96
APPENDIX TO: THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Williams.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
high water in the Susquehanna so that it can-
not be crossed, but he can go to New York by
a more circuitous route, would it be the part of
wisdom for the distinguished Senator to rush
along over the direct route into the Susque-
hanna and drown himself, or would it be more
advisable for him to go a little way round and
accomplish the object he had in view?
I object, then, to the proposed amendment
because it will avail us nothing. Put it before
the country and commit the Union party to it,
the amendment will be defeated and the Union
party overwhelmed in its support—and the con-
trol of this Government would pass into the
hands of men who have m-ore or less sympa-
thized with the rebellion; and I say that it is
of more eonsequence, in my judgment, that the
control of this Government should remain in
the hands of the men who stood up for the
Union during the late war than that any con-
stitutional amendment should be adopted by
which the right of suffrage should be extended
to any person or persons not now enjoying it.
I ask the honorable Senator how his proposed
amendment is to be executed? The Constitu-
tion will declare that there shall be no discrim-
ination on accountof race or color if his amend-
ment be adopted. Suppose the State of New
Yorkstill retains its present constitutional pro-
vision' providing that negroes shall have prop-
erty worth $250 to be qualified to vote. What
are you going to do about it? • Will Congress
mq,ke war upon the State of New Y ork to enforce
the constitutional provision ? What is the rem-
edy to the voter who is rejected ? He may have
the right of course to sue the judge and test the
validity of the law; and it may be; at the end
of a law suit, decided that he had a righ t to vote ;
but would that be of any avail to him after the
law suit was ended? Besides, the decision would
only apply to the individual case, and the State
might still persist in the exclusion of persons
on account of color or race. In that respect the
proposed amendment of the committee has the
greait- merit of executing itself. There is no es-
cape from it. It is to be observed that the Sen-
ator's amendment is a mere limitation:upon the
power of the State; it does not operate directly
upon individuals.
Another proposition has been submitted by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
DooUTTLE,].as a substitute for the report of the
committee, providingthat Representatives shall
be apportioned according to the white male
electors above twenty-one years of age in the
several States. I ask those who-favor that prop-
osition if it is necessary to strike out of polit-
ical existence all the women in the United States
and all persons under twenty-one years of age
in order to reach the condition of the lately
emancipated negroes? Adopt that substitute
and you at once declare that more than one half
of the white people of these United States shall
be deprived of any right of representation in
Congress for the purpose of providing for the
negroes in the southern States. That violates
the fundamentalprinciple adopted'by our fathers
when they framed the Constitution, and it seems
to me that it would be great injustice to adopt
such a constitutional provision. Many good
objections have been stated and urged to it. I
will not repeat them; but it would operate un-
fairly, as it seems to me, because those States
where the males exceed the females would have
an undue proportion of the representation in
Congress.
Moreover, that amendment undertakes to fix
the qualification of voters in the several States
by declaring forever that no person shall ever
vote in any State, under any circumstances, un-
less ho be a man over twenty-one years of age.
Is it necessary in an amendment to the Consti-
tution so to enact in order to meet the exigency
that has grown out of the late convulsion in the
country ? for we all acknowledge that the pri-
mary object of all these amendments is to pro-
vide for the new state of things that has arisen
out of the abolition of slavery.
Some Senators object to any constitutional
amendments. Sir, lately aeonstitutionalamend-
ment was adopted by the people abolishing sla-
very, and- that constitutional amendment has
created a new state of things in the United
States. It has abolished a vast amount of prop-
erty ; it has overturned an aristocratic and pow-
erful system ; it has restored millions of peo-
ple who were slaves to theii; rights as freemen,
and changed the whole aspect and condition of
things in the lately rebellious States; and it is
reasonable, therefore, that some change in the
Constitution should be made to meet the circum-
stances that have .grown, out of this revolution
in the political and social system of the South-.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator will-per-
mit me, I should like to ask hkii a question here.
He says, as to the proposition of the- Senator
fromWisconsin to base representation on voters,
that it is very unjust to exclude women and the
minors in the northern States who can be per-
mitted to vote by their respective Legislatures or
by the people in the formation of their consti-
tutions. I should-like to ask him, if that be un-
just, how he makes it just that the negroes who
cultivate the soil in the southern States, and who
are loyal men and have been loyal men, shall
be excluded from representation, for he says it
is- more desirable that they be excluded, a great
deal more, than thai Ukef negroes shall vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not surprised tha
the Senator is very much troubled- about the
rights of women 
Mr. HENDERSON. I only quoted the lan-
guage of the Senator. He said that it would
be very unjust to exclude the women from rep-
resentation. I only quoted his own language.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to say that the
constitutional amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin positively and
absolutely strikes women and minors out of
political existence, while the proposition re-
ported by the committee does no such- thing,
but provides, according to the principles incor-
porated into the Constitution- by its framers,
that the States shall regulate this matter, and
if they do not regulate it according to the dic-
tates of humanity and justice, they shall be
punished. The gentleman assumes that the
amendment reported by the committee is equiv-
alent, in its operation upon the negroes, to the
proposition proposed by the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin in its operation upon women
and children; but in that he mistakes, for this
proposition of the committee is intended to in-
duce the States to confer the right of suffrage
and representation upon blaek people by de-
claring that if they do not do that the States
shall be without representation to that extent
in the Congress of the United States.
I wish to say a word upon the amendment
proposed by the Senator from- Massaehusetts—
and amendment has been, piled upon; amendr
naent, Pelion upon Ossa, until it is very diffi-
cult to determine exactly what is the question
before the Senate; but1 the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts proposestoamend the conf-
mittee's resolution by declaring that persons of
color, if States decline to allow them the right
of suffrage, and so they become excluded from
representation, shall be exempted from all tax-
ation of every nature and description. I ask
if that would be fair or just. Take the State
of Maryland, if you please. There institutions
of government are provided, courts are estab-
lished, and the law is administered ; public
institutions of various kinds are founded and
maintained, roads and bridges are constructed,
all by taxation upon the people; and the ne-
groes in that State enjoy to a greater or less
extent the benefit of those institutions, and
therefore they ought to pay a reasonable pro-
portion of taxes for the blessings and benefits
they enjoy from these public expenditures and
institutions, though they may not be directly
represented in Congress. Direct taxes are to
be arpportioned among the several States, and
the constitutional amendment proposed by the
committee proposes simply to deprive those
persons who are disfranchised in the State of
the right of representation; but when Congress
imposes a direct tax upon a State it operates
equally upon all the persons in that State, and
if the State is represented, the Representatives
chosen by white people are as much interested
in defeating any unjust taxation as would be
the Representatives directly chosen by black
people. Negroes without votes would be just
as well protected from direct taxes in Congress
as white people with votes, but the power of
the State would be reduced by subtracting the
blacks from the basis of representation. I may
be mistaken, but it is my opinion that the dec-
laration which was quoted from Mr. Otis by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, "that
taxation without representation is tyranny, "and
which was made to have great weight in the dis-
cussion, did not mean that every individual who
was taxed in a community should be repre-
sented ; but at that time the colonies were with-
out representation in the Parliament of Great
Britain, and Parliament was imposing taxes
upon the colonies. I had supposed the mean-
ing of that expression to be that it was tyranny
for one Government to tax a State or a com-
munity or a colony without allowing that State,
community, or colony representation in the
Government imposing the tax. I never under-
stood- that our fathers intended to say that any
Government that did not allow every man,
woman, and child, within its jurisdiction, whose
property was taxed, a right of representation,,
was a tyranny.
Mr. President, the committee of fifteen have
proposed an amendment to the Constitution,
which has been ably supported by the honor-
able chairman of the committee, [Mr. Fessex-
den.] I do not propose to travel over the same
ground, but I am free to say that one object I
have in supporting that resolution is to deprive
the rebel States while the rebel element pre-
dominates there, as it must and- will for some
time whether you give suffrage to the black
man' or not, of as much power in- Congress "as
the Constitution and circumstances of the coun-
try demand and allow, so that the men who have
saved the Union can provide lasting securities
for the future integrity, honor, and peace of
the nation. I also advocate the amendment
proposed by the committee because it provides
eventually that the negroes of the southern
States, after they have learned what it is to be
free, and not to be "like dumb cattle driven,"
may come to the enjoyment of the elective fran-
chise. And I believe that if this constitutional
amendment is adopted and-put before the peo-
ple, and the requisite number of States ratify it,
i-n the southern States a party will spring up at
once to advocate the extension of the elective
franchise to the blacks. They will argue, "If
yon do this you increase the power of the State
in the Federal Congress;" and that party, in
my judgment, will grow and become stronger
until it obtains the ascendency, and after ne-
groes are to some extent educated and elevated
the elective franchise will be conferred upon
them by the action of the States themselves-.
Pass the amendment proposed by the Sena>-
tor from Missouri, or the proposed law submit-
ted by the Senator from Massachusetts, make
it operative in- the rebel States at once, and you
make a line of demarkation between the white
and black races; white men will constitute one
political party and the negroes will constitute
another; and I think it is desirable for the sake
of both races that some system shall be adopted
that will- divide and not consolidate the white
men against the black, or the black men against
the white. The honorable Senator from Mis-
souri declared yesterday that the adoption of
the proposed law offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts would produce a war of races in
the southern States. I do not accord with that
view of the subject; I believe if that law was
passed, to-day it would tend to build up the
rebel element in the South, because the negroes
