2536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
May 10,
persons and property, are permitted to share
in the nation's bounties, and live in security
under the broad tegis of the nation's flag, it is
far more than the nation owes them.
Looking at the desolated fields of the South,
the beggarly condition of the people, the army
of maimed and helpless rebels, and the demor-
alized stale of society, they must be the most
stupid people in the world or they would ask
to have them disfranchised themselves, and
every loyal southern man does that. Nay, they
should place them under such disabilities that
they never could exercise political power again.
The whole North is full of loyal refugees who
do not dare return to their former homes. If
they happen to have property there it is de-
stroyed by those persons you propose to con-
tinue in power. Reject the amendment dis-
franchising rebels and you must widen the
asylum in the North for those southern people
who have sympathy with the Government. Let
us have the courage to follow the example of
the loyal people of Tennessee and Missouri,
and exclude them from the ballot-box. Ask
the gallant men of Tennessee what security they
would have if the provision disfranchising rebels
was repealed. They would tell you they would
be overrun by rebels, and that the forty thou-
sand gallant men who battled for the Union
would be prostrated at the mercy of these dis-
armed traitors.
Let us now turn to the North and ask the
million of gallant men who for four years stood
like the mailed hosts of old between the nation
and its destruction, and vanquished and drove
back these hirelings of crime, and .they will
answer you, no rewards for treason. Ask the
maimed and disabled soldier, and he will tell
you that he did not think he was giving his leg
or his arm to a Government whose represent-
atives would vote away his political rights. Ask
the widow, and in tears she will turn to her
children and tell you that she was widowed,
they were orphaned, they inherited poverty,
she struggled in want, but she did not suppose
that all this was to confer the power of the
Government upon the murderer of husband
and father. Ask the whole loyal people of the
North, and you will receive for answer that you
endanger the peace of the country by trusting
the ballot in the hands of the traitor.
Mr. Speaker, I have not time to trace this
subject further. I hope the report of the com-
mittee will be adopted; and in conclusion lot
me say to the one hundred and forty thousand
people I have the honor to represent, that if
they desire to have the rebels admitted into
this House and the ballot placed in the hand of
the traitor, they must select some other agent
than me, for, so help me God, I will never vote
to admit unconditionally a rebel Representa-
tive to a seat in this Hall or to place the ballot
unrestricted in the hauds of the traitor. In that
way I shall contribute in rendering "treason
odious."
Mi. LONGYEAR. Mr. Speaker, the ques-
tions before the House are not so much whether
the rebellious States are in or out of the Union ;
or whether the Government has or has not the
right to impose conditions upon their return to
working relations with it. Those questions have
already been settled by the uniform action and
declarations of the executive, legislative, and
judicial branches of the Government.
The Supreme Court, as long ago as 1862,
declared, in the decision of the prize cases,
(2 Blaelc s Reports, 636. 6G7,) that "the pres-
ent civil war between the United States and the
so-called confederate States has such character
and magnitude as to give the United States the
same rights and powers which they might exer-
cise in the case of a national or foreign war
and, quoting Yattel for authority, the court
further declared that " a civil war breaks the
bands of society and Government, or at least
suspends their force and effect."
The Thirty-Eighth Congress, at its first ses-
sion, and while the war was still flagrant, by
solemn enactment declared the State govern-
ments in those States subverted and overthrown,
and imposed conditions upon their reconstruo-
tion. This enactment most unfortnnately did
not receive the signature of the President,
although he approved of all its provisions in
the proclamation which he issued soon after
its passage. The same thing has been assumed
and acted upon by Congress and by each House
in numerous other enactments and resolutions
since that time, many of which received the
sanction of the late President Lincoln.
The present incumbent of the presidential
chair, while he remained the Andrew Johnson
of Tennessee for whom the great loyal masses
of the nation gave their suffrages for Vice Pres-
ident of the nation in 1864, both before and
since his elevation to that position, ay, and
since by the hand of treason he became ele-
vated to be the chief Executive of the nation,
has declared that all government in those
States and in each of them had ceased to exist;
and not only that, but that the right to regulate
suffrage and to impose conditions in the efforts
of those who had been in rebellion to recon-
struct State governments existed in the national
Government. I will only quote a single but
oft-repeated declaration of President Johnson
upon this point. In each of his famous proc-
lamations appointing provisional governors for
the several States in rebellion, occurs this
remarkable passage:
"Whereas the rebellion which has been waged by
a portion of the people of the United States against
the properly constituted authorities of the Govern-
ment thereof, in the most violent and revolting form,
but whose organized and armed forces have now been
almost entirely overcome, has in its revolutionary
process deprived the people of the State of [North
Carolina, &e.J of all civil government."
The President in each of thoseproclamations
also assumed to regulate suffrage and eligibility
to office, as follows :
"Provided, That at any election that may be here-
after held for choosing delegates to any State con-
vention, as aforesaid, no person shall be qualified as
an elector, or shall be eligible as a member of such
convention, unless he shall previously have taken
and subscribed the oath of amn esty as set forth in the
President's proclamation of May 29, 1865, and is a
voter qualified as prescribed by the constitution and
laws of the State of [North Carolina, &c.,] in force
immediately before the 20th day of May, 1861, [or
otherwise as the ease was,] the date of the so-called
ordinance of secession."
These declarations and acts of the present
Executive were made and done, too, after active
hostilities had ceased, and the armed force of
the rebellion had surrendered to or been broken
and dispersed by the superior force of the na-
tional Government, events upon the happening
of whipli it is contended by the advocates of
State rights here and elsewhere the States in
rebellion at once resumed all their rights as
States of the Union, including, of course, the
right of representation in Congress and the
right to regulate suffrage and office in their own
way._
Without stopping, then, to discuss these ques-
tions upon principle, I assume, as proven by
authority of all the coordinate branches of the
national Government, the following proposi-
tions :
1. That as a result of the rebellion, all civil
government was destroyed in those States which
were engaged in it.
2. That the people of those States can erect
new State governments only by virtue of the
authority and consent of the national Govern-
ment, and upon such terms and conditions as
the latter may prescribe.
3. And in this connection the national Gov-
ernment. may regulate suffrage and eligibility
to office, and make and establish such other
regulations as may be necessary for its future
security and perpetuity.
4. And it makes no difference in this respect
whether such regulations are established by
statute or by constitutional amendment. The
loyal people who, by their Kepresentatives and
Senators constituting the Congress for the time
being, have the power to propose constitutional
amendments and enact laws for the common
welfare, have equal power through their Legis-
latures or conventions to ratify and make effect-
ual such constitutional amendments.
He who attempts to argue against these prop-
ositions does so against the uniform current
and logic of the swift-passing events of the
last five years and their inevitable sequences,
and will find all his high-sonnding rhetoric
return to him empty, like echo from adaman-
tine cliff in a desolate forest.
I do not propose to discuss the question here
whether the power to prescribe s«ch regula-
tions and conditions is m the Executive or in
the Congress. I believe it is in Congress.
The people believe it is in Congress, and the
great masses of the loyal people both North
and South are looking to Congress to-day for
protection and security; and for one, I intend
to do my duty toward them in that respect to
the best of my ability.
The only question really open for discussion
is, what regulations and conditions are neces-
sary ; and what shall be imposed to insure the
future domestic tranquillity of the people and
the security and perpetuity of our national
existence?
The amendments and bills reported by the
committee on reconstruction fall far short of
the expectations of the people, and I may say
are short of what I may have desired. The fact
is the people are always ahead of their legisla-
tors in all matters of reform. But so far as
the report goes it is in the right direction, and
I will not reject it for the sole reason that it
does not go far enough. The constitutional
amendment proposed by the committee, with
a single objection, meets my hearty approval.
That objection is to the third section, and it is
not that it does not go far enough, nor that it
goes too far, but that it comes too late. I
would disfranchise every voluntary rebel in the
land, and place him where the late Andrew
Johnson of Tennessee, at a time when the
patriotic predominated over the sinister ele-
ments of his nature, said he should be placed,
" on the back seats" in the great work of re-
storing the body-politic to health and vigor.
But that same Andrew Johnson, acting as
President of the United States, and under
authority, too, of an act of Congress has, in my
opinion, placed it beyond our power to do this
without a violation of the faith of the Govern-
ment in the eyes of the whole world.
What is the case presented? Section three
reads as follows:
Until the 4th day of July, 1870, all persons who
voluntarily adhered to the late insurrection, giving
it aid and comfort, shall be excluded from the right
to vote for members of Congress and for electors of
President and Vice President of tho United States.
"All persons who voluntarily adhered," &e.
Let us see what persons are included in this
expression. It would seem that the word
"all" is sufficiently comprehensive and can
admit of no exceptions ; but let us see if its
use here is not delusive under the circum-
stances now surrounding the question. By
authority of law, full pardon and amnesty have
been granted—
1. To all rebels below a certain rank who
should take a certain oath, &c.
2. To all below the rank of colonel who were
worth less than §20,000 at the commencement
of the rebellion. This included, of course,
the great mass of the southern people.
3. Nearly all of the classes above excepted
have since received special pardons, and what
remain are being pardoned now day by day,
and before the proposed amendment can be-
come part and parcel of the Constitution there
will probably not be left a single unpardoned
rebel in the whole land, from the highest to the
lowest.
In the light of the events of the past five
years, and of the fiendish barbarism practiced
by these rebels during hostilities, and of the
devilish hate still rankling in the bosoms of
the great mass of them toward the Union and
toward loyal men, these are humiliating facts;
but still they are facts, and we must face them
and not stultify ourselves in the eyes of the
world by ignoring them.
Amnesty and pardon, although not strictly
synonymous terms, have been used as such in
this connection. Amnesty has the effect "to
efface the crime and cause it to be forgotten."
