512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
ley, James 51. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Bar-
ker, Baxter. Seaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Binsham,
Blaine, lSlow. Bon:'.veil, Brandegce, Brooinall, Buck-
land, Bumh'. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conklinx. Cook, Cullom. Darling, Davis, Dawes, De-
frees, Delano, Oeming, Dixon, Donnelly, Eekley, !'/■;-
jrlcslon, Eliot, Farnsworth, Parquh.lr,Perry,GriMvold,
Hale, AhnerO. llardinjr, Hart, Hayes, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, DemasHub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N.llubbell, JamesR.
Hubbcl!. James Humphrey, J ames M. Humphrey, I11-
gersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson.Kelley,Kelso.Kctch-
am, Kuykendall, Laflin,George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lonuyear, Lynch, Marston, Maryin,
MeClurg, Melndoe. MeKee, MeRuer. Mevcur, Miller,
Moorhencl, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Niblaek,O'Neill,
Orfh, Paine. Patterson,Perhaiu, Plants, Price.Samuel
J. Randall, AlexanderII.Rice, John H.Riee, Rollins,
Sawycr.Scofield. Sheila bareer, Sloan. Spaldmsr, Starr,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thornton. Upson, Van Aer-
nam.Burt Van Horn. Ward, Warner, Ehliu B. Wash-
hni-no, William B. Washburn, Walker, Wentworth,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Woodbridae—118.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson.Bergen,
Bromwell, Chanler, Culver, Drig^s. Dumont, Hender-
son, Hisrby, llosan, Hulburd, Jones. Kerr, SIoCul-
lough, Morris, Newell, Noell, Pike, Pomeroy, Ray-
mond, Sitgrcaves, Stillwell, Strouse, Trowbridge,
Voor'nees, Whaley, and Stephen T'. Wilson—28.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to reconsider tTic
vote by which the previous question w;;t sus-
tained. I hope gentlemen will give ns on this
side of the House thirty minutes. That is all
we ask to debate this subject.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon that motion I call
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
The question rocurred upon agreeing to the
resolution, which was again read, as follows:
Reioivetl, That, until otherwise ordered, the Com-
mittee of Claims be instructed to reject all claims
referred to them for examination by citizens of any
of the States lately in rebellion, Krowin^ out of the
destruction el-appropriation ot'oi- damage to property
by the Atuiy or Navy while engaged in guppie>sin£
the rebellion.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO, t move to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to the resolu-
tion ; and T also move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
AMKNDMKXT TO T1IK OOXSTITOTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, liy unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
Stales ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
FHIl'-fANAL IV lLLtXOJS.
Mr. TNGEUSOLL. by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to construct a ship-canal for
the passage of armed and naval vessels from
tho Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
A1)MI.«K)N TO TUT! TLOOIt.
Mr. ROSS. T rise to a question of privilege.
I desire that rule DM. in reference to excluding
from tlv> door of the House those not specially
entitled lo be here, shall be enforced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois demands thai rule Idi, in reference lo
admission to the floor, bo enforced. The door-
keepers are required to enforce the rale, upon
the demand of any member. Gentlemen not
privileged to remain on the floor under that
rule will retire.
Mr. WAS1ICURNE, of Illinois. Isnotthe
Doorkeeper required to enforce the rule with-
out a demand by any member?
The SPEAKER" He is: but yesterday
"Major General Sherman was introduced 
Mr. WASHISUUNE. of Illinois. I propose
to have that rule either repealed or oufoteed.
I off en have friends whom 1 would like to in-
troduce here if others introduce their friends.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
stale that Major General Sheiman was intro-
duced Here yesterday contrary to the rules;
hut the Chair supposes that the Doorkeeper
would not be held responsible for that. The
rule will be enforced whenever any member
insists upon it.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I would inquire whether
General Sherman has not received by name a
vote of thanks from Congress.
The SPEAKER. That would not entitle
him to admission under the rule.
Mr. HAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the reading of the rule.
The Clerk road, as follows:
"No person except members of the Senate, their
Secretary, heads ot Departments, the President's
Private Secretary, Foreign Ministers, the Governor
for the time beins of any State, Senators and Repre-
sentatives clect, and Judges ot the Supreme Court of
the United Spates and ot the Com t of Claims, shall bo
admitted within the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives."
Mr. HAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to inquire whether it would not be in order to
move that that rule be referred to the Commit-
tee on Rules for the purpose of extending the
privilege of the floor. There are persons who
are not included in the list of privileged persons,
but who now should certainly be admitted; for
instance, ex-members. There was a period
when ex-members became, in some cases, claim-
agents and, therefore, they were excluded by our
ride. But I see no such persons here now; and
it seems to me that it would not interfere with
legislation at all, if the privilege of the floor
were extended so as to include some persons not
now pri\ilogod by the rule.
The SPEAKER. The rules have all been
referred to the Committee on Rules by a reso-
lution adopted on motion of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiibvuxi;] on the first day of the
session ; but, the committee generally do not re-
port on any special subject unless it be specially
referred to them.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Would
it be in oidov at the present time to move to
refer this subject to the committee?
The S PICA K Kit. Only by unanimous con-
sent. Tho ^enSlcman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ei.hit] is entitled to the floor on the special
order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 have
no desire to interfere with the gentleman from
Massaehuset ts.
Mr. YOOiUlEES. I dedre to inquire. Mr.
Speaker, so that no mistakes may be made by
members, whether tliL rule will be so inter-
preted as tit admit to the lloor of the Mouse
flu: various Governors ot the southern States—
Go\ ernors by virtue of election as such.
Mr. COXKLIXG. I would like to inquire
nhether any of tho^e Governors hate applied
to the genl Ionian from Indiana [Mr. \ ooimiuks]
to procure I hem admission.
Mr. YOOKHLES. My personal relations
and intercourse with gentlemen arc not public
pi opertv.
Mr. CONKLTNG. If T had supposed that
there vras any secret about the matter I would
not. have asked the question.
Mr. VOOUHKES. "Whether they have or
not. possibly some one of them may apply either
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxk-
Lixc] or myself; and if this is an open ques-
tion, f would surest that this rule be referred
lo [he joint coimiiieoe of fifteen, lo determine
whether the Governor! of the Southern Stales
can come on this floor under the rule of the
! Home.
| Mr. RANDALL, of PcimM'lvauia. Mr.
■ Speaker, my remarks were made entucly in
j good faith 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Pent -
i svhania will please suspend his remarks till the
| Chair responds to the point made by the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Tho Chair eannotantieipa<e any decision that
may be made hereafler. Wheneveriliat point
shall be properly rai-ed for the decision of the
Speaker he will decide it as lie decides all other
quc-iions, subject to an appeal to 1 lie House.
No such question has yet been submitted for
the decision of the Chair.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] asks unanimous consent to make amotion
for reference to the Committee on Rules.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
freedmex's bureau agatn.
Mr. ELIOT. I now call for the special order.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask my colleague to yield to
me for one moment, to take from the Speaker's
table a bill in reference to new post routes, which
will take only a little while to pass on it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The other side objected to my motion.
Mr. ELIOT. Now, Mr. Speaker, I must call
up the regular order of business, wdiic-h is the
special order in reference to the Freedmen's
Bureau.
I am directed to report back from the com-
mittee on freedmen Senate bill No. CO, to en-
large the powers of theFreedmen's Bureau,with
certain amendments in the nature of a substi-
tute.
The Clerk read the substitute.
message from the suxate.
A message was received from tho Senate,
by Mr. I'oitXF.Y, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed Senate joint
resolution No. 2(1, for the payment of the ex-
penses incurred by the joint committee to in-
quire into the condition of the States which
formed the so-called "confederate Stales of
America ' in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
i'lusedmex's bureau again.
Mr. WRIGHT. As the Clerk read the hill,
it does not agree with the copy which has been
printed and put upon our desks.
Mr. ELIOT. The Clerk read the substi-
tute and not the original bill. There are two
sections six, and if gentlemen will strike their
pens through the first one it will lie right.
Mr. TA\ LOR. Are there not other changes
from the bill before us? I think there are a
great many differences.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 hope tho bill will be or-
dered to be printed as modified, and postponed
to a ful ure da}.
| Mr. LLIOT. Mr. Speaker,before commenc-
ing the debate on this bill, I will state wherein
the substitute reported from the committee dif-
fers from the printed bill. It differs in two
respects : and if gentlemen will tnrn to the bill
1 can explain so that if can be understood.
Turn to section second. W e insert the worda
'" and when flic same shall be necessary tor
the operations of the bureau so that it will
, read:
Si n. .1 ml h," it furihrrciiartril. That the Commis-
si',ner, ivuh the amo'oval ot the President, and when
the same shall be ncce^ary for the operations of the
bureau, may divide each district into a liumbcr.of
sub-districts, not to exceed the number of counties
■ or parMies in such district, and shall assien to each
, suh-di.-tvict at least one aircnt, either a citizen, officer
of the Ariav, or enlisted ni.m.who, if an oflicer, shall
! stive without additional compensation oi allowance,
i am! it a ci! i/.en or culistcil man, shall receive a salary
not exceeding ■;:!,■/>•) nor annum, &c.
I Xext, after tho word salary," insert "of
j not loss than $500 nor more than _ $1,200, ae-
I cording to the services rendered, in full com-
i pensation for said services,'1 striking out of
I course the words ''not exceeding bl.COO per
; nnmim." That is a limitation of the salaries as
j well as a reduction.
| The next is to strike out these words:
: Each a-.-istant coni.ai^ionor may employ not ex-
i cTuIum -ix t. Lei k-;, one ol the third elat-s and fh e of
tho jn.-t clai \ ami each, a^ent of a &ub-dh>liiet may
employ t\\ o clerks of the first class.
And to insert the following :
i And tho CVmmis?ioner may, when the same shall
be nece^ary, a^mn to ea.cn as:-istant commissioner
, not exceeding three clerks; and to eaohoi naid aTcnfs
one clerk, at nn anni'al salary not exceeding &LOOO
, each, provided suitable clerks cannot be detailed
■ from the Army.
| That reduces the expense?.
I The ne^it amendment is in the fifth section,
: which reads as follows:
j See. o. Awlb*> it nirthrrcnactrrt, Thatthc occupants
| of land under .Major General ShermanV_spetialfield
; older, dat"d at Savannah, Januarj li>, are hereby
: continued in tfu-ir po^se^sion for the period of three
1 years liom the date of said order, and no person shall
' be distuibed in or ou&tcdfiom said possession during
