me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
demands of the country for this class of mer-
chandise, and many of the reasons assigned
by-the gentleman from Iowa for a reduction ■
of duty in the section immediately preceding
apply also to this. The present duty on gunny-
clotli and gunny-bags is three cents a pound,
amounting, as I understand, to six and three
eighths cents per yard. Now, if this duty of
thirty and thirty-five per cent, ad valorem be
added it will be seen how enormous will be
the duty on an article the value of which is
but ten cents per yard. As there seems to me
to be no good reason why this excessive bur-
den should be put on this article, and as the
public convenience will be promoted by strik-
ing it out, I hope the chairman of the commit-
tee will consent to modify his amendment by
striking out the ad valorem duty altogether.
If not, I will make the motion myself to strike
out the words "and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem," and also the words
"and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem
The CHAIRMAN., The Chair is of opin-
ion that that is not in order, because it pro-
poses to strike out more than the original
amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Then I ask
the chairman of the committee to accept it.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot accept it.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order after
the other amendment is disposed of.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Then I give
notice that I shall offer it.
The amendment offered by Mr. Morrill
was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now move
to amend this paragraph by striking out the
words "and, in addition thereto, fifteen per
cent, ad valorem," and also by striking out the
words "and, in addition thereto, twenty per
cent, ad valorem."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague [Mr. Rice] allow me to make a sug-
gestion to him? That is, that if he will move
to strike out the whole paragraph the duty will
be left as it, is under the existing tariff.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will accept
the suggestion of my colleague, [Mr. Hooper,]
and move to strike out the entire paragraph.
The paragraph, as amended, was as follows:
On gunny-cloth, g«nny-bags, and cotton bagging,
or other manufactures not otherwise herein provided
for, suitable for the uses to which cotton bagging is
applied, composed wholly or in part of hemp, jute,
flax, or other matorial valued at ten cents or less per
square yard, three cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, fifteen per eont. ad valorem; valued at over
ten cents per square yard, four cents per pound, and,
in addition thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. IIOGAN. If the House will indulge
me a few moments, I will say that I favor the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Rice,] and I hope it will be adopted.
We neither make this article of gunny-cloth nor
manufacture it into bags in this country. This
gunny-cloth is absolutely necessary for bags in
which to transport the grain of this country. I
hope the old tariff, the one under existing laws,
will be allowed to stand. There will be noth-
ing gained by inpreasing the duty on this arti-
cle except to put money in the pockets of some
men who now have a large amount of this stuff
on hand; and it will be a direct tax upon the
people of the West.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely desire to say to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hogan,]
and also to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Rice,] that their purpose will not be ac-
complished by striking out this entire para-
graph. for the reason that manufactures of
jute are provided for in a different part of this
bill. If they desire to accomplish their pur-
pose they will have to move to reinsert the
tariff as it is under the existing law.
Mr..RICE, of Massachusetts. Then I will
withdraw the motion to strike out this para-
graph, and ,1 renew the amendment I first
offered. That amendment is to strike out the
words "and, in addition theretor fifteen per
cent, ad valorem,and the words "and, in
addition thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.''
. The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On jute and coir, or cocoa-nut matting or carpet-
ing, five cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, twenty-live per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On brown and bleached linen, damask table linen,
brown Hollands, blay, coatings, crash, duck, drills,
diapers and huckabueks, valued at thirty cents or less
per square yard, six cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty per cent, advalorem; valued
at over thirty cents and not over sixty cents per
square yard, ten cents per square yard, and, in addi-
tion thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; valued
at over sixty cents and not over onedollar per square
yard, fifteen cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; valued at
over one dollar per square yard, twenty cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem; on ail other manufactures of flax
or linen, or of which flax or linen shall be a compo-
nent material of chief value, not herein crtherwise
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. DODGE. Ijnove to strike out the word
" crash" in the second line of this paragraph.
That is an article imported from Russia, and
is consumed in lafge quantities in this country.
It is imported to the extent of from four to
five thousand bales a year. It is a very cheap
article, and is much used by the poorer classes
for toweling. It is made by the peasantry
of Russia, and is an important article of com-
merce with that country. It measures about
a half a yard in width, and now pays a duty of
thirty-five per cent. This paragraph contem-
plates throughout articles of the width of a full
yard, and under its operations this article of
crash would pay about one hundred and forty
per cent, per square yard. I move to strike out
the word "crash," so that the duty may remain
as at present, thirty-five per ceiit. ad valorem.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not rise so
much for the purpose of opposing the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Dodge,] as of making an inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I have endeavored to ascertain from an exam-
ination of the table that has been printed and
laid upon our desks, what the duties upon these
various articles are under the existing tariff.
But I find that it is almost impossible to deter-
mine that question by an examination of that
table. Now, I desire to know from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Morrill] how much this "bill increases the
duties upon the articles enumerated in this
paragraph over the duties upon them under
the existing tariff. I had supposed that we
could ascertain the amount of present duty
from this table. But this bill is, 1 find, drafted
in many respects so differently from the act
now in force, that it is almost impossible, with-
out a great deal of care and study upon each
provision, to ascertain what changes have been
made. And therefore I ask for this informa-
tion. *
Mrt MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I will say,
in response to the gentleman, that under the
existing law the duty on these goods when val-
ued at thirty cents or less per yard is thirty-
five percent, advalorem; when valued at more
than thirty cents per pound, the duty is forty
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then the increase
is six ccnts per pound.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the
last letter of the word " crash." I make this
motion merely for the sake of saying a word
in reference to the motion of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Dodge.] I agree with
him that the word '' crash'' ought to be stricken
out, and the duty upon that article left as it is
now. In fact, I am in favor of more moderate
duties than those reported by the committee
upon nearly all the articles imported from Rus-.
sia. During the rebellion Russia was our only
friend among the great Powers of Europe.
Yet by this proposed tariff we have stricken
at her manufactures in greater proportion than
those of any other country. Gentlemen will
find it to be a fact that, under the operation of
the present tariff law, the duties are so high
upcyi Russian products that our trade with
Russia has greatly decreased. The importa-
tions from that country into this are at the
present time less than half what they were for-
merly. If this bill be adopted in the form
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
it will operate almost as a total prohibition of
our trade with that country. If this is to be
the policy of the Government toward the pro-
ductive industry of Russia, then extend it to
other countries to whom we owe less than to
that country.
As the gentleman from New York has stated,
the duty upon crash under this bill will be
nearly one hundred and forty per cent. It must
he obvious that this would amount to a positive
prohibition of the importation of this article.
Certainly this cannot be intended. This article,
as has been observed, is used to a large extent
by all classes, including the poorest people in
the community. And this is another reason
why an excessively high duty should not be
imposed. I trust, therefore, that the motion
of the gentleman from New York will prevail.
I dislike to go against the views of the com-
mittee, and I do not know what may have been
their views or the information upon which thay
acted in reporting in favor of the rate of duty
proposed in the bill. Whatever may have been
their reasons, I should like to hear them. All
my information is against the proposition, and
I cannot but think they are misled. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I renew the amendment
to the amendment for the purpose of saying a
word or two in relation to this subject. I have
no objection to the motion of the gentleman
from New York, provided this article be in-
serted in some other part of the bill, so that
it will be subjected to the duty which he designs
shall be imposed upon it.
I will say, in relation to this subject, that
previous to 1861 all linens imported into this
country bore a duty of only fifteen per cent.,
while cotton goods, used by the laboring classes
of the North, were subjected to a duty of thirty
Eer cent. The tariff of 1861, andthe laws which
ave since beetf enacted as amendments, have
been framed with the view of raising up, if pos-
sible, tjje manufacture-of linens in this country
and creating here a demand for the hemp and
flax that are raised in this country. I know
that in some portions of the West flax is raised
purely for the seed; whereas, if those who raise
it would cultivate it for the fiber, they would
realize more than double the profit per acre on
their land than they obtain by devoting it merely
to the raiSng of seed.
Under the laws to which I have referred and
other laws allowing machinery for the manu-
facture of flax to come into the country free
of .duty various experiments have been made,
some of which have been successful and some
not. But it is a branch of manufacture emi-
nently deserving of the fostering care of the
Government. The duties proposed in this bill
will upon some articles increase the amount
of protection, while upon others there will be
actually a reduction. The present rate of duty,
as I have already stated, is thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem upon goods valued at thirty cents
or less per yard, and forty per cent, upon arti-
cles valued at mone than thirty cents per yard.
Gentlemen will readily perceive that the ad
valorem reduction of ten per cent, on those
articles costing more than thirty cents per yard
will make the rate of duty on goods costing less
than seventy-five cents lower than that fixed
by the present law. On goods valued at fifty
cents the duty will be one cent per yard more
than the present duty. On articles of a still
lower price the increase of duty and of protec-
tion will be greater. I think the proposition
introduced by the Committee of Ways and
Means is nothing more than reasonable. It is
nothing like what is demanded by the manu-
facturers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise for the pur-
pose of stating an amendment I intend to offer
when the pending amendment is disposed of.
I design on all low-priced linen to strike out
six per cent, per square yard and increase the
