1866.]
39th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Williams.
Senate.
at this time are poor, homeless, destitute, and
dependent. They must look to the land-
holders for employment and for a livelihood
for themselves and their families, and although
they did aid the Union cause in the late war,
because they expected freedom, which was to
them a promised land flowing with milk and
honey, I doubt very much whether these same
negroes would decline to vote as their employer
might indicate if they were put to the choice of
doing that or being turned adrift upon the world
to beg or steal or starve. I wish to say, too. for
the committee's amendment, that while it is
better adapted than any other to the present
exigencies of the country, it adheres to two
principles of the Constitution most highly prized
by the fathers of the Republic, to wit, appor-
tionment of representation according to popu-
lation and«the right of the States to regulate
the elective franchise. The proposed substi-
tutes launch us upon an ocean of untried ex-
periment.
_ Mr. President, passing from the considera-
tion of these constitutional amendments, allow
me to make a few remarks upon one or two
other topics. Much has been said here about
the President's policy, and it is pressed upon
the Senate as a necessity that Congress should
adopt that policy. I do not know that I ex-
actly understand what that policy is, but pre-
sume that it means generally pardon to all the
men who have been in rebellion with few ex-
ceptions ; the extension of the elective fran-
chise to all those who will take the amnesty
oath ; the organization of State governments
under the proclamations of the President; and
the immediate restoration of those States to the
Union by allowing them their Senators and
Representatives at this time in Congress. Giv-
ing the President great credit for upright and
patriotic motives in the adoption of this policy,
I must be allowed—and I hope I do not violate
any rule of propriety—to venture the opinion
that in one respect he has made a mistake, and
that is in the almost unlimited exercise of the
pardoning power toward the men who con-
cocted the late rebellion. I am anxious, and
have been anxious, to cooperate with the Pres-
ident in the work of reconstructing this Union.
I have been and am his friend. I was as active
as I could be in my humble sphere to procure
his nomination for Vice President upon the
Union ticket. Many years ago I admired him
when in the South he fought the gallant and
glorious battle of the downtrodden poor against
the landholiling and aristocratic classes, and
the measure of my admiration for him was full
when I saw him stand unshaken in his fidelity
to the Union in that black sea of falsehood and
treachery and perjury by which he was sur-
rounded in the State of Tennessee. I do not
bow advocate any substitute for the policy
which he has proposed. I do not attack or
assail that policy. lam not yet prepared to
express any definite opinion as to the best
iolicy to be pursued; but I desire to say. and
shall insist upon it, that the action of the
President, whatever it maybe, does not exclude
the power of Congress to regulate the recog-
nition or admission of the rebel States. 1 be-
lieve, with the light I now have, that the true
policy would have been to have kept these States
under strictly military governments till Con-
gross could have convened. Congress could
then have provided for the reorganization of
those States according to law. Provision could
then have been made for the exclusion of rebels
from power and for the ascendency of loyal
men. Time could have been given "for things
to settle. Is it surprising that men who, for
four years, have been hunting each other from
mountain to swamp and back again, and try-
ing to cut each other's throats, should not at
once coalesce into political unity? There may
be no blaze now, but I am apprehensive that
the fire is not extinguished. The nation, no
more than an individual, can take coals of fire
into its bosom and not be burned.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 7.
!
Charges have been-made and repeated upon
this floor, that the Union party was disposed
to keep these States in their present condition
from selfish or party purposes. Is there any
foundation for that imputation ? Look at what
transpired-when the rebel armies were dispersed,
when it was announced throughout the country
that the great and bloody conspiracy against
the life of the nation had "failed. Everywhere
the people of the loyal States were thrown into
a blaze of excited joy, and the chief source of
their gratification was the anticipated speedy
restoration to the Union of the discordant and
belligerent States. 1 make no question that
some change has come over the public senti-
ment in this respect. What has occasioned
that change? Why do the pulsations of the
public heart that, then bounded with joy now,
like the beating of muffled drums, give sign of
disappointment and sorrow ? Is it because the
northern people desire to protract the present
state of things? Did they sacrifice their sons
and their fathers and their brothers, and pour
out their treasure and blood like water, to per-
petuate a division, or was their object to secure
a return of these States to a newly consolidated
Union ? Sir, when you consider what has been
done, what acts of magnanimity and generosity
have been extended to these undeserving and
guilty people; when you consider the surpris-
ingly liberal terms of surrender proposed by
General Grant, the too generous terms offered
by General Sherman: when you remember the
words of Abraham Lincoln, "with malice to-
ward none, with charity for all," which were
caught tip by the sympathies of the people
and made a nation's voice; when you consider
that pardons have been scattered by President
johnson through the camps of treason ''like
flower-seeds by the far winds blown;" when
you consider all these acts of magnanimity and
mercy and kindness on the part of the people
of the United States who put down this rebel-
lion, and then look at the manner in which
these acts have been received, is it to be won-
dered at that doubts and fears and sorrowful
misgivings to some extent have seized upon
the public mind ? I know that there are ex-
ceptions to what I am about to say, but, sir,
"'tis true, and pity 'tis 'tis .true," that gener-
ally these acts, instead of being received with
feelings of respect or expressions of gratitude,
have been received with feelings of hatred and
malice, and expressions of contempt and de-
fiance. I know that history teaches that acts
of magnanimity on the part of the conqueror
toward the conquered will tend to conciliate
and make peace; but it seems, sometimes, as
though history was at fault as..to these people,
and as though there was nowiing that would
touch their hearts or their actions but the irre-
sistible power of the Federal Government, the
gleam of its flashing swords, and the glitter of
its conquering bayonets.
Sir, i do not wish to say anything harsh or
unkind of these people. 1 desire that they
should be. restored as soon as they can be with
safety to the country. I should rejoice to see
them coming back penitent and reformed like
the prodigal son, and the nation going out to
take them into its arms, saying, as did the father
of old, ''The lost is found and the dead is alive
again." I will say, in answer to the question
asked me about Tennessee, that I am inclined
to the opinion that under the circumstances it
would be advisable to try the experiment of
speedy admission with that State. 1 have very
little faith in theories. Opinions arc as diverse
among men as are the faces of those who ex-
press them. But here an experiment can be
made. Tennessee is a State in which there are
loyal men, in which there are rebels, and in
which there are negroes. Let that State resume
its position in the Union, andletthe experiment
there be tried as to whether rebels are disposed
or not to acquiesce in the authority of the Fed-
eral Government, and aecedc to the loyal men
the right to control; and also as to whether or
not the white people there will treat their ne-
groes in their new condition according to the
dictates of humanity and justice. Try that ex-
periment. Experiment is better than theory.
That will prove whether what is said about these
rebels is true or not; and if it should turn out
that they maintain, after our recognition of the
State, the same spirit which they displayed dur-
ing the rebellion, then, sir, I am for crushing
out that spirit by force, if necessary, or giving
it time enough in which to die; and 1 give
notice now that whatever I may do as to Ten-
nessee will not bind me as to any other of the
rebel States. Conditions of recognition may
be necessary for all the rebel States.
Much complaint has been made here as to
the course of Congress toward the rebel States,
and considerable of it has emanated from the
distinguished Senators from Kentucky; and
while I wish to be entirely respectful, but with
the view of showing in what spirit these com-
plaints are made, I desire to say that it has been
announced on this floor by one of the honorable
Senators from Kentucky [Mr. Davis], in effect,
that slavery had always existed in the cotton
and sugar-growing States of this country, and
always would exist, no matter what the consti-
tutional amendments or the legislation of Con-
gress may be upon that subject. And I re-
spectfully call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that the first man in Congress since the
rebellion who has undertaken to influence its
legislation by a threat of dissolution, is the dis-
tinguished Senatorfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Guth-
rie,] who reported in the Chicago convention
the resolution that the war for the Union was
a failure. That disgraceful declaration was
trampled under foot by the loyal people of the
North, while the confederacy, whose success
it was intended to acknowledge, was trampled
by our soldiers into the bloody mire of the bat-
tle-field. He said that the enactment of the
Freedmcn's Bureau bill would bo a dissolution
of the Union, and we could not help it. Sir,
we can help it, and we will help it. Is not the
terrible experience of the last four years suffi-
cient to satisfy the Senator?
' Mr. GUTH1UE. Will the Senator allow me
to explain ?
Mr. WILLTAMS. Certainly.
Mr. GUTHRIE. The Senator has fallen into
error, and like many other Senators misunder-
stood what I said on that subject. I said that
by the passage of the Frccdmen's Bureau bill
and the bill No. 61, and the other measures that
were on loot, you gentlemen would accomplish
or bring about what the rebellion had not done,
a dissolution of the Union. It was an expres-
sion of apprehension as to the effect of your
measures, which 1 bad a right to express. It
was no threat.
I am sorry the gentleman has gone back to
the Chicago convention. The expression in the
resolution reported there was that the Admin-
istration had failed hitherto, or during the war,
to bring about a restoration of the Union by
war; not that the war was a failure, but only
that there had been a failure up to that lime to
restore the Union.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not desire to do the
honorable Senator any injustice, but my atten-
tion was called to this matter yesterday by see-
ingin a Jlichmond newspaper reference made to
his remark, and the paper seemed to regard
that expression as some kind of authority, and
alleged that if the President signed the bill
organizing the Freedmen's Bureau it would
greatly tend to fulfill the prediction of the Sen-
ator. and dissolve the Union. Sir, it is in vain
to talk about dissolution. Let the man \vho
dare, strike a blow at the integrity of the Union
and ten hundred thousand war-worn veterans,
fresh from the fields of their fame and glory,
would spring to its defense. Sir, one blast upon
the bugle-horn of Grant, or Sherman, or Sheri-
dan, would make every guilty traitor in this land
turn pale and tremble. [Applause in the gal-
leries.]
