2538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May. 10,
ment by charging us here with being nothing
but " catamounts." Such a method of treat-
ing these great questions will not settle the
present difficulties of the country, nor heal the
bleeding wounds of the Republic. Such a course
of proceeding will not bring back our country
to the enjoyment of the blessings of civil liberty
and those great principles of constitutional free-
dom for which our revolutionary fathers fought.
Sir, I had hoped that after the investigation
we have had upon the different subjects which
have agitated this Congress, the time had come'
when gentlemen upon both sides of the House
would turn their hearts from bloody strife to a
contemplation of the blessings of peace and
union in this land.
I do not mean, sir, as is now proposed by the
measure under consideration, to have peace by
disunion, but I mean to have peace by restor-
ing and referring to the instrumentalities by
which the Constitution and the Union were first
established by our fathers; and I believe, if
these instrumentalities, which were founded in
a spirit of compromise, charity, friendship,
love, and affection, were employed in this
House, the bonds which have been torn asun-
der by four years of bloody war will be again
cemented together.
I believe while I am here sustaining the oppo-
sition to this joint resolution, I am fortified by
one who holds the reins of power in the presi-
dential chair, a patriot and statesman, a man
whose whole ambition is to have back again that
glorious Union, and the old flag with every star
there emblazoned upon it the emblem of victory
and of the unity of all the States, whether North
or South. He wants all the States, as hereto-
fore, to be represented in reference to the legis-
lation of the country.
While the proposition which has been pro-
duced here is not so rabid as some of the
propositions agreed to be submitted by this
committee, yet I say that it is fraught with great
danger and evil to the country, and the ele-
mentary foundations upon which the liberties
of this Union have rested for seventy-five years
are about to be thrown down and trampled in
the dust; and that glorious flag which was car-
ried in triumph during the last war is about to
be trampled under foot, and the time has
arrived when Andrew Johnson and the Demo-
cratic party have determined to j>ut that flag
upon their shoulders and to plant it upon the
dome of the State capitol of South Carolina,
and to have it waving there as it is over the
dome of the Capitol of the United States, rep-
resenting a union of love and equal represen-
tation.
Now, sir, I have examined these proposi-
tions with some minuteness," and I have come
to the conclusion different to what some others
have come, that the first section of this pro-
gramme of disunion is the most dangerous to
liberty. It saps the foundation of the Govern-
ment; it destroys the elementary principles
of the Statesit consolidates everything into
one imperial despotism; it annihilates all the
rights which lie at the foundation of the Union
of the States, and which have characterized
this Government and made it prosperous and
groat during the long period of its existence.
This section of the joint resolution is no nOTe
nor less than an attempt to embody in the Con-
stitution of the United States that outrageous
and miserable civil rights bill which passed
both Houses of Congress and was vetoed by
the President of the United States upon the
ground that it was a direct attempt to consoli-
date the power of the States and to take away
from them the elementary principles which lie
at their foundation. It is only an attempt to
ingraft upon the Constitution of the United
States one of the most dangerous, most wicked,
most intolerant, and most odious propositions
ever introduced into this House or attempted
to be ingrafted upon the fundamental law of
the Federal Union.
It provides that no State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or
immunities of citizens of the United States;
nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law,
nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws. What are
privileges and immunities ? Why, sir, all the
rights we have under the laws of the country
are embraced under the definition of privileges
and immunities. The right to vote is a privi-
lege. The right to marry is a privilege. The
right to contract is a privilege. The right to
be a juror is a privilege. The right to be a
judge or President of the United States is a
privilege. I hold if that ever becomes a part
of the fundamental law of the land it will pre-
vent any State from refusing to allow any thing
to anybody embraced under this term of privi-
leges and immunities. If a negro is refused
the right to be a juror, that will take away
from him his privileges and immunities as a
citizen of the United States, and the Federal
Government will step in and interfere, and the
result will be a contest between the powers of
the Federal Government and the powers of the
States. It will result in a revolution worse than
that through which we have just passed. It
will rock the earth like the throes of an earth-
quake until its tragedy will summon the inhab-
itants of the world to witness its dreadful shock.
I believe it will be, if that contest comes be-
tween Federal and State powers, a time when
nature will bleed with agony in every part.
That, sir, will be an introduction to the time
when despotism and tyranny will march forth
undisturbed and unbroken, in silence and in
darkness, in this land which was once the land
of freedom, where the sound of freedom once
awakened the souls of the sons and daughters
of America, when from the mountain-tops to
the shore of the ocean they drank in the love
of liberty.
I assert that the second section of this pro-
posed amendment is unparalleled in ferocity.
It saps the foundation of the rights of the States,
by taking away the representation to which they
would be entitled under the present Constitu-
tion. When the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] brought forward a proposition from
the committee on reconstruction to amend the
Constitution of the United States, interfering
with the elementary principles of taxation and
representation, the principles for which our
fathers fought when they rebelled against the
tyranny of King George and the English Par-
liament who undertook to tax the people of the
colonics without representation, the proposition
was defeated in this House upon the ground
that it would destroy a fundamental principle,
that there should be taxation only according to
representation.
This, sir, is precisely such a proposition as
that. It declares that if the southern people
refuse to allow the negroes to vote, then all
that portion of the male colored population of
twenty-one years of age and upward shall be
excluded in the basis of representation—shall
not be counted in ascertaining bow many Rep-
resentatives the States are entitled to.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevisxs] has the frankness to state
to the House what the object and purpose of
the second clause are. He says:
" The effect of this provision will be either to com-
pel the States to grant universal suffrage or so to
shear them of their power as to keep them forever
in a hopeless minority in the national Government,
both legislative and executive."
Yes, gentlemen, it is but the negro again
appearing in the background. The only ob-
ject of the constitutional amendment is to
drive the people of the South, ay, and even
the people of the North, wherever there is
much of a negro population, to allow that pop-
ulation not qualified but universal suffrage,
without regard to intelligence or character, to
allow them to come to the ballot-box and cast
their votes equally with the white men.
Why do you not meet this question boldly
and openly? Why do you undertake to de-
ceive the people by offering to them an amend-
ment which you say is based upon a principle
of justice, that only the voting population shall
be rejpresented, when you admit by your leader
in this House, the honorable gentleman [Mr.
Steven's] who introduced into the committee
this whole scheme of disunion and despotism,
that the object of this amendment is to force
the southern States to grant to the negro unre-
stricted suffrage?
Sir, I want it distinctly understood that the
American people believe that this Government
was made for white men and white women.
They do not believe, nor can you make them
believe—the edict of God Almighty is stamped
against it—that there is a social equality between
the black race and the white.
I have no fault to find with the colored race.
I have not the slightest antipathy to them. I
wish them well, and if I were in a State where
they exist in large numbers I would vote to
give them every right enjoyed by the white
people exceptthe right of a negro man to marry
a white woman and the right to vote. But,
sir, this proposition goes further than any that
has ever been attempted to be carried into
effect. Why, sir, even in Rhode Island to-day
there is a property qualification in regard to
the white man's voting as well as the negro.
Andyet Representatives of the eastern, middle,
western, and some of the border States come
here and attempt in this indirect way to inflict
upon the people of the South negro suffrage.
God deliver this people from such a wicked,
odious, pestilent despotism! God save the
people of the South from the degradation by
which they would be obliged to go to the polls
and vote side byside with the negro !
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. ROGERS. I am always willing to yield,
but in a half-hour speech I cannot.
The committee dare not submit the broad
proposition to the people of the United States
of negro suffrage. They dare not to-day pass
the negro suffrage bill which passed this House
in the Senate of the United States because, as
I have heard one honorable and leading man
on the Republican side of the House say, it
would sink into oblivion the party that would
advocate before the American people the equal
right of the negro with the white man to suf-
frage.
And I do not believe that the gentlemen who
favor this amendment believe that a single
proposition contained in it will ever be adopted
by three fourths of th% States. Why do you
not do something practical? We have been
here something like six months. We have
labored, toiled, and endeavored to bolster up
the remains of the old Union, and you come in
at this late day of the session with a proposi-
tion which you know—and I put it to the con-
science of any man on the Democratic or
Republican side of the House—will never be
adopted by three fourths of the States.
Sir, I want some principle embodied in a
constitutional amendment that the southern
States will accept. I desire to see the Union
restored, the Union of our fathers. I want
peace, prosperity, happiness, greatness, grand-
eur, and glory such as characterized this na-
tion when the Democratic party had control.
I want you to put such a proposition before the
people as shall meet their approbation. Do
not pretend that you are in favor of the unity
of the States when you offer a proposition which
every reasonable, honorable, conscientious man
must know will never be adopted by the States.
Do you believe the people of the South will
close their eyes to the teaching of ages and
wait for shackles and chains to convince them
that their liberties are endangered and allow
no awakening convulsions to shake their rug-
ged minds until despotism shall eat out their
vitals?
I am not unmindful of the lessons taught us
by the despotism of the Old World. I remem-
ber Poland and Hungary, and I stand here pro-
testing against this measure which is more
wicked than the tyranny practiced upon them.
I believe under God that Andrew Johnson will
plant the flag of liberty on every hill-top of
this land until the tidings shall go'forth to the
civilized world that the United States of Amer-
ica are united in one bright constellation based
upon equal representation.
