1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Be it enacted bp the Senate and House of Represent#,- j
fives of the United State* of America in ('Jonqres? as- \
semblcd, That thesaid International Ocean Telegraph
Company, incorporated under the laws of the State
of Xew Yoik, their successors and assigns, shall have
the sole privilege for a period of fourteen years from
the approval of this act, to lay, construct, land, mam-
tain, and operate telegraphic or magnetic lines or
cables in and over tho waters, reefs, islands, shores,
and lands over which the United States have juris-
diction, from the shores of the State of Florida, in
the said United Slates, to tho island of Cuba and
the Bahamas, either or both, and other West India
islands.
Sec. 2. And be. it further enacted t That the said In-
ternational Ocean Telegraph Company shall, at all
times during a state of war, give tho United States
the free use of said cable or cables to a telegraphic
operator of its own selection to transmit any mes-
sages to and from its military, naval, and diplomatic
or consular agents: Provided, That the said Inter-
national Ocoan Telegraph Company shall, within the
period of three years from tho passage of this act,
cause the said submarine telegraphic cable or cables
to be laid down, and that the &aid cable oi cables
shall be in successful operation for the transmission
of messages within the said period of three years;
otherwise this grant to be null and void.
Sec. S, And bo it further enctrteJ, That Congress
shall have power at any time io alter or repeal the
foregoing act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have fully considered this
subject. The point which I insisted upon,
whether in committee or out of it does not
matter, is that if this grant is made it should
be upon the condition that the Government of
the United States shall have the free use of
this telegraph at all times, as well in time of
peace as in time of war. J move, therefore, to
amend the second section by striking out the
words during a state of war."
Mr. WILSON, of Jowa. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. YVasiidttrxe]
whether the grant in this bill to this company
to land their cables and establish their stations,
is confined to the coast of Florida, or whether
it extends beyond that coast.
Mr. WASHBUliNJS, of Illinois. I will read:
To lay, construct, land, maintain, and operatc'telc-
Kraphie lines or cables in anil over the waters, reefs,
islands, shores, and lands over which tho United
Slates have jurisdiction, from the shores of tho State
of Florida, in tho said United States, to tho island of
Cuba, Ac.
This is the point which is considered of great
interest lo commercial men. Tt was so consid-
ered by the Committee on Commerce. The
difference was 111 relation to what the company
should give in consideration of the grant for
the term of fourteen years. I was unwilling
to consent to giving this grant, unless the com-
pany would agree to do without charge the busi-
ness of tho Government at all times, as well
in pence as in war. 1 also insisted (and 1 see
that iho Seriate has adopted such an amend-
ment) that this company should have only three
. years instead of live to complete the line. Then
there is in tho third section a provision that
Congress shall have power at anytime to alter
or repeal tho act. My motion is to amend by
striking out the words 1: during a state of war,''
so that the clause will read:
The company shall at all times give the United
States tho lice use of said cable or cables.
I now yield io the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Bamiwiy.]
Mr. BALDWIN. It appears, to me, Mr.
Speaker, that the bill ought to contain some
provision against such private and exclusive
use of tli0 telegraphic communication from
Cuba andjhc West Indies as will make it im-
possible for the gentlemen owning and eon-
trolling (his (olographic line to monopolize the
earliest intelligence from that quarter in re-
gard to the markets. Take, for example, the
sale of sugar, a very important article in our
markets. By monopolizing tho earliest intel-
ligence in regard to the market prices of that
article, in Cuba alone, a gigantic system of
speculation might be established and carried
011 immensely profitable to those concerned in
it. Such a monopoly of the earliest news from
the' markets in the Vest India islands would
be w-orfh millions. There are men who would
gladly pay for it very heavily. It seems to Hie
the bill should contain some provision that
will furnish security against the possibility of
sueli a monopoly as this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was dis-
posed to entertain pretty much the same opin-
ion as my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Baldwin'] has expressed, for I am opposed to
every kind of monopoly, or anything that looks
like it. This matter was very thoroughly dis-
cussed in the Senate, and it appeared that there
really need be no apprehension of such a thing
as the gentleman suggests. These men really
obtain but a very small privilege by this bill.
The enterprise is but an experiment at any
rate, and it is considered by all commercial
men as an enterprise of very great importance.
I do not appear here as the champion of the
bill. I merely desire to state to the House that
I will not oppose it if the amendment which I
suggest be adopted. Otherwise I shall oppose
the bill to the utmost.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether the committee
have considered the probable extent of the bur-
den which his amendment would impose on this
company. The company are to receive no sub-
sidy whatever from the United States. They
ask for the privilege of landing their cable and
establishing their station, and they have that
privilege exclusively, so far as tho coast of
Florida is concerned, for tho term of fourteen
years. That is all the company are to obtain.
Tho Government is to pay them nothing for the
purpose of aiding them to establish this com-
munication. It does seem to me that, unless
the gentleman has some data by which he can
inform the House as to the extent of tho bur-
dens which the amendment would impose on
the company, the House should reject the
amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiibctbnjo] to yield the lloor to
me for a few moments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
do so.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, although I do
not desire to make any opposition to the course
of the gentleman from Illinois on this bill, I de-
sire to say a word respecting the operation and
effect of the amendment which he urges as the
condition of his supporting the measure. The
bill as it comes from the Senate, proposes to
send all tho Government dispatches free in
time of war; or indeed to give the Government
practical control of the line in time of war. My
friend from Illinois insists that all the Govern-
ment business shall be done free in time of
peace also.
Now, so far as tho Government business in
time of peace is concerned, let me say that it
would be very inconsiderable, and to send it
without charge would not be much of a bur-
den on the telegraph company and not much
of a boon to tho Government. A few hundred
dollars per annum would probably cover the
whole of it. But the prejudicial effect of such
an amendment will bo found in the fact that
whatever conditions our Government lays upon
the telegraph company the same will be ex-
acted by the Spanish Government. This being
the case there isastrong possibility, amounting
indeed to a probability, that this conditionfrom
the Spanish Government might prove very oner-
ous and oppressive. The probability of such a
result is precisely in proportion to the proba-
bility of tho Atlantic telegraph being success-
fully laid. In that event a vast amount of cor-
respondence between Madrid and Havana would
he carried on by telegraph, and it would impose
an unreasonable burden on this company to
compel them to send all the messages of the
Spanish Government without charge. Now,
the inevitable effect ofthe amendment proposed j
by the gentleman from Illinois will be to in-
cumber the telegraph company with precisely
this heavy load. If our own Government were
to gain any corresponding gratuity to the im-
mense one that would thus accrue to the Span-
ish Government, I would not object to the
amendment, but the gentleman from Illinois
cannot fail to see that his amendment will im-
pose a severe penalty on certain enterprising
American citizens simply for the benefit ofthe
Spanish Government, and this being the.plain
and palpable effect I hope he will consent to
withdraw it.
Objection has been made against granting a
monopoly of this' kind to any company for four-
teen years. Such grants are, I admit, in gen-
eral very objectionable ; hut in this instance I
think it entirely justifiable. Indeed, it is sim-
ply a question as to whether an American com-
pany or d Spanish company shall have a mo-
nopoly,-or rather whether a Spanish company
shall have it solely or share it fairly with an
American company. This bill will simply
place the American company in a position to
enforce its rights against the Spanish company.
The company ask no subsidy from our Govern-
ment, and in this respect its claims are very
modest when compared with the Pacific Tele-
graph Company, which asked and obtained a
grant of $40,000 a year for ten years from the
Federal Treasury, and is now in receipt of that
splendid endowment annually. It strikes me
as a little strange that gentlemen who assisted
in procuring that extravagant grant from Con-
gress should now oppose this bill on the ground
of its being a monopoly.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that my friend, from
Illinois will not press his amendment, and that
tho bill will be allowed to pass just as it came
from the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
consideration which should have no influence
with us. We are not to regulate our legislation
in accordance with the anticipated legislation
of the Spanish Government. My amendment
stipulates for a privilege on tho part of our
Government which this company should not
refuse to give, in view of the fact that we give
the company an exclusive privilege for the
period of fourteen years.
Mr. BLAINE. We give tho Pacific Tele-
graph Company $40,000 a year. We give this
company nothing.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
the House is prepared to act on a measure of
this importance with 110 more information than
we have on it. I think this bill ought to be
printed, and if in order I move it be printed
and recommitted. It is impossible we should
legislate safely in regard to a bill that we have
not had an opportunity to understand. We do
trot understand the extent of this monopoly,
what privileges may be conferred, and what
consequences may follow. For one, sir, I will
vote for no bill in regard to which I have had
no opportunity of obtaining more information
than I have been able to get since this was taken
from the Speaker's table.
_ Mr. WASHB (JRNE, of Illinois. This pro-
vides th at the charter may be altered or repealed
at any time.
Mr. ALLEY. I wish to say a single word on
this subject. I do not know that I am opposed
to it; in fact I am in favor of the project, al-
though serious objections occur to my mind at
the present moment to this bill as it is. The
chief one is that urged by my colleague, [Mr.
Baldwin.] I think that is a serious objection^
and it ought to be provided against. This will
give them the control of all the markets in the
West Indies and all the markets in South Amer-
ica, and it will be impossible for private par-
ties to help themselves. I submit to this House
whether it is worth our while to grant to a pri-
vate company the control over the markets of
the Wrest Indies and South America, and for no
consideration whatever. For this is the prac-
tical effect of this bill.
Then, again, I object to it on another account.
It contains no provision in regard to the rate
of charges. That to my mind is a serious ob-.
joction. I think a provision should be intro-
duced by which intelligence may be communi-
cated at a fair rate. If this company is to
have the exclusive right to telegraph, surely
the people should have some protection against
exorbitant and unreasonable charges.
Allusion has been made to the overland tel-
egraph to California, and it has been stated that
this Government gives that company a subsidy
of $40,000. Mr. Speaker, that is a fact, and
my experience in reference to the procurement
