1866.
APPENDIX TO THE OOSUiiEfcitflONAL GLOBE.
99
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of liepresentalion—Mr. Yates.
Senate.
and hence the condition of the poor white man
of the South became scarcely more tolerable
than that of the slaves themselves.
But, sir, I will not follow this history, the
fierce, domineering, bullying spirit of slavery
in our national Capitol, its attempt to establish
itself by force upon Kansas, &c., but. simply
say that its front became so brazen, and its aims
and demands were at such hostile variance with
our free institutions, that it became evident that
the two systems of freedom and slavery could
not exist in the same land. And when Abra-
ham Lincoln, the great emancipator, came be-
fore the American people to define and to as-
sert the great proposition that this nation could
not remain half slave and half free, when the
slaveholders saw that the power was departing
from them by the admission into the Union of
new free States, when they saw that they could
no longer rely upon full cooperation from their
northern sympathizers, and a resolute spirit in
the northern States to resist the further en-
croachment of slavery, then they waxed wroth,
and in the pride and insolence which the system
had engendered they drew the sword and struck
at the life of the nation. It was under such cir-
cumstances as these that the rebel States raised
the banner of revolt, ordained themselves out
of the Union, fired upon our flag, and forced us
into that self-defensive war which, thank God
and our brave Army, resulted in the total ex-
termination of the monster slaveiy, and planted
our flag wherever traitor hands had pulled it
down.
What was this war about? ''State rights."
It was a question whether the Constitution and
laws of the United States were to be the su-
preme law of the land, or whether State sov-
ereignty, as it was termed, was to be the supreme
law. It was whether a State, at its mere pleas-
ure and volition, had aright to secede from the
Union and tc establish a separate and inde-
pendent government. It was State rights, which
we now see resuscitated, creeping up again,
and peering out l'rom manifestoes in high quar-
ters, and interpolated, in my humble judgment,
without any proper connection,into funeral ora-
tions. "Staterights," which says if Congress at-
tempts to assert its power Kentucky will go out
of the Union. Staterights," which the honor-
able Senator from Maryland says, if Congress
attempts to regulate the qualification of electors
in the States, they will claim the right to resist
the act even to the point of revolution. Let
me here say by way of parenthesis, God forbid
we should have any more revolution; but. sir.
I am here to say—not in t'ne language of threat-
ening. but speaking for the State which 1 rep-
resent, covered all over with gloiy as she is,
having sent two hundred and fifty thousand of
her brave volunteers to the field to put down
the. late rebellion—should traitor hands again
fire on the flag, she is just as ready now as she
was then to send five hundred thousand more
men to crush out the fell spirit of rebellion and
disunion. [Great applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dooi.it-
tle in the chair.) The interruption has been
so frequent oflare in the gallery that the Chair
feels called upon to enforce the order of the
Senate and to direct that the galleries be cleared.
The Sergeant-at-Arms will clear the gallery on
the right of the Chair.
The Sergeant-at-Arms proceeded to execute
the orders of the Presiding Officer.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I think the applause was
an inadvertence on the part of the galleries,
and I would be very g'lad if the Chair, on re-
consideration, would reverse its order. I will
almost pledge nvyself for the galleries that the
disturbance will not be repeated.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope so, too.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate whether
the order to clear the galleries shall be reversed
or not.
The question being put, the order was re-
versed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the suggestion of the Senator from
Kentucky to be that the order made by the Chair
be reversed with the express understanding
that if there is any repetition of the disturb-
ance in the galleries the order will hereafter be
strictly enforced.
Mr. GUTHRIE. That is my understand-
ing, and I hope it will never take place again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
therefore, under the direction of the Senate,
will withdraw the order to clear the galleries,
with that understanding.
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir, ''State rights'' is
again the bugle note! "State rights," as
though one refractory child in a family had the
right to control not only all his brothers and
sisters, but the father from whom lie derived
being and support. I had in the simplicity of
my heart supposed that "Staterights,'' being
the issue of the war, had been decided. I hacl
supposed that we had established the proposi-
tion that there is a living Federal Government
and a Congress of the United States. I do
not mean a consolidated Government, but a
central Federal Government which, while it
allows the States the excrcise of all their ap-
propriate functions as local State governments,
can hold the Slates well poised in their appro-
priate spheres, can secure the enforcement of
the constitutional guarantees of republican gov-
ernment,, the rights and immunities of citizens
in the several States, and carry out all the ob-
jects provided for in the preamble of the Con-
stitution, "provide for the common defense,"
"promote the general welfare," " establishjus-
tico," and " secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and to our posterity."
Is it to be pretended now that we are to leave
to thirty-six States the determination of the
fundamental question of citizenship? Can it
be expected that the local politicians of the
States will adjust upon a right basis the rela-
tions of the freedmen ? Why shall we throw
this bone of contention again into the States
to breed a new and dangerous agitation? If
we leave these questions to an outside power,
to the Congress of the United States, who ex-
ercises its power according to the Constitution
and under the Constitution, even if it confers
suffrage upon the freeduian, all will submit and
rejoice in the end. They are even now pre-
pared to surrender these questions upon the
ground of the late conquest of the Govern-
ment. But if we leave them to the States, then
wc have no security for the citizen : we cannot
have uniformity oi legislation ; if we give up to
the States the power to decide the fundamental
question of citizenship upon which the life of
the Government depends, then we must expect
wrangling and distinctions of classes, which may
result in a war quite as bloody and as fatal as
that which recently has shrouded our land in
the weeds of sorrow.
Le<- us not commit the fearful error of our
father bv a departure from the organic prin-
ciple of "justice and equal lights, and sow the
seeds of a future conflict of races, of future
war and permanent disunion.
Mr. President, wdiile 1 do not agree with all
the propositions contained in the able and mas-
teily speech of the Senaior from Wisconsin.
! Mr. Dooij.ttix,] yet! doagreewithhiminone
proposition, and tliat is, that these States are
not out of the Union, i'liat was what we were
lighting about. They appealed to the sword.
ri hey threw all they had and all thej were into
the contest, and they lost, and these States are
still in the Union, and by the blessing of
Almighty God they shall ever stay in this Union.
But I agree with our late President that this
is a most pernicious abstraction. I presume
that the difference between gentlemen on this
question results from impressions that the
legislation of Congress for their reorganisa-
tion depends upon their status in this regard.
It is not so at all. To illustrate: both the
Senators from Wisconsin, [Messrs. Doolit-
tt.n and Howe,] while they disagree so widely
on the question whether the States are in the
Union, yet they sufficiently agree on all the
(juestions which we are practically to consider.
They both agree upon the proposition that to
Congress is left the question of reopening our
doors to the admission of Senators and Rep-
resentatives from the rebel States. They both
agree upon the other vital question, that these
States are not to be permitted to resume their
practical relation with the Union until they by
their conduct show that they are willing to give
an unfeigned and heartfelt allegiance to the
Union, or that they are willing to come into
the Union upon terms which shall forever settle
this question, and upon such a basis as will
prevent the recurrence of another war. and
secure, if not indemnity for the past, at least
security for the future. But, sir, we can accom-
modate both of these gentlemen without any
trouble whatever. The States arc in the Union
in law; they are out of the Union in fact. So
far as any legislation that we propose to apply
to them to preserve our territorial integrity
and submission to the laws is concerned, they
are in the Union, and yet we may regard the
rebellious population as out of the Union for
all purposes of representation until they comply
with such just requirements as we may impose
for securing protection to loyal men and pun-
ishment to criminals. The case is anomalous;
national self-preservation is the paramount law
of ouraction. We have nottreated them either
as States in full fellowship, nor entirely as
States without government.
It is simply a question of fact wdiether they
are in a condition to be restored to all their
rights in the Union or not. LTpon that question
I am sorry to disagree with my friend from Wis-
consin. now in the chair, [Mr. Doouttle.] I
have regarded him as a statesman; I still so
regard him; and since my acquaintance with
him I have feelings for him warmer than admi-
ration. But! cannot account,for the delusion--
I will take back that term, and say that he is
vastly and lamentably at fault when he is will-
ing to open our doors wide to the readmission
of the rebellious States into full fellowship into
the Union with their present hostile feelings to
the Unitcd States without further guarantees on
their part or protective legislation upon our part.
Why. sir, look at the facts that boldly and de-
fiantly stand out upon the record of southern
disloyalty, and stare us like ghastly specters in
the face. We see the Governor of Alabama
appointing two rebel Senators judges of the
supreme court but recently. Vv e know that the
only par-sport io southern office, to the Legis-
lature ar.d to Congress, is fidelity in the rebel
army and in the rebel cause. We know there
is a bitter and unrelenting hostility toward the
freedmen who have been emancipated by the
constitutional amendment, as is proven by the
orders of General Terry in Virginia. General
Sickles in South Carolina. General Thomas in
Mississippi, and by the general order of Gen-
eral Grant, interposing the strong arm of mili-
tary authority to prohibit oppressive discrim-
inations against the freedmen in those States.
Thcv are as defiant in their dangerous dogma
of State sovereignty as when the war began.
They are clamoiing i'or the payment of the rebel
debt. They are opposing the payment of the
debt incurred by the United States. 1 hey are
demanding compensation for their slaves. They
treat our test oath as a nullity. They jeer our
glorious flag. They caricature our institutions
in their theaters and public assemblages; and in
their hearts they curse the dayriiev were made
to submit to the authority of the Union.
Mr. President, does that honorable Senator
propose that these States shah be leceived into
this Union, that the rebels shall be allowed to
go to the polls and exercise the right of sue-
fvage, while tho men who have bared their
breasts to the storm of battle in obedience to the
call of Abraham Lincoln, and with his promise
that they should be maintained in their freedom
