100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Senate.
Apportionment of Bepresentation—Mr. Yates.
39tii Cong. ... 1 st Seas.
■—yes, "maintained," that's the word—while
they are disfrauchi- -h! ? W hiie the tragedies of
the cruel war. trail .n-oirly provoked, are fresh in
ou.' memories and the blood of our countrymen
cries to us from the ground, is my friend from
Wiseoti'-in willing to turn over the government
of those States to secessionists and rebels, to
the virtual exclusion and disfranchisement of
the bravo Union men who have borne aloft our
hag amid the storm and thunder of battle? Sir,
until that promise of Abraham Lincoln is re-
deemed, that the freedmeu shall be " main-
tained in their fteedom," is made good to those
men who wore the United States uniform, those
men who rallied under the glorious folds of our
old flag by the side of our brave boys and min-
gled their warm blood in the same current with
theirs upon many a gory battle-held; those men
who Hashed two hundred thousand bayonets in
th" face of .jefferson Davis and traitors, I will
never consent that those States be received into
full brotherhood in the Union. They shall be
vouchsafed at least every right which the rebels
themselves shall enjoy.
And I appeal to you, Mr. President, I ap-
peal to Senators, by the bloody memories of
the war; by the tears of the soldier's widow and
the soldier's orphan boy; by the sufferings and
miseries and death of those brave men who in
obedience to God went forth to fight the battles
of the country, and whose bones now lie in un-
marked graves upon southern soil; by the grand
solemnities which surround the murder and
memory of Abraham Lincoln; by the love we
bear our country, lor which they fought and fell;
and by all our ho[>es for lasting peace and per-
manent. Union, that now, having the power, we
will plant the pillars of (he Government upon
the granite foundations of God's eternal justice
and upon the undying principles of individual
and universal human liberty.
While I speak thus, I say to the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Dooijttle] that I will be as
prompt as he whenever they by their conduct
evince the proper spirit; whenever they show
that they renounce their old ideas of allegiance
to the South alone, and will give unfeigned,
heartfelt allegiance to the Government, and
will present to us constitutions republican in
form and laws equal and impartial to all, I will
join that Senator and hail the auspicious day
when as of yore, on the land and the sea, and
over all the States reunited, high over all, shall
Uoat the star-spangled banner.  
Sir, there is one basis upon which these dif-
ficulties can be settled, and only one, and that
is to return to the fundamental principles which
were aimed to be established by our fathers,
and to give rights to those men whom in an
evil hour they most reluctantly disfranchised.
Vain is the hope of the statesman, however
high he may be. who expects that we can set-
tle these questions upon any other basis than
upon the basis of the principles laid down in
the Declaration of Independence, if this Con-
gress does not adopt it, the next Congress will.
'1 heie is (I say it with deference in this great
presence; only one salvation, tf you do not
seize the splendid opportunity, the" next Con-
gress will. All your amendments must fail.
They lack the motive power. They are like
a watch with all its machinery beautifully
adapted, butwithoutthemainspring. They are
without the motive power, that living element
of republican Governments, the popular will;
and without that they cannot be adopted. Is it
reasonable to suppose that even all the free
States will adopt tho amendment which has
been reported by the honorable chairman of
the committee on reconstruction? I simply
submit the proposition, and know the answer
of every gentleman. Is it reasonable to sup-
pose that the slave States will either consent
to curtail their representation one half, or that
they will confer the right of franchise upon the
freedmen ? And in the mean time are we to
keep up a standing army or Freedmen's Bu-
reau, with thousands of officials, !o hold them
in subjection to the Government? I do not
say now that I may or may not vote for any of
these amendments. It is not material to my
proposition whether I do or not. I may vote
for them In view of the one (Thousandth chance
that they may pass. I consider the whole
of them imperfect, and as postponing the
period of restoration to a day far too remote
for the future security'and peace of the coun-
try. It is entirely immaterial so far as the
position I take is concerned, for I contend
that Congress has the power now as fully and
as completely in every respect as it could be
given to them by any amendment to the Con-
stitution, by general law, under the recent
amendment, to secure the reorganization of
the Government upon the basis of justice and
equality.
I believe it was the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] who said
that he did not expect to wait until there was a
change of heart in the southern people. I agree
with him, and more than that, I say that if we
wait until tho southern people shall learn to
love the Yankees and to hate slavery and to
love the Government by whose strong arm and
chastening rod they have been whipped into
obedience, the time will be long, and I fear so
far in the future, that in themeantime our long
and dangerous delay and our omission to use
the power we already clearly have might result
in a calamitous change of parties and in the
restoration of the rebellious States in a condi-
tion quite as objectionable as when they first
rebelled with all the chances and probabilities
of a future war and final separation.
1 hope that Congress will not attempt the im-
possible task of making the South love the
Union. but what I do hope, and what is reason-
able to hope, is that we shall remove forever the
causes which have divided us, and settle all dif-
ferences upon principles which will prevent any
cause of quarrel or division in the future, and
lay the foundation for perpetual peace and
union, and which can only be done upon the
principle of equality to all, and removing all
distinctions of class, race, color, or any pre-
vious condition growing out of the institution
of slavery.
Sir. by the bill which I presented I nail the
colors of universal suffrage to the masthead—
not in South Carolina or Georgia or Kentucky,
but I meet the vital issue of the hour, and pro-
claim that under the Constitution as amended
it is not only our right but our duty to extend
the suffrage to every American citizen in every
State, and to all the country subject to the
jurisdiction of the United States.
I also wish, by way of prelude to my argu-
ment, to remark that the questions at issue are
fundamental: they are organic, and we can
arrive at no correct conclusions without inves-
tigating all the rights—natural, civil, and polit-
ical—to vdiich every American citizen is enti-
tled.
It involves the settlement of several ques-
tions.
What is slavery?
What is freedom?
Who is a citizen ?
W ho makes, or how does a person become
a citizen?
What are the rights of a citizen?
How are the rights of a citizen secured to
him?
These questions are asked not in reference
to citizenship in some foreign Government, not
in reference to the common law, but in refer-
ence to the United States of America, where
we have founded a Government upon the basis
of equal laws and universal liberty. All these
questions I shall not answer in detail, but all
will be embraced in the positions I shall as-
sume. I will only remark generally that in the
united States, on account of the democratic
features thereof, all the terms I have used have
a instinctive national meaning, applicable to
our nation alone. For instance, Webster, in
. giving the various definitions to the word
"citizen," defines that in the United States
a citizen means '"a person, native or natural-
ized, who has tln> privilege of exercising the
elective franchise, or the qualifications which
enable him to vote for others and to purchase
and hold real estate." While I admit that in
law others than voters may be citizens, in this
country no man considers himself a full citizen
till he has the right to vote. The minor does
not consider himself free, "his own man,"
until he can vote. So of the foreigner; and by
universal consent the ballot is recognized as the
badge of the American citizen.
Since I introduced my biH, the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxer] has
introduced a bill in which he founds the right
to secure universal suffrage to all freemen in the
rebellious States upon that clause of the Consti-
tution which •'guaranties to every State a re-
publican government," and I understand him
to found his argument upon the idea that before
the adoption of the amendment to the Consti-
tution, Congress had power to enforce the pro-
visions of that guarantee in every State in the
Union. I am sorry to disagree with the hon-
orable gentleman, for the reason I have already
stated, that under the late Constitution of the
United States, as I understand it, our fathers
in an evil hour compromised, and recognized
the existence of slavery, and that under a de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United
States it was decided that a man who was a
slave, or wdio was the descendant of a slave, or
who was liable to be bought and sold, or who
was excluded from the society of our fathers at
the time the Constitution was adopted, was not
a citizen, and therefore under that decision the
States had the power to exclude black persons
from the exercise of the right of suffrage. The
Senator from Massachusetts is right, h owever,
in presenting that clause as part of his argu-
ment, because under the amendment abolish-
ing slavery no Stale constitution can be repub-
lican in form which disfranchises any citizen of
the United States. The bill of the distinguished
Senator is ob^jetionable because it is partial
and operates only upon the rebellious States.
All, however, turns upon the simple preposi-
tion contained in the bill which I have offered,
the guarantee to all citizens of their right- under
the recent amendment to the Constitution.
Then, sir. I come to the only proposition
which is feasible, and which, if not adopted bv
this Congress, will be by the next. I say this
with deference to others.
The recent amendment abolishes slavery in
all the States and Territories of the United
States ; not in South Carolina or Georgia alone,
but in Illinois and every other State, and by
that amendment, as I understand the dUtiif-
guished Senator from Kentuckv [Mr. Gi-ninji:]
to admit—and 1 honor and thank him for the
admission—all constitutions, laws, and civil reg-
ulations in support of slavery as a matter of
course fall to the ground. Congre-- bv this
amendment attempted, what? It undeitook ;c>
secure freedom to four million® of our p< oe!e
who had formerly been in bondage ; and ho*..-?
It has been asked, if slavery is already a'u>ii 1
and all laws and institutions growing out of
slavery fall to the ground, whv pass a lav. hv
Congress to enforce that proviCi.m of the t'm-
stitution? I will tell you why, Ih-can-'e a law
is necessary by the very terms of tin' second
clause of the amendment to ^i\e efff<*i
operation to thp clause aboliVhint;- .-lawn-.
"Congress shall have power," to do what?
"To enforce:" enforce what? Knfiree tin;
foregoing clause of the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery. How shall it enforce if? By legis-
lation. M' hat sort of legislation ? 1 !y '' a p;i;,.-
priate legislation. How " appropriate?" liv
legislation appro; iriato to the end in view. What
is the end in view? It is i he freedom of tht-ai
fourmillionhuman beings, whohavebeen eman-
cipated into the people of the United States.
My distinguished colleague asked the question,
