1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
2MI
ment if I cannot get the section excluded. But
I prefer not to stake the infinite good of the
remainder upon the uncertainty of ever incor-
porating the third section in the Constitution.
I desire now to cull the attention of the House
again to the question which I raised yesterday,
and to which my colleague [Mr. Banks] has
referred in the remarks which he made a short
time ago, namely, that of a possible contest
in the Electoral College. I do feel that the
question, notwithstanding the easy solution of
it to which he has arrived, has more of a serious
character in it than seems to have suggested
itself to his mind ; and with the indulgence of
the House I will endeavor to show it.
There is no legislation in the land upon the
subject. The only provision governing the
counting of the votes of the Electoral College
is in the Constitution itself; and it is in these
words:
" The President of the Senate shall, in thoprescneo
of the Senate and House of Kepresentativcs, open all
the certificates; and the votes shall thuu be counted."
But who shall decide, if there be a dispute,
whether a vote has come from a man legally
chosen ? There is no tribunal yet erected to
determine that fact. Chancellor Kent says
that it is casus omissus, a case that has not been
provided for by the framers of the Constitu-
tion ; that there is no provision in the laws or
the Constitution of the United States by which
that may bo determined. Whether or not it
bo beyond our power under the Constitution
to make such provision, certain it is that we
have made no such provision. Chancellor
Kent said upon this point, as reported in the
debate in connection with the very case which
has been cited by my colleague, that of the
Wisconsin vote in 185G, that it was a casus
omissus, and neither law nor the Constitution
itseif had provided a solution of the difficulty.
When the nation should be involved in such a
contest he trembled forthc result. He speaks of
it in his Commentaries in the following words:
" The Constitution does not express by whom the
votes are to be counted and the result declared. Ill
tho case of questionable votc3 and it closely con-
tested election, this power may be important; and I
presume, in the absence of all legislative provision
on the subject, that the President ol the Senate counts
the votes and determines the result, and that the
House are present only as spectators, to witness the
iairness and accuracy of the transaction."
Upon the occasion alluded to by my col-
league, Henry Winter Davis used this lan-
guage :
"Now,sir, no strict constructionist., or wide or loose
constructionist, can find any function confided to both
Houses together or to one separately, which enables
them to pass, preliminarily, upon the point whether
one vote shall be counted or another rejected. No
judgment lb called for at all. On the contrary, the
Const i tut ion carefully avoids asking for any judg-
ment by anybody upon a mere count."
The idea of referring this to the two Houses
in their separate capacity for solution involves
at once another difficulty. The two Houses in
their separate capacity act as legislators, and
legislators alone, and their functions are all
proscribed by the Constitution itself. This is
not one of them. They cannot as separate
bodies act upon the genuineness of the election
of a member of the Electoral Coliege, for they
have not been constituted for any such purpose
nor clothed with any such power. They are
not clothed with the judicial power of passing
upon the validity of an election of President
and Vice President; and suppose the Senate
conies to one conclusion and the House to
another, what is the result? Suppose the Sen-
ate in the Vv i:<consin case had determined that
Mr. Buchanan was elected and the House in
its separate capacity had determined that no
one was elected, the Constitution requires that
the House, thereupon, shall proceed imme-
diately, yes, immediately is the command of
the Constitution, without the concurrence of the
Senate, to choose a President. Then comes the
terrible peril in which this country will be
involved, the ordeal through which it will have
to pass where the House of Representatives
determine one way and the Senate the other.
I do not mean to say it is not within our
power under the Constitution to provide a tri-
bunal ; upon that question there is no occa-
sion to remark. I have only to say that as
yet 110 such tribunal h3o been provided. On
the occasion alluded to by my colleague it
was the opinion of learned men both in the
House and in the Senate that the country
barely escaped a revolution. They did not
decide, as I understood my colleague to say,
by passing into their respective Halls whether
the vote of Wisconsin should be counted or
not. The question was not decided, and re-
mains to be decided to this day. After being
in convention and witnessing the opening of
the votes, the Senate of its own motion left
this Hall and went into their separate Cham-
ber before the work was completed and there
undertook to complete by concurrent action,
by joint committee of the two Houses, what-
ever failed to be done here in the meeting of
the two bodies, growing out of the dispute
about the Wisconsin vote-
But, Mr. Speaker, they failed to accomplish
anything. Their resolution was laid upon the
table. So with a similar resolution in the
House. To-day it has not been decided whether
those votes of Wisconsin should be counted or
not. Now, suppose the disputed vote had de-
termined the result, and suppose the House
differed in its conclusion with the Senate of
the United States, and the House elected
one man President and the Senate declared
that another man was elected. It needs no
argument and no suggestion from me to show
the House the peril in which the nation would
have been involved, and all this in a time of
comparative peace. That is one objection
I have to the third scction in the proposed
amendment of the Constitution unions you erect
some tribunal to decide the question which
may be made. It increases that peril by in-
creasing the danger of a contest, and at a time,
too, when there is not yet peace. The embers
of war are still glowing. Still, as I said be-
fore, 1 am disposed to vote for it if that can-
not be stricken out, but I will give it my hearty
support, and so will every loyal heart, if not
embarrassed by that'clause.
Let me read, if I have a moment's time, what
was said by a distinguished gentleman who has
since been Governor of his State, Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, when the peace of our country
came so nigh being disturbed by the Wiscon-
sin case:
"The Constitution provides that the President of
the Senate, in the presence of the two Houses, shall
open all certificates, and thut the votes shall be
counted, and the person having the greatest num-
ber of votes for President shall "bo President of the
United States, if such number bo a majority of the
wholcimmberof electors appointed; and so in regard
to tho Vice President. The votes shall be opened in
the presence of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives and then counted. By whom? Theic is no pro-
vision of the Constitution, or of law, that they shall
be counted by the Senate or tho House, or by a joint
convention. Thoic has been no joint convention,
nor could there have beon any. The assemblage hero
could do nothing for which it had not the authority
of law, and there is no law authorizing the count of
these vote* by a joint convention, or prescribing the
rules and regulations to be observed therein. Itwas
the duty of the President of the Senate here, in tho
presence of the two Houses, to open the certificates,
and to cause the votes to be counted. The Houses
had directed how they were to bo eountcd. by a tell-
er appointed on the part of the Senate and two tell-
ers appointed on the part of tho House. These tell-
ers made the count, and here, in the presence of us
all, made their report to the President of the Senate;
and tho President of the Senate, in the presence ot
tho two Houses, and in exact conformity with the
provisions of tKo Constitution, did declare the whole
number of votes, and did declare who had tho major-
ity. Nothing but that could have been done. There
was no power on the part of the Senate, or on the pa,rt
of the House, to interfere with the execution of this
duty precisely as specified in the Constitution and
in the resolution of the the two Houses.
" I hold, therefore, that no motion whatever can bo
made, and thjit the meeting, under the Constitution,
the law of 1792, and the joint resolution, is functus
officio. I have no doubt, sir, that there is here a casus
omisiHs; that there is no law and no provision of the
Constitution by which anything can possibly be done
except what has been done by the President of the
Senate in presence of the two Houses. I hold that he
ruled aright-when he refused to entertain the motions
made to him, and when he announced from tbcc'n air,
in presence oftlie Senate, and to the House, what had
been declared to him by the tellers. That is all that ho
did, and all that he had authority todo. lam, at the
same time, very.elear that it is of the highest impor-
tance that thoro should be somo legislation on this
subject. AH that we can now do is to acquiesce in
the decision that has been made, and to set ourselves
to work immediately for the passage of a law which
will prevent any trouble or difficulty of this kind in
Juture. I received a letter but a few clays ago from
a gentleman eminent for his wisdom.and ability, who
states therein that the lato Chancellor Kent, of New
York, had told him that here was. clearly a camis
omijms; that there was no power, either in the House
or Senate, or in a joint convention, to interfere and
participate authoritatively in counting and declaring
the votes and deciding upon their validity; and he
said that the Chancellor added that he feared the time
might come when the country would be shaken to its
center on this point."
Mr. Seward and Mr. Collamer in the Senate,
on the same occasion, expressed similar views,
each declaring the impotoncy of the two Houses
or any tribunal known to the law to solve the
difficulty, and at the same time each rejoicing
at the escape irom peril which the immateriality
of tho vote in question had secured, but point-
ing out the terrible danger to which the nation
would be exposed if ever a material vote in
the Electoral College should be questioned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged question, and move that evening
sessions bo hereafter dispensed with. I do so
for the reason the House is so far ahead of tho
Senate that it is unnecessary for us to come
here at night, and for the further reason that
the reporters are utterly overwhelmed with
labor.
Tho motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to allow
mo one moment to say a word of reply to my
colleague.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am willing to yield if
it docs not come out of my time, otherwise I
must proceed. '
The SPEAKER. It will come out of the
gentleman's time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I beg the
House to remember that the three several meas-
ures reported by the committee on reconstruc-
tion must be considered together as an entirely
in order to determine the merit of the ques-
tion immediately involved before the House in
the adoption of the constitutional amendment.
I do not believe myself, sir, that the purpose
for which this committee was organized by the
House would be fully attained if nothing more
were to be done by the Congress of the United
States than simply to send to the people of the
several States the proposition reported by the
committee for the amendment of the Consti-
tution.
There are three measures, Mr. Speaker, and
not, as some gentlemen seem to argue, but one,
that have been reported by this committee.
The first of these measures is a condition-
precedent to the reorganization and restora-
tion to political power of any State lately in
insurrection. That measure has more than
once during this debate been lost sight of by
gentlemen who have spoken.
No State lately in insurrection, according to
one of the measures reported, in case it shall
become a law of tho United States, can ever
exercise political powers in this Union nntil
the pending constitutional amendment shall
first have become a part of the Constitution of
tho United States, by tho consent of the Legis-
latures of three fourths of the States now main-
taining their constitutional relations to the
Government, and by the subsequent consent
of the insurrectionary State itself, the State
also conforming its own constitution and laws
to all its requirements.
Additional to this there is yet another meas-
ure reported by the committee to which I attach
great importance, and to which I doubt not the
loyal people of this country of every section
will attach great importance. That is_ the bill
which disqualifies forever from holding any
office of honor or trust within the Republic
every leading and marked actor in the late
rebellion. By that bill the president and vice
president of the late confederate States so
