1-886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1581
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
so; and I am somewhat surprised at it, as I see
they have recommended a non-concurrence in
the same sort of thing in the next paragraph.
Here is an appropriation of $32,000. and in the
next paragraph an appropriation of $37,000,
$70,000 in round numbers, in all. I do not see
why the Committee on Appropriations should
recommend concurrence in one and non-con-
currence in the other. I hope they will both
be non-concurred in, and go to a committee of
conference. I do not see why they should be
divided.
Mr. KASSON. I will explain to the gen-
tleman why they should be divided. They are
under different laws. One is under the law of
1301, and the othgr under the laws of 1820 and
18G j.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One is
under the law of 1864, and the other under the
law of 1805. -
Mr. KASSO N. The main part of the appro-
priation we found related to (Sets done under
the law of 1820. Our committee had not in-
formation as full touching that as the other,
and we recommended concurrence in the first
and non-concurrence in the othe-.
The House was divided, ano". there were—
ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Sixth and a half amendment:
Insert the following:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
pay for sewers and paving in front of Government
property constructed bythecity of Washington, under
the act of May 15,1820, and for cleaning Pennsylvania
avenue. May 22 and 23, 1835, $37,420 61: Provided,
That no payment shall he made on account of any
appropriations herein contained to reimburse tho city
of Washington for improvements heretofore con-
structed in iront or through the public grounds, until
the items have been properly examined and audited,
as to legality and amount, by theproper officerof the
Treasury.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the following:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, the
public grounds around them, and around the executive
otlices, Pennsylvania avenue, and Four-and-a-half
street, So'J.UOO.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
For lighting the Capitol and President sllousc.the
public grounds around them, and around the execu-
tive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue, Bruise and
High streets in Georgetown. Four-and-a-half street.
Seventh and Twelfth streets across the Mall, and
Maryland avenue west, and Sixth sti cet south, $85,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the House will non-concur. When the matter
was up before it was fully discussed, and we
struck out the provision for lighting the streets
in Georgetown, reducing the appropiation from
$85,000 to $50,000. 1 do not see any reason
why we should change our action on the sub-
ject. 1 do not see why we should vote away
the public money to light the neighboring city
of Georgetown.
Mr. STEVENS. It is true the House re-
duced the appropriation from $85,000 to
$50,000, so that there was nothing to light
with from this to the end of the year. And it
is a question whether we should grope on in
darkness during that time, or restore the esti-
mate of $85,000. I do not care much about
it myself, but to these young men who go wan-
dering about town at night it would be very
dangerous 10 leave the city in darkness. [Laugh-
ter. J I hope, therefore, that in order to fur-
nish light, the amendment of the Senate will
be concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have not
seen any communication from the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings in regard to this
matter.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee on Appro-
priations sent for the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, and that was the account he gave us.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. The gen-
tleman has made no reply to what I said on
the subject of lighting the city of Georgetown.
I move to strike out the words "Bridge and
High streets, in Georgetown, Four-and-a-half
street, Seventh and Twelfth streets across the
Mall, and Maryland avenue west, and Sixth
street south."
Mr. STEVENS. Pennsylvania avenue runs
up to and connects with Bridge and High streets,
and they arc in Washington.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg the
gentleman's pardon. Bridge and High streets
are'in Georgetown, and not an inch nj Wash-
ington.
Mr. STEVENS. This is all on Pennsyl-
vania avenue.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Pennsylvania avenue only ext ends to the bridge.
_ Mr. STEVENS. There has been no time
since appropriations have been made for this
purpose at all that we have not appropriated
for the lighting of those streets.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. High street, in
Georgetown, is not even a continuation of
Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is one
of the lateral streets in Georgetown. I think
it is time we commenced a reform in regard to
this matter of lighting these cities. If the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania insists on having
this $85,000,1 suppose the House will vote it;
but I insist on my amendment to strike out
the words I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. That would strike out
Four-and-a-half street in this city.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will mod-
ify my amendment and move ouly to strike out
" Bridge and High streets in Georgetown."
Mr. GRINNELL. Will that leave Four-
and-a-half street still lighted?
The SPEAKER. Yes, that will leave Four-
and-a-half street lighted.
Mr. GRINNELL. Well, I want the Speaker
and myself to have light to go home by.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
these two cities stand on the same ground in
regard to this matter, and that if we light one,
we ought to light the other. 1 have the honor
to reside in Georgetown. High and Bridge
streets are public thoroughfares. I can see no
reason why Georgetown should be deprived of
light, and light given to Washington. If an
appropriation for lighting the one is just, an
appropriation for lighting the other is equally
JUMr. STEVENS. The argument of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Giuxxbll] applies just
as well to those who live in Georgetown as to
those who live on Four-and-a-half street.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I dp not
speak for myself at all; I go home before dark.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. MYERS. I desire the House to under-
stand that the appropriation which the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburxe] wishes to
strike out is to pay a debt already incurred.
The House will recollect that this appropria-
tion bill failed last year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
is a little too fast. I do not propose to touch
the amount of the appropriation at all.
Mr. MYERS. Then I have utterly misun-
derstood the object of the gentleman. I want
the House to understand that this money has
all been expended. The deficiency appropri-
ation bill failed, and in order to secure this
lighting of the city, a loan was made by bank-
ers and others here to the Gas-Light Company.
It is merely a question now whether we shall
return to them the amount which has been
spent.
Mr. HALE. I desire to inquire whether we
are now indebted to this gas company for the
lighting of Bridge and High streets. If so, we
ought to pay for it.
Mr. MYERS. Certainly; and that is what
I wish the House to understand.
Mr. ICASSON. I will say on this point that,
in accordance with uniform custom, this gas
has been consumed, and money has been raised
and paid to compensate for it, relying upon the
passage of this appropriation, as siipilar appro-
priations have been before made. The House
is aware that, owing to an unfortunate provis-
ion in it, this bill failed in the last Congress,
and the company have been obliged to go OH
furnishing the gas by borrowing money.
_ Now, I apprehend that, without the reten-
tion of these words in the bill, the vouchers
for the accounting officer could hot be settled
at the Treasury Department.
The question was taken on Mr.A\rASHB0RJ?E's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will offet
another amendment. I move to add to the
clause this proviso:
_ Provided, That hereafter Bridge and High streets,
m Georgetown, shall not be lighted at the publio
•expense.
I want to see what the gentleman from Iowa
has to say to that.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman from Iowa
has nothing to say to it, if the House ehoose3
to pass it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Why will
not the gentleman move to strike out the pro-
vision for lighting the streets of Washington
as well as those of Georgetown? If there is
any propriety in paying for the lighting of the
one, there is equal propriety in paying for the
lighting of the other. If you strike out the
appropriation for the one, strike out the appro-
priation for .both.
Mr.WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Iwillmodify
my amendment so as to read as follows:
Provided, That after the end of the present fiscal
year Bridge and High streets, in Georgetown, shall
not be lighted at the public expense.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend by adding after the word "George-
town" the words " and thecity of Washington."
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire whether there
are any public offices on Bridge or High street
in Georgetown which require to be lighted at
the public expense.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not one.
Mr. STEVENS. During the war the Gov-
ernment had largo stores there, and occupied
very large buildings, which were very well tilled;
and there was an absolute necessity then for
,sthe appropriation which was made. I am not
informed as to the present condition of affairs,
whether there is anything there more than the
post office and the custom-house. How tnuch
light they require I do not know. I know that
during the war there was great necessity for
this appropriation; I do not undertake to say
whether there is now or not.
Mr. 11 ALE. It seems to me that tho amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois ought-to
prevail.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Wasixbdrms's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
On page 15 strike out 1 ines three hundred and thirty-
two and tUiee hundred and thirty-threo, as follows:
For the protection and improvement of Franklin
square. $1,720.
.A nd insert in lieu thereof the following:
For the protection and improvement of Franklin
square, and for lighting Thirteenth and Fourteenth
streets, in front of said square, $5,000, to be expended
under the direction and superintendence of Wil-
liam Saunders, superintendent of the propagating
garden.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
On page 16 strike out the following;
For building sewer on Pennsylvania avenue, from
Seventeenth street to Twentieth street, §27,500.
The Committee 011 Appropriations recom-
i mended a concurrence in the amendment.
^ Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to ask the
| chairman of the Committee 011 Appropriations
why his committee concur in the amendment
of the Senate to strike out this appropriation
for the sewer between Seventeenth and Twen-
tieth streets. Sir, that sewer has been built,
and the Government is hound in honor and by
law to pay its proper proportion of the expense.
The Secretary of the Interior called upon Bid
