1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Yates.
Senate.
is it possible that we will set four million human
beings free in the United States and will not
guaranty to them the protection of their civil
rights? I extend the question, and I ask, shall
we set four million human beings free in the
United States and not extend to tliem their
political rights ? But it is said the. right to vote
is a mere political right. At the hazard of
being a little tedious I shall attempt to show
that civil and political rights, according to the
construction of the courts, are entirely synony-
mous. Wendell's Blackstone. volume one, page
123, says:
"And, therefore, the principal view of human law
is, or ought always to be, to explain, protect, and
cnforcc such rights as are absolute, which in them-
selves are few and simple; and then such rights as
arc relative, which arising from a variety of connec-
tions will be far more numerous and more compli-
cated."
Does any Senator on this floor say that there
is not the same duty to secure the relative or
political rights to the citizen that there is to
secure him in the enjoyment of his natural
rights? The reason why it is made the first
duty to secure to a man his natural rights is
because they are first simply in order. First,
natural rights from the necessity of the case,
and then the relative rights, which are more
numerous, are to be secured ; not that Sue is
more important than the other, no more than
in the orders of the Senate petitions are to be
considered as more important than the consid-
eration of bills because they are first intro-
duced. They are alike equally important, and
it is as much the fluty of ihe Government to
secure the political rights as it is the civil rights.
On page 125, Blackstone says:
"But every man when be enters into society gives
up apart of his natural liberty .is the part of so valu-
able a purchase, and in considei.ition of receiving the
advantage? of mutual commerce, obliges himself to
conform to those laws which the community has
thought proper to establish."
What is a civil right ? It is such a limitation
or extension of the natural right as is conferred
by statute. That makes it a civil regulation:
that makes it a civil law ; that makes it a civil
right. For instance, every man in a state of
nature lias a right to acquire, hold, and dispose
of property, but when the Legislature interposes
and by law says that he shall convey it by deed,
or that the first deed recorded shall be evidence
of title, that is a civil regulation. _
Now, let me ask you whether in a state of
nature, when men have organized themselves
into-a community, is it not the natural right of
every man to have a voice in the affairs of that
community? Is not that a natural right? If
he confers" that right upon representatives or
upon somebody else to administer, and a law is
passed declaring that he shall give expression to
that voice by the ballot, then it becomes both a
civil and political regulation at the same time.
Sii, go back to the days of our colonial history,
and in all our colonial assemblages, where our
forefathers met to discuss the affairs pertaining
to the colonies; where they fired their hearts
for the great Revolution in which they were
soon to be engaged, how did they decide all
matters of controversy? By a show of hands.
Each man raising his hand voted whether or
not the measure for taxation or for public im-
provement or for educational purposes or for
any other purpose should be adopted. When
it is proposed that he shall 'exercise that voice
by a statutory provision establishing a ballot,
does it become any less a natural right? Is it
any less a civil right? It is a natural, civil,
and political right.
But again, to show that this is a distinction
■without"a difference. I refer you to Blackstone,
on the same page, wherein he says:
" Political therefore, or civil liberty, which is that
of a member of societs', is no other than natural lib-
erty so far restrained by human laws (and no further)
as is necessary and expedient for the general advan-
tage of the public."
The meaning of that is, that civil and polit-
ical liberty are synonymous terms. Blackstone
applies the same definition to both. I hope I
shall be pardoned now if I refer to a deeision
of the Supreme Court which is conclusive upon
that point. I quote from Judge Daniels, one
of the assenting judges in the Dred Scott de-
cision. He says in 19 Howard, page 476:
''Hence it follows necessarily, that a slave, the pe~
culium<x property of a master, and possessing within
himself no civil nor political rights or capacities, can-
not bo a citizen. For who, it may be asked, is a cit-
i/.en ? "What do the character and status of citizen
import? Without fear of contradiction, it does not
import the condition of being private property, the
subject of individual power and ownership. Upon a
principle of etymology alone, the term citizen, as de-
lived from civitas, conveys the ideas ot connection or
identification with the State or Government, and a
participation of its junction:-:. But beyond this, there
is not, it is believed, to be found, in the theories of
writers on gov ernment or in any actual oxpeiiment
heretofore tried, an exposition of the term citizen
whieh lias not been understood as conferring the act-
ual possession and enjoyment or the perfect right of
acquisition and enjoyment of an entire equality of
privileges, civil and political."
He declares it to be not only his own opinion,
but that it is the universal opinion of all legal
writers upon the question, that by the term cit-
izen is meant one who is entitled to both civil
and political rights.
The object of the constitutional amendment
was to secure freedom to the slave and to those
who have suffered from the iftstitulion of sla-
very. It will not be pretended that Congress
ever meant to set four million slaves free, to
emancipate tliem into freedom, and at the same
time leave them without the civil and political
rights which attach to the free citizen. And
hence, sir, the Senate at this session have passed
the bill introduced by my colleague [Mr. Trum-
bull] to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights, and also to provide courts
and laws with adequate penalties for the vindi-
cation of those rights. It provides that "the
inhabitants, of every race and color, without
any regard to the previous condition of slavery,'1
shall have the same " right to make and enforce
contracts, to sue and lie parties and give evi- ■
denc-e, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and
convey real and personal property; and to full
and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for
the security of person and properly." Here,
sir, I contend,we have fully established the prin-
ciple, and upon the same principle have full
right and constitutional power to pass the bill
which I have proposed, protecting the inhabit-
ants, of every race and color, without regard to
any previous condition of slavery, in all their
civil and political rights, including the right of
suffrage.
The Dred Scott decision is referred to, to
show that the negroes are not citizens: but
that decision was made under the Constitution
of the United States before this amendment
was adopted. That decision, overturning, as
it did, the whole line of judicial authority, and
abhorrent to the civilization and Christianity
of the age m which we live, went so far as to
say that the negro at the period of the adop-
tion of tlie Constitution'had no rights which a
white man was bound to respect, and to lay
down the doctrine that slavery could go into all
the Territories of the United States, independ-
ent of popular sovereignty, of the will of the
people, or of the Constitution of the United
States. But, sir, that decision is wiped out:
it has gone down to a kindred doom with the
institution whieh it was intended it shouM pe* 
petuate; and I now quote from the decision
itself to show that under the existing state of
affairs, under the constitutional amendment. the
freedmen are citizens by the irresistible deduc-
tions and inferences from the Dred Scott de-
eision itself. In the celebrated case of Dred
Scott vs. Sanfnrd, which is reported in 19 How-
ard, page 404, is the following language: 1 read
! from the opinion of Chief Justice l'aney:
"The words, 'people of the United States' and
' citizens' arc synonymous terms and mean the same
thing. They both describe the political body, who,
according to our .'epubliean institutions, form tile
sovereignty, and who hold the power and conduct the
Government through their representatives. They are
what we familiarly call tho 'sovereign people, a.-/l
every citizen is one of this people and are constit-
uent members of this sovereignty."
Now, sir, if that was the case, why was Dred
Scott not a citizen ? We shall find out. The
deeision then proceeds to state why negroes
were not included as a portion of the people
and constituent members of the sovereignty:
"Because t'ocy were at that time considered as a
subordinate and inferior class of beings who had been
subjugated by the dominant race, and whether eman-
cipated or not, yet remained subject to their authority,
and had no right or privileges but such as those who
held the power and the Government might choose to
grant them."
Is not the inference irresistible that if by any
subsequeiitameudmeutofthe Constitution they
became a part of the people, they would be cit-
izens and entitled to th&same rights and privi-
leges with all the other citizens of the United
States ? The decision goes on to quote the
words of the Declaration of Independence :
" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that
all men are created equal," &c. The Chief
Justice then proceeds to comment on that
clause, as follows:
" The general words above quoted would seem to
embrace the whole human family, and if they were
used in a similar instrument at this day would be so
understood. But it is too clcar for dispute that tho
enslaved African race were not intended to be in-
cluded, and formed no part.of the people who framed
and adopted tin* Declaration; for if the language, as
understood at that (lay, would embrace them, the
conduct of the distinguished men who framed the
Declaration of independence wouldhave been utterly
and flagiandy inconsistent with the principles they
as=erted; and ir.steadof the sympathy of mankind, to
which they so confidently appealed, tliey would have
deserved and received universal rebuke and repro-
bation."
And now what shall be said of us at this day,
when they are clearly included in the terms of
the Constitution, and by special clauses therein
are made free people, if we fail to carry out the
full spirit and fair interpretation of the Consti-
tution of the United States with regard to this
long oppressed race of onrfellow-ciiizens? Will
we not be utterly and flagrantly inconsistent if
now, by the very terms of the Constitution, we
are required to treat them as people and as
citizens, and we fail to do so?
Mr. SAULSBURY. While the honorable
Senator is on this point, will he allow me to
put a question to him?
Mr. YATES. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBUKY. Under the registering
law of the State of Maryland more than one
half of the former voters of that State are ex-
cluded from the right of suffrage, although they
have never been convicted of any crime. Many
of the most prominent citizens of the State,
who have neverbeen convicted of crime, or sus-
pected by any fair-minded man of lia\ ing been
guilty of crime, are excluded from the right of
voting. Are those men, more than one half
the former voters of the State, who are now
excluded from voting in that State, citizens,
or are they not?
Mr. YATES. I will answer that question in
the course of my remarks, and will only make
the statement now, that neither any State in
this Unioij, nor the Congress of the United
States, has power under the Constitution or
under the decision of the Supreme Court to
deprive a citizen of the prerogative of the elect
ive franchise. That is the position I assume.
I have but just now read from the decision of
the Supreme Court, by Chief Justice Taney
himself, to show that the •'people'' of the
United States were the " citizens' of the Uni-
ted States. Who made the Constitution of the
United States ? " We the people'' ''do ordain
and establish this Constitution. ' ^Did 1he Con-
stitution make the people of theUnited States?
No. sir. The moment a man is_a freeman, bv
any law. by any constitution in the United
States, that man becomes one of tlie body-
politic. lie passes into the body ot the sov-
ereignty, as it is termed by the decision of
the Supreme Court. He is one of the people.
He is one of the citizens of the United States
of America; and as I shall presently show, no
Stale, 1101- Congress, except by constitutional
amendment, has any right whatever to deprive
a citizen entirely of tlie right of suffrage.
