1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3501
anchors, or on chains or cables, or parts of
cables."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out the words
"three cents" and insert "two cents;" so that
it will read, "on anchors, or on chains or
cables or parts of cables or chains, made of
iron-Tods more than five eighths of an inch in
diameter, two cents per pound." The present
duty on anchors is two and a quarter cents, and
on chains two and a half cents. I suppose this
will be ordinarily about one hundred per cent.
ad valorem. I am not aware what the present
price is, but in ordinary times they make chains
in England for three or four cents a pound, and
frequently less. Therefore two and a half cents
a pound duty is nearly one hundred per cent. I
do not know why this increased rate of three
cents per pound is proposed. These chains are
used for ships that have no protection in this
tariff bill or any other. You oblige ships to
pay enormously for a protection in which they
do not share. Your ship goes into the port of
New York or Liverpool upon the precise terms
in every particular upon which an English ship
goes there. Your own ship gets no advantage
whatever. And now the proposition is that
the ship-owner shall pay to the Pennsylvania
iron manufacturer one hundred per cent, ad
valorem for the purpose of fitting out his vessel
with anchors and cables. I protest that this is
wrong. Canada, which is as protective in its
way as we are, remits all duties on articles that
' go into a ship. At the proper time I shall pro-
pose the same thing. But it does seem to mo
that while we protect one interest we should
not, for the purpose of exaggerating that pro-
tection, sacrifice another and equally important
one. And now, while in our internal revenue
law we are lessening the burden on iron, when
we can produce it cheaper under the present
internal revenue bill, why should we enlarge
the foreign duties? I hope the Committee of
"Ways and Means will make no opposition to
this amendment.
Mr. MOItRILL. I always like to see a gen-
tleman vigilant in relation to the interest of
his constituents, and my friend from Maine
is never lacking in that particular.
Mr. PIKE. Neither is my friend from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. MORRILL. In relation to this matter
the gentleman is very slightly mistaken. In
the first place ships are protected because we
do not allow foreign ships to come here and
get American registers at all. In the next place
they are protected because foreign ships are not
permitted to engage in our coasting trade. And
I will say in regard to this very article that the
last time I knew anything about its manufac-
ture the tariff was raised specially to favor an
establishment in the State of Maine struggling
for life. We were glad to see that there was
one single establishment in the whole country
that needed protection in the manufacture of
the article, and that that establishment was in
the State of Maine.
Another thing connected with this matter.
It is well that these articles should be protected
even for the benefit of the commerce of the
country. Most of these miserable chains that
are imported at the prices named by the gen-
tleman will not hold a vessel. They refuse to
use them in England but send them to us. A
large part of the shipwrecks which occur are
caused by the parting of weak cables such as
will not stand the admiralty test used in Eng-
land. Let us encourage something bettor.
Mr. GT11SW0LD. I move, pro forma, to
strike out "three," in line onehundred and
sixty-five, and insert in lieu thereof "four."
I do it more particularly for the purpose of
informing the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] that if he were at all familiar with the
struggle which there has been heretofore to
establish this branch of manufacturing in this
country he would not make the .proposition
which he has made. I wish to say that for the
last twenty years every effort that has been
made to establish manufactories of chains that
will compete with the English chains has tailed;
and the few establishments of that kind in the
country, unless they have this protection, will
certainly come to grief. I trust the gentleman
will not press an amendment which is not in
conformity with the policy that has been adopted
here with regard to manufactures generally.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] says that our shipping is pro-
tected by receiving American registers. Will
he tell me what difference it makes to a ship-
owner, when he pays the same insurance and
receives the same freight, whether he has an
American or an English register? Under either
he is protected by the Government under which
he sails. It is a new idea that our ships want
to engage in the coasting trade. There are but
two trades in this country of the slightest con-
sequence. The one is the California trade and
the other is the trade with New Orleans, and
neither of them is a " drop in the bucket" as
compared with the general trade of the world.
The gentleman says that the object is to
secure good chains. I suppose I cannot in-
struct liim upon this subject; but allow me to
say that American ships do not use American
chains ; that seven eighths of the chains they
use are foreign, and, therefore, the only effect
of this provision is to tax the shipping in-
tsrest
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question was taken on Mr. Pike's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On chains made of iron rods not more than five
eighths of an inch in diameter, and not less than
three eighths of an inch in diameter, three and one
half eents per pound; on chains made ot iron rods
less than three eighths of an inch in diameter, and
not less than one fourth of an inch in diameter, four
cents per pound; on chains made of iron rods less
than one fourth of an inch in diameter, and not less
than number nine wire gauge, live cents per pound;
on chains made of iron rods le.--s than number nine
wire gauge, live cents per pound, and, m addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem; on black-
smith's hammers, stone hammers, sledges of all de-
scriptions, wholly or partially finished, four cents per
pound.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofiei.d re-
ported that the Committee of the W hole on
the state of the Union, according to order,
had had under consideration the bill of the
House (No. 718) to provide increased reve-
nue from imports, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill (S. No. i'l'i) further to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes, asked a confer-
ence with the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Messrs. Chandler, Mokiui.l, and Coxness the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, House
bill No. 1G3, entitled "An act for the relief
of Joseph Parkins."
The message further anounced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bill No. 450, entitled
"An act to extend the benefits of section four
of an actmaking appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June SO, lyGfi,
approved March 3, 1805," withanamendment,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested: _
An act (S. No. 361) to authorize VV. J. Sib-
ley, and others, trustees, to sell and convey lot
number nine, in square number seventy-six, in
the citv of Washington;
An 'act (S. No. '227) to incorporate tire
Washington Glass Company: and
Joint resolution (S. No. 39) to refer the
claim of the administrator of Richard W.
Meade, deceased, to the Court of Claims.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Dills, reported that the committee
had examined and Sound truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles j
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 210) granting certain lands
to the State of Michigan t.o aid in the construc-
tion of a ship-eanal to connect the waters of
Lake Superior with the lake known as Lac La
Belle, in said State;
An act (S. No. 30) to create an additional
land district in the State of Oregon;
An act (S. No. 193) granting lands to the
State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of a harbor and ship-canal at Portage Lake,
Keweenaw Point, Lake Superior, in said State;
and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 163) for the
relief of J oseph Parkins.
fheedmen's bureau.
The SPEAKER announced that he bad
appointed Messrs. Eliot, Bingham, and Mc-
CiiT.Lonon to constitute the committee of con-
ference on the part of the House upon the bill
(H. R. No. (513) entitled "An act to continue
in force and to amend an act to establish a
Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and Refu-
gees, and for other purposes."
northern' kansas itailro\t>.
The SPEAKER also announced that he bad
appointed Messrs. Loan, Clarke of Kansas,
and Ei.iuudge, to-constitute the committee of
conference on the part of the House upon the
bill (S. No. 14">) entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Northern Kansas railroad and
telegraph."
committee 01' conference appointed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the Senate requesting a con-
ference 011 the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 222) turther to
prevent smuggling.
No objection being made, the conference
was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. IHGBY. 1 believe that the Committee
on Public Lands is entitled to the moriiinghour*
to morrow, and I suggest that it be permitted
to yield that hour, and that the House proceed
with the consideration of the tariff bill, with the
understanding that the committee have two
hours after the tariff bill is concluded.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
united states courts.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent,, from the
Committee on the Judiciary reported back, with
amendments, a hill to establish judicial courts
of the United States, approved September 24,
17H9, and moved that the same be recommitted
and ordered to be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the register of,
and certain papers in relation to, the bark
And then, on motion of Mr. CONKLING,
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented,under
the rule and icferred to the appropriate committees:
Bv Mr BANKS: The memorial ot A. W. Allen.
andW. Kirby, of Washington, praying lor tho as-
si^nment to them of a jiu>t proportion ot the reward
ottered by the authorities for the apprehension ot
Booth, tho assassin.
Also the memorial of General Joseph G-. Ramsay,
lion Francis K. Spinner, and many others, lor tho
appropriation of land for a public park in the city
° By Mr^BHOOilALL: The petition of citizens of
Chester county, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking-
such a change in the taiitf and tax laws as will pro-
tect domestic industry.
