1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
this morning to know wily it was stricken out.
I think the amendment of the Senate should
not be concurred in. Let the matter go to a
committee of conference and they will ascertain
the facts. It is a just claim, and it should be
paid by the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. We had no informatiou
that this work- had been done, and that this
was an appropriation to pay the G-overnment's
share of the expenses. It appears in the esti-
mates as an original appropriation for the pur-
pose of constructing this work, and when the
Senate saw proper to strike it out we thought
it rather a prudent step, and we did not think
that we ought to resist this measure of econ-
omy when the Senate, after examining into the
matter, had come to that conclusion. Hence
it is that we have recommended a concurrence
in the Senate's amendment.
I will say this, that we are now preparing
another appropriation bill of this kind for the
present year, and if this be merely a deficiency
for work which has been done and not paid for,
we can put it into that bill, which will be the
more appropriate place for it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Insert before the appropriation for the Attorney
General's office the following:
Oflice of Secretary of State:
For publication of the l;iws, -S3,900.
For oxtv;i. clerk hire. $8,000.
For the pay of the United States commissioners,
and for the pay of the United States surveyor, and
for incidental expenses in the execution of the duty
assigned to the joint commission appointed under the
first article of the i« iproeity treaty between the Uni-
ted States and Iti-c.i t Iliitain of the 5th t t'Jalio, 1854,
from Novemberl, 1865, to March, IBiJO, and for draft-
ing and compilation of tho linal chart, showing the
places "reserved from tho common liberty ol fish-
inj?," their limits and description, SI,500, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended that the amendment be concurred in.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to make a few re-
marks upon this amendment, and in order to
do so it may bo necessary for me to submit an
amendment pro forma.
The SPUAKKR. The gentleman can dis-
cuss the amendment for five minutes upon the
question of concurring.
Mr. BROOKS. I apprehend the gravest
difficulties may arise hereafter upon the matter
of these fishing grounds. I look to the future
with the greatest dread: and I avail myself of
this oppoi(unity to call the attention of the
House and of f,lu> eeuutryto the perilous situa-
tion wc arc likely to lie in with regard to Great
Jiritain,in tho conflict bet ween oiirowntisherinen
and the fishermen of .Nova Scotia, New Urun«-
wick, and Prince Edward's Island upon these
fishing grounds. The best offish are caught near
the shore; especially No. 1 mackerel. It is a
matter of history that the fishermen of Maine,
of Massaehu setts, as well as of other States, will
push their fishing bonis, nomattcrwhat maybe
the law, within the three miles wlncli are forbid-
den by the law of nations, and that they claim to
fish upon these forbidden grounds. Conflicts
of the most perilous character have arisen
hitherto 5 and at one time we were upon the,
very eve of war with Great Britain in reference
to these fisheries.
The rumor is now afloat, and in all proba-
bility it is a rumor having great foundation,
that a iishiug vessel is already being prepared
upon the Atlantic coast, completely armed with
the best of ordnance and the best of rifles, and
manned by the bravest and boldest Irishmen
connected with the Fenian organization, to fish
within or near tho prohibited grounds. I think
it the duty of this House, I think it the duty of
this Government, to take notice of rumors like
thi-3, and by an armed police ujion those waters
endeavor to preserve us from the peril of a war
with a foreign Power, in which we would be
violating a treaty and the law of nations, unless
we cease to invade the right of fishing within
thm) milfs of the British coast.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say that I have |
heard something about these rumors. But I j
noticed in the columns of the Globe the other !
day, the introduction of a resolution by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike, J which, it
seems to me, would be the best refutation of
these rumors. It proposed to instruct the Sec-
retary of the Navy to send a portion of our
iron-clad fleet down in that direction. And I
hope the bold seamen of Massachusetts and
Maine will pursue their vocation upon that
coast to the utmost verge of their right. And
I hope, if they are opposed, our ships will be
there to protect them. I deny that any treaty
made under God*s heaven can take from our
fishermen the right to fish in any part of the
Atlantic ocean. That is all I have to say on
this subject. If a war is to come, let it come.
Air. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I do not
propose to address myself to that particular
portion of this provision to which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] referred.
But I would like to have some information in
regard to this item of $8?000 for extra clerk
hire in the office of the Secretary of State. The
Committee on Appropriations recommend a
concurrence in this amendment. Now, before
I can vote for it, I desire to have some infor-
mation in regard to this subject of extra clerk
hire.
Mr. STEVENS. All the information I have
is that the head of the State Department thinks
that owing to the very large amount of business
thrown upon that Department this amount of
clerk hire is necessary. I have no knowledge
myself as to what is the necessity for it. But I
have such great confidence in the head of that
Department, that I am willing to take his word
for anything—that I know to be correct.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will not concur in this amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
In the second paragraph relating to the officc of
tho Attorney General, strike out the word "fifteen "
and insert the words " three thousand five:" so that
the elausc will read:
- For deficiency in appropriation for contingent ex-
penses, $3,500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend that the amendment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
On page 18, insert after line four hundred and five
the following:
For stationery, furniture. a«d other contingencies,
• and fur books and maps for the libnuy of the Interior
Department, §3,000.
For compensation for temporary clerks in the Pen-
sion Bureau tor tho current fiscal year, 820,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
On page 19, strike out in lines four hundred and
forty-five and tour hundred and forty-six the follow-
ing words: " Sec letter of Commissioner dated Octo-
ber 31, 3805;'* po that the paragraph will read:
For making good the aggregate differences between
tho original rates of salaries paid the clerks and em-
ployes of the Census Office, before they were as-
signed to the General Land Office, from June 1 to
December 31,18(55, §2,450 31.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
On pnsre 20, after line four hundred and sixty-one,
insert fhe lolloping:
For compensation of one Government commis-
sioner, Central Pacific railroad, appointed agreeably
to act of July 1, 1862, and amended act of July 2,
180-t, and instructed by the Secretary of the Interior
to attend meeting' of board of Government directors,
commissioners, and engineer, at "Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, January 10,1865, for purpose of
fixing standard of railroad, to which the Pacific rail-
road and branches shall conform, seventy-five days,
at eight dollars per day, $600.
.For mileage ot said commissioner from San Fran-
cisco to Washington, six thousand five hundred and
sixty-nine miles, and back at ten cents per mile,
SI,313 80.
For compensation of five Government directors
wfhile attending meeting of board of Government
directors, commissioners, and engineer, for purposes
above stated, ten days, at eight dollars per day
each, $400. ,
For mileage of the same from their residences to
Washington and back, &700.
For mileage of Government engineer from Cincin-
nati, Ohio, to Omaha, Nebraska, and thence toWash-
ington, in July, 1865, directed by the President of tho
United States to examine and report upon Union
Pacific railroad routes west from Omaha, two thou-
sand nine hundred and two miles, at ten cents per
mile, $290 20.
For mileage of the same from "Washington to New
York and back, in August, 1865, on jiceount of Union
Pacific railway, two hundred and twenty-five milea
each way, at ten cents per mile, forty-five dollars.
For compensation of three Government commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the United
States agreeably to act of July 1,1862, to examine
forty miles of Union Pacific railroad, eastern divis-
ion, (Kansas branch,) in May, 1865, fourteen days,
at eight dollars per day each, $336.
For mileage of the same, at ten cents per mile,
$200.
For compensation of two Government commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the United
States to reexamine forty miles Union Pacific rail-
road, eastern division, in October, 1865, thirty-ono
days, at eight dollars each per day. $496.
For mileage, at ten cents per mile, §500.
For compensation andmileageof onecommissioncr
of Union Pacific railroad, and of one commissioner
of Union Pacific railroad, eastern division, appointed
by the President agreeably to act of July 1, 1862, and
amended act of July 2,1864, during three examina-
tions of railroad before closc of fiscal year, twenty
days ^ach, at $400 each examination for each road,
in all six examinations, $2,700.
For compensation and mileage of three commis-
sioners of Central Pacific railroad, appointed by the
President agreeably to act of July, 1, 1862, and
amended act of July 2, 1864, during three exami-
nations of road before close of fiscal year, at SI,050
each examination, $3,150.
For compensation and mileage of commissioners
to examine portions of railroads reported completed
according to law, to which grants of land inure,
$2,500.
For pay, subsistence, and transportation of survey-
ing party required by act approved July 1,1862, to
make the surveys to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States to fix the point on the one hundredth me-
ridian of longitude, between the south margin of the
valley of the llepublican river and the north margin
of the valley of the Platte river, at which the several
branch roads shall converge and meet tho Union
Pacific railraad, $20,000.
# For drawing instruments, mapping material, sta-
tionery, &c., $150.
For cost of completingbridgoover Big Sioux, Ver-
million, and Dakota rivers, and Government wagon
road from Sioux City, Iowa, to Fort Randall, Dakota
Territory, $20,000.
For commutation of quarters and fuel to officers of
corps of Engineers, United States Army, in charge of
engineer office, Department of the Interior, agreea-
bly to Army regulations, from 1st August, 1865, to
June 30,1866, to be paid by Department of the Inte-
rior, agreeably to Army regulations, SI,137 6k
For contingencies, $3,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PRICE. Itwillbeobserved,Mr. Speaker,
that this amendment provides for the payment
of the commissioners appointed under the act
of Congress of Julyl, 1862, to examine the
Union Pacific railroad. It also provides for
the pay of the surveying party required by the
same act to make the necessary surveys for fix-
ing the point of junction on the one hundredth
meridian of longitude, ''at which the several
branch roads shall converge and meet the Union
Pacific railroad." It is very clear that while
the law makes provision that this work shall be
done, some provision should be made for the
payment of those who do it. If it is wrong to
make these payments, that wrong should be
corrected by a law to operate in the future; it
could not justly operate with reference to the
past. I hope, therefore, that the recommen-
dation of the committee will not be adopted, but
that we shall concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I concur with the
remarks of my colleague, [Mr. Price.] The
appropriations embraced in this amendment
are proper and ought to be made. The law
provides for the appointment of these commis-
sioners, but makes no provision for their pay-
ment. They are appointed by the President
of the United States. They are not officers of
the railroad company ; they are not connected
with it. There is no relation between them
and the railroad company, except so far as
their duties as commissioners under'the ap-
pointment of the President bring them into
connection with that company. They have
done their work, and arc entitled to pay. The
only question is. who shall pay them ? The law
makes no special provision for their payment;
but under the general terms of their appoint-
ment, the presumption is that they must be
