518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
January 31,
sue to move, or will he himself move, that these
amendments be printed?
Mr. ELIOT. I think it would be well, by
general consent, to have the substitute printed.
Mr. THAYER. I move, then, that the
amendments be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Pike in
the chair.) If there be no objection, it will be
so ordered.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWSON obtained the floor.
evening session.
Mr. STEVENS. Before my colleague [Mr.
Dawson] goes on, I dcsiro to move, with his
consent, that the House meet at half past seven
o'clock this evening for the purpose of allowing
members to deliver speeches in Committee of
the Whol  on the state of the Union upon the
President's message, with the understanding
that no other business shall be transacted.
Several gentlemen desire an opportunity to
speak, and I hope that there will be no objec-
tion to my proposition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
has heard the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] If there be no
objection, it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope now that the House
will take a recess till this evening, and give my
colleague an opportunity to speak on this bill
in the morning.
land surveys ix california.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Interior be re-
quested to furnish this House with a statement show-
ing, first, tho amount paid by tho United States for
the survey of public lands in the State of California:
second, when such surveys of land were made; and
third, how much has been received by tho Govern-
ment from the sales of public lands in said State.
index 03? executive documents.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution for reference to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Clerk of tho House be direeted
to prepare a digested index of tho executive docu-
ments and reports of committees of tho House of
Representatives from 1830 to tho close of the present
Congress, to correspond with the index of the same
documents iroin the commencement of the Govern-
ment to the close of the Twenty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object to this resolution if it is offered simply
for reference.
Mr. BANKS. That is all.
There being no objection to the introduction
of the resolution,
Mr. BANKS moved that L' be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
national board of trade.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce bo
requested to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing by law a National Board of Trade.
I ask that a letter explanatory of this resolu-
tion may be read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
representatives of j. e. martin.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of the le«al repre-
sentatives of J. E. Martin, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
rebel persecutions in kentucky.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition of sundry citizens of Ken-
tucky, asking relief from persecution and mal-
treatment by the rebels in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Ju- I
diciary. I
"hans seivers. i
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro- j
duced a joint resolution for the relief of Hans i
Seivers, a private in company A, fourteenth
regiment Iowa volunteer infantry; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
district jail.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be directed to inquire whether any
further legislation is necessary to secure the comfort
and safety of the inmates of the jail in the District of
Columbia, and make their labor available, so as to
reduce the expenses to the Government, and report
by bill or otherwise.
And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER,
(at five minutes to four o'clock p. m.,) the
House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock p. m., (Mr. Grinnell in the
chair.)
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, it
is very evident, from present indications, that
the House is going to be thin to-night. It is
known to all that the President gives a recep-
tion, and I suppose that members are absent
this evening for the purpose of attending it;
and in order to give the few now here an op-
portunity also to attend it, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 2,
noes 2.
The SPEAKER pro tempore voted in the
affirmative; and the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at seven o'clock and thirty-
three minutes p. in.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 31, 1866.
Prayer by Itev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Navy, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of March!), 1805, a copy
of the record of' a board of Navy officers ap-
pointed to inquire into and determine how much
the vessels of war and steam machinery con-
tracted for by the Department in the years 180:2
and 1803 cost the contractors over and above
the contract price and allowances for extra
work ; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval A ffairs, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE presented a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communica-
tion addressed to that Department on the 1th of
November last by the Quartermaster General
of the United States Army, and a report thereon
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, respecting the groat overland trail from
Leavenworth west: which was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Houston, Texas, praying for the construction
of a railroad across tho Indian Territory, from
the south line of Kansas to the Red liver : which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of persons
engaged in the coal trade upon the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers, and their tributaries, praying
that the enrollment acts of the United States
may be so amended as to exempt from their
provisions all coal-boats, eoal-barges, and coal-
flats which are used exclusively for carrying
coal to market and not as common carriers;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of M. N.
Radovich, praying payment for the charter of
his boat Diana from April 27, 1862, to October
28, 1862, taken possession of by order of Ad-
miral D. Q-. Farragut at New Orleans, for the
conveyance of troops, and for payment for the
value of the boat, it having been lost in the
Government service; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of persons en-
gaged in the coal trade on the Ohio river, pray-
ing for an appropriation for the improvement
of the navigation of that river between Pitts-
burg, Penhsylvania, and Buffington Island,
West Virginia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
citizens of Orono, Maine, remonstrating against
the renewal of the so-called reciprocity treaty;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. BROWN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Missouri, in favor of a grant of
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Kansas City in that State, connecting northwest
Missouri with Galveston. Texas, and also of a
grant of lands to aid in the construction of the
southwest branch of the Pacific railroad from
the western boundary of Missouri to the Pa-
cific ocean; which were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, in favor of an appro-
priation for the erection in the bay of New York
of a hospital for the reception of sick, and
warehouses for the storage of goods and mer-
chandise arriving in the port of New York iL
vessels subject to quarantine; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition
of William C. Anderson, jr., of Missouri, pray-
ing for the passage of an act to enable him to
settle the accounts of the late William C. An-
derson, pension agent at St. Louis, Missouri;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a memorial of the officers
and members of the Mining Board of Gilpin
county, Colorado, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of any law affecting the present status of
mining claims and titles; which was referred to
the Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of pho-
tographers of Jacksonville and Springfied, Illi-
nois, praying for a repeal of the law requiring
the use of stamps on photographs, and for a
reductionoftheirlicensefee; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of a grant of lands
and money to aid in the construction of the San
Francisco and Washoe railroad and the Placer-
ville and Sacramento railroad ; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I present, Mr. Presi-
dent, with pleasure, the petition of one hundred
and twenty-four beautiful, accomplished, and
intelligent ladies of the city of Lawrence, Kan-
sas, praying for an amendment of the Constitu-
tion that shall prohibit the several States from
disfranchising any of their citizens on account
of sex. As the petition is very brief and re-
spectfully worded, I ask that a gallant Senate
may hear it read.
There being no objection, the Secretary read
the following petition:
A PETITION FOR UNIVERSAL SUFFRAGE.
To tlte Senate and House of Representatives:
The undersigned, women of the United States, re-
spectfully ask an amendment of the Constitution that
shall prohibit the several States from disfranchising
any of their citizens on the ground of sex.
In making our demand for suffrage, wo would call
your attention to the fact that we represent fifteen
million people—one half the entire population of tho
country—intelligent, viituous. native-born American
citizens; and yet stand outside the pale of political
recognition.
The Constitution classes us as "free people," and
counts us whole persons in the basis ot representa-
tion; and yet are we covorned without our consent,
compelled to pay taxes without appeal, and punished
for violationsof lawwithoutchoiceof judgeor juror.
The experience of all ages, the declarations of the
fathers, the statute laws of our own day, and the
fearful revolution through which we have, just passed,
all prove the uncertain tenure of life, liberty, and
property so long as the ballot—tho only weapon of
self-protection—is not in the hand of every citizen.
Therefore, as you are now amending the Constitu-
tion, and in harmony with advancing civilization,
placing new safeguards round the individual rights
of four million emancipated slaves, wa ask th^t you
extend the right of suffrage to woman, the only
