THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
By Mr. BUNDY: The petition of General W. H.
Powell, J. H. Allison, and 118 others, citizens of
Lawrence connfy, Ohio, for an increase of the tariff
to prevent the labor of this country from being sub-
jected to the ruinous competition with the pauper
labor of Europe.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of Amos More
anc^ others, leather manufacturers of Ohio, praying
for a reduction of the revenue tax.
By Mr. GRIDER: £ho memorial of the Southern
Pacific railroad, asking right of way and grant of
lands to aid in the construction of a railway from El
Paso to the Pacific coast.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The petition of
more than 2,000 people of Illinois, for railway bridge
over Mississippi river at Quincy, Illinois.
Also, one from Brown county, Illinois,"on the same
subject.
By Mr. KASSON: The petition of Hon. Joseph
Segar, for compensation for his property, near For-
tress Monroe, taken for the use of the United States,
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of 64 citizens
of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, for protection
of home labor to the extent of the difference between
the value of capital and wages abroad and at home,
with the addition of the internal duties levied on
American industrial products.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 30, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT" pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Connecticut
in favor of a donation of lands by Congress to
endow female colleges in the several States;
which were ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of Sa-
bisia Himpelman, widow of the late Julius Him-
peiman, a private in company H, forty-sixth
regiment New York volunteers, praying for a
pension j which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of J.
T. Clouse, and others, citizens of the United
States, praying for an increase of the duties on
imported goods; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
park and presidential mansion.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to:
Ilemloeil, That tlie Committee on Public Buildings
•anil Grounds be directed to inquire what tracts of
land. containing not less than one hundred acres,
adjoining or very near this city, can be obtained, and
for what prices, for a park and site for a presidential
mansion, and.which shall combine convenience of
access, hcalthfulness, good water, and capability of
adornment.
alfred elmore.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Whereas Alfred Elmore, who has recently been
nominated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate as collector of customs at Mobile, in the State
of Alabama, is alleged to have held office under the
late confederate government, and also to have other-
wise given aid and support to the same, and there
Kemlved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to the Senate a duly cer-
tified copy of the official oath taken by said Elmore
as such collector.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
No objection being interposed, the resolution
is before the Senate.
Mr. POLAND. I desire merely to say that
I have offered this resolution at the request of
prominent Union men in the State of Alabama,
who assure me that this Mr. Elmore who has
been appointed collector at Mobile rendered
service in a military way to the rebel govern-
ment, and also held office under it; and they
say that if it be true that he has taken the oath
which the law provides for all officers, he has
committed the crime of perjury; and they
desire to obtain official, certain information as
to whether he has taken the oath, and if he
has they desire to prosecute him. That is the
object in offering the resolution.
Mr. HOWE. I have no sort of objection
to the adoption of the resolution. I think it
proper to say, however, inasmuch as that nom-
ination was confirmed on a recommendation
of the Committee on Commerce, and inasmuch
as it was considered very fully not only once
but two or three times by the committee, that
this is the first time I have heard that Mr.
Elmore ever rendered any service to the so-
called confederate government in a military
capacity. I never heard of his having occupied
but one office, and that was the office of cleric
of the House of Representatives of Alabama.
It was upon a supposition that he could not'
take the oath because he had held that office
that the committee were at first inclined to
withhold their recommendation to his confir-
mation, and did withhold it. We were subse-
quently led to believe, we saw in fact that the
constitution, of the State of Alabama did no't
seem to require any oath on the part of the
officers of the House of Representatives to sup-
port the constitution of th,e confederate States,
or any other oath in the world except simply
to support the constitution of the State of Ala-
bama, and we supposed he had never acted in
any sort of alliance with the rebellion.
The resolution was agreed to.
thomas w. stevens.
Mr, HARRIS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 385.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 885) for the relief of Thomas W. Stevens
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Thomas W. Ste-
vens of $1,025 50 on account of services as in-
spector of customs at the port of Albany from
the 1st day of March, 1862, to the 1st day of
of April, 1863.
Mr. GRIMES. What committee reports that
bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
miitee on Claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON. Imove to take up the Freed-
men's Bureau bill that has come back from the
House of Representatives, with a view to the
appointment of a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments disagreed
to by the House of Representatives to the bill
(H. R. No. 613) to continue in force and to
amend an act to establish a Bureau for the Re-
lief of Freedmen and "Refugees, and for other
purposes.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate in-
sist on its amendments disagreed to by the
House, and agree to the conference asked by
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate be appointed
by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent ; and the President pro tempore appointed
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Nesmith the
committee on the part of the Senate.
railroad from i'ort riley to fort smith.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A week or two since
the Senate passed a bill in relation to a railroad
in Kansas. I did not support that measure;
but there is a branch road connecting with
that, and forming part of the same system,
which ought to go to the House in connection
with that bill. I speak of the road from Fort
Riley to connect with the road which was pro-
vided for a week since. The two measures
ought to go together to the House, to be con-
sidered there as they were considered by the
Sfenate committee, as at the southern bound-
ai-3' line of Kansas they form one road thence
south in the direction of Fort Smith. I move,
therefore, to take tip Senate bill No. 224, with
a view of passing it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think there can
be any objection to the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill- (S. No, 224) to aid in the con-
struction pf a southern bratich of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph, and to secure
the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes.
The Committee on Public Lands, to whom
the bill was referred, had reported it-back with
an amendment, which was to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause and in
lieu of it to insert the following:
That for the purpose of aiding the Union Pacific
Railroad Company., southern branch, the sarno being
a corporation organized under the laws of the State
of Kansas to construct and operate a railroad from
Fort Riley, Kansas, or near said military reservation,
thence down the valley of the Ueosho river to the
southern line of the State of Kansas, with a view to
an extension of the same through a portion of the
Indian Territory to Fort Smith, Arkansas, there is
hereby granted to the State of .Kansas, for the use
and benefit of said railroad company every alternate
section of land or parts thereof designated by odd
numbers, to the extent of ten sections per mile on
eaeh side of said road; but in case it shall appear
that the United States have, when the line of said
road is definitely located, sold any section, or any
part thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the right of
preemption or homestead settlement has attached to
the same, or that the same has been reserved by tho
United States for any purpose whatever, then it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause
to be selected for tho purposes aforesaid, from the
public lands of the United States nearest to the sec- .
tions above specified, so much land as shall be equal
to the amount of such lands as the United States
have sold, reserved, or otherwise appropriated, or to
which the right of homestead settlement or preemp-
tion has attached as aforesaid, which lands, thus indi-
cated by thedirection of the Secretary of the Interior,
shall be reserved and held for the State of Kansas for
the use of said company by the said Secretary for the
purpose of the construction and operation of said
railroad, as provided by this act: Provided, That any
and all la.nds" heretofore reserved to the United States
by any act of Congress, or in any other manner by
competent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any
object of internal improvement or other purpose
whatever, be, and the same are hereby, reserved and
excepted from the operation of this act, except so far
as it may be found necessary to loeate;the route of
said road through such reserved lands, in which case
the right of way, two hundred feet in width, is hereby
granted, subject to the approval of the President of
the United States: And providcl further. That said
lands hereby granted shall not be selected beyond
twenty miles from the line of said road.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the sections
and parts of sections of land which by the-atoresaid
grant shall remain in the United States, within ten
miles on eaeh side of said road, shall not bo sold for
less than double the minimum price of public lands
whensold, nor shall any of said lands beeomesubject
to sale at private entry until the same shall have
been first offered at public sale to the highest bidder,
at or above the minimum prioe aforesaid: Provided,
That actual bona fide settlers under the preemption
laws of the United States may, after due proof of
settlement, improvement, and occupation, as now
provided by law, purchase tho same at the price
fixed for said lands at the date of such settlement,
improvement, and occupation: And provided also.
That settlers under the provisions of the homestead
act, who make their settlement after the passage of
this act and comply with the terms and requirements
of said act, shall be entitled, within the said limits of
ten miles, to patents for an amount not exceeding
eighty acres eaeh.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted,. That the grant of
lands hereby made is upon condition that said com-
pany, after the construction of its road, shall keep it
in \epair and use, and shall at all times be in readi-
nes to transport troops, munitions of war, supplies,
and public stores upon its road for the Government,
when required to do so by any Department thereof,
the Government at all times having the preference
in the use of the road for all the purposes aforesaid,
at fair and reasonable rates of 'compensation, not
exceeding that paid by private, individuals, or the
average paid for like services oh other roads. And
the lands hereby granted, held, and reserved as afore-
said shall inure to the benefit of said company, as
follows: when the Governor of the State of Kan-
sas shall certify that any section of ten consecutive
miles of said road is completed in a good, substantial,
and workmanlike manner as a first-class railroad,
then the said Secretary of the Interior shall issue to
the said company patents for so many sections of
the land within the limits above named, and conter-
minous with said completed section hereinbefore
granted; and when certificates of the Governor afore-
said, shall be presented to said Secretary of the com-
pletion, as aforesaid, of each successive section of
ten consecutive miles of said road, the said Secretary
shall in like manner issue to said company patents
for the land for each of said sections of road as in the
first instance, until said road shall be completed:
Provided, That if said road is not completed within
ten years from tire date of the acceptance, of the
grant hereinbefore made, the lands remaining ail-
patented shall revert to the United States.
