1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
remaining class of disfranchised citizens, and thus
fulfill your constitutional obligation "to guaranty to
every State in the Union a republican form of govern-
ment."
As all partial application of republican principles
must ever breed a complicated legislation as well as
a discontented people, wo would pray your honorable
body, in order to simplify the machinery of Govern-
ment and insure domestic tranquillity, that you legis-
late hereafter for persons, citizens, tax-payers, and
not for class or caste.
For justice and equality your petitioners will ever
pray, *
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The committee that
is considering the subjectof extending the right
of suffrage to the blacks, the male blacks of the
United States, it seems to me is the proper one
to which to refer the petition of the white women
of the United States upon that subject. I there-
fore move that the petition be referred with a
letter that I have here and now send to the
desk, to the joint committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer the petition of Rob-
ert R. Collier, a citizen of Virginia, residing
at Petersburg, who asks Congress to pass an
act by virtue of which the State in which he
resides, Virginia, may be authorized to elect
members of Congress, so that the State may
be restored to her former practical relations to
and in the Federal Union; and also that it may
be relieved of the so-called civil State govern-
ment which the people did not inaugurate, and
the enactments of whose Legislature the mili-
tary power overrides and sets at naught. This
is a petition from a single citizen, but one of
considerable eminence in his State, and who
by his writings has latterly done much to illus-
trate the relations between the States and the
national Government. I move its reference to
the joint committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, 1 also offer the petition of
William Cornell Jcwett, in which he sets forth
that he has been opposed to the freedom of the
slave, but now maintains that if free as a result,
of the war and by common consent, the colored
freeman is upon an equality with the white man,
and he calls upon Congress by appropriate le-
gislation to see that that principle is enforced.
I move the reference of this to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. CLARK. I ask that Lemuel Worster
have leave to withdraw his papers from the files
of the Senate, with the view of presenting them
in the House of Representatives, whore he has
a petition for a pension, there having been no
adverse report, but on the contrary a favorable
report.
Leave was granted.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of J. S. Merrill, praying
for a settlement of his accounts as quartermaster and
commissary of the fifth regiment Maine volunteers,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to tlic Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
ItEPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of A. T. Spencer and G. S. Hub-
bard, of Chicago, praying for compensation for
services performed in carrying the mails on their
line of steamers between Chicago and the ports
on Lake Superior, reported a bill (S. No. 114)
for the relief of A. T. Spencer and Gurdon S.
Hubbard; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Jane W. Nethaway, praying for an allowance
of back pay and bounty claimed to be due her
late husband, and also to be allowed a pension,
reported a bill ((S. No. 1 lo) for the relief ot Jane
W. Nethawav: which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Osage
county, Missouri, praying that a pension be
granted to Paiellee Howerton, widow of Stern
W. Howerton, who was killed by the rebels
during Price's raid in that State in October,
1804, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sophia Schemmel-
finnig, widow of General Alexander Schemmel-
finnig, praying for an increase of pension, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of widows of Navy
officers, praying for an increase of pension,
RSBorted adversely thereon.
""He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Allegheny
county, Pennsylvania, praying that, pensions
may be granted to the sufferers by the explo-
sion at the Allegheny arsenal on the 17th of
September, 1802, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate of the
2Gth instant to inquire into the expediency of
granting pensions to the widows and minor
children of enlisted men who were enlisted or
detailed as artificers, reported a bill (S. No.
110) to extend the benefit of the pension laws
to artificers: which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred flic petition of
citizens of the United States, praying that each
common school in the Union be furnished with
the President's annual message and accompany-
ing documents, have instructed me to report it
back to the Senate with a recommendation that
the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Printing, which
is better capable of judging of the expense of
furnishing these documents to all the common
schools of the country than any other committee.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 6) sup-
plying appropriate legislation to enforce the
amendment of the Constitution prohibiting sla-
very, have instructed mo to report it back to
the Senate, with a recommendation that it be
indefinitely postponed. The committee have
reported upon that subject, and a bill is now
pending before the Senate embracing the sub-
ject-matter of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. '
Mr. SUMNER. What is the bill? Let the
title be read.
The Secretary read the title as follows: A
bill supplying appropriate legislation to enforce
the amendment to the Constitution prohibiting
slavery.
The PRESIDENT pro Ism pore. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill?
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will lie over, objection being made to its pres-
ent consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 19) to war-
rant and confirm the land titles of grantees un-
der the field orders of Major General Sherman,
at Savannah, January 1(5, 18G5, have instructed
me to report it back with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, as the Senate
has already acted on that subject. If there be
no objection, I ask for present action on the
report with a view to have the bill removed
from the Calendar.
The report was agreed to ; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. TRUMBULL." The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 55) to main-
tain and enforce the freedom of the inhabitants
of the United States, have instructed me to make
a similar leport in reference to that bill, the
subject-matter of it being embraced in other
bills upon which the Senate has actcd or which
are now pending before it.
The report was concurred in; and the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial
of John Baird, minor heir of Cornelius Baird,
and others, praying for a bounty land warrant
of one hundred and sixty acres for services in
the war of 1812, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 44) to incorporate the National Pro.-
tection Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 42) to amend an act to incorporate
the Guardian Society and reform juvenile of-
fenders in the District of Columbia, approved
July 1, 18G2, also to amend an act granting
certain privileges to the Guardian Society, ap-
proved June 30, 18G4, have instructed me to
report it back and to move that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Captain F. A. Patterson, late of the third Vir-
ginia cavalry, praying for compensation from
the date of his commission until the time his
regiment was mustered into the servico, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
117) for the relief of F. A. Patterson, late cap-
tain of the third Virginia cavalry. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. D00L1TTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the report
of the Secretary of the Intciior, communica-
ting, ill obedience to law, copies of accounts of
Indian agents Harlan and Snow, of the southern
superintendency, for the first quarter of 1805,
reported it hack, with a recommendation that
the report of the Secretary of the Interior and
accompanying papers be printed; which was
agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report, of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating copies of the accounts
of the superintendent and agents having charge
of the Creeks, Chickasaws, Seminoles, and Wi-
chitas for the second quarter of the vear 18G5,
reported if, back with a recommendation that it
be printed ; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting copies of the accounts ol
the superintendent and agents haying in charge
the refugee Creeks, Choctaws, Chickusaws, and
Seminoles, for the first quarter of 18G5, re-
ported it back with a recommendation that it
be printed.
The report was agreed to.
REVENUE COMMISSION ltKl'ORTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
the resolution to print five thousand copies of
the revenue commission for the use of the Sen-
ate, to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved, That five thousand copies of tho general
and special reports of the revenue commission, ex-
clusive of the forms of bills accompanying the same,
be printed for tho use of the Senate.
VOTE OF THANKS TO ADMIRAL FARRAGUT.
Mr. GRIMES. T am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 25) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Vice Admiral David
0. Farragut, and to tho officers, petty officers,
seamen, and marines under his command, for
their gallantry and good conduct in the action
in Mobile bay on the uih August, 18G4, to report
it back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass. I presume it will be
quite agreeable to the Senate to pass this joint
resolution through its various stages at once,
and I therefore move that the Senate proceed
to its consideration.
