1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§§88
paid by the Government. It is proper that
they should be paid by the Government in
order that they may be under no obligations
to the company. Perhaps it would be improper
for the company to pay them.
The amendment also contains a provision
for the completion of the bridge over the Big
Sioux, Vermillion, and Dakota rivers. This is
an important work upon a valuable military
road. Part of the work has already been done,
some ten thousand dollars having been ex-
pended. Unless a sufficient amount be appro-
priated for the completion of the work, the
money already expended must be lost. A
large amount of Government transportation
passes over this road every year. The Gov-
ernment has been paying for the last five years
at the rate of about one thousand dollars a
year in the way of ferriage. Hence it is impor-
tant that the appropriation embraced in this
amendment for the completion of this bridge
should he made.
Mr. STEVENS. "When thismatterwasbeing
examined by the committee they had before
them estimates amounting to about sixty thou-
sand dollars. For what? To pay the engineers
who went to examine this work and the com-
missioners appointed under the law. The hftv
provided that the Government should give to
this railroad company a vast subsidy of hun-
dreds of millions in bonds whenever certain
work should be done to the satisfaction of the
commissioners to be appointed; and in order
that the Government might bo satisfied as to
that, it was provided that the Government
should have the 'appointment of the commis-
sioners.
The appointment of those commissioners,
as well as the surveyors to fix the line of the
road, was a pint of the construction of the road
itself. The commissioners were as absolutely
necessary as the surveyors who located the road.
The appointments were necessary to enable
these companies to get their half a million
every month ami their million every two months
from the Government, it was necessary for
that purpose that the Government should ap-
point directors and commissioners for the pur-
port* of supervising the construction of the
rmil. Until thai was done they could not be
paid.
Mr. BROOKS. T want to understand this
subject. Are not these commissioners to see
whether the road is well constructed and fit for
the accpianei: of the Government?
Mr. STEVENS. They are.
},Ir. BROOKS. Is it good business policy
to let a railroad company pay the men who are
to inspect and report upon their work?
Mr. STEVEN'S. Whether good policy or
not, the law provided for what things the Gov-
ernment should pay. and this, was not one
of them. In consideration of the privileges
granted, the Government was to have certain
piivileges in letuin, and one of them was the
appointment of live directors in the Union
line. A nother was to appoint examiners to see
whether the work was done according to the
requisition "of the law. Those were privileges
reserved by the Government in consequence
of the immense grants they made to these roads.
But, sir. there was no provision that these men
should be paid by the Government. Tihey were
a part, of the machinery of the road.
Whether it is good policy or not, the Gov-
ernment agreed to give certain things, and it
was understood that the companies should pro-
vide and pay for all this machinery. Instead
of that they now come here and ask us to ap-
propriate ;ii;0.()00 for the payment of the men
who examined their work. If these commis-
sioners have examined the work, it was because
the Government provided it should be done
before it was accepted.
As to whether it is good policy or not. I pre-
sume these are honest men, and will do their
duty, no matter who pays them. I do not sup-
pose that a few thousand dollars would influ-
ent e them in their judgment. I do not believe
these men will not do their duty because the
company pays them. According to the gen-
tleman, the company would understand how
much it takes to mollify an engineer, and how
mauy ounces of gold to bribe a commissioner.
I suppose the Government will not appoint men
who can be bribed for five or six dollars a day.
I say they will not appoint men who can be
bribed for $20,000. I am quite suue that the
gentleman's remark cannot apply to the present
commissioners.
I hope the Pacific Railroad Committee will,'
in providing for future roads, take care that the
company shall pay these men and not leave the
matter at all doubtful. I protest now against
the Government being compelled to pay these
men.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIS. Is there any presumption un-
der the provisions of the law that any obliga-
tion rested on these corporations to pay these
parties?
Mr. STEVENS. If the corporations wanted
to build the roads I think they would pay the
expense, and this is part of the expense.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not quite understand it
so, although I have no feeling in regard to the
amendment.. It seems to me, when the Gov-
ernment appointed certain parties in whom it
had confidence, whose duty it was to examine
the character of the work done, it is safer, so
far as the public interest is concerned, that
those men should be under the compensation
and control of the Government without in the
least being influenced on the part of these cor-
porations, as they would be if they looked to
them for their pay.
Mr. STEVENS. I will saytothegentleman,
never mind who pays them, they hold their
appointments from the Government and are
under the control of the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. So far as the parties who have
already aeted are concerned, I submit as a prop-
osition of law that (hey have no claim upon
these corporations. They have not been em-
ployed by them, their appointments coming
directly from the Government itself. There is
no eontractbetween them and the corporations.
The simple question is. whether these parties
shall be thrust out without any compensation
at all, or whether it shall be paid by the Gov-
ernment to whom these parties were held re-
sponsible.
Mr. HALE. I desire to inquire whether the
report of the Committee on Appropriations of
non-coneurrencc extends to all of these items.
Mr. STEVENS. It was thought as they
were all one amendment it was better they
should all go to the committee of conference, so
that some understanding should be reached in
regard to them.
Sir. HALE. The reason of my making the
inquiry is, that there are two other appropria-
tions covered by this amendment whieli have
no connection with the Pacific railroad, one in
regard to the completion of the wagon road
from Sioux City to Port Randall, and the other
in regard to commutation of quarters and 4uel
to officers of corps of Engineers.
Mr. STEVENS. It is best to send the whole,
to the committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As an original
proposition ] would Yote against this. I am
opposed to imposing upon the Government
the expenses attendant upon the control of the
Union Pacific railroad and the interests con-
nected therewith.
But, sir, the difficulty in this ease is, there
is no provision made by law for that expense
being met by the Government. The Govern-
ment, in pursuance of law, appointed these
commissioners. They Inn e discharged their
duties and are entitled to compensation. It is
too late for us to provide that the companies
shall pay them for the services they have
j already rendered to the Government, and the
| true remedy to be provided is to pass an
| amendment to the Union Pacific railroad act
i which shall require these expenses to be borne
by the company in the future. But for the
past the Government has already incurred the
expense.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. Tlte gentleman
says, "Oh, no." He knows as well as I do
that these persons have acted under the direct
authority of the Government, of the United
States, and that there is no provision of Taw
now requiring the company to pay these ex-
penses. If the gentleman desires to guard
against this for the future, and will propose an
amendment to the existing law which shall
require the company to pay the expenses here-
after, I shall most cheerfully vote for it. But
for what is already incurred the Government
must provide out of the Treasury.
Mr. HIGBY. We all agree that by the terms
of the law creating the railroad company these
commissioners are to be appointed by the Gov-
ernment exclusively. The railroad company
has nothing to do with their appointment, and
has no control or direction of them after their
appointment..
Mr. STEVENS. The Government appoints
five directors. Who pays them ?
Mr. IIIGBY. I understand that; and I ask
the gentleman who pays them by this bill. -
Mr. STEVENS. Why, the company pays
them.
Mr. HIGBY. Not one word is said in this
law about who pays them ; and yet the Gov-
ernment has the entire control over them.
Mr. STEVENS. If the company will not
pay tliem, I think they will never get any more
bonds.
Mr. HIGBY. Well, sir, they do not ask the
Government to appoint any such men, nor do
they ask for their services. They are ready to
give the Government information when twenty
miles of this road is done, and if the Govern-
ment accepts it they get their bonds.
Now, the Government has entire conti-ol over
these commissioners, and yet it is assumed that
this corporation shall pay them. I say it is
repudiation when the Government employs men
to do a certain service and then refuses to pay
them. It is well said by the gentleman from
New York that there is no legal obligation on
the part of the company toward-these commis-
sioners. If there was I have no objection to
their paying them. I do not know but it is right
and just that they should pay them, but they
are under no legal obligation under the law to
pay them, and they cannot be forced to do it.
But these gentlemen are employed by the Gov-
ernment without any means being provided for
their payment. And I know one of these com-
missioners who has come on here from Cali-
fornia at the call of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, at great expense. He has been in the
service of the Government and the railroad
company have no control or dictation whatever
in the matter.
The company certainly is not obliged to pay
these commissioners. I have no objection that
there shall be an amendment, passed that shall
require this Government, or, if you please, the
railroad company, to pay them, but let them
not be bandied backward and forward between
the Government and the corporation. They
must have somewhere to look for their pay,
and why should we turn them away after having
employed them ? ' ,
This law simply provides for one commis-
sioner. 'The original bill provided for three.
One of them has actually come on here at the
call of the Secretary of the Interior at groat
expense.
Jlr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
propose to be satisfied with limiting this for the
future, but I propose to save $40,000, for the
reason that there is no obligation on the part
of Congress to pay this bill to those commis-
sioners. Certain things were required to be
done before the company could get the benefit
of the grant, and the company is bound to pay
the expense. I understand that we have as-
sumed obligations to the amount of $95,000,000
for the benefit of this company. We have given
