120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
t -'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
t>ii JtEe day it is reported.
"- There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which declares that
the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and
.are hereby tendered, to Vice-Admiral David G.
3?apiagutof the United States Navy, the offi-
cers, petty officers, seamen, and marines under
his command, for the unsurpassed gallantry and
skill exhibited by them in the engagement' in
Mobile bay, and for their long and faithful ser-
' vice'and unswerving devotion to the cause of
the eottntry in the midst of the greatest diffi-
culties and dangers. The President of the Uni-
ted States is to communicate this resolution to
"Yice Admiral Farragut, and the Secretary of
"the Navy to the officers, seamen, and marines
"of the Navy by a general order of his Depart-
ment.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment; ordered to be
'engrossed for a" third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
• BILLS INTRODUCED.
, Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
113) in relation to public highways; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 118) to regulate suffrage and elections in
the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its _ title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 119) granting lands to the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Fort Gibson Railroad
Company to aid in extending their railroad
and telegraph line from the southern boundary
of Kansas to the northern boundary of Texas,
in the direction of Galveston bay ; which was
lead twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 120) to grant one million acres of public
lands for the benefit of a mining college in the
State of Nevada; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 121) to provide for the enlargement of the
Winnebago reservation in the Territory of Ne-
braska, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
MESSAGE I-'liOJI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson", its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. II. No. 154) to further secure Ameri-
can citizens certain privileges under the treaty
, of Washington;
\ No- 184) to authorize the sale
, of marine hospitals and revenue cutters; and
A joint resolution (H. 14. No. 51) proposing
to amendthe Constitution of the United Stales.
SALE OS STAMPS AND ENVELOPES.
• _ Mr. DIXON. I believe Senate bill No. 71
is the order for the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
^finished business of the morning hour,
i . , • D^ON. I should be glad to have that
bill taken up at this time.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut to take up the bill No. 71.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
. consideration of the bill (S.No. 71) relative to
the sale of postage stamps and stamped envel-
opes on eredit, the pending question being on
the amendment reported from the Committee
on Post Offices to insert after the word "re-
quired '' in the fourth, line of the first section
the words "until the 80th day of June, 1808."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the Senator from Nevada is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. NYE. The bill has been modified singe
yesterday, and I ask for the reading of the Bill
as modified.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is impos-
sible that the bill should have been modified
except by the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Is there not a proposed modifi-
cation?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by the
committee to the first section of the bill, and
upon that question the Senator from Nevada is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman of the com-
mittee has prepared a modification of the bill
as an amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I propose to withdraw the
amendment which was pending before the Sen-
ate, and to offer in lieu of it a substitute for the
entire bill, which I believe will receive the assent
of the Senator from Nevada. I ask leave to
withdraw the pending amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator, by direction of the committee, can with-
draw the amendment. The amendment having
been reported by the committee, if the commit-
tee request that it be withdrawn, it can be with-
drawn. It is under control of the committee.
Mr. DIXON. I have the assent of the com-
mittee for that purpose.
TliePRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment, then, is withdrawn.
Mr. DIXON. I now propose, by the assent
of the committee, the following as a substitute
for the entire bill, striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting:
Thatthe Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized, whenever in his opinion the public ser-
vico shall require, until the 30th day of June, 1808, to
deposit postago stamps and stamped envelopes with
such persons as he may select for sale. The persons
with whom stamps and stamped envelopes are so de-
posited shall engage to sell and circulate the same
under the instructions of the Postmaster General, and
shall give bond in such sum as the Postmaster Gen-
eral maydircct.with one or more sureties, conditioned
for the faithful keeping of the stamps and stamped
envelopes so intrusted to them, and for the payment
to the Post Cilice Department, in such manner as di-
rected bytho Postmaster General, of the moneys aris-
ing from the salo thereof.
8ec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General may allow to any such depositaries,
under the provisions of this act, a commission not
exceeding five per cent, on all sales of stamps and
stamped envelopes by them made, and the Auditor
of the Treasury for tlic Post Office Department shall
audit and scttlo allsuch accounts. Such persons shall
be deemed receivers and custodians of public money.
They shall not sell stamps or stamped envelopes on
crcdit, but shall sell them invaiia,bly for coin or Uni-
ted States Treasury notes, and at a price not exceed-
ing the price of such stamps and stamped envelopes
as provided by law. They shall be subject to all the
Pains, penalties, fmcs, and forfeitures now provided
by law in eases of receivers and custodians of public
money and of postmasters and other persons to whom
the sale of stamps, and stamped envelopes is intrusted.
Mr. CLARK. I think that bill had better be
laid over until to-morrow, and printed, so that
we can see what is the effect of this amendment.
It is equivalent to a new draft; and it is very
difficult to understand it as it is without seeing
it in print.
Mr. CONNESS. It only changes it in a few
words.
Mr. CLARK. I understand there is no ob-
jection to this postponement on the part of the
chairman. I move that the bill bo postponed
until to-morrow, and that the amendment lie
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS KUMllRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 154) to further secure
American citizens certain privileges under the
treaty of Washington—to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
A bill (H. R. No. 184) to authorize the sale
of marine hospitals and revenue cutter's—to tha
Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) propos-
ing to amend the Constitution of the United
States was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the resolution
lie upon the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BONDED WAREHOUSES.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move the postponement
of all prior orders, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 135, to
extend the time for the withdrawal of goods for
consumption from public store and bonded
warehouse, and for other purposes. This bill
passed the House of Representatives, was re-
ferred to the Senate Committee on Commerce,
was reported favorably, and passed the Senate,
and by my motion to reconsider remains in the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the bill named by the Senator from Rhode
Island, the motion on which it is pending be-
ing that the Senate reconsider its vote on the
passage of that.bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether that motion is now in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to take up the subject. The question is,
will the Senate now take up the subject indi-
cated by the Senator from Rhode Island ; that
is, will the Senate now proceed to the consid-
eration of the motion to rcconsider? The mo-
tion to reconsider was entered some days since,
on the 2Gth of January, as the record shows.
On the same day that the bill was passed the
motion to reconsider was entered. A motion
now to take up that subject is in order.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider Mr. Sprague's motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 135) to extend the time for the withdrawal
of goods fon consumption from public store and
bonded warehouse, and for other purposes, was
passed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This bill, Mr. President,
provides in its first section—
That on and after the passage of this act, and
until the 1st day of April, 1866, any goods, wares, or
merchandise under bond, in any public or private
bonded warehouse, upon which the duties are unpaid,
may be withdrawn for consumption, and the bonds
canceled, on payment of the duties and charges pre-
scribed bylaw; and any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise deposited in bond, in any public or private bonded
warehouse, on and after the 1st day of April afore-
said, and all goods, wares, or merchandise remaining
in warehouse, under bond, on said 1st day of April,
may be withdrawn for consumption within one year
from tlio date of original importation, on payment of
tile duties and charges to which they may be subject
by law at the time of such withdrawal; and after the
expiration of one year from tho date of original im-
portation, and until the expiration of three years from
said date, any goods, wares, or merchandise, in bond
as aforesaid, may be withdrawn for consumption on
payment of the duties a.^se.^ed on tin; original entry
and chargcs, and an additional duty of ten per cent,
of the amount of such duties and charges.
And the second section provides—■
That neither this nor any other act shall operate
to prevent tho exportation of bonded goods, wares, or
merchandise from warehouse within three years from
tho date of original importation, nor their ti aspor-
tation in bond from the port into which they wero
originally imported to any other port or ports for the
purpose of exportation; and all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with tho provisions of thisaetaroheroby
repealed.
This_ bill, Mr. President, was referred to the
Committeeon CommerceoftheSenate, bythem
reported favorably, and passed on that report
by this body. Heretofore propositions for the
extension of the time of the withdrawal of goods
from bonded warehouse have been referred to
the Committee on Finance, and by them re-
ported to the Senate. In this case the bill, con-
trary to the usual practice, was sent to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. It was called up in the
morning hour, and passed without attention
being attracted to it. Soon after the passage of
the bill, not knowing its contents, I moved that
it be reconsidered, and I had the motion for
reconsideration entered for the purpose of giv-
ing me an opportunity to examine the bill. I
have consulted with members of the committee
