2544,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
her mountains and plai ns blasted by the ravages
of war and stained witl^the blood ot her faith-
ful children fallen in the great struggle for the
maintenance of the Union—having already con-
formed her constitution and laws to every pro-
vision of this amendment, will at once upon its
submission by Congress irrevocably ratify it,
and be without further delay represented in
Congress by her loyal Representatives and
Senators, duly elected and duly qualified and
ready to take the oath of office prescribed by
existing law.
Let that great example be set by Tennessee
and it will be worth a hundred thousand votes
to the loyal people in the free North. Let
this be done and it will be hailed as the har-
binger of that day for which all good men
pray, when the fallen pillars of the -Republic
shall be restored without violence or the noise
of words or the sound of the hammer, each
to its original place in the sacred temple of
otlr national liberties, thereby giving assurance
to all the world that for the defense of the
Republic it was not in vain that a million and
a half of men, the very elect of the earth,
rushed to arms; that the Republic still lives,
and will live forevennore, the sanctuary of
an inviolable justice, the refuge of liberty, and
the imperishable monument of the nation's
dead, from the humblest soldier who perished
on the march, or went dewn amid the thunder
and tempest of the dread conflict, up through
all the shining roll of heroes, and patriots, and
martyrs, to the incorruptible and immortal
Commander-in-Chief, who fell by an assassin's
hand in the capital, and thus died that his
country might live.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
conclude the debate, but I will not move the
previous question until I finish what I have to
say.
I am glad, sir, to see great unanimity among
the Union friends in this House on all the pro-
visions of this joint resolution except the third
one. I am not very much gratified to see any
division among our friends on that which I
consider the vital proposition of them all.
Without that, it amounts to nothing. I do
not care the snap of my finger whether it be
passed or not if that be stricken out. Before
another Congress shall have assembled here,
and before this can be carried into full cffect,
there will be no friends of the Union left on
this side of the House to carry it out as 
Mr. LE BLOND. Members are crowding
the aisles on the other side and the open space
in the center of the House so that we can
neither see nor hear what is going on.
The SPEAKER. Members must resume
their scats
Mr. STEVENS. I should be sorry to find
that that provision was stricken out, because
before any portion of this can be put into oper-
ation there will be, if not a Herod, a worse than
Herod elsewhere to obstruct our actions. That
side of the House will be filled with yelling
secessionists and hissing copperheads. Give
us the third section or give us nothing. Do not
balk us with the pretense of an amendment
which throws the Union into the hands of the
enemy before it becomes consolidated.
Gentlemen say I speak of party. Whenever
party is necessary to sustain the Union 1 say
rally to your party and save the Union. I do
not hesitate to say at once, that section is there
to save or destroy the Union party, is there to
save or destroy the Union by the salvation or
destruction of the Union party.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
who has just taken his seat thinks it difficult to
parry it into^ execution, and he proposes to put
it into a bill which the President can veto.
Will my friend tell me how much easier it is to
execute it as a law than as a provision of the.
Constitution ? I say if this amendment pre-
vails you must legislate to carry out many parts
of it. You must legislate for the purpose of
ascertaining the basis of representation. You
must legislate for registry such as they have in
Maryland. It will not execute itself, but as
soon as it becomes a law, Congress at the next
session will legislate to carry it out both in
reference to the presidential and all other elec-
tions as we have the right to do. So that ob-
jection falls to the ground.
Gentlemen tell us it is too strong—too strong
for what? Too strong for their stomachs, but
not for the people. Some say it is too lenient.
It is too lenient for my hard heart. Not only
to 1870, but to 18070, every rebel who shed the
blood of loyal men should be prevented from
exercising any power in this Government. That,
even, would be too mild a punishment for them.
Gentlemen here have said you must not
humble these people. Why not? Do not they
deserve humiliation ? Do not they deserve deg-
radation? If they do not, who does? What
criminal, what felon deserves it more, sir?
They have not yet confessed their sins; and
He who administers mercy and justice never
forgives until the sinner confesses his sins ami
humbles himself at His footstool. Why should
we forgive any more than He ?
But we are told that we must take them back
as equal brothers at once. I shall not agree
they shall come back except as supplicants in
sackcloth and ashes. Let them come back
and ask forgiveness, and let us then consider
how many we will forgive and how many we
will exclude. All I regret is, this is not suffi-
ciently stringent.
Sir, they tell us, I hear several gentlemen
say, that these men should be admitted as equal
brethren. Let not these friends of secession
sing to me their siren song of peace and good
will until they can stop my ears to the screams
and groans of the dying victims at Memphis.
I hold in my hand an elaborate account from
a man whom I know to be of the highest
respectability in the country, every word of
which I believe. This account of that foul
transaction only reached me last night. It is
more horrible in its atrocity, although not to
the same extent, than the massacre at J amaica.
Tell me Tennessee or any other State is loyal
of whom such things are proved!
I regret that the true men of these States
cannot be brought in, but they cannot be brought
in with rebel constituency behind them. They
would misrepresent their States. Therefore I
can never agree to let them in under the present
state of affairs. Let us have probation : let us
be sure that something more than mere will-
ingness to come in lias been felt by them.
Mr. Speaker. I do not intend to occupy many
minutes. I was indeed astonished to find my
respected colleague, I will not say so tender-
hearted, but so lenient to those toward whom
mercy is not rendered necessary. But I know
so well his natural kindness of heart and his
proximity to that eloquent divine who so lately
has slaughtered whole herds of fatted calves,
that I cannot be much surprised at it. But,
sir, if he is so fond of such associates, let me
suggest in all kindnels to him that he can find
better company nearer home. He lives very
near Cherry Hill, .where there is a State insti-
tution containing several hundred inmates
who 
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him in his geography? I do not
live near Cherry Hill. I live on the top of
Chestnut Hill. [Laughter.] And I would like
to know the name of the distinguished divine
to whom he refers. I cannot recollect any one.
Mr. STEVENS. Jt is the late Henry Ward
Beecher. [Laughter],
Mr. THAYER. I understood my colleague
to say a neighbor of mine. Mr. Beecher lives
about a hundred miles from me.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, that is in the neigh-
borhood in this country, three thousand miles
in extent. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman himself is
about as near and much nearer to him in many
things than I am. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. How near does my friend
live to Cherry Hill?
Mr. THAYER. About ten miles.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, let him walk ten
miles, instead of going two or three thousand
South, and h« will find, as I said, three or four
Hundred inmates, whom, if he wishes to for-
give and enfranchise, he will find at present a
little restrained of their rights, They have
done nothing but err. There is no blood upon
their hands ; they have only erred in commit-
ting such little acts as arson and larceny. Let
him go to one of those corridors and cause it
to be opened and they will flock around him,
and he will see men who are not half as bloody
and have not committed half as many crimes
as the rebels whom he wishes to see immedi-
ately admitted here.
Now, sir, for my parti am willing they shall
come in when they are ready. Do not, I pray
you, admit those who have slaughtered half a
million of our countrymen until their clothes
are dried, and until they are reclad. I do not
wish to sit side hy side with men whose gar-
ments smell of the blood of my kindred. Gen-
tlemen seem to forget the scenes that were
enacted here years ago. Many of you were
not here. But my friend from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] ought to have kept up his reading
enough to have been familiar with the history
of those days, when the men that you propose
to admit occupied the other side of the House;
when the mighty Toombs, with his shaggy locks,
headed a gang who, with shouts of defiance on
this floor, rendered this a hell of legislation.
Ah, sir, it was but six years ago when they
were here, just before they went out to join the
armies of Catiline, just before they left this
Hall. Those of you who were here then will
remember the scene in which every southern
member, encouraged by their allies, came forth
in one yelling body, because a speech for free-
dom was being made here ; when weapons were
drawn, and Barksdale's bowie-knife gleamed
before our eyes. WTould you have these men
back again so soon to reenact those scenes?
Wait until I am gone, I pray you. I want not
to go through it again. It will be but a short
time for my colleague to wait. I hope he will
not put us to that test.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. This amendment does not
affect the eligibility of the people to whom he
refers. That portion to which I directed my
remarks excludes them from voting; and I wish
to ask my colleague in this connection whether
he thinks he can build a penitentiary big enough
to hold eight million people.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, a penitentiary
which is built at the point of the bayonet down
below, and if they undertake to come here we
will shoot them. That is the way to take care
of these people. They deserve it, at least for
a time.
Now, sir, if the gentlemen had remembered
the scenes twenty years ago, when no mail
dared to speak without risking his life, when
but a few men did do it—for there were cow-
ards in those days, as there are in the^e—you
would not have found them asking to bring
these men in, and Ponly wondef that my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] should intimate a
desire to bring them here.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the gentleman's
attention one moment. I have not by one
word or vote of mine ever justified him in say-
ing that I consent ever to bring them in.
Mr. STEVENS. Never: but the gentle-
man wished to strike out a section and kill
this amendment, the most popular before the
people of any that can be presented.
Mr. BIN(jHAM. I ask the gentleman to
indulge me a moment. The third section does
not touch the question of their coming in.
Mr. STEVENS. Then why is it you oppose
it? If it is going to hurt nobody, in God's name
let it remain. If it is going to hurt anybody,
it will be the men that deserve it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 withdraw my motion to
recommit, and move the previous question.
_ Mr. GxlRFIELD. In case the previous ques-
tion is not seconded, will my motion to amend
be in order?
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend will
be in order if the previous question is no<
seconded.
