1866.]
APPENDIX'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
' Senate.
ployed in the administration of the affairs of
the Government. I admit that there are restric-
tions which, as I have said, are inevitable; they
must be continued, and must be made appli-
cable to all. They are the mere regulation of
!he suffrage.
I was never a "Native American," although
much of the foreign\ote was cast against the old
Whig party to which I belonged; but X am like
the noble old Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
when he said, "I am willing to give to every
man every right that I possess,'' and if by
meritorious endeavor, if by playing well my
part, if by developing any moral and intellec-
tual faculties, I can attaimto a higher position
of eminence than lie, then give me credit for
it: but to what praise am I entitled if my su-
perior fortune is the result of exclusive privi-
leges which T deny to my unfortunate fellow-
citizens ?
i wish it distinctly understood that in all 1
have said here f am no one-idea man. I never
had "negro on the brain." [Laughter.] I
always fight with the people and for the people.
I never belonged to the Wendell Phillips or
Gerritt Smith party. I do not say this from want
of respect for them, for they were noble pioneers
in the cause of human liberty; but I am for the
black man, not as a black man; I am for the
white man, not as a white man, but I am for man
irrespective of race or color; I am for God's
humanity here, elsewhere, and everywhere.
Sir, Mr. Lincoln never said so beautiful a
thing in all his life, according to my judgment, as
when he said, "In giving freedom to the slave
we assure freedom to the free." If we would
preserve freedom for ourselves and our poster-
ity, let us see to it that all are free, that there
are no warring, wrangling, discordant races or
class® out of which is to grew a future conflict
of races, future war, and final disunion.
My distinguished friend on my left, [Mr.
Davis,] the compeer of Mr. Clay and Mr. Crit-
tenden, for whom I have such high respect,
quoted from numerous authors to show that the
freedmen belonged to an inferior race, to which
I refer for this reason : if the Senator from Ken-
tucky, the loyal and patriotic Senator from Ken-
tucky, through the prejudices of education, can,
with"almost barbarous cruelty, parade, in long
array, authorities from historians to show that
% the negro is an inferior race and not entitled to
equal privileges with the white man, what may
wo not ovpeot from the southern rebels whom
nesro valor has chastised, and whose secession
- principles negro votes shall yet vote down?
Air. Lincoln made another beautiful remark
in his letter to Governor Ilahn. He said:
"In some trying time the vote of the black man
may servo to keep the jewel of liberty in the family
of freedom."
Sir, the time may arrive when the southern
slaveholders and their northern sympathizers
may come so near having the control of the
Government, that the loyal black vote may be
the balance of power and cast the scale in favor
of Union and liberty.
If universal suffrage is wrong, our Govern-
ment is wrong. I am willing to conform to
the principles of my Government wherever
they may lead. If it turns out, as I fondly hope
it may not, that our fathers were wrong, and
that our people are incapable of self-govern-
ment, and that a wealthy few, an intelligent
few, or a single monarch ought to govern them,
T cannot help it, but that is not the principle
for which I am fighting. I am fighting tacarry
out to its legitimate conclusion, to its logical
•sequence, what I believe to be the decree of
Vlmighty God, that all men are created equal.
Gentlemen ask me '' if I will go before the peo-
ple of Illinois with such a proposition as this."
Ay. indeed, and welcome it. I have no fear
of the result,. Through the clouds of the pres-
ent I see the brightness of the future. There
is, deep seated in the hearts of the American
people everywhere, the firm conviction that
ihis negro question, however unpalatable its
discussion may be, will never be settled until
it is adjusted upon the principle of justice and
equality.
Sir, I can see now plainly the beginning of
the end. I now seethe apotheosis of that living
principle which fled the persecutions of the Old
World; which sought a home amidst the sterile
rocks of New England ; which remonstrated
against taxation without representation ; which
exhibited its opposition to class legislation upon
the bloody field of Bunker Hill, and which
finally culminated in the greatest and most
majestic and dominant idea of the world—the
Declaration of American Independence.
Sir, I am a man of the people ; twenty-five
years of public service make me believe that I
understand something of the temper and dispo-
sition of the people; and I am here to-day to
say that it is my conscientious conviction that
if every Senator on this floor and every Repre-
sentative in the other House and the President
of the United States should with united voices
attempt to oppose this grand consummation of
universal equality, they will fail. It is too late
for that. You may go to the head waters of
the Mississippi and turn off the little rivulets,
but you cannot go to the mouth, after it lias
collected its waters from a thousand rivers and
with accumulated volume is pouring its foam-
ing waters into the Gulf, and say, "Thus far
shalt tho*i go. and no further."
Politicians may choose their course; they
may become frightened at the radical march of
events ; the}' may throw pebbles into the mighty
current of popular opinion. But the grand old
river of progress, of liberty and humanity, and
God's eternal justice, will roll on. Gentlemen
may erect altars to conservatism ; but they will
go down to that vortex into which so many
compromisers, Union savers, and conserva-
tives have already gone—'' that bourne whence
no political adventurer ever returns." Sir, I
care not who the man may be, though he be a
Senator upon the floor or the President of the
United States, however high his title or proud
his name, if he is false to human freedom " the
places which know him now shall soon know
him no more forever !"
I remember well what the noble old Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] said in his speech :
how he was threatened with the anathemas of
public vengeance when he was in a slim and
hated minority ; but, tliank God, he still lives
to look on the graves of his political opponents
and revilers. Having fought the fight, having
kept the faith, and come up through great trib-
ulation, he is not here to surrender the citadel
of liberty to a few guerrilla bands and the raw
recruits who are wasting thdir ineffectual fires
upon the fortifications which have withstood
uushaken the roar and thunder of the whole
pro-slavery army. I, sir, though a younger
man, have a similar experience. I stood side
by side with the noble Lincoln in every phase
of these questions. I have fought the, fight
and lived to enjoy the delightful pleasure of
telling the last Legislature of my State to sweep
with a speedy, resistless hand the black laws
from our code. And they did it. They did
not alter, modify, or amend them, but they
eviscerated them, body and soul, from the
statute-book, and scattered «their black and
blood-stained leaves upon the simoom of popu-
lar indignation.
Sir, what made Abraham Lincoln President
of tho United States? I know he was good,
very good; he was great, very great, in all those
qualities which constitute the statesman ; but
it was his persistent advocacy of the doctrines
of the Declaration of American Independence,
in his debates with Stephen A. Douglas, in his
speeches at the Cooper Institute^ in New- \ ork,
in Connecticut, and in Kansas: it was his clear
definition of the principles of human freedom;
it was those God-inspired words—
"This Union cannot permanently endure half slave
and half froe; the Union will not be dissolved, but
the house will ceaso to be divided''—
it was this which riveted the attention of the
nation, and made him President ofthe United
States. And why, sir? Because, despite the
prejudices of education, which we all have,
despite centuries of wrong and oppression,
there is somewhere, away down in the depths
of the human soul—and that soul is deeper than
oceans ; it is like infinite space and has no
boundaries—there is somewhere in the unfath-
omable depths of the human soul the love of
liberty and the hatred of oppression. That
chord Lincoln struck, and thus made himself
President and his name immortal. Why are
you Senators here from every northern State?
Is it because you are able men? But you are
not the only able men in your States. There
are men distinguished for great ability and illus-
trious service in your States. You are here,
because you have been true to truth, to justice,
to liberty,, and to equal laws.
It is too late to change the tide of human
progress. The enlightened convictions of the
masses, wrought by the thorough discussions
of thirty years, and consecrated by the baptism
of precious blood, cannot now be changed. The
hand of a higher power than man's is in this
revolution, and it will not move backward. It
is of no use to fight against destiny.^ God, not
man, created men equal. Deep laid in the solid
foundations of God's eternal throne, the prin-
ciple of equality is established, indestructible
and immortal.
My way to settle our national troubles is to
punish some traitors, not for tho sake of venge-
ance, but for the sake of example. There
ought to be some example made in order to
inculcate the idea that treason is a crime in this
country, and that it will be punished. I would
then extend pardon to all the rebel masses ; I
would withhold it from the leaders of the rebel-
lion. I would confer upon the freedmen, made
free by the Constitution and laws of the land,
universal suffrage.
Mr. President, as I said in a speech on the 4th
day of July last—and I wish to repeat it here
now,- to show that these are no new-formed
opinions—I say again :
"This is the geniusof our Government. I am will-
ing to trust the people; and I believe that our Uoy-
ernment, founded upon the will of all, protected by
the power of all, and maintaining the rights ot all,
will .survive tho Ftorms of civil and external convul-
sion, and growing in grandeur and power, will be-
come one of the mightiest nations on the face of the
, earth. Therefore I am opposed to slavery and seces-
! sion, for an undivided Union, for universal freedom,
and universal suffrage."
Senators, sixty centuries of the past are look-
■ ing down upon you. All the centuries of the
future are calling upon you. Liberty, strug-
gling amid the rise and wrecks of empires in
the past, and yet to struggle for life in all the
nations of the world, conjures you to seize this
great opportunity which the providence of Al-
mighty God has placed in your hands to bless
the world and make your names immortal, to
carry to a full and triumphant consummation the
great work begun by your fathers, and thus lay
permanently, solidly, and immovably the cap-
stone upon the pyramid of human liberty.
Apportionment of Representation.
SPEECH OF HON. J. B. HENDERSON,
Ob1 MiSSOUiT,
In the Senate of tiil: United States,
Februaryl 3, 1866.
Tho Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, h&viiijj
under "consideration tbo joint resolution (II. R. No.
51) proposing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States—
Mr. HENDERSON said;
Mr. President: I shall certainly have to
ask the pardon of the Senate on this occasion
for attempting to speak on a question of so
much importance without the preparation that
it is entitled to; but I feel, in regard to the con-
stitutional amendments now pending before
tho body, that if we do anything al all we ought
