1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2545
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I hope it will be
voted down, so that I may move this amend-
ment:
All persons who voluntarily adhered to the late
insurrection, giving aid and comfort to the so-called
southern confcclei acy, are lorever excluded trom hold-
ing any officc of tiustor profit under tho Government
of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
The question being put, there were—ayes 90,
noes 59.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. I demand tellers on
secon ding the deman d for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Farnswoutii and Stevens.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
-—ayes 85, noes 57.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.
Mr. DELANO. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered 5 and the
question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 84, nays 79, not voting 20 5
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Banks,
Baxter, Bidwell, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Chanter, Header W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Cook, Defrecs, dlxoii, Drie:gs, Dumont,
ICcklcy, l5g?lcston, E)drid?e, Eliot, Grid or, Griunell,
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hording, Harris, Hart,
lligby, Holmes. Hooper, llotuhkms, Asahol \v. llub-
hard, Dcmas Hubbard," Ingcrdoll, Julian, Kcllcy,
Kelso, Kerr. William Lawrence, Lc 3>iond. Loan,
Lynch, Marston, McClurg, McCallough, Mcludoe,
Mcreur, Morrill, Mouiton, Nib! nek, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perharn, Pike, Pxico, John 11. Kioc,
Hitter, Rogers. Rollins, Ross, Rousseau,. Sawyer,
Schcnek, iScoliold, Shanklin, Shellnbarger, Spalding,
Stevens, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upson. Ward. Elihu B. AVashburne,
Welker, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom. and Woodbridge—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Dclos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley. Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman,
Beniamm, Bergen, Bingham. Blaine, Blow, Boyer,
BuckJand, Bundy, CoflVoth, Cullom, .Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Deming. Dodge, Donnelly,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Griswold, Hayes, Henderson, Chester I).
Hubbard, James R. Ilubbell, llulburd, James Hum-
phrey, Jcnckes, Kasson, Kctcham, Kuykendall,
Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawronce, Longyear,
Marshall, McKee, Mcltuer, Miller, Moorhcad, Mor-
ns, Myers, Newell, Phelps, Plants, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, William II. Randall, Raymond,Alexan-
der 11. Rice, Sitgreavcs, Smith, Stilwell, Strouse,
Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Trimblo, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, llenrj' D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Whaley, Williams, Winfield,
and Wright—79.
NOT VOTING—Me^rs. Brandcgee, Culver, Deni-
son, Farguhar, Hale, Hill, Jlogan, John H. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Marvin, Niehol?on, Noell, Pomeroy, Sloan,
Starr, Van Aernain, and Wentworth—20.
So the main question was ordered.
During the roll-call,
Mr. STROUSE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Denison, had been called away on account of
sickness in his family.
The result having been announced as above
recorded.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. LE BLOND and Mr. ELDRIDGE de-
manded the yeas and nays on the passage of
the joint resolution.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the reading of the engrossed joint resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is not on the Clerk's
table.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
the House adjourn, and upon that motion I
call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my call for the reading of the engrossed
joint resolution.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
withdraw my motion to adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
of the Chair if it is in order to move to recom-
mit this joint resolution with instructions to
amend.
The SPEAKER. That is not now in order
pending the execution of the previous ques-
tion. The previous question will not be ex-
hausted until the joint resolution has been read
the third time.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—"No. 160.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, as follows:
A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Be itrewhedbytheSenate and IlouieofRepresentatives
of the United States of Amcricn. in Congress cmc/nWcrf,
(two thirds oi'both Houses concurring,) That tho fol-
lowing articlc bo proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States, as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as part of
the Constitution, namely:
Article —.
sec. 1. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of lile, liberty, or property with-
out due proccss of law; nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction tho equal protection of the
laws.
skc.2. Representatives shall be apportioned nmoug
the several Stateswhieh may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number ot persons m each State, ex-
cluding Indians not taxed. But whenever in any
State the elective franchiso shall bo denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of ago, or in any way abridged, except for par-
ticipation in rebellion or other crime, the.ba-ds of
representation in such State shall be reduced m the
proportion which the number ol such male citizens
shall bear to the whole number of male citizens not
less than twenty-ono years of asre.
sec. 3. Until tho 4lb day of July, in 1he year 1870,
all persons who voluntarily adhered to the late insur-
rection, giving it aid and comfort, shall be excluded
from the mlit to vote for Representatives in Con-
gress and for electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
sec. 4. Neither tho United Sfates nor any Shtte
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation already
incurred,or which may hereafter be incurred, in aid
of insurrection or of war againet tho United States,
or anyclaim for compensation lor loss of involuntary
service or labor.
Sue. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, tho provisions of this
article.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr.ELDttiDGE andMr.LEBLOND called
for the yeas and nays On the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Does not tho Con-
stitution require that the vote upon the passage
of an amendment to the Constitution shall bo
taken by yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. 'The Constitution requires
that the vote shall bo taken by yeas and nays
upon the passage of a measure over a veto.
Bat it only says that tho passage of an amend-
ment to the Constitution shall be by a two-
thirds vote of each House of Congress, but
does not say that the vote shall bo by yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative — yeas 128, nays 37, not
voting 19; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison. Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,Baldwin,
Banks,Barker, Baxter,Bearoan,Benjamin, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell. Bromwell,Broom-
all, Auckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke. Cobb. Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Da-
vis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, "terry, Garfield,Grinnell, Griswold, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Hart, IXnyes, Henderson, ltigby,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kclley, Kelso, Keteham,
Kuykendall. Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston,^Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, McKee, Mcltuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moornead,Morrill, Morris, Mouiton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perhom, Pike,
Plants, Price, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John H. Rioe, Rollins, Sawyer,
Sehenek, Seofield, Shelfabarger, Spalding, Stevens,
Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Williams, James P. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, WoodbridKe,and the Speaker—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Chanler,
Coffroth, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Harris, Kerr,
Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, MeCullough, Niblack,
Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross,Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith.Strouse,
Taber, Taylor/Thornton, Trimble, Whaley,Winfield,
and Wright—37. ^ T
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Brandegee, Culver, Den-
ison, Farquhar, Hale, Hill, Hogan, JohnH. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, John-
son, Jones. Marvin, Nicholson, Noell, Pomeroy,
Sloan, Starr, and Wentworth—19.
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the
joint resolution was passed.
When the name of Mr. Raymond was called,
his response in the affirmative was received
with applause on the floor and in the galleries.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to announce that
my colleague, Mr. James M. Humphrey, is
paired with another colleague, Mr. Pomekoy.
Mr. DEMING. My colleagues, Mr. Beamie-
gde and Mr. Hubbard, are both absent. If
they were present they would both vote for
this joint resolution.
Mr. ANCONA.. My colleague, Mr. Jonx-
sox. is still detained from his seat by illness.
Mr. RADFORD. My colleague, Mr. Jones,
is absent on account of sickness; if he was
here lie would vote against this joint resolu-
tion.
Tho announcement of the vote, as above
recorded, was received with applause on the
floor and in the galleries.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I want to know if it is understood that
the proceedings of this House are to be inter-
rupted by those who come here and occupy
the galleries.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] makes the point
of order that expressions of approbation or
disapprobation from persons occupying tho
galleries are not in order. The Chair sustains
the point of order. Members upon tho floor
and spectators in the gallery will observe the
rules of the House and maintain order.
Mr. ELDItlDGE. I do not want our pro-
ceedings to bo interrupted by tho "nigger-
lieads" in the galleries. [Hisses in the gal-
leries.]
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order for members
on the floor to disturb those in the galleries ?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Members upon the floor
should not ineultihe spectators in the galleries.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vole by which (ho joint resolution was passed;
and also move that the motion to reconsider
bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wagon roads in the territories.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, in reply to a resolution of the Hons©
of the 4th instant, in regard to certain wagon
roads in the Territories of Idaho, Montana,
Dakota, and Nebraska ; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
clerks in the navy department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from- the Secretary of the
Navy, in reply to a resolution of the House of
the 7th instant, in regard to the number of
clerks employed in that Department, in what
army they served, &c. ; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
indian expenditures.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the .
Interior, in response to a resolution of the
House of the 23d ultimo, relative _ to expend-
itures in the Indian service; which was or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
colored citizens of chicago.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
an address to the Congress of the United
States from the colored citizens of Chicago,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS moved that the address be re-
ferred to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment ovejr
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House adjourn to-day it
meet qa Monday next. I would say that I
