1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3505
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If that be the case, I
think we had better print it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a distinct thing
by itself. It has 110 connection whatever with
the others.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. It is to be bound in the
same volume, I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other volumes are
all printed. Whether this is to be bound in the
same volume or not I do not know, and the
chairman of the committee does not know.
He says he thinks all the volumes are *ofcmade
up; but whether they aie or not the volumes
will be complete without it, and there can be
no necessity and no propriety, in my judgment,
in publishing ten thousand copies of the Diplo-
matic Correspondence to be sent abroad by the
Secretary of State. I think we had better be-
gin when the question is first presented. I
hope the Senate will now strike it down to one j
thousand.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 17 ; as follows:
Y RAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler. Conncss,Grimes,
Howard, Howe, Nve, Pomeioy, Ramsey, Stewart,
Trumbull, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—It.
NAYS — Meesrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Doolittlc,
Foster, ilendiicks,Knkwood,Morgan,Ncsmith,Nor-
ton, Poland, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Spraguc,
Sumner, Willey, and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Clark, Cowan, Cragin, Crcswcjl,
Davis Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Guthrie, llarris,
Henderson, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougall. Morrill, Van Winkle, and Wright—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was adopted.
COMtfTOCK LODIO TUNNEL.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 3V2.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. o'yl i granting to A. Sulro the right of way,
and granting other privileges, to aid in the
cuntitniction of a draining and exploring tun-
nel to the Comstock lode, in the State of Ne-
vad.i, was considered as in Committee of the
"\\ hole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Mines aud Mining report an amend-
ment as a substitute for the original bill, and
the substitute only will be read unless some
Senator asks for the reading of the original
bill.
The Secretary read the substitute, as follows:
That for the purooso of the construction of a deep
draining and exploring tunnel to and beyond the
Coui^lock lode, so called, in the State of Nevada, tho
right of way is herebs' granted to A. Sutro, Ins heirs
and assigns, to run, construct, and excavate a mining,
draining, and exploring tunnel; also to sink mining,
working, or air slnit't? along the lino ot course ol snld
tunnel, and connecting with the same at any points
which may hereafter be selected by the grantee
herein, his hens or assigns. The said tunnel shall
be at least eight feet high and eight feet wide, and shall
commenco n t some point to be selected by the grantee
hcicm, his heirs or assigns, at the hilK near Cai>on .
rivei, and within the boundaries of Lyon count,v, j
and extending from said initial point in a westerly !
direction seven miles, moic or less to and bevond '
said Comstock lode; and the said right of way shall |
exlend northerly and southerly on the course of said j
lode, either within the same, or ea«t or wet of'the j
same; and also on or along any other lode which ,
mav be discovered or developed by the said tunnel, i
Sec. 2. And be it furdter ciactrd, That the right is j
hereby granted to the said A. Sutro, his heirs and i
assigns, to purchase, at $1 25 per acre, a sumeient ]
amount of public land near the mouth of said tunnel j
for the use of the same, not exceeding two sections, ;
and sii'-h land shall not be mineral land oi m the
bone /id': postros--ion of other persons who claim under
any law ol Congi e*s at the time of the passage of this
act, and all minerals existing or which shall be dis-
covered thei em are excepted from this grant; that
upon tiling a plot of said land the Secretary of the
Intel ior shall withdraw the same from sale, and upon
payment tor the same a patent shall i^me. And the
said A. Sutro, his heirs and assigns, are hereby granted
the right to purchase, at live dollars per acre, such
nnueial veins and lodes within two thousand teet on
each hide of snid tunnel as shall be cut, discovered,
or developed by running and constructing the same,
tbiongh its entiie extent, with all the dips spurs,
and angles of such lodes, subject, however, to the
provisions of thi< act and to «uHi legislation as Con-
gress may hereafter provide: Provided, That the Co Hi-
storic lode, with its dips,spurs, and angles isexcopted
from tin- ' rant, and all other loucs, with tneir dips,
spur- end anulesloeatod within the said two thousand
feet, and which are ormav be at the passage of tins
aef in the actual bona fid a posses'fon ot other per-
sons, are herchvoxecpted frr.m <ueli grant. And.the
lo<le< herein excited. ntucr than .ao^mstofiUMo,
•ball be withhold irom *>1* tbo Vi.Ue.1 btAte*.
and !f bUcK lodes shall ho abandoned or not worked,
possessed and held in conformity to existing mining
39TH CONG. 1ST Bess.—-No 220.
rules, or such regulations as have been or may be
prescribed by the Legislature of Nevada, they shall
beoomo subject to such rislit of purchase by the
grantee herein, his heirs or assigns.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactcd, That all persons,
companies, or corporations, owning claims or mines
on said Comstock lode,or any other lode, drained,
benefited, or developed by said tunnel, shall hold
their claims subject to the condition (which shall bo
expressed in any grant they may hereafter obtain
from the United States) that they shall contribute
and pay t<5 the owners of said tunnel the same rate
of charges for drainage, or other bcnelits derived
from said tunnel or its branches, ns have been or may
hereafter be named in agreements between such own-
ers and the companies representing amajority of the
estimated valuo of said Comstock lodo at tho time
of the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended j the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time,-and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION HILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill i\o. oK7.
Mr. CONNESS. If that bill is to be gone
on with 1 have nothing to say, but 1 desire to
occupy the floor for a moment to consider a
small bill, local to my State. What bill is
House bill No. 387 ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Indian appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator agree
that that bill shall He over informally for a
moment?
Mr. SIIEUMAN. I would rather go on
with it.
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend that the bill
T desire to call up will not occupy more than
two or three minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several bills in
that predicament, and 1 hope the Senator will
let this go on. If I yield to him, it will only
give rise to applications from others.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (IT. R. No. 387)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for "the year ending 30th Juno,
1807.
The bill was read at length.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in lines eleven and twelve to in-
crease the appropriation " for the pay of super-
intendents of Indian affairs and Indian agents"
from $87,450 to ^110,050.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
eleven hundred and fifty-six the following:
Minncconjon band of T>:ikota or Sioux :
For lh>t ot twenty installments to be paid in such
articles as the Secretary of the Interior may direct,
as per fouvtl-Lai ticle of treaty ol October 10, 1865, for
the fiscal year ending June 00,1807, frlO.OUO.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Lower Brule b-ind of Dakota or Sioux:
For first of twenty installments to be paid in such
articles as the Secreiajy ot the Interior may diioct,
as per fourth article of treaty of October It, 3865, for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1867, ?rG,UOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
previous amendment the following:
Blaokfeet band of Dakota or Sioux :
For lirht of twenty installments to be paid in such
articles as the Secretary ot the Interior nniv direct,
as per fourth article of trcatvOctober 19,1865,ior tho
fiscal year ending June 30,18(57, $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Two Kettlopband of Dakota or Sioux :
For fii-4 of twenty installments to be paid in such
article* a-' the Secretary of the Interior may direct,
as per fourth ai tiele of treats of Oetob< r 19, 1855, for
tho fiscal yeav ending June 150, 18f>7, s.o,000.
For tun snm, to ho paid th-  widow awl children of
Ish-tih thnn-ne-ah, up/It th^ direction ot Ihe Sec-
retary of IVk- Interior, as per sixth article of treaty
of October 19, 1805, '*500.
For this sum, being tor indemnity, to be paid under
the direction of tho Secretary of tho Intorior, as per
sixth article of the treaty ot October 19,1365, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Onk-pnh-pah band of Dakota or Sioux:
For first of twenty installments, beingthirty dollars
for cach lodge or family, (thiee bundled lodges,} to
be paid in such articles as the Secretary of the In-
terior may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of
October *20,1865, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1803, $<>,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
previous amendment the following:
Sans Arcs band of Dakota'or Sioux:
For first of twenty installments, being thirty dollars
to each lodge or family, (two hundred and eighty
lodges,) to be paid in such articles as the Secretary
of the Interior may dircct, as per fourth article of
treaty of October 20,1865, for tho fiscal year ending
June 30,1867, $8,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Yanktonai hsind of Dakota or Sioux :
For liist of twenty installments,beingthirty dollars
for each lodge or family, (three hundred and lUty
lodges,) to bo paid in Mich articles ax the Secretary
of the Interior may direct, as per fourth article of
treaty of October 20,1865, for tho fiscal year ending
June 30, 1807, £>10,500.
T3ie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Upper Yanktonnais band of Dakota, or Sioux:
For li15>t of twenty installments to be paid in such
article-; as the Secretary of the Interior may dircct,
as per fourth artielc of treaty of 0 tober 28,1865, for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G7, ^10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
words previously inserted the following :
O'gallala, band of Dakota or Sioux Indians:
For iirst of twenty installments, to be paid in such
articles as the Secretary of the Interior may dircct,
as per fourth article of treaty of October 28,1805, for
tho fiscal yoar ending June 30, 1807, 6-10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
ainendmeirrjust adopted the following:
Dakota, or Sioux:
For expense of transporting and delivering articles
furnished lor Indians on the upper Mi:-M>ut i livci,
pmtios to troaties made at Fort Sully in October,
1805, ft 20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Bois Fort band of Chippewa :
To enable the President of the United States to sot
apart a reservation tor the Bois Fort band ol Chip-
pewa Indians, a" provided in article third, treaty of
April 7,1865. SI ,000. .
For tho erection of one blacksmith shop, as per third
article treaty of Apiil 7,1866, £500. t
For the erection of a school-house, as per third
artielc ti eaty of April 7,186(5, 6500.
For the erection of eight houses for chiefs, as per
th'.id aiticlo ireaty of April 7, 1806, S3,200.
For the erection of an agency building and store-
house, as per third aitiele treaty ot April 7, 1806,
V*For*first of twenty installments, for the support of
one blacksmith and a^wtant, and for tools, irou and
steel, and other articles neee^ary for the blacksmith
shop, as per thiid article treaty of April /, i860, ior
the Jifecal vcar ending June 30,1867, SI,500.
For first of twenty installments, lor tho support of
one school teacher, and for necessary books and sta-
tioners', as per third article treaty of April 7,18b6, for
the fiscal year ending June 30, ISO*, SoOO. _
For first of twenty installments, ior the instruction
of tho Indians in fanning, and purchase of ;seeds,
tools &o.  as per third article treaty of April i, 180^,
for tin* fe-cal year ending June oO, lou/, Pi.
Forihvt of twenty installuicntsof annuity in money,
to be paid w>r mydta, as per thud article tmitv ot
Apiil 7, I860, for the fiscal year ending June 0), 180/,
&3.5UU. „ , n •, .
For first of twenty installments of annuity m pro-
visions ammunition, and tobacco, as per third article
troatv ol April 7,1866, for the fiscal year ending Juno
°Vo8r first oftwenty installments of annuity in goods
and other articles, as per third article treatv oi Apiil
7 I860 foi the liscai year ending June .A>, IMu , ^o..>uu.
>rJ?o enable tho chiefs, headmen, and w.nrmrd to
establish their people upon the new reservation, .aid
to purchase useful aitieh'^and pic-=ents, a^ pel iouun
artielc treatv of April 7,18'56, and Senate amendment
thereto, ^>.000. . . ,
To pay nece^ -ary \ ran^r-oi tut 'on and sub&i.^-'ace ot
the delegates who vi-'ited "Wa.-hinglon lor the «>ur-
po^eot negotiatin-r treaty, as per eighth article treaty
of April 7, IMG. ;-,10,000.
For transportation and ncccssary cost of delivery
