2548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
certainly would not make this motion if I
thought that by sitting here to-morrow and
next day we would facilitate the adjournment
of this Congress one single day. But I know
the situation of business in the Senate, and the
situation of business in this House, and I am
satisfied there is no necessity for us to press
matters as we have been doing. We have
done a pretty good week's work this week,
and everybody is tired, and the Doorkeeper
wants to-morrow and next day for the purpose
ef cleaning up this Hall and putting down the
matting for the summer.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to say to
the House that it is impossible that this work
of fixing the Hall can be done inside of four
days; and, therefore, there is no use in ad-
journing. If we meet, the committees can be
called, and we can make considerable progress
with our business.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, and
there were—ayes 78, noes 68.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and naj^s were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 68, not voting
36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Banks,
Beaman, Bidwcll, Blow, Boye-r, Chanler, Cobb, Cof-
froth, Conkling, Davis, Dawson, Delano, Deming,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eldridge, Finek, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hauling,
Harris, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Holmes, notehkiss,
Chester D. llubbard, Demas Hubbard, Hulburd,
Kasson, Kerr, Kuykendall,'Latham, Le Blond, Long-
year, Marshall, Marston, McCullough, McRuer,
Moorhead, Morrill, Monlton, Nihlack, Paine, Phelps,
Pike, lladford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, John H.
Rice, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanklin,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stilwcll, St rouse,
Taylor,Francis Thomas,Trimble,:Trowbridge, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Winiield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—79.
KAYS —Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Dclos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter,
Benjamin, Beigen, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell,
BroomaJl. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cullom,
Darling, Dawes, Defrees, Drimrs, Dumont, Ecklcy,
Eggle-,tun, Eliot, Earnsworth, Ferry, Goodyear, Gri-
der, Grinncll, Griswold, lligby, James 11. Hubbell,
James Humphrey, ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kel-
lpy, Kelso, Keteham, Laflm, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawi once, Loan, McClurg, MoKee, Mereur, Mil-
ler, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,
Perham,Price,Ritter.Rollins.Ross,Sitgreaves.Taber,
Tliayer._ Van Aernam.W ard, Warner, Henry D.W ash-
burn, William B. Washburn, and Windom—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Brandegee, Bromwell,
Buckland, Bundy, Cook, Culver, Denison.Farquhar,
Hale, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M.
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Lynch, Marvin, Mc-
Indoe, Nicholson, Noell, Plants, Pomeroy, William
H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Rogers, Sloan,
Starr, Stevens, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert
T. Van Horn, Welker, Wentworth, and Stephen F.
Wilson—06.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill (H. R. No.
667) entitled "An act to amend an act to
establish the grade of vice admiral in the
United States Navy."
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed House bills of the following titles
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested :
An act (H. R. No. 397) to authorize the
coinage of five-cent pieces; and
An act (II. R. No. Gil) imposing a duty on
live animals.
LEAVE or ABSENCE.
Mr. SMITH asked leave of absence for Mr.
vax IIorXj of Missouri, for three days.
Leave was granted.
Mr. McCULLOUQH asked leave of ab-
sence for Mr. Harris for one week.
Leave was granted.
Mr. BINGHAM asked leave of absence for
Mr. Shellabarger for ten days.
Leave was granted.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, asked indefinite leave
of absence for Mr. flpLBROOK.
Leave wag granted, ' *
Mr. ROSS asked leave of absence for Mr.
Thornton for one week.
Leave was granted.
TAXES ON IMPORTED SPIRITS.
Mr. DARLING-, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced' a bill to refund certain taxes upon
imported spirits ; which was -read a firsthand
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
DUTY ON LIVE ANIMALS.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the House, by
unanimous consent, proceeded to the consid-
eration of Senate amendment to the bill (H.
R. No. 511) entitled "An act imposing a duty
on live animals."
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Add at the end of the hill the following:
Provided, That any such animals now bona fide
owned by resident citizens of the United States, and
now in any of the Provinces of British America, may
bo imported into the United States free of duty until
the expiration of ten days next after the passage of
this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPHIC LINES.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to aid in the construction of
telegraphic lines, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
TA.X ON TOBACCO AND CIGARS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to present at this time an amendment to the
tax bill, relating to tobacco and cigars. I de-
sire that it may be printed, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, so that it can be taken up in connec-
tion with the bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
EMPEROR OP RUSSIA.
Mr. BANKS. I move that, by unanimous
consent, the Senate amendments to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 133) relative to the
attempted assassination of the Emperor of
Russia be taken from the Speaker's table
and considered at this time.
There wasno objection ; and the amendments
of the Senate were read, as follows :
In line five strike out the word "their."
Add the following as a new section :
Sec. 2. Andleit further resolved, That the President
of the United States be requested to forward a copy
of this resolution to the Emperor of Russia.
The amendments were concurred in.
AMENDMENT OF. PENSION LAWS.
Mr. BOYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and are hereby, requested to inquire into the expe-
diency of so amending the pension laws as to place
dependent fathers on the same footing with depend-
ent mothers.
IRRIGATION AND CANAL COMPANY.
' Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill granting right of way and mak-
ing a grant of land to the Sierra Nevada and
Contra Costa Irrigation and Canal Company,
in the State of California.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
LAND-GRANT RAILROAD IN OREGON.
_ On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, Senate
bill No. 99, entitled " An act granting land to
the State of Oregon to aid in the construction
of a military road from Albany, Oregon, to the
eastern boundary of said State,'' was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
: Lands,
ADJOURNMENT OVER AGAIN.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that by unan-
imous consent it be understood that no busi-
ness shall bo transacted in the House next
Monday, but that immediately on meeting we
shall adjourn. To-morrow and Saturday, with
Monday, will not more than give the Door-
keeper sufficient time to put the matting upon
the floor of the House and complete the other
arrangements for the summer occupancy of
the Hall. We have agreed to adjourn till
Monday, and unless we tjow allow sufficient
time for having this job thoroughly done, we
shall very soon have another adjournment of
two or three days. I trust there will be no
objection to my proposition.
Mr. MILLER. I object.
The SPEAKER. An adjournment of this
House under the Constitution cannot be for
more than three days except with the concur-
rence of the Senate. The Speaker will there-
fore be obliged to take the chair at twelve
o'clock next Monday ; but if there should be
no quorum in attendance those present can of
course adjourn until the next day.
J. B. WALKER AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent,- the Committee
on Banking and Currency was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of J.
B. Walker, and others, officers of the New
Hampshire Savings Bank, in Conecd, New
Hampshire; and the same was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
CLAIMS AGAINST VENEZUELA.
Mr. DRIGGS. A resolution which I offered
the other day contained an error, being ad-
dressed to the Secretary of State, instead of
the President. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution for the purpose
of correcting that error:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be respectfully requested, if not incompatible with
the public interest, to cause to be furnished to this
House a list of the claims of citizens of the United
States now pending in the United States legation at
Caracas, against the United States of Venezuela,
with a brief indication of the causes of complaint
and the reasons why payments have not been enforced
during a long series of years, and what measures are
necessary to bring these long-deferred claims to a
speedy settlement.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OP CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. MeRUER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of Cali-
fornia indorsing the action of the delegation in
Congress from that State in voting for the pas-
sage of the bill known as the Freedmen's
Bureau bill; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to bo printed.
COMMISSIONER OP PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings be directed to report to this House the number
of clerks and employes in his official service, with
the States from which they were appointed, and
what were their occupations previous to their ap-
pointment, with the number who were in the Union
Army, and the names, number, and residences of
such, if any, as hare been in the rebel army, and by
whom those of the latter class were recommended for
appointment.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to authorize the employment
of additional counsel in cases of claims depend-
ing against the Government of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
WASHINGTON CANAL.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to call the
attention of the House to a matter affecting
the sanitary condition of this city.
It is understood that workmen, under the
direction of the city authorities, have com-
menced removing the deposit and sediment
from the Washington canal, throwing this offen-
