m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
ixig tlje reconsideration of this bill is simply to
draw the attention of the proper committee of
the Senate to' the importance of the measure,
which I believe was passed without due consid-
eration. 'I believe it will be far more satisfac-
tory to the people of the country and far more
satisfactory to the members of the Senate to
■know that an important measure like this, af-
fecting the material and. industrial interests of
the whole country, depriving the Government
of an income-when it needs it so much, and
making it tributary to speculations upon the
industrial interests of the country, if it is to be
passed at all, h^s at least received the consid-
eration of the most important committee of this
body prior to its becoming a law. I trust, there-
fore, that the motion.I have made will prevail;
that the bill will, be reconsidered; and that it
^iil be referred to the Committee 011 Finance.
That is all I ask for.
Mr. MORGAN. If there was any real dan-
ger, such as seems to be apprehended by my
friend, the honorable Senator from Rhode Isl-
and, I should act and vote with him; but, sir,
there is no danger whatever. The bill is plain,
direct, and in no sense mimical to the interests
of the American manufacturer. I have listened
with some degree of attention to the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island, but I have heard
nothing which in any degree changes my mind,
or which should change the mind of any one in
relation to this bill. If we really are, as we are
supposed to be and as we ought to be, and asl
hope we arc, seeking a common object; if we
are endeavoring so to construct our national
statutes as that they shall be beneficial alike to
all classes of the community, then there is not
the slightest difficulty in relation to this measure.
Under existing laws, the importer of for-
eign merchandise is permitted to deposit his
goods in public store or bonded warehouse and
enter them for consumption at any time within
a period of twelve months. If he fails to enter
them during twelve months, he cannot then
enter them for consumption, and his only re-
dress is to reexport them, by which the Gov-
ernment loses all the duties, or to come to Con-
fress and ask for an extension of the time, which
as been frequently granted ; or he can export
them, as lie sometimes does, to the nearest and
least expensive port, and then reimport-them,
when of course they will again become subject
to the laws of the United States and can again
remain in the bonded warehouse. All this is
an unnecessary expense. The Secretary of the
Treasury, in concert with a committee of the
House of Representatives, has thought it best
that the Government should retain some por-
tion of tbis expense if it is to be incurred.
Consequently this bill contains a clause—and
the bill meets entirely the approval of the Treas-
ury Department—requiring the importer to pay
an additional duty est ten per cent, provided he
does not enter his goods within twelve months;
in other words, the money that is to be paid out
by the importer for the expenses of exporting
and reimporting is to be retained by the Govern-
ment. That is the bill as I understand it. It
is not essentially different from the laws we
already have in relation to the American manu-
facturer. The American manufacturer is not
required to pay his duty until his goods are sold.
I have had occasion to refer to the laws on the
subject, and I will read first an extract from the
act of June 80, 1864, '1 to provide internal reve-
nue t.o support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
as follows:
" That upon tho amounts, quantities, and values of
produce, goods, wares, merchandise, and articles pro-
duced or manufactured, and sold or delivered, here-
inafter enumerated, tho manufacturer or producer
thereof, whether manufactured or produced for fcrim-
eeli orfor others,shall pay to tho coiiector of internal
revenue within his district, monthly, or on or before
a Prescribed by tae Commissioner of Inter-
nal Kevenue, the duties on such products or manu-
factures/5
Again, in another section it is provided:
"And where such goods, wares, and merchandise
have beon removed for consumption or for delivery
to Others, or placed on shipboard, or are no longer
Within the custody or control of the manufacturer or
his agent, not being in his factory, store, or ware-
house, the value shall be estimated at the average of
the market value of the like goods, wares, and mer-
chandise at the time when tho same became liable to
duty."
Again, in another soction of the bill it is
provided:
" That upon the articles, goods, wares, and merchan-
dise hereinafter mentioned, except where otherwise
provided, which shall be produced and sold, or be
manufactured or made and sold, or be consumed or
used by the manufacturer or producer thereof, or re-
moved for consumption, or for delivery to others than
agents of the manufacturer or producer within the
United States or Territories thereof, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid," &c.
Then, again iu the act of March 3, 18G5,
amendatory of the act of June 30, 1864, it is
provided:
"That manufactured tobacco, snuff, or cigars,
whether of domestic manufacture orimportcd, may be
transferred, without payment of the duty, to abonded
warehouse established in conformity with law and
Treasury regulations, under such rules and regula-
tions and upon the execution of such transportation
bonds, or other security, as the Secretary ol the Treas-
ury may prescribe, said bonds or other security to be
taken by the collector of the district from which such
removal is made; and may be transported from such
a warehouse to a bonded warehouse used forthe stor-
age of merchandise, at any port of entry, and may be
withdrawn from bonded warehouse for consumption
on payment of tho duty, or removed tor export to a
foreign country without payment of duty, in conform-
ity with the provisions of law relating to the removal
of distilled spirits."
The eleventh section of the same act provides:
"That lucifer or friction matches, and cigar lights
and wax-ta pers, may be transferred, without payment
of duty, diroctly from the place ol manufacture to a
bonded warehouscestablishcd in conformity withlaw
and Treasury regulations; and upon theexccution of
such transportation bonds, or other security, as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, said bonds
to betaken by_ the collector in the district from which
such removal is made, and may bo withdrawn there-
from for consumption after affixing the stamps thereto,
as provided by tho act to which this act is an amend-
ment, or may bo removed therefrom for export to a
foreign country without payment of duty or affixing
stamps thereto, in conformity with the provisions of
the act aforesaid, relating to the removal of distilled
spirits."
In addition to this authority given to the man-
ufacturer, I understand it is customary for the
manufacturer only to pay the duties as he wishes
to sell his goods. At any rate, the law here
seems to give such an authority. But if there
was a discrimination between the internal rev-
enue law and the law for collecting duties on
foreign imports, it would bo for Congress to
consider it. This bill is in all respects just, and
it ought not to be reconsidered. It has the
approval of the Treasury Department; and al-
though my friend from Rhode Island seemed to
intimate that there was a conspiracy between
the. Secretary of the Treasury and the importers
of the country, 1 think he was entirely mistaken
in his fears. Nor have I been able to see how
the revenues of the country are to be lessened
by this measure. It will be, under certain cir-
cumstances, an accommodation. It will save
the importers the necessity of coming to Con-
gress and asking for special laws. It will save
them, as I have said before, from the necessity
of exporting their property and then reimport-
ing it, and thus will avoid an unnecessary ex-
pense. But the bill, should it become a law,
will not be availed of to any very great extent.
It is not to the advantage of the importing mer-
chants to keep their goods three years or one
year in the bonded warehouse. That is only
done on rare occasions, at times when trade is
very much depressed. For instance, two years
since, when the Congress of tho United States
passed a law in one day through both Houses
raising the duties fifty per cent., it would have
been very unjust, indeed, if there had not been
then a law to alloiv goods to be placed in public
stores, for during the same session of Congress
that duty was entirely removed in some eases.
Mr. POMEROY. I have only had my at-
tention called to this bill quite recently ; but it
occurs to me that we ought not to make a law
deranging the adjustment which the Committee
on Finance supposed they had fixed in the bill
of last year, at least without their consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that this bill will
be laid aside and 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will excuse
me for a moment, I think I can make a sugges-
tion which will perhaps be agreed to, and save
any further trouble on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Illinois
yield to the Senator from Maine ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. I was merely
going to call for the order of the day, with a
view of getting rid of this matter, as it is likely
to lead to a long debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know, sir, but
that this bill is all right. I wish to state, how-
ever, that when it passed I had not read it.
The question came up here about referring it
to the Committee on Commerce, and it struck
me at the time that it ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Finance; but that direction being
given to it, I said it might as well go there. At
that time I was under the impression—I was
told—that it simply provided a remedy for cer-
tain persons who had by accident omitted to
withdraw their goods for consumption within
the time limited by the law and wished to'do so.
On looking at it, however, I find that it contains
other provisions, and quite material provisions,
it maybe. I have not looked at them, nor have
the Committee on Finance; and I suggest to my
friend from New York whether it would not be
as well to let it be reconsidered and go to the
Committee on Finance. We can then consider
it, and if the bill is all right we can report it
back in a short time.
Mr. MORGAN. I prefer not to have it
reconsidered and referred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, instead of con-
tinuing this matter longer to-day, I think it
might as well go over, in order that we may
have an opportunity of examining it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theregular
order of the day having been suspended by com-
mon consent, it is subject to the call of any mem-
ber of the Senate, and objection being made to
the further consideration of the pending ques-
tion, the regular order of the day is before the
Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to say one word
on this question prior to its going over, and I
will ask the indulgence of the Senator from
Illinois for just one moment.
Mr. TRU MB ULL. The Senator from Rhode
Island sees that the Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Pomekoy] has the floor, and if any Senator is
allowed to go on others will insist on speaking.
This matter will come up again.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not insist on occu-
pying the floor to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order of the day is now before the Senate, be-
ing Senate bill No. 61.
PROTECTION or CIVIL. RIGHTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
61) to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights, and furnish the means of
their vindication.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Laxe] to the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
to the first section of the bill, and upon that
question the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] is entitled the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senatorfrom
Kentucky will allow me, I desire to withdraw
my amendment to the amendment, and to offer
another in lieu of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is com-
petent for the Senator to do so, no action hav-
ing been taken upon it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment, and in lieu
of it move to amend the amendment by insert-
ing after the word "Power" the words " and
Indians holding lands in severalty by allot-
ment." With the consent of the Senator from
Kentucky, I will state to the Senate the evil that
my amendment is intended to cure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor,
Mr. DAVIS. If it does not occupy too ir uch
time, I will yield.
