3506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
of annuity goods and provisions to the Bois Fort band
of Chippewa Indians, as per sixth article treaty of
April 7, 1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867,
$1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Tabequache band of Utah Indians:
For building a blacksmith shop for the Tabequache
band of Utah Indians, as per tenth article treaty of
October 7,1863, §500.
For the purchase of iron'and steel and necessary
tools for said shop, as per tenth article treaty of Oc-
tober 7,1863, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1865,
$220.
For the purchase of iron, steel, and necessary tools
for said shop, as per tenth article treaty of October
7,1S63, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1866, $220.
For the purchase of iron, steel, and necessary tools
for said shop, as per tenth articlo treaty ot October 7,
1863, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867, $220.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant for the Tabe-
quache band of Utah Indians, as per tenth article
of treaty of October 7,1863, for the fiscal year ending
Juno 30, 1865, $1,100.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant for the Tabe-
quacho band of Utah Indians, as per tenth articlo
of treaty of October 7,1863, for the fiscal year ending
Juno 30,1866, $1,100.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant for the Tabe-
quache band of Utah Indians, as per tenth article
treaty of October 7, 1863, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1867, $1,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Arapaho and Cheyenne Indians of the upper
Arkansas river:
For reimbursing members of the bands of Arapaho
and Cheyenne Indians who suffered at Sand Creek,
November 29,1964, to be paid in United States secu-
rities, animals, goods, provisions, or such other useful
articles as the Secretary of the interior may direct,
as per sixth article treaty of October 14,1865, $39,060,
For first of forty installments, to be expended in
such manner and for such purposes as the Secretary
of the Interior may direct, being an amount equal to
twenty dollars per capita for two thousand eight hun-
dred persons, tho number agreed upon for the present
year, as per seventh articlo treaty of October 14,1865,
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867, $56,000.
For tiansportation of goods, provisions, &e., pur-
chased for the Arapaho and Cheyenne Indians of the
upper Arkansas river, for the fiscal year onding June
30,1867, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
Omaha tribe of Indians:
For this sum, to be expended by their agent, under
the direction of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
for goods, provisions, cattle, horses, construction of
buildings, farming implements, breaking of lands,
and other improvements on their reservation, as per
second article of treaty of March 6, 1865, $50,000.
For this sum, to bo paid as damages, in consequenee
of the occupation of a portion of the Omaha res-
ervation, and use and destruction of timber by the
"Winnebago tribe of Indians, as per third article of
treaty of March 6.1865, 87,000.
For keeping in repair a grist and saw mill, as per
eighth articlo of treaty of March 10,1854, and third
articlo of treaty of March 6,1865, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1867, $300.
For pay of one engineer and assistant, as per eighth
articlo of treaty of March 16,1854, and third article
of treaty of March 6,1865, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1867, $1,800.,
For pay of one miller and assistant, as per eighth
article of treaty of March 16, 1854, and third article
of treaty of March 6, 1865, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1867, $1,200.
For pay of farmer, as per eighth article of treaty
of March 16.1854, and third article of treaty of March
6,1865, for tho fiscal year ending June 30,1867, $900.
For pay of blacksmith and assistants, as per eighth
article of treaty of March 16,1854, and third article
of treaty of March 0,1865, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1S67, $1,200.
For support of blacksmith shop and supplying tools
for the same, as per eighth articlo of treaty of March
16,1854, and third article of treaty of' March 6,1863,
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867, $300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just read the following:
Yakama nation:
Forsecond installmentforkecpinginrepair black-
smith's,tinsmith's, gunsmith's,carpenter's, and wagon
and plowmaker's shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth articlo of treaty June 9,1855,
$500.
For third installment for keeping in repair blaek-
smith's.tinsmith's, gun smith's,carpenter's, and wagon
and plowmaker's shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article treaty June 9, 1855,
$500.
For fourth installment for keeping in repair black-
smith s,tinsmith's, gunsmith's,carpenter's, and wagon
and plowmaker's shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article treaty Juno 9,1855,
$oOO.
3?or fifth installment for keeping in repair black-
smith's,tinsmith's, gunsmith's,carpenter's,and wagon
and plowmaker's shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article treaty Juno 9,1855,
$500.
For sixth installment for keeping in repair black-
smith's,tinsmith's, gunsmith's,carpenter's,and wagon
and plowmaker's shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article of treaty June 9,1855,
$500.
For seventh installment forkeepingin repair black-
smith's,tinsmith's, gunsmith's,carpenter'stand wagon
and plowmaker's shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article treaty Juno 9,1855,
$500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert as a new section the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no funds be-
longing to any Indian tribe with which treaty rela-
tions exist shall be applied in any manner not author-
ized by such Jjreaty, or by express provisions of law,
nor shall money appropriated to execute a treaty be
transferred or applied to any other purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the other
amendments which are proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, that is to say, sections three,
four, five, and six, which concern the transfer
of the Indian Bureau to the War Department,
I will ask the honorable Senator from Ohio to
let that matter go over until the bill comes to
be considered hereafter, as I desire to move an
executive session to-day to consider an Indian
treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
proceed to consider this proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We shall not be able to
proceed with the consideration of this question
to-day. It will occupy some considerable time
in its discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
proceed with the discussion now, because I
know it will occupy some time ; but I will not
press a vote upon it to-day if the Senator does
not desire it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think it had better go
over until the estimates come in for the treaties
which have been confirmed, and which did not
go to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather go on reg-
ularly with the amendment. This is the only
topic that will be likely to create any division
of opinion, and I prefer to proceed with it to-day
as far as we can. As a matter of course, if the
Senator, after the discussion, does not want a
final vote to-day I will not press it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is Saturday after-
noon, and I desire an executive session, and
I think we had better go into executive session.
If we should adjourn a little earlier to-day than
usual it would be no loss of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the reading of
the section. I desire to say a few words in
regard to the pending proposition.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was to insert as a new section the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 31st day of December, 1866, tho Secretary
of War shall exercise the supervisory and appellate
powers and possess the jurisdiction now exercised
and possessed by the Secretary of the Interior in re-
lation to all the acts of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and shall sign all requisitions for the advance
or payment of money out of the Treasury on esti-
mates or accounts,subject to the same adjustmentor
control now exercised on similar estimates oraccounts
by the Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury, or
either of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I should
like to have the attention of the Senate while
I make a brief statement in regard to tho very
important proposition ingrafted on this bill by
the Committee on Finance. It is contained
in the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth sections.
The effect of this proposition is to transfer the
Indian Bureau to the Department of War, the
place where it was before the organization of
the Interior Department. The language of
the third section is precisely the same as that
which was used in organizing the Interior De-
partment in 1848. This amendment—for the
whole four sections are really but one amend-
ment—was prepared in the House of Repre-
sentatives by the Comnjittee on Appropriations,
but was excluded as an amendment in that
House on account of the rules of the House.
It has been examined and considered by the
Committee on Finance, and is now proposed
as an amendment to this bill here.
I will state that in offering this amendment
there was no intention t.o reflect upon any offi-
cer of the Government, either the Secretary of
the Interior or the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs; and indeed one reason for offering the
amendment now was that the time was favor-
able. The transfer will not take effect until
the 1st  f January, and we know that the pres-
ent incumbent of the Interior Department will
shortly after that time become a member of the
Senate. He is going out of his present office,
and we do not know who will come in his place ;
if, then, this transfer is made, it cannot be con-
sidered to reflect upon him or any officer of the
Government. I am sure that I would not vote
for this proposition or any other if it called in
question either the integrity, the character, or
the capacity of the present liead of the Interior
Department. There is no man in public life for
whom I have a higher respect and regard than
I have for him. But he will bo, shortly after
this change takes effect, a member of this body.
We do not know who the incoming officer may
be, and therefore we cannot reflect upon hiin.
The general reasons for the transfer of the
Indian Bureau to the War Department I will
state. We are of the opinion that it is better
to substitute military officers, who hold their
commissions for life, in place of the Indian
superintendents and Indian agents. We be-
lieve that by this substitution we shall get
the security of a commission for life, and get
the services of an officer of the Army for this
duty without any increased pay. At present
we have no security from a superintendent of
Indian affairs or from any Indian agent that
amounts to anything, while if an officer of the
Army was there performing the same duties,
there would be"a chain of accountability from
the soldier up to the general that would always
give a sense of security. There is a burden of
responsibility as against an officer of the-Army
that does not exist against any other person.
This security would be worth more than all the
bonds that can be executed by any civil officer.
Another thing is to be considered; an In-
dian always has more respect for a uniform
and a musket than he has for any civil author-
ity ; one soldier, or one officer, can do more
in an Indian territory than any number of
agents or superintendents. The present sys-
tem is conducted b.y civilians entirely, who
arc under salaries, but with no responsibility
whatever, and who cannot be punished for any
offense committed within the Indian territory.
The courts do not extend over the remote
Indian territory. It is impossible to have any
chain of responsibility. The consequenee is,
that complaints without number, and charges
of the most grave and serious character, are
constantly made against Indian agents and
superintendents, without any means or facili-
ties to examine into the truth of those charges,
without any mode of ascertaining the accuracy
of them, without any means of taking testi-
mony, and without any tribunal before whom
they_ can be tried. The United States courts
are ineffective, because they do not extend so
far as to be practically useful. The truth is,
therefore, that we place the Indians and the
disbursement of all the millions of money ap-
propriated for their support in the hands of
Indian agents and superintendents, who are
under no substantial accountability to any
one. It is true, they may be removed from
office; but their offenses are committed at a
remote region, beyond the eye of the officers
of the law, who are here in Washington; there
is no chain of responsibility, and I have no
doubt that this has caused many of the com-
plaints that have been made from time to time
against Indian superintendents and agents,
and many of the gross abuses that have grown
up out of this system.
On the question of economy, it may he said
that we shall .have for some time a pretty large
Army; that the only use for this Army in time
