1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
when the magnificent victories of Sherman,
from the mountains of Tennessee throughout
all Georgia, North and South Carolina, and
Virginia, shall have been forgotten; when the
name of Thomas shall have sank into oblivion;
when even Lincoln shall have been buried with
Julinsand Augustus Caesar, there will arise one
remarkable man, high on the horizon, on Orion
among the Pleiades; arid that is Clark, the
printer of the public money! [Great laughter. ]
Sir, the record of the past is made up be-
tween mo and the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, and I have not one word to take back or
to reiterate now. There is the record. It is
imprinted upon the public documents of the
country, and it will go down, if suCh things are
worthy of being gathered up in the sewers of
the future, to a long posterity. All I have to
say is, that not one paper was produced by me
then, not one original document, not one damn-
ing iota of the record, that did not come from
theTreasury Department itself, vouched for and
verified by the officers of or under the Secretary
of the Treasury himself. The remarks of the
gentleman have alone prompted me to say what
I have to say upon this occasion in vindication
of the report that I have made. What is immor-
tality? Is it service in this House? To-morrow
we are not here, and are soon to be forgotten.
What is immortality? It is in these statues
that now and hereafter may surround this Cap-
itol, in these portraits that are hereafter to do
honor to those men who have done honor to their
country; it is in these emblazonments upon
the public money, these engravings which not
only enter every man's pocket, but every man's
bosom, and every woman's, too. [Laughter.]
And it is upon this immortal record that the
name and fame and picture of this man Clark
is being sent, through this great country to the
utter destruction of the name of George Wash-
ington, whose portrait, has been taken off that
record, and that of Clark substituted in its
stead.
Sir, the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Tjiayf.r] is right. No man should
be immortalized upon the public money of the
country until the verdict of posterity has been
pronounced upon his name, and it can go down
upon that record sanctioned by the voices of
men of all parties, of all politics, and of all
religions.
Sir, the Secretary of the Treasury has not
done right in this matter. It was within his
power to control it, and he ought to have con-
trolled it. Hut in the present disruption of
affairs in the Tioasury machinery, running, as
it is now, in conflict and in different ways, it is
not unnatural that this thing should have hap-
pened.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Let it be distinctly un-
derstood tliaL 1 made no defense of this partic-
ular picture being put on our currency. The
point I made against the proposition of the gefP
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] was
on the general principle that the picture of no
living man should be on our currency.
Now, I wish to say only a word in answer to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
I do not forget that lie was the public accuser
of Mr. Clark two years ago. I do not forget
that in his vain attempt to sustain his accusa-
tion he stooped to become a public scavenger;
he consented to send into the purlieus of the
city of Washington, and, through his associate
in accusation, drag up all that is foul and spread
it out. bedaubing the public archives with a
record that the committee would not even con-
sent to have read in their hearing; a record hav-
ing no legal character, but made up in houses
of ill-fame by a man now infamous by judicial
decision. It is on such evidence that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bkooks] under-
took to make good his outrageous accusations.
It was his aet of putting such documents on
the public records that linked his name for-
ever with that most disreputable conspiracy
against the Treasury and the public credit. I
do not wish to enter into this discussion, but I
should suppose the gentleman's recollection^
his share in those accusations would be to him
anything but gratifying.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, "a public
scav®ft'ger," the honorable gentleman from
Ohio chooses to call me. 1 did not put. this
man into the Treasury Department. I did not
make up the records there. They were made
by the officers of the Treasury, and as a pub-
lic man I found those record's in the Treasury,
and, without adding one word whatsoever, I
brought them to the attention of the House.
They were verified. They were collected by
officers of the Government; and when I found
the printing of the public money intrusted to
such a personage, I felt it my duty _ to bring
that testimony before the public.
.Sir, many of us in these days, here and else-
where, are obliged to breathe odors that are
offensive to us. We are not responsible for
the atmosphere that may surround us. If
there be a sewer to cleanse, I did not create
that sewer. If there be necessity for a scav-
enger, I was not the public man who provided
the materials for that scavenger to remove
from the public eye. But I saw that the print-
ing of the public money, an immense mass
of it, thousands and thousands of millions of
dollars, was intrusted to a man without ante-
cedents, except those that were bad ; without
character, except that which was stamped as
bad by public officers of the Government;
without history, except that which was corrupt
from top to bottom, and I, as a public man,
felt it. my duty, in defense of the public purse,
to proclaim to this House that something was
wrong. icf'
A report was published, signed by no other
person than the honorable gentleman, from
Ohio, having appended to it the signatures of
none of his colleagues on the committee, while
the document to which I wrote my name was
signed by a number of those who were associ-
ated with mo on that committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will allow
mo to ask him if he does not know that the
majority of that committee agreed with me,
and if they did not do it in his hearing?
Mr. BROOKS. No, I donot know anysuch
thing. On the contrary, a member of that
committee has told me he never agreed to
that report, and Governor Fenton, of New
York, did not sign it, but made out a separate
paper.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman do
me the justice to say that Governor Fenton
stated that ho agreed with the majority of the
committee to all the parts of the report except
one feature of it, the reflection on the New
■York Bank Note Company?
Mr. BROOKS. The report speaks for itself;
there it is. It is signed by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] and signed by no other
person ; while the document to which my name
is appended is signed by every man upon that
committee who acted with me.
Mr. GARFIELD. The report was not signed
by me ; it was not signed at all.
Mr. BROOKS. The name "Garfield" i!
appended to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon; my name is not signed to it; itismade
as the report, of the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If a man's reputation
will not last longer than these five-cent notes,
it will not amount to much. [Laughter.]
Mr. BALDWIN. I rise to a point of order,
that this debate is not germane to the subject
before the House.
Mr. BROOKS. How much time have I left ?
The SPEA KER. One minute.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I will say nothing
further.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say a word to bring the debate hack to the
subject-matter under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] has made a point of
order, which roust be decided unless it is with-
drawn.
Mr. BALDWIN. I am not inclined to insist
upon it, if the debate goes no further in that
direction.
The SPEAKER. The paragraph proposed
to be stricken out is as follows:
Provided, That hereafter no portrait or likeness of
any living person shall be engraved or placed upon
any of the bonds, securities, notes, or postal currency
of the United States.
The Chair is of opinion that debate in regard
to putting on .the currency and bonds of the
United States the likenesses of living persons
would be in order; and that it would involve
the propriety of, putting on the likenesses of
various persons already on the currency of the
United States; thus opening up a wide range
of debate.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to bring back the discussion more nearly to the
subject-matter under consideration. The Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency have under
consideration at this time a resolution referred
to them by the House looking directly to this
subject of Mr. Clark's likeness being placed
upon this money. It occurs to me that the
proper time to consider the subject to which
my colleague [Mr. Thayer] has called the at-
tention of the House will be when that com-
mittee shall have made its report; and it also
occurs to me that such an amendment as this is
not strictly germane to an appropriation bill.
Therefore I think it would be wise for the House
to concur in the action of the Senate, and strike
this proviso out of this bill. Then, when the
Committee on Banking and Currency report
upon the resolution referred to them, this ques-
tion of the propriety of placing the likenesses
of "living heroes" upon our currency can le-
gitimately come up as an independent propo-
sition for the action of this House.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether it
is necessary to call the previous question; I
hope it is not, but that we shall come to a
vote.
I understand that my colleague [Mr. Thayer]
is simply opposed to putting the faces of peo-
ple upon the currency of the United States on
account of the likelihood that they can be easily
counterfeited. Many persons think that of all
parts of the human form that which is least
examined is the face. I think you better have
that there than put on any of her part. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. THAYER. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question will be upon
concurring with the amendment of the Senate;
the motion to bring the two Houses together
taking precedence of the motion to non-concur.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Strikeout the following:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, and
public grounds around thein, around the executive
offices, and Pennsylvania avenue. Bridge and High
streets, Georgetown, Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and
Twelfth streets, across the Mall, and Maryland ave-
nue west, and Sixth street south, per act of March 3.
1863, $13,000.
The OSfemittee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
Insert the following:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for tho
Naval Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866, $178,064.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend that the amendment be non-concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Strike out the following:
To pay H. A. Klopfer for ten months' services as a
laborer in the office of the Attorney General, at forty
dollars per month, $400: Provided, That no money
shall be paid under the provisions of this bill to reim-
burse Brigham .Young for money advanced .while
Governor and ex officio superintendent of Indian af-
fairs of the Territory of Utah until the same shall bo
thoroughly investigated by some of the standing com-
mittees of Congress.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended that the House concur in the amend-
