1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
158t
merit of the Senate, with an amendment to in-
sert the following:
To pay H. A. Klopfer for ten months' services as a
laborer in the oftice of the Attorney General, at forty
dollars per month, $400.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurring on the Senate amend-
ment as amended, it was concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
Add to the bill the following additional sections:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That such sum as
may be required to pay the additional compensation
provided by section three of an act making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Governmentfor the year ending June
30,1865, and for other purposes, approved June 25,
1864, up to and including the 30th day of June, 180(5,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated.
Sec. —. Andbeit further enacted, Thatfromandafter
the 1st day of April, 1866, there shall be paid annu-
ally, instead of the yearly salaries at present author-
ized, to the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia,
$4,000 dollars; to the treasurer, $3,500, and $1,500 for
additional compensation as Assistant Treasurer of
the United States: to themelter and refiner, $3,000;
to the assayer, S3,000; to the assistant to the assayer,
$2,000; to the chief coiner, $3,000; to the assistant to
the chief coiner, $2,000; to the engraver. 83,000; to one
clerk, $2,500; to two clerks, $2,000 each; to four clerks,
SI,500 each; to the treasurer of the branch mint at
San Francisco, for salary as Assistant Treasurer of
the United State?, iri addition to his salary as treas-
urer of said mint, $1,500: to the Assistant Treasurer
of the United States at New York, £8,000; to the As-
sistant Treasuier of the United States at Boston,
$5,000; to the AssistantTreasurer of the UnitedSfates
at St. Louis, $5,000. And the amount necessary to
carry these provisions into effect, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1866, is hereby appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended that the amendment be concurrcd in,
with an amendment striking out the second
section.
The amendment proposed b}T the Committee
on Appropriations to strike out the second sec-
tion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the various votes upon the amend-
ments of the Senate; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
appoint a committee to confer with a similar
committee of the Senate, with reference to the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on this
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. TUOWBKIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
hud examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (II. It. No. 57) authorizing the Sec-
retaries of War and the Navy to place hulks
and vessels at the disposal of commissioners of
quarantine, or other proper authorities at ports
of the United States for one year ; whereupon
the Speaker signed the same.
REPORTS 01? REVENUE COMMISSION.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Hou^o, twenty thousand extra copies, and tor the use
of the Treasury Department two thousand copies of
the following special reports of the United States
revenue commissioners :
Report on distilled spirits, petroleum, proprietary
medicines, Arc.;
On the influence of the duplication of taxation on
industry;
On the relations of foreign trade to domestic in-
dustry;
On iron and steel;
()n wool;
On copper and zinc;
Selections trow the testimony relative to the devel-
opmciit of the cotton trade industry; and
The repoit to the commission on the taxation and
manufacmre of malt liquors in Europe.
And that the Public Punter be instructed to re-
servo from the extia copies ordered for the JTousc,
ten thousand copies, and from the copies ordered for
the Treasury Department, one thousand copies, and
to bind the samc in connection with the other gen-
ei.tl and special reports of the commission in tuch a
manner as to present all the reports of the commis-
sion complete m one \olume; and the printer is au-
thorized to print any additional copies of the reports
heretofore ordered, necessary to make ten thousand
complete sets.
The SPEAKER. This resolution will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 38) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river, at the city of St. Louis, State of Mis-
souri, and at the city of East St. Louis, State
of Illinois;
An act (S. No. 168) to provide for the dis-
posal of certain lands therein named; and
An act (S. No. 179) in relation to the dis-
trict courts of the United States in the State
of California.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] will move to dispense with the night
session, as I think we have done a very good
day's work.
Mr. STEVENS. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
RETIRED LIST.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolutionj which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
jResolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
bo requested to inquire into the expediency of pla-
cing: officers of the volunteer service, totally disabled
while in the line of their duty, on the Army retired
ist, and to report by bill or otherwise.
JAMES SHAW, AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers of James Shaw, and oth-
ers, for compensation for horses taken by mil-
itary authority, on condition that copies were
left.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE
On motion of Mr. FARQUIIAR, leave of
absonce was granted to Mr. Dumont for two
weeks.
CHOLERA.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution providing for the ap-
pointment by the Secretary of War, under the
direction of the Surgeon General, of a commis-
sion to visit Constantinople and inquire into
the best means to prevent the spread of cholera
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second t ime, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Warner for two
weeks.
MICHIGAN WAGON ROADS.
Mr. DR1GGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the State of Michigan for the
construction of certain wagon roads for military
and postal purposes," approved June 20, 1804;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred : and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY CTJXNINCIIAM.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the petitions and papers of Mary
Cunningham, on condition that copies were
left.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: A memorial of widows and
orphans of Richmond, Virginia, asking that, as the
confederate debt has been repudiated, Congress
should declare null and void all contracts, bargains,
and sales of real estate made during the existence
of tho confederacy.
By Mr.BARKER: A petition?from citizens of Blair
county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to so amend
the tariff as to protect the labor of American citi-
zens to tho extent of the difference of cost of labor
and capital here and abroad, with the addition of
taxes paid by American industrial products from
which the foreign are free.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Mifflin county,
Pennsylvania, asking for the passage of such reve-
nue laws as will afford more ample protection to
American capital and labor.
Also, a petition from citizens of Mifflin county,
Pennsylvania, asking that Congress may enact-such
laws to regulate inter-State insurances of all kinds
as will offer the greatest security for the interests pro-
tected by policies, &c.
Also, a petition from the boatmen on the line of
the Pennsylvasia canal, for a change in the revenue
laws.
Also, a petition from citizens of Hollidaysburg,
Blair county, Pennsylvania, asking for protection to
American industry.
Also, five petitions from citizens of Cambria county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to so amend the
tariff as to protect the labor of American citizens
to the extent of the difference of cost of labor and
capital here and abroad, with the addition of the
taxes paid by American industrial products from
which the foreign are free.
By Mr.BOYER: The petition of certain brewers of
the United States, praying that in the arrangement
of the tariff between the United States and the Brit-
ish Provinces in North America, the duty on barley
may be fixed at a rate that will not lessen the manu-
facture of malt liquors or induce the uso of foreign
ingredients.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of I. T. Frisbie, Ed-
ward Webster, and 26 others, citizens of Onondaga
county. New York, praying for increased protection
to the producers of American wool.
By Mr. DAWES: The memorial of North Adams
Savings Bank, remonstrating against taxing deposits.
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of Philip Robin-
son, Peter Benshell, and others, brewers in Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, asking that the tariff between
the United States and tho British possessions bo so
adjusted os to permit the introduction of barley.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of William Leas,
and56 others, wool-growers of Jeffersoncounty, Ohio,
asking an additional tax on wool.
By Mr. HENDERSON: A memorial from the o8i-
eors of the navy-yard at Mare Island, California, for
increase of pay.
Also, a memorial from 202 eitizcjis of Washington
Territory, in reference to the Oregon and Washington
Territory war debt.
By Mr. HOOPER,of Massachusetts: The memorial
of George B. Upton, and others, ship-owners, in favor
of a revision of the import duties and internal tax to
reduce tho cost of ship-building.
"Also, the memorial of Chelsea Savings. Bank, for
exemption from tax on their deposits.
Also, the memorial of JchabodGoodwin, andothers,
ship-owners, to relieve the shipping interests from
taxation.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of New York: The memorial
of the North American Lloyd Transatlantic Steam-
ship Company, praying that a subsidy of $300,000 per
annum for tour years bo granted them for carrying
the mail in first-class vessels now owned by them,
from NewYork to Southampton and Bremen and
back twice per mouth each way. and that an addi-
tional compensation bo allowed them when the ser-
vice shall be increased to a weekly, <fcc.
By Mr. INGEIISOLL: The petition of citizens of
Wethersfield, and other towns in Illinois, for a law
regulatinar insurances.
ByMr.KASSON: The petition of Thomas J. Hen-
drv, and 69 others, for equalization of bounties.
By Mr. KETCH AM: The petition of II. D. Gay,
George London, and others, citizens of New Lebanon,
Columbia county, New York, i'or an additional duty
on ioreign wool.
By Mr. LAFLIN : The petition of citizens of Jef-
ferson and Lewis counties, New York, in favor of the
establishment of just and equal laws for tho regula-
tion of inter-State insurance of all kinds.
By Mr. MORRIS: The potition of Joseph C. Sh el-
ton, and 75 others, asking for an increase of duty on
foreign wool. „ . . « , '
By Mr. PAINE: Tho petition of A. A. Strohn, H.
G. lleitzenstem.and others, citizensof Wisconsin,for
modification of excise tax on cigars.
By Mr. PERIIAM : The petition of Mrs. R. A. F.
Bursley, widow of Lieutenant. Charles M. Bursloy,
late of third regiment Maine volunteers, for increase
ol pension. . „
By Mr. SMITH: The petition of John L. Mngee,
of Cynthiana, Kentucky, for property destroyed
during the war. * . n w «-<
Also, petitions of Henry Johnson, J. K U are,
Walton, John Bruce, J. S. FrizclhW- Vi .Trimble,
W. A. Stewart, Frank Box, J. E. Dickey, C. i. Del-
ling and wile, M. Streuiels, and H. C. Ucbel, tor
same purpose.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of Carlton &
Lee, and many others, citizens of Ohio, m respect to
the regulation of insurance.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition or brewers m the
tenth district of Pennsylvania, praying for a reduc-
tion of the duty on Canadian barley.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illiirm.-, r Tho petition of
sundry citizensof Illinois, asking legislation by Con-
gress for the regulation of intcr-State insurances of
all kinds.
Also, the petition- of sundry dross-makers m the
cities of Keiv York and Brooklyn, for a revision of the
revenue law in reference to their present taxation.
