2548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
read a third time. The bill was read the third
time, and passed; and its title was amended
by adding "and for other purposes."
PENSION BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana.^ I ask that tlie fol-
lowing order may be entered:
Ordered, That Friday next, after the expiration of
the morning hour, be set apart for the consideration
of bills and reports from the Committee on Pensions.
There is, perhaps, enough business of this
kind to occupy an hour or two. It is important
that we should dispose of it, and I propose to
take next Friday for that purpose.
The order was agreed to.
J. w. gordon.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 127. ,
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 127) for the relief of Jonathan W. Gordon,
late major in the eleventh regiment of infantry,
was read the second time, and considered'as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury, in settling the
accounts of J. W. Gordon, late major in the
eleventh regiment of infantry, to allow him a
credit of $000 on account of bounties paid en-
listed men in accordance with the provisions
of the act of July, 18G2, but before that act went
into effect.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
asiatic cholera.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
House joint resolution No. 110, to prevent the
introduction of cholera into the ports of the
United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution, the ques-
tion being on the amendment proposed yes-
terday by Mr. Edmunds to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Commerce.
Jilr. CONNESS. I ask the consent of the
honorable Senator from Michigan to let this
subject lie over for a little while, that we may
call up a bill concerning the Pacific coast
which will not occupy a very long time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will it load to debate?
Mr. CONNESS. I think not at all. This
subject of the cholera is a pretty dangerous
one, and has proven to be a tedious one in
this body, and we should like to be relieved
from it a little while this morning with the
Senator's permission.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hardly think the res-
olution will lead to any farther debate. I
desire simply to ask that the letter which I
hold in my hand may be read.
Mr. COYNESS. If the Senator will not
consent to my request, of course I shall not
persist in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think this resolution
will be disposed of sooner perhaps than the
Senator's bill can be passed. I think there
will be no further discussion upon it. I am
perfectly willing to adopt the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont and dispose of the
question in that way. I have no feeling on
the subject, but I ask in justice to the physi-
cians and surgeons who were before the Com-
mittee on Commerce that the letter which I
hold in my hand and now send to the desk
may be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Washington, D. C., May 11, 1866.
Deak Sik: I have had inserted in the National In-
teJigonccr 01 this morning a notice correcting a mis-
apprehension that seems to prevail to some extent
that the medical committee on "cholcra and quar-
antine," of which I am chairman, was delegated
by the American Medical Association. When be-
fore the Committee on Commerce I stated that our
committee was appointed at a meeting of medical
men at Baltimore on the 4th instant, assembled on a
call numerously sisned by physicians from every
p,u-t of the United States to petition the Government
to adopt a general uniform system of quarantine at
all our ports, and the " memorial" presented by
Hon. Mr. Morgan, which was adopted at said meet-
ing, was headed "memorial of physicians," and no
mention was made of the national convention ex-
cept that I stated verbally that those who signed the
call of the meeting were members of that body.
It is true that the subject of quarantine and cholera
was brought before the convention, and a "plan of
quarantine" submitted by Dr. Marsden, of Quebec,
and discussed at some length, when the whole mat-
ter was postponed till near the close of the session,
when it was laid on the table by a vote ot 68 to ot),
only a little more than one third of the members be-
ing present. The question was not decided on theissue
of contagion or non-contagion, portability or non-
portability, quarantine or no quarantine, but on'the
expediency of petitioning Congress on the subject. A
very general feeling prevailed in the convention that
the medical profession ought not to proffer their ad-
vice, and thrust their opinions upon the Government,
but wait until their opinions were asked. With tnis
coi*iction many who believed m the infectious and
portable character of cholera moved to lay the, mat*
ter on the table, especially as at the late hour it was
brought up there was no opportunity for a full dis-
cussion. In consequence many of those who. were
not satisfied with this disposal of the matter signed
the call for the aforesaid meeting, who adopted the
" memorial" which has been presented to the Senate.
CHARLES A. LEE, M. D.,
Hon. Mr. Chandler. Chairman, of Committee.
Mr. SUMNER. When the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] rose yesterday, it
may be remembered that I at the same time
tried to catch the eye of the Chair. I had
intended to say something very much in the
sense in which he spoke. I should not. have
said it so well, and I was not prepared with
the authority which he had in his hand, though
I had intended to allude to it.
I should not say anything now but for the
remarks of my friend from New York [Mr.
Habkis] who seemed so much at a loss where
to find the power which it is now proposed to
exercise. He was so much at a loss that he
went beyond those bounds which he usually
prescribes for himself in this Chamber, and
indulged in an unwonted levity. Not content
with showing, as he supposed, that the power
did not exist where it was said to exist, he
asked, with a humorous face, whether it was
not found under the clause to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government. I am very glad to
find that my excellent ^friend is disposed to
look to that clause of the Constitution. It is
a clause that has been very much neglected,
but to my mind it is one of the most potent in
the whole Constitution, full of beneficent power
that it would be well if this Government now,
at this crisis of its history, were disposed to
cxereise. In this clause are waters of healing
for our distressed country. Follow this clause
in its natural and obvious requirements, and
you will have security, peace, and liberty under
the safeguard of that Great Guarantee, the
Equal Rights of all.
But I must remind my excellent friend that
there is no occasion at this time for any resort
to this transcendent source of power. The
power from which this resolution is derived is
obvious. My friend interrupts mo to say that
it is the war power. I say it is obvious, and
I will show him in a moment that it is not the
war power. It is a power that has been exer-
cised constantly, from the beginning of our
history, with regard to which there can be no
question ; because it is embodied in one of the
clearest texts of the Constitution : because it
has been expounded by a series of decisions
from our Supreme Court, which are among the
most authoritative in our history. It is the
power to regulate commerce. My friend smiles;
but he must not smile at the Constitution of
his country. * That reads as follows:
" Congress shall have power to regulate commerce
with foreign nations and among the several States."
By this resolution it is proposed to regulate
commerce with foreign nations. Have not all
the regulations with regard to passengers been
under this power? Have they not all been the
regulation of commerce with foreign nations?
Can there be any doubt on the question ? Is
it not as plain as language can make it? Why,
sir, ever since I have been in Congress we have
had annual bills for the regulation of passen-
gers coming into our ports—bills of different
degrees of stringency, laying one penalty here,
and another penalty there, all in the execution
of this unquestionable power.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator be kind
enough to look at the second clause of the
amended proposition, where it says:
That he—
That is the Secretary of War—
shall also enforce the establishment of sanitary
cordons to prevent the spread of.said disense from
infected districts adjacent to or within the limits of
the United States?
Not confining it to the lines between the
States, but giving him authority to establish
cordons within the jurisdiction of a State. _ I
should like to know where the Constitution
authorizes such a thing as that.
Mr. SUMNER. _ I am obliged to my friend
even for interrupting me to call attention to
that section, though he will pardon me if I do
not answer him at this moment, but do so when
I come to that part of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Any time will do, so that
we .get it.
Mr. SUMNER. You will have it all. lam
dwelling now on the question of the power
derived from the positive text of the Constitu-
tion to regulate commerce with foreign nations.
I say that in the execution of that power we
have undertaken to apply all manner of restric-
tions and regulations to the transportation of
passengers. We have gone so far as to provide
for the quantity of water that shall be on board
each ship in proportion to every passenger.
We have subjected every ship to regulations
while at sea, and again to other regulations
after arriving in port. The exercise of the
power has by practice been placed absolutely
beyond question. Then, as I have already said,
it is intrenched in the very best judicial decis-
ions of our country. I submit that no person
can raise a question with regard to it.
Mr. MORRILL. "Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. About the question of
regulating the importation of passengers from
foreign countries nobody raises a question or
a doubt. This is a question of quarantine, in
its character police. Is there auy precedent
in the history of the United States where that
power has been exeicised by the general Gov-
ernment?
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad the Senator
presses that question. I meet it. Does the
Senator mean to suggest that the same power
that can reach to the sea, and determine even
the quantity of water that shall be in the hold
for each passenger cannot apply the minutest
possible regulation when that same ship at least
arrives in the harbor? /
Mr. MORRILL. Will my friend allow me
to answer him right there ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. I maintain that when the
passenger is landed and comes within the limits
and jurisdiction of the State and within its
police power, the commercial power of the
Government ceases atthatpoint, and the treat-
ment of the passenger thereafter is within the
police power of the State exclusively.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator goes
beyond the decision of the Supreme Court.
He overrules that decision.
Mr. MORRILL. I am precisely on a lino
with the license cases, in which the principle
was applied to the importation of liquors, in
which the court settled that until they were
landed the Government of the United States
had exclusive jurisdiction, but when they were
landed and were undertaken to bo distributed
the police power of the State intervened and
became exclusive.
Mr. SUMNER. At a certain stage I admit
that the police power of the State may inter-
vene, but I do nevertheless insist as beyond
question that the power of the United States
is complete over every passenger vessel when
it arrives in the harbor, so that it may be sub-
jected to any regulations in the discretion of
Congress for the public good with reference to
passengers. Of course this is discretion to be
exercised wisely for the public good, to the
