3508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
permitting him to march those fifteen hundred
men across the Arkansas into the Comanche
country. We ascertained the facts, prevailed
upon him to revoke that order until we could
telegraph to the President and get directions
from headquarters here in Washington that
not a man should be marched south "of the
Arkansas until we could see if peace could not
be made with the Indians upon the plains.
Had those fifteen hundred men crossed the
Arkansas to chase the Comanches they could
have chased them perhaps two hundred, three
hundred, or five hundred miles; their animals
would have given out, anil they would have
been compelled to retire without effecting any
more than some of our other Indian expedi-
tions have effected when they have been chas-
ing the Indians of the plains; but it would
have been the beginning of a war with the Co-
manches, the most powerful tribe of Indians
south of the Arkansas, involving us in another
$20,000,000 before we had seen the end of it.
But, fortunately, peace has been made with
those tribes upon the plains, and now they are
at peace with the Government under the trea-
ties which have been made. Kit Carson, Gen-
eral Harney, and those men who were best
known among the Indians, were employed in
behalf of the Government, to negotiate peace
with the Indians, and they have succeeded in
doing it.
Mr. President, I grant that it is impossible
to devise any system which will be, so far as'
the administration of Indian affairs is con-
cerned, free from all objection, whether it is
to be done in the War Department or whether
it is to be done under the Interior Department;
but I do not believe that the fact that there are
two sets of officers somewhat jealous of each
other, watching each other, perhaps complain-
ing of each other, injures the public service.
I believe to a certain extent they are checks
on each other. The officers of the War De-
partment and the officers of the Army are
watching the traders and watching the agents
in the Indian country. They can make their
reports upon them and state the facts, and
those facts then come to our knowledge. The
Indian agents under another bureau or another
Department being in that country can also see
how the War Department is administered in
its dealings with the Indians. They are checks
and guards upon each other. Withdraw all
chccks and guards whatever, and leave this
whole thing to be determined by the officers
of the Army, leave them to deal with the In-
dians as it is the profession of the soldier to
deal with them, and my word for it, they will
deal with them with the sword. It is their pro-
fession to do so; and there is no man in any
profession of life who is not disposed from the
very nature of the human heart to magnify his
- own profession.
Mr. President, in relation to the contractors
who contract to furnish Indian supplies in the
Indian country I believe that the law and the
practice under the Department have all the
provisions and guards which are thrown around
Army contracts, and if I am correctly informed
the Interior Department has contracted for its
transportation at two or three cents a pound
less than the War Department; and as an in-
stance of the economical administration of
Indian affairs by the War Department or by
the Interior Department I would eite to my
honorable friend what perhaps would escape
his attention, the fact that the Navajoe Indians
are taken caro of by the War Department.
The War Department took those Indians and
placed them upon a reservation and they are
supporting them at an expense of more than
a million dollars, from a million to a million
and a half  
Mr. GRIMES. How much did the refugee
Cherokees cost the Indian department ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I can give the Senator
the figures upon that matter.
. Mr. GRIMES. Is it more or less than the
cost of the NavajoesY
■ Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the expense of
all the refugees has been at least a million dol-
lars a year, but there are about twenty thou-
sand of them. But there are only about seven
or eight thousand of the Navajoes.
Mr. GRIMES. But the one is in the midst
of civilization, and the other is far removed in
New Mexico whither you have got to transport
all your supplies.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not complain of the
War Department in making the expenditure,
although it may be that the prices at which the
provisions were purchased to feed those Indians
were higher than they ought to he. I suppose
the contracts were let to the lowest bidder just
as the contracts in all the Departments are let;
but when we speak of the expense of dealing
with the Indians, and suppose we are going to
make it a matter of economy to deal with them
through the Wrar Department instead of the In-
terior Department, I must say that I do not
believe that the hope of my friend from Ohio,
in that respect, will be realized. At all events,
so far as this question is concerned, I desire
that it may go over until we come to the con-
sideration of the other amendments upon the
bill which will be prepared by the Committee
on Indian Affairs at farthest by Thursday next;
and I desire to move an executive session to-
day for the purpose of disposing of an Indian
treaty.
Mr. STEW/\.RT. I am very much pleased
with the- decision of the Finance Committee.
It is the first light 1 have seen upon the Indian
question during a residence among the Indians
of sixteen years. It is the first change which
I have seen proposed that has promised any-
thing for the better. It is well known in the
history of our country that up to 1848 the In-
dians were taken charge of by the War Depart-
ment, and we had such men as General Har-
rison and General Jackson, and men of that
character, to look after the Indians, and there
was much less trouble and much less expense
in the system than now, although there were a
great many more Indians to be taken care of;
and the managcmcntof Indian affairs was much
more satisfactory to the country. The present
new system seems always to have been a job,
and a badly performed job.
I do not mean by what I say to reflect upon
any particular individual. I disclaim any such
purpose. T have the highest respect for the
Secretary of the Interior. I do not desire this
change on his account or on account of any
particular individual. But I think it must be
obvious to every one that the soldiers of the
Army, with men of character at their head,
generals who have the confidence of the coun-
try, particularly after our Army has been tested
as it has been in the late struggle, have more
at stake than obscure Indian agents who are
collected together for political purposes, whom
nobody knows, who are responsible to no one.
The Army is much better organized, much
better provided with all needful facilities for
carrying on this business. Besides, you are
compelled to incur about the same expense for
the Army now that you would be under the
proposed system. You mustkeep armed forces
in all these Territories and throughout the
entire region of the Indian country. Y ou must
keep an army there to whip the Indians as soon
as the traders shall have cheated them. That
is the situation.
The proposed change will not increase the
expenses of the War Department. It is the
opinion of many eminent military men that
they can carry on the whole business, manage
all the Indian wars, and not increase the ex-
penses of the War Department; so that we
shall thus avoid the entire expense which th#
Indian department now subject us to. Sev-
eral generals with whom I have conversed say
that if they had the whole "charge of the mat-
ter, and the parties dealing with the Indians
were responsible to them, such would be the
result. Certainly, in so important a matter as
this, that has created so much trouble and so
much vexation, I am extremely anxious that
the system shall be under the control of men
in whom the country has confidence. The
country has confidence in our military men;
the Indians have confidencein them; but the
country has no confidence in obscure Indian
agents and Indian agents who are getting rich
out of the Indian business.
The proposed change cannot make things
worse. We have tried the system of .army
supervision and found it to work better than
the present one. While that system prevailed
we never had as much trouble with Indian
affairs nor so much complaint of corruption
and fraud as we have now. It is the testimony
of every one who lived in those times and who
is old enough to be familiar with them, with
whom I have conversed, that while the busi-
ness was in the hands of the War Department,
although there were abuses then, there were
fewer'abuses than now; and then we had been
a long time on a peace establishment, whereas
now we have been recently in a war in which
our officers and soldiers have been tried. If
there is any employment growing out of this
matter; if a larger number of soldiers are to be
retained in the service ; if there is any patron-
age or any advantage in increasing the Army,
give this service to the soldiers; do not take
from them the legitimate business of the Army
and give it to mere adventurers. If you go
among the people who live near the Indians,
and converse with them, you will find their
testimony to be that these adventurers are not
benefiting either the Indians or the community.
Sir, this is the first time I ever heard it inti-
mated that Indian wars had been got up by the
War Department. I thought it was a well-
established fact that it was the Indian traders,
who speculated with the Indians and got into
disputes about their contracts, that brought
on most of our Indian difficulties. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin has spoken of one or two
Indian wars, and has attributed thern to some
rash action of officers of the War Department.
Such things may have occurred ; but I would
not place much reliance on the testimony of
Indians when they came to make a treaty at
a subsequent time and the soldiers could not
be heard. I do not think that the evidence
is that the War Department has been instru-
mental in getting up these wars : I believe the
testimony is the other way.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. I hope the gentleman
does not understand me to say that the War
Department got up the wars.
Mr. STEW ART. The Senator said they had
been caused by indiscreet officers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not say that they
intended to get up wars, but they blundered
into and produced those wars.
Mr. STEWART. I undertake to say that
the men living in the Indian country, when
they are talking about these things and relat-
ing them, must be the worst set of liars in the
world, if the Indian agents and Indian traders
are not the principal parties in getting up the
Indian wars. I never before heard them at-
tributed to the indiscretion of men connected
with the Army. There may have been indis-
cretions of that kind ; Tjut where you will find
one such instance among the trained officers
of the Army, you will find five hundred among
the vagabonds that go into the Indian business,
either as traders or as agents, to make money
out of the Indians. Officers of the Army have
something at stake; they are responsible to
authority, and they can be tried for their of-
fenses if they misbehave. A man who deals
with Indians ought to be subject to military
law. His conduct should be liable to be in-
quired into by a summary tribunal. Then, if
you trust this matter to the Army, you will
always have ample witnesses to everything that
is done ; but if you trust it to the Indian trader
and Indian agent, who are in partnership, as
is very often the case, you will have no disin-
terested witnesses.
Where there is a fort and one or two hun-
dred men there, the chances of a combination
between those one or two hnnded men and the
officers stationed at that fort are nothing like
as great as where they are partners in trade
with the Indians. I believe it is charged that
the Indian trader and the Indian agent are
