108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
39tii Cong.... 1st Riss.
If not, the loss is light. If this be sin, then
have I sinned, and many slaveholders, how-
ever odious now, have sinned likewise. For
emancipation I have claimed no credit. If it
be a great good, and I hope it is, others take
the praise. But emancipation being an accom-
plished fact, we cannot overlook the condition
of near five million people, nor lightly scoff at
their claims for civil and political rights. I
said no more than this, and this simple fact, I
thought, might be recognized by all. I am
glad to know, for the sake of the honorable
Senator himself, that he was not insensible to
the importance of the question itself. I can
a-ssure him that if my zeal be new, it is only
because the circumstances themselves are new.
At least, the zeal springs from 110 selfish aims of
mine. If I consulted ambition alone, its ends
might be better secured, perhaps, by bending
the knee yet longer to a senseless prejudice.
I have said to the people of my State, and
now repeat, that when my present term expires
I shall ask in the way of reelection, no indorse-
ment of the past and no expression of confi-
dence for the future. I might not obtain it,
if I wanted it. Xot desiring it, however, I can
well afford to disregard all suggestions except
those of duty. If I can see the Union restored
in such manner as to assure the largest free-
dom to the people, if I can see the principle
find practical application in our Constitution
and laws, that you cannot tax a man without
representation, that you have no right to put
the burden of the law upon him who has no
voice in its passage, I shall be fully satisfied.
I ask no honor beyond that of being instru-
mental in accomplishing acts of justice in the
discharge of duty. _ It is pleasant, to be sure,
to be associated with gentlemen of such dis-
tinguished abilities, and of patriotism no less
distinguished, but yet one may well prefer the
quiet of _an humble home to the cares and re-
sponsibilities which too often bring to the most
conscientious incumbent of public position
more of denunciation than of applause, more
of misguided hatred than of deserved honor.
_ But, at least, if honor comes from public life,
bitter fruit, unless the conscience approve
the deeds which bear it; it is an empty bubble
unless posterity has reason to feel ind'ebted to
its possessor.
But if the Senate will excuse me for this
digression I will return to the subject. My
object is not to devise ways and means to keep
the revolted States away, but to find a safe
bridge for their return. If they come back in
the spirit of haughty defiance, with hands un-
washed of their country's blood, with no work
of penitence to commend them, with hearts
yet filled with hatred, and without conviction
of the enormity of their crimes, things will be
made worse by their return. I have said things
are now bad enough. They should not be made
W0)'f ■ I am aware that some persons, many
ot them loyal and good men, ask the immedi-
ate iccognition of the new governments. It
was to restore the Union, say they, that the
war was waged._ It was to bring these States
back that the rich man gave his treasure, the
pooi man his mite, the wise man his thought,
and the soldier his blood. Now, it is asked
why not restore it?
Mr. President, if the^ simple recognition hy
Congress and the admission of members now
at out doors would restore the Union, Congress
would not hesitate a moment. If I could speak
the word of reunion, it should be spoken, but
no controversy between the President and Con-
gress will help the matter. That controversy
may come. It cannot now come through the
fault of Congress. The President in his an-
nual message informed us what he had done
m the premises, and then said:
" liere if is for you, fellow-citizens of the Senate,
ancl ior you, fellow-citizens of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to judge, each of you, for yourselves, of
tno elections, returns, and qualifications of your own
.members."
If Congress, in the exercise of this admitted
right, a right no better established because of
the President's admission, believes that the or-
ganizations from which these members come as
lieprcsentatives arc in disloyal hands, and that
to receive the members would complicate our
difficulties, can the President complain, ought
the President complain, that we stop to inquire
into facts ? The President has not told us that
in his opinion the Legislature of a single recon-
structed State is loyal. If he thinks so, why
has he so often interfered with their legislation?
Why is martial law continued in each one of
them, when its existence depends on his will
alone? Why did he say to the Georgia conven-
tion that Georgia should not pay a certain debt?
Why to the Xorth Carolina convention that the
ordinance of secession must be declared null
and void, and not simply repealed? And why, I
ask, if these States are loyal and entitled to the
dignity of States, does the President almost
daily set aside, by the orders of military men,
holding place at his will and discretion, the sol-
emn acts of their Legislatures ? vThe President
made it a condition that the reconstructed
States should abolish slavery thAnselves, and
adopt the constitutional amendment abolishing
itforothers. Hethoughthehadthepower, but
whether he had it or not, he assumed and exer-
cised it. But now that slavery is abolished,
why are military officers throughout the South
extending military protection to the negroes
against the laws of the whites? They set aside
entire codes of laws, and yet hold their places
subject to executive approbation.
My purpose is not to condemn the Executive.
All he has done may be necessary. I mean
only to say, if these things are necessary, his
plan of reconstruction is a failure, and Congress
is not to be reproached for its short delay. If
these organizations shall be recognized, is mar-
tial lav/ yet to prevail? Are newspapers yet to
be suppressed? Are negroes yet to be protected
by the bayonet? Will these States still reject
the fact of freedom and deny the freedman the
fight to lioldand enjoy property ? And if they
so legislate, are judges and jurors and marshals
who execute the State law, backed by State
militia, to be arrested and tried before Federal
soldiers, under martial law, for offenses against
national authority? Will the President continue
this work, and yet call these organizations inde-
pendent and equal States of the American
Inion ? Or does the President ask that Con-
gress shall recognizethe reconstruction, that he
may be relieved of this unpleasant but neces-
sary duty? For surely, these violations of the
republican principle, in the late seceded States,
would not be tolerated by the President if the
conviction of overpowering necessity did not
force him to commit them. But if the Presi-
dent lias been driven to these great things,
which close the doors against the admission of
his own theory, will not he or Congress have to
continue them even after admission ? Congress
ought to be excused from this work.
If these organizations are loyal, why is not
their legislation all on the side of loyalty? If
their legislation is right, why does the Presi-
dent set it aside and have the military daily
triumph over the civil power? If the organi-
zations are disloyal, neither the President nor
his friends should ask their recognition, much
less should they denounce Congress for its refu-
sal. For if disloyal, the President is certainly
responsible for the fact. Congress is guiltless,
tor Congress has had nothing to do with it.
ihe 1 resident acted without our advice. He
might have acted worse if he had taken it. But
whatever the responsibility, the honor, or shame
of reconstruction, it is his. If disloval organ-
izations have resulted, I acquit the President of
all design to bring about such result. But if
he sees that such is the fact, no pride of opin-
ion or false sense of humiliation should stand
m the way of its acknowledgment. It will re-
quire the wisdom of both the executive and
legislative departments of the Government to
give us peace. Let. us have that wisdom com-
bined. Let the President reject the counsels
of false friends, and let Congress learn to trust
his integrity.
I have expressed no distrust of the Presi-
dent's fidelity to principle. I express none be-
causel feel none. He felt it his duty to give civil
government at once to the revolted States.
That was the natural desire of every good man.
He attempted it, but has not yet removed mar-
tial law from a single State. I do not blame
him, for it is evident he cannot. He said his
object was to "enable the loyal people of the
State to restore the State to its constitutional
relations to the Federal Government, and to
present such a republican form of government
as will entitle the State to the guarantee and
protection of the United States." Did he put
the power in loyal hands, and if so, have they
presented such a form of government as he
desired? If they have done so, military law
should wither and die, and the civil power of
those States is too sacred a thing to be touched
by the rude hand of the soldier.
The misfortune is. that, however sanguine the
President in his hopes of securing a loyal basis,
he failed. He had snatched from theshoulder
of the disloyalist the deadly musket, and vainly
thought that acts of unmerited generosity in
the moment of his defeat would melt his stub-
born heart to repentance. The pardon was so
sudden, and made so general, that its motive
seems to have been misapprehended. There
may have been, there probably was, a tempo-
rary feeling of gratitude in the" first moment of
helpless confusion, but it was soon thought to be
more of a favor to the victor than to the van-
quished. For a short time it mav have been
asked in suppliant spirit. It was soon de-
manded as a right. The musket, it is true, was
gone; but that which was even far more potent
in their hands had been substituted. The mus-
ket had been seized to perpetuate slavery. The
musket could not save it. The ballot had once
done so. The ballot might yet save the sub-
stance and traditions of slavery, though the
musket could not save its form" For all this
I have said Congress is not responsible. The
President selected his own classes for pardon
and for exception. Ho put his own construc-
tion on the act of Congress, and assumed that
pardon for treason gave back the ballot to the
traitor.
After issuing the amnesty proclamation he
proceeded, as 1 have said, to issue another on
at s^™e providing for the reorganization of
.North Carolina, whi^h was followed by a procla-
mation of a similar character for each one of the
seceded States, leaving out Louisiana. 'Tennes-
see and Arkansas, which had been reorgan-
ized under Mr. Lincoln.
The first part of it declares it to be the duty
ot the United States to see that each State has
a republican form of government, and then
proceeds:
o3rt'-tll™fore,1in obedience to the hich anrlsol-
UnUe.1 UPi°? "V; by thu «f
tno united states, and fortho purpose of omhiinf
in al'fift"Ub"rts' ° cfTv?';",orVv''l'
United States', do hereby appoint \Viliivn W 'Hidden
provisional governor of the State of Xortli ('-ii olin "
Wh«,-e duty it shall he. at thV earlk" pr u- ' ie
Ee"«e4°a?v--mV?6 SUchfruU'f ami *= im y
oentce&sari anu proper for ™nronin--i
composed of delegates to be choyen bv that portion ot
States°TOd^noTt? r Wli° 11 n' '"-val ,0
amen din"'hp (.nnt?i° Mrl"w'"r a'tmiiK or
- institution thori'ot: and with -iiifhor-
cxercisc> within the limits of said Stat"* nj} the
S'-""I proper to enable m!, i,'oynl
State to i I ,-n to restore Mud
antelffXTS^
aurrectioii, and domestic ItateScfc" Mt
