1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3509
usually in partnership. At all events they are
charged with being so ; it is a part of the system ;
but there_couId not be partners in an Army of
three or four hundred men ; you -would have
some witnesses who would tell you how these
transactions did actually occur. I am deci-
dedly in favor of the amendment reported by
the Finance Committee.
Mr. POMEROY'. Mr. President 
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Aktiiony
in the chair.) The Senator from Kansas lias the
floor.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is the wish of the
Senate to go into executive session, I have no
desire to continue this discussion now; but I
want to say that before we take a vote on this
question it ought to be at least very well under-
stood in the Senate. It is a new system. It
is an experiment that has not been tried, at
least for a good many years. The reasons that
induced the taking of this bureau from the
Wiir Department originally, may still exist. 1
do not care to discuss the proposition to-day.
I think we had better deliberate very maturely
npon it before we take the vote. It may be
best to concur with the committee; but the
point as to whether we should make this change
in the middle of the fiscal year instead of at
the end of the year I think ought to he con-
sidered. If the Senate wish to go into execu-
tive session I do not care to say anything fur-
ther on the subject at present.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment until 1 call
up a small California bill of consequence to us,
which I have been trying for throe or four days
to call up during the morning hour.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Do you want to pass it
to-day ?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir. It will not
occupy a moment of time. It is a House bill,
recommended by the Committee on Public
Lands of the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the nature of
the bill?
Mr. CONNESS. It is to confirm the titles
to certain lands in the city of Benicia—a bill
to which there can be no objection, and which
will not occupy a moment of time.
Mr. WILL'AMS. If the bill will not excite
any discussion I will not object to it.
Mr. CONNESS. It certainly cannot, for it
is recommended by. the Committee on Public
Lands, and is   House bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw my motion
for the present to enable the Senator to call up
his bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I move, then, to take up
House bill No. 557, to quiet the title to certain
lands within the corporate limits of the city of
Benicia.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that the town opposite
Mare Island navy-yard?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; that is Vallejo.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone the
Indian appropriation bill until Tuesday next,
and make it the special order for that day at
one o'clock, with the purpose to dispose of it
on that day.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
motion now before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will be with-
drawn to enable me to submit this motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course I withdraw it
for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill be postponed to and made
the epecial order for Tuesday next at one
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not say Monday ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin will not be ready with some amend-
ments that, he desires to offer, before Tuesday.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives bad passed
without amendment a bill (S. No. ](W) to pro-
vide for the disposal of certain lands therein
named.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate with amendments to
each:
A bill (S. No. 58) granting lands to the State
of Oregon, to aid in the construction of a mil-
itary road from Corvallis to the Aquina bay;
and
A bill (S. No. 99) granting lands to the State
of Oregon to aid in the construction of a mil-
itary road from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern
boundary of said State.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had insisted on its
amendments to the bill (S. No. 222) further
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate,
and had appointed Mr. Thomas D. Eliot of
Massachusetts, Mr. John L. Thomas of Mary-
land, and Mr. James M. Humphrey of New
York, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills and joint resolutions, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 187) erecting the Terri-
tory of Montana into a separate surveying dis-
trict, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 255) to authorize a de-
parture from the established mode of survey-
ing in certain cases;
A bill (II. R. No. 74'i) for the organization
of land districts in the Territories of Arizona,
Idaho, Utah, and Montana;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 180) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Agricult-
ural College of the State of Iowa: and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 181) to enable
discharged soldiers to change the location of
their homestead selection in certain cases,
land titles in benicia.
Mr. CONNESS. I now renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the biil (II. It. No. 557) to quiet the
title to certain lands within the corporate limits
of the city of Benicia. It proposes to relin-
quish and grant all the right and title of the
United States to the land situated within the
corporate limits of the city of Benicia, in the
county of Solano, State of California, as de-
fined in the act incorporating the city, passed
by the Legislature of the State of California
April 2-1, 1851, to that city and its successors,
upon trust, however, that so much of the lands
as is in the bona fide occupancy of parties upon
the passage of this act, by themselves or ten-
ants, shall be conveyed by the city to such
parties; but the relinquishment and grant by
this act is not to extend to any lands within the
corporate limits occupied as a military depot
of the United States, or heretofore reserved
by the United States for public purposes ; nor
shall they interfere with or prejudice any valid
adverse right or claim, if such exist, the land
or any part of it, or preclude a judicial exam-
ination and adjustment thereof.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to add at the end of
the bill the following as an additional section:
Snc. 2. And be tl further avtetetl, That all the right
and title of the United States to the land within the
eorpomte limits of the town of Santa t'niz, in the
State of California, as defined m the act ot the Legis-
lature of that State incoipo/dtini? ,-viid town, be, and
the same are herein-, lelmquishcd and erantcd to the I
corporate authorities of said town and their sueces-s- I
ors, in tru-1 lor and with authority to convey to the i
boaajide occupants ol said land : Provided, That this
grant shall not extend to anyre-ervationof the Uni-
ted States, nor prejudice any valid adverse right or
claim, ifsncll exist, io said land or any part thereof,
nor preclude a judicial examination and adjustment
thereof.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire what is the
effect of that amendment. I understand it re-
leases to the corporation of the city the right
that the United States has for the benefit of
the persons who are in occupation at the time
of the passage of I his act. Is that so?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Those entitled to the occu-
pation.
Mr. POMEROY. Not to those who happen
to be in occupation.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; by themselves or
tenants.
Mr. STEWART. Those in title.
Mr. GRIMES. Lot the last clause be read
again.
The Secretary read as follows:
That all the right .and title of the United States to
tile land within the corporate limits of the town of
Santa Cruz, in the State of California, as defined in
the act of the Legislature of that State incorporating
said town, be, and tho same are hereby, relinquished
and Eranted to the corporate authorities of said town
and their successors, in trust for and with authority
to convey to the bona fide occupants of said land.
Mr. GRIMES. Not to those who are entitled
to the occupation, but to those who are in occu-
pation.
ilr. STEWART. Let tho whole sentence
be read, and you will see what is the meaning.
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows :
Provided, That this srant shall not extend to any
reservation of the United States, nor prejudice any
valid adverse mil tor claim, if such exi^t, to said land
or any part thereol, nor preclude a judicial examina-
tion and adjustment thereof.
Mr. GRIMES. A valid adverse claim to an
inchoate title!
Mr. SHERMAN. That will give to a tenant
under a lease the legal title, and turn over the
real owner to tlie courts.
Mr. CONNESS. I will ask that this bill lie
over for the present. I sc" on examining the
amendment reported by the committee that the
conditions in it are not the same as those con-
tained in the first section, and I will make them
the same, if the Senate will allow me.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I move an executive
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of tho Senate to put a House resolution,
which is a verv brief one, on its passage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will there be any
debate upon it?
Mr. WILSON. T think not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What is it about?
Mr. WILSON. It is House joint resolution
No. 149.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to move an
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. This resolution will take but
a moment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That will only lead to
stfmj other little bill being called up, and it is
now three o'clock, andl wantan executive ses-
sion.
Mr. WILSON. Let this pass first.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We can open the doors
after we get through the executive session and
pass it.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to hear
the title of the resolution that the Senator from
Massachusetts wishes to call up read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
motion is to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I presume we can
have the title of that resolution read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Secretary. "A joint resolution de-
claratory of the law of bounty."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That will load to dis-
cussion, of eour.-e.
