1866;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
obligation of allegiance to another Power.
Why, sir, in all the civil history of naturaliza-
tion by the States or by the United States the
gentleman cannot find an instance, nor a prin-
ciple, nor a dictum, where this change in the
relationship of a person toward this Govern-
ment was ever attempted to be made in relation
to any individual whatever, unless that indi-
vidual owed allegiance to another Government.
I could read from Kent; I could read from
the decisions of the various courts. State and
Federal, all to the same effect, that the subject
upon which alone and exclusively the natural-
ization process or naturalization laws under the
Constitution of the United States can operate,
is a foreigner who owes allegiance to another
potentate or to another Government. The books
are filled with this class of cases. We concede
here the right of expatriation. England does
not. England has no law that establishes a
uniform rule of naturalization. When natural-
ization takes place in that country it is by spe-
cial act of Parliament. Although she admits
in that form the subjects or citizens of other
countries to incorporate themselves with the
subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, she does
not concede, or at least has not yet formally
conceded, the right of any of hoi subjects to cut
the bond between tliein and her Government.
So it is, Mr. President, wherever you can
trace naturalization by Constitution, State or
Federal, by laws, State or Federal, bccause even
after the adoption of the present Constitution
some of the States still claimed the right to have
a concurrent power of naturalization. It was
claimed by Pennsylvania and other States, but
eventually our courts settled so distinctly and
so authoritatively that the power was exclusive,
and was intended to be sole and exclusive on
the part of the General Government, that the
States abandoned it. But wherever you can
trace any Constitution, State or Federal, that
makes a provision in relation to naturalization,
wherever you can trace the enactment of a law
in relation to that subject, wherever you can
trace the admission of a person to the rights of
citizenship, it will be found that those consti-
tutions and those laws and those admissions
applied to foreigners and never to native-born
persons. It is not necessary to look to lexi-
cographers for the definition of "foreigner."
We all know that a foreigner is one who owes
allegiance to another Government. Can the ne-
gro here, born within llie United States, be said
to be a foicigner? Does he owe any allegiance
to another Government ? Is he an alien and
a stranger to our country and our laws and our
Government? Not at all.
Does the honorable Senator from Illinois
mean to assume the position that ho declared
with so much distinctness and emphasis a day
or two ago, that everybody born in the United
States is a citizen ? What became of your slave
negroes that were born in the United States?
What became of your free negroes that were
born in the United States? Sir, [Mr. Foot in
the chair,] your State abolished slavery a great
many years ago. I believe that eight of the
original States abolished slavery many years
ago. The five New England States (Massachu-
setts having abolished slavery while Maine was
a part of that State,) New York, New .Jersey,
and Pennsylvania are the eight States to which 1
I allude. They all abolished slavery, and in all I
of those States doubtless negroes and a good j
many negroes have been born of negro parents
who were free. Does the honorable Senator |
intend to say that all the posterity of those freed
negroes were citzens? A State now has no
power to make a citizen. The States did have
that power before the Constitution was formed ;
and just as the process and business of making
citizens by naturalization was understood and
practiced and intended by the States before the
Constitution was formed, just in that sense, and
to that extent, and with that scope of power,
and no further, was the authority taken from
the States and vested in Congress to pass nat-
uralization laws.
Now, sir, to throw myself back upon the prin-
ciple of construction which I stated at the start,
naturalization and citizenship must be under-
stood in the sense and with the same import
which were attached to those phrases by the
framers of the Constitution ; and where we can
reach upon any controverted point to a reason-
able degree of certainly what they did mean,
that meaning we are bound to adopt in a faithful
and just construction of the Constitution. What
would have been the fate of such a proposition
as tliisin the Convention of 1787 ? There were
then free negroes in most of the States, and there
were slaves in all the States; even slaves were
held in Massachusetts. Notwithstanding Mas-
saehusetts contends that by her constitution of
1770 slavery was abolished, she held slaves many
years afterward. But suppose in that Conven-
tion the proposition had been made which the
honorable Senator now contends for, and it had
been proposed to incorporate as one of the pro-
visions of the Constitution that all children of
free negroes born hereafter shall be citizens of
the United States," will the honorable Senator
say that he believes such a provision as that
would have been accepted by the southern men
who were in that Convention ? Will he say that
it would have been practicable or possible to
incorporate such a provision as that in the Con-
stitution? Certainly not. When gentlemen con-
cede that such a proposition could not have been
incorporated in the Constitution, and that sooner
than have accepted it the southern members
would have broken up that body, and would
have dispersed without making a Government
at all, how can they in candor and in truth say
that it comes within the scopeand operation slnd
meaning of the Constitution, as they who framed
it intended it should read and mean and operate,
that the children of negroes that were free should
be citizens of the United States?
Mr. President, a grave hallucination in this
day is to claim all power: and a minor error is
that everything which passion, or interest, or
party power, or any selfish claims may repre-
sent to the judgment or imagination of gentle-
men who belong to strong parties, to bo neces-
sary or useful for the good and the domination
of such parties, is seized upon in defiance of a
fair construction ot'language, in outrage of the
plain meaning of the Constitution. That is not
the rule by which our Constitution is to be in-
terpreted. It is not the rule by which it is to
be administered. On the eontraiy, if the able,
honorable, and clear-headed Senator from
Illinois would do himself and his country the
justice to place himself in the position of the
framers of the Constitution ; if he would look-
all around on the circumstances aud connec-
tions of that day. on the purposes of those men
not only in relation to forming a more perfect
Union, but also in relation to securing the
blessings of life, liberty, and property to them-
selves and their posterity forever ; if the hon-
orable Senator would construe the Constitution
according to the light, the sacred and bright
light which such surrounding circumstances
would throw upon his intellect, it seems to me
that ho would at once abandon this abominable
bill and would also ask to withdraw its twin
sister from the other House that both might be
smothered here together upon the altar of the
Constitution and of patriotism.
Mr. President, we have had some able lexi-
cographers in this country, and among them
was Mr. Noah Webster, in his great and im-
mortal vocabulary will be found the words
"naturalize' and "naturalization," and the
meaning "which he appends to them. How has
that great philologist and that great lexicog-
rapher reached the meaning of these _ terms?
He has read our history, civil and political; he
has seen all the important transactions in which
these terms have been used—legislation, Con-
stitution, judicial decision ; he has seen the ren-
dition of these terms by the men in America
who best understood and who were most com-
petent to give them a clear, a truthful, and a
just rendition. After thus preparing himself to
give his immortal exposition of the English lan-
guage, he thus defines these terms:
"Naturalization. The act of investing an alien with
the rights and privileges of a native subject or citizen.
"Naturalize. 1. TJo confer on an alienthB.rig.hteMid.
privileges-of a native subject or citizen; to adopt for-'
eigners into a nation or State, and place (hem in the-
condition of natural-born subjects. ; -
"2. To make natural; to render easy and faauliar
by custom and habit. !
"3. To adopt; to make suitable; to acelimate; Sa-
to naturalize one to a climate.
"4. To receive or adopt as native; natural or vcr-.-
naeiilar; to make our own, as to naturalize foreign
words; to accustom; to habituate, as to naturalize the
vine to a cold climate."
Could anything be more precise than theso
definitions ? If men are searching for truth and
principle, do they not find it here, and in the-
authorities^ which I have already read ? To
naturalize is to bring in an exotic. When ap-
plied to a man, it is to bring in a foreigner who
owes allegiance and obedience to another State
or Government; and nobody else is or can be.
the subject of this provision of our Constitution
or of any legislation of Congress under it, and
nobody else ever was. Then, how t^n the hon-
orable Senator apply his amendment to negroes
born in the United States? It is impossible.
I will say no more upon the snbject of this
amendment. When the honorable Senator's
bill is before the Senate upon its merits, I in-
tend to hit a lick at the thing generally. I only
wish that I could hit it at all in proportion to
its enormous demerits.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Laxe] to the
amendment moved by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that amendment
of the Senator from Kansas, as now offered, will
not be adopted.
Mr. POMEKOY. I would inquire whether
the amendment has been modified.
Mr. MOKBILL. It has been to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ITc withdrew his other
amendment and offered one which perhaps the
Secretary had better read.
The Secretary. It is proposed by the Sen-
ator from Kansas to insert, after the word
"power," the words "and Indians holding
lauds in severalty by allotmentso as to make
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
read:
That all persons born in the United States, and not
subject to any foreign Power, and Indians holding
lauds in severalty by allotment, arc hereby declared
to be citizens of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it will do
to adopt that amendment as offered. It applies
to Indians holding lands by allotment. They
may hold them all through the Cherokee na-
tion ; they may hold them outside of the organ-
ized jurisdiction of the United States in the
Indian country. I think it would be unsafe to
adopt such an amendment. I have no objec-
tion to the amendment in the form in which it
was first proposed by the Senator from Kansas,
to exclude from naturalization all Indians who
owe allegiance to any tribal authority.
I trust, however, the amendment will not be
pressed upon this bill. It is intended by the
Senator from Kansas to reach a few Indians ia
that State. I have no objection to their being
made citizens, but I trust it will be done in some
separate bill, so as not to embarrass this gen-
eral proposition.
Mr. I'OMEROY. I do not know but that
the amendment maybe too far-reaching, as the
Senator suggests. The policy which the Gov-
ernment has adopted for a few years past is to
separate some Indians who are competent and
civilized from their tribes by giving their allot-
ments in severalty. That policy has been
adopted in my State, and that class of Indians
should be citizens. 1 do not care whether they
are made citizens by this bill or some other;
but it is a very good provision so far as it re-
lates to the Indians with whom I am acquainted,
ft may, as the Senator suggests, affect Indians
in other sections of the country whom it should
not reach. I do not know that fact. I would
not myself press the amendment on this bill,
for I would not embarrass the bill in any way.
Still I think the amendment should be adopted
in substance somewhere, because as it now ia
these persons who have their, lauds in sever-
