1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M&
39tii Cong....1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation— Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
That is all well enough ; I have no objection
to it; but what comes next ?
" Provided, That in any election that may be here-
after held for choosing delegates to any State con-
vention as aforesaid, no person shall bo qualified as
an elector, or shall be eligible as a member of such
convention, unlessheshall have previously taken and
subscribed the oath of amnesty, as set forth in the
President's proclamation of May 29, A. D. 1865, and is
a voter qualified and prescribed by the constitution
and laws of the State of North Carolina, in force im-
mediately before the 20th day of May, 1861, thedate of
theso-calledordinanceof secession; and the said con-
vention, when convened, or the Legislatui e that may
be thereafter assembled, will prescribe the qualifica-
tion of electors, and the eligibility of persons to hold
office under the constitution and laws of the State—
a power the people of the several States composing
the Federal Union have rightfully exercised from the
origin of the Government to the present time."
It will be observed that in the former portion
of the extract I have read, the proclamation of
the President -confines the reorganization of
the State, in words, to the loyal men of North
Carolina—such I am satisfied was the Presi-
dent's intention; but under the proviso, in my
judgment, he commitsthe error. Hesays that
everybody is a voter, who will take the amnesty
oath, and who was a voter under the constitu-
tion as it existed May 20, 1861, the day of
secession. The conquered rebel who saw the
musket fall from his hands, however criminal
with the blood of his fellow-men, had only to
acknowledge the futility of further efforts in
armed rebellion. No matter what his past
deeds, they were pardoned, and the assumption
made that such pardon was sufficient again to
clothe him with the ballot, that sacred right of
an American citizen. He was not required to
say that State law, or even considerations of
personal safety, had induced him to wage a
bloody and relentless war against his country.
Although he had voted for secession and will-
ingly given his treasure and influence to fur-
ther the cause, though he had brought terror
upon unwilling neighbors and driven them from
the support of a slandered and injured Govern-
ment, or compelled them to take refuge in
mountain caverns, while their property was
seized and turned into the coffers of treason,
that man could vote on a simple pledge for the
future, regardless of the past.
The faithful negro, for whose degradation and
misery these deeds of blood have been done,
was again forgotten. The State constitution,
made by his owners while he was a slave, of
course denied him the suffrage. I have not
complained of the Presidentthat the negro was
denied the suffrage. I have not complained of
anything. I do not now complain, much less
do 1 design to censure. But it seems to me
that if the State constitutions of Mississippi and
Texas must be barriers in the way of negro suf-
frage, those other clauses denying suffrage to
any but '' citizens of the United States'' should
have presented barriers against the white men,
who had abjuied allegiance to our Government,
swum allegiance to a hostile de facto govern-
ment. and for four years had staked their lives
upon the success of the one and the total over-
throw of the other. After these deeds thev
may be citizens of the United States ; but if
so, f know not how the right of citizenship may
bo forfeited. The President's pardon may have
restored the right of citizenship, if lost. That
may have been the President's view. If so, I
have already expressed my dissent. The Pres-
ident's pardon went to the life and property,
relieved the penalty named in the act giving
him the power to offer amnesty, but went no
further. If citizenship is forfeited, Congress
alone can restore it. It is a political right, be-
longing to the legislative authority of the coun-
try," and which the Executive can neither give
nor take away.
But, now, giving the pardon its full force,
has it wot been forfeited, and is Congress not
justified in assuming a forfeiture, at least so far
as it mav be necessary to secure the guarantee
of trulv republican forms of government?
So far as the life and property of the rebels
are concerned, I do not ask that anything be
abated from presidential pardon. Their blood
I do not want. The cause of the country does
not demand it. Humanity, indeed; shrinks
back from the thought of justice. Justice now
would be cruelty, in the ey6s of history. Lives
enough have been taken. Malice and revenge
may claim Many more. National policy rejects
the claim/ Th§ war itself has confiscated
enough. Confiscation will give our coffers noth-
ing. It may gratify personal avarice, but this
is a poor return for loss of national honor. For
me, the rebels are welcome to life and property.
I would not add one to the tears that moisten
the cheeks of sorrow. I would so make our
Government, however, that the heaviest penalty
for treason would be the traitor's remorse. To
dry up one tear, we are told, brings larger fame
than to shed oceans of blood. But while I
would extend mercy to the conquered-rebel in
my power, I must remember the simple dic-
tates of justice in behalf of him who pleads for
mercy, and pleads in vain at the hands of that
rebel. That generosity, which ceases to flow
beyond the limits of our own race, is partial and
unworthy of man. While I would forgive the
rebel, I would elevate him whom the rebel has
oppressed for ages. I would teach each man
to abandon his prejudices and seek his own
happiness in the happiness of his fellow-men,
where alone he can find it.
For many long years, indeed from the origin
of our history as a nation, slavery and its inci-
dents have constituted the weapons of political
warfare. Party power, the lust of office, the
whisperings of ambition, the hopes of individ-
ual preferment, the ties of political association,
too often united with the promptings of avarice,
conspired to uphold the institution. The same
considerations, with many on the other side, it
is too true, may have added to the intensity of
the struggle ; but chiefly the abuses of slavery
on the one side, feeding, as it were, on increase
of appetite, and the strong moral conviction of
its injustice on the other, its wrong to the black
and its injury to the white race, urged our peo-
ple on to the gigantic struggle now just closed.
But is it closed? The boom of the cannon is
not heard, the crash of musketry has ceased,
and the saber has been returned to its scabbard,
but the nation seems yet in doubt. The air is
tainted with suspicion that all is not right. The
war was waged by rebels that injustice might
yet live. Within the Union it was thought it
could not live; hence it would go beyond the
nation's jurisdiction. Justice is strong because
it is the weapon of Omnipotence. Slavery in
form has died. Let it die now, in fact and in
truth, and the national life is assured. It was
a feeling of conscious right that gave us suc-
cess in the recent struggle. Now that success
has come, we propose again to reject the truth,
to turn our faces in shame from an honest con-
viction and barter once more eternal justice
for expediency.
The President undertook to reconstruct on
the white basis. The negro is again forgotten.
A few negroes voted in the reorganization of
Louisiana under Mr. Lincoln, and last March,
every Democrat in Congress voted against ad-
mitting her Representatives under that organi-
zation . The other States are now reorganized,
under what we are told is the same plan, and
every Democrat here now clamors for imme-
diate admission. Why is this? Is it because
the negro has been excluded or becau.se the for-
mer rebel has voted? pur Democratic friends
here certainly have no interest in common with
rebellion, and hence their present enthusiastic
support, of what they call the President's recon-
struction policy, must spring from the fact that
the negro has been excluded. They see, in this,
a white man's Government. The President hav-
ing excluded him in the first work of reorganiza-
tion, his hopes are, perhaps, gone forever. If
loyal whites only had been admitted by the
President to the ballot-box, those who opposed
secession until treason had overwhelmed thenf,
they perhaps would have constructed the organic
law of those States in such manner as to leave
hope for the negro's enfranchisement hereafter.
But who expected to find favor for the black
man from the returning soldiers of Lee' and
Johnston's armies? With the political power
in the hands of such men, the future is easily
divined.
Do not understand me, Mr. President, as
complaining that the negro was not permitted
to vote. I only urge that his right was at lea^t
equal to that of rebels. If rebels must voW,
the negro ought to vote also. I will make no
offensive comparisons; but to those men who
have carried mourning into every household in
the land, who rejected all counsel and heed-
lessly rushed on to the country's ruin, who must
be remembered in the long future when pov-
erty parts with its hard earnings to pay the pub-
lic debt, who would murder a whole section to
secure the privilege of robbing a race, I owe
nothing. The loyal Democrats owe them noth-
ing. My friend from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,]
who sits before me, and whom they defeated for
Governor of Indiana in 1860, owes them noth-
ing—except mercy, and with him I go*to grant
them mercy. Let him go with me for justice
in behalf of others.
I know it is often said that unless pardoned
rebels could vote, the President would have had
no white basis or population to reconstruct upon.
This, Mr. President, is a mistake. Thousands
were forced into active measures against the
Government. Many loyal men in the begin-
ning, I know, afterward became disloyal, but
had an oath been prescribed by the President
for white voters, formerly qualified under their
respective State constitutions, which would have
excluded the active and willing disloyalist, who
not only went into rebellion himself, but forced
his neighbor in, we would now have organiza-
tions of a different character in the southern
States, and such as would have given the Pres-
ident but little trouble. It may not be that such
governments as would suit every man in Con-
gress, or even a majority, would have resulted
from any system whatever, but I contend that
a more loyal basis might have been secured
among the whites.
The white population of the eleven seceding
States in 1860 was 5,449,463, the free.eolored
population was 132,760, and the slave popula-
tion was 3,521,110, making a total population
of 9,103,333, three fifths being white and two
fifths colored. I look now to the vote of 1860
for President. Of course I cannot give the
vote of South Carolina, because thej presiden-
tial electors in that State have always been
chosen by the Legislature. But in the other
States the vote for Mr. Breckinridge was-110,502,
the vote for Mr. Bell 345,919, and the vote for
Mr. Douglas 57,723, making an entire vote of
820,234. He who lived in the slaveholding
States at the beginning of this rebellion knows
perfectly well that those who voted for Bell and
those who voted for Douglas were Union men.
I know it perfectly well. There is not a Sen-
ator within the hearing of my voice, who lives
in a border State, that does not at once recog-
nize the fact. Four hundred and sixteen thou-
sand men in the South then voted for Mr. Breck-
| inridge, and 403,000 of them voted for Bell and
i Douglas. Then nearly half the people of those
States were Union men.
An oath reaching the past conduct of these
men, a pardon, if you please, on the condition
i that the active, blatant rebel of 1860 and 1861
! should refrain from participating in amending
i that which he wished to destroy, and which he
| would nowasgladly destroy as ever, would have
| given us liberal reorganization, institutions of
j vitality, tilled with the spirit of the age, devoid
; of prejudice, and opening up the brightest hopes
I for the melioration of the poor, whether white
| or black.
I But we liave to take things as they are. The
