1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
not reflect upon his personal or his partisan
character or claims. He has already a decis-
ion in his i'avor pronounced by a committee of
this body composed of a large majority of his
political opponents, and embracing some of
the best, if not the very best, legal talent in
the Senate. If, therefore, the Senate decides
not to admit his claims to a seat here, there
can be no party advantage derived to the party
in the majority. The only way possible for the
majority here to gain any advantage by a de-
cision of this question, is by vindicating exactly
the law of the land, and decreeing what is
positively and abstractly and legally right to be
done. I think myself, at all times, and under
all considerations, the importance of deciding
one of these questions correctly, transcends
very much the importance of having any par-
ticular member in or out of this body. There-
fore, so far as I have examined the question
at all, I have examined it with express refer-
ence to seeing what is the law of the case; and
if I were not very certain that my own conclu-
sions were correct, I should feel bound to fol-
low the lead of the committee which has inves-
tigated and reported upon the case.
Cut it does seem to me that there are two
questions which if put to this Senate one after
the other, or if put to any lawyer in the Senate
one after the other, there would be no diver-
sity of opinion upon either of them among
the members of the Senate. If I asked the
Senale whether the vote which was given in
that joint, convention for the present Senator
from New.Jersey would have elected him un-
der the laws of that Stale in case there had
been no rule of the joint convention pronounced,
1 think every member of the Senate would say
"No: certainly not." If that convention had
never declared by rule that a plurality of the
votes given should constitute an election, and
yet the convention had given precisely the
vote they did give on this trial, forty votes to
the Senator from New Jersey and forty-one
votes against tho Senator from New Jersey
distributed among others, J do not think there
is a single Senator on (his floor bul would have
said at once, " Of eomsc he cannot have been
elected by any such vote as that." Why? Sim-
ply because forty votes cannot overcome foi'ty-
one ; a minority cannot control a majority in
the absence ol a rule. If 1 put the other ques-
tion to the Senate,, whether a joint convention
ol tho two Houses of the Legislature, can by
rule, repeal or modify or change a law of the
State, 1 think every Senator would say at once,
" Certainly nol ; by rule (lie two Houses in joint
convention cannot make a law, cannot repeal a
law, cannot modify a law, cannot change a
law." That would be the judgment of every
Senator here upon that single question, lif
these two questions put separately would be
answered in that way, in tho negative, how
happens it that both ot these answers are over-
ruled and disregarded when we come to con-
sider the effect of them together?
J he on)iy clause of the Constitution which
bears upon the \iew of this question which L
take is the clause which declares that "the
times, places, and manner ot holding elections
of the power, in the absence of any congres-
sional legislation or direction, to prescribe the
times, places, and manner of holding elections
for Senators. It is under the authority derived
from that clause of the Constitution that the
Legislature of New Jersey, the very body re-
ferred to in the clause, did"by law, the only way
that a Legislature can do anything, provide that
Senators from that State might "be chosen by
the two Houses in joint meeting. There was
the exercise of the authority here delegated to
the Legislature. By that delegation the two
Houses were clothed with the authority to make
the election.
If this was the first election they had ever
been called upon to make; if this was the first
time those two Houses were ever assembled in
joint meeting, and they had enacted no rule on
the subject, as I said before, I cannot conceive
that there is a single member on this floor who
would hesitate for a moment to say that if they
had gone on under those circumstances and bal-
loted, and but forty votes had been given for the
Senator from New J ersey and forty-one had been
given against him, he could not be elected. As
I said before, no one will assert that those two
Houses in joint meeting could make a law or
could repeal or modify a law, and yet there are
those who argue here that because the joint
convention did agree by a majority before they
balloted that a plurality might elect, therefore
the Senator was elected, although he did not get
a majority of the votes. But why so? The law
was, before the rule was enacted, that a mar
jority must be necessary to his election. After
the rule was enacted it is contended the law
became that a plurality might elect. If that is
the force of the rule, does not the rule change
and modify the law of Now Jersey, the enact-
ment of that Legislature? There are those
who say that the act of the Legislature of New
Jersey which directed that Senators should be
appointed by the two Houses in joint conven-
tion, did, in terms, require that a majority of
the votes of the two Houses should be neces-
sary to an election, but yet that when the two
Houses met together and agreed that a plu-
rality might elect, then when an individual re-
ceived that plurality it was in effect a majority;
that the two Houses had agreed that it should
stand for a majority. Mr. President, we can-
not regard it as a majority because here is the
record staring us right in the face which shows
thateighty-one votes were given upon thatques-
tion and only forty of them were given for the
sitting member, and it is impossible for us to
say by any rule of law or mathematics that forty
is a majority of eighty-one.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senatorwill allow
me to inquire if that joint meeting was not "tho
Legislature" denominated in the Constitution
of the United States?
Mr. HOWE. Not at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to hear
it answered.
Mr. IIOWE. It is not at all the Legislature
denominated in the Constitution. The Legis-
lature referred to in the Constitution is that
tribunal in which is vested the law-making
power.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. I wish to ask how the
Senator draws a distinction between the "Le-
gislature " alluded to in the clause of the Con-
stitution which says, "The Senate of the United
States shall be composed of two Senators from
each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof,''
and tho " Legislature " alluded to in tho next
clause, which says, "The times, placcs, and
manner of holding elections for Senators and
Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof." It has al-
ready been decided by practice and custom
that the word " Legislature " in the first clause
means the joint meeting, or else Senators so
chosen are not chosen by the Legislature.- They
are to be chosen by the Legislature, and ac-
cording to this argument they are not chosen
by the Legislature in any State where they are
chosen in joint meeting. I know it was very
much doubted for a long time, and I think
Chancellor Kent's opinion was rather against
it, but it has by custom become fixed that the
word "Legislature" in that clause is suffi-
ciently complied with by a joint meeting elect-
ing. Nearly every Senator on this floor holds
his seat by that construction. Now, I say, if it
is a Legislature for the purpose of choosing, it
is a Legislature for prescribing.
One other word. Has the Senator observed
that there is no law required by the Constitu-
tion itself? The word used is "regulation:"
"The times, placcs, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed m each State by the Legislature thereof- but
the Congress may at any time by law make or alter
such regulations."
It is not a law, it is a rule of the body, and
the body, it has been decided, is the joint meet-
ing; and,it is the "regulation," the rule of
that body, that the Constitution of the United
"States requires. Now, although it may have
been wrong to settle originally that the joint
meeting was the Legislature, that being fixed,
I insist, if it is a Legislature for the purpose
of electing, it is a Legislature also for the pur-
pose of making rules and regulations prescrib-
ing how the Senator shall be elected.
Mr. HOWE. To reply to the criticism of
tho Senator from New Jersey would lead me
very much further into the discussion of the
subject than I meant to go. I will say, by way
of reply, very briefly, that if the question wore
a new one I myself would think there were
grave reasons for contending that the body
spoken of in the first clause of the third section
was precisely the same body spoken of in the
first clause of the fourth section, that the "Le-
gislature" which is to choose Senators is pre-
cisely the same Legislature which is to prescribe
regulations; but the question is not a new one.
Although I do not agree with the Senator from
New Jersey that precedent or usage or cus-
tom has settled the point that'' the Legislature
first spoken of means the two Houses in joint
meeting, yet I do think precedent and usage
have settled the interpretation that it means the
members of the Legislature; that the members
of the Legislature may, without the participa-
tion of the Governor, or without the participa-
tion of that majority which can enact a law,
elect Senators; but in order to do so by any
other means than those by which they can enact
a law, they must be authorized to do it by a
law enacted by tho law-making power. I be-
lieve, so far as my acquaintance extends, that is
the interpretation which usage sanctions. I do
not think that a joint convention has been held
without the sanction of a law, at least, if it has,
I am not aware of any such usage.
Now, Mr. President, I have said nearly all
I intended to say. I was remarking, however,
when interrupted by the Senator from New Jer-
sey, that it was impossible for us to consider
forty votes as a majority of eighty-one. Besides
that, there are rules of interpretation, not made
for the government of this precise case, but as I
think for the government of analogous cases,
which exclude ns from this interpretation. I
think when the Legislature delegated to its
members in joint convention the right to ap-
point a Senator, it did by force of that lan-
guage require the assent of a number of indi-
viduals equal to a majority of those acting at
the time and upon the question in order to a
result.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Wisconsin whether it has
not become a policy, that involves a rule of in-
terpretation, to allow elections by pluralities
instead of majority. Does it not belong to our
system of elections from the precedent gener-
erally throughout our Government, pluralities,
not majorities? Is not plurality the rule of
construction, instead of majority?
Mr. HOWE. If the question is put to me, I
must answer very directly, in my judgment no.
Whenever a plurality does control a majority,
I understand it to be by force of express law,
by force of positive enactment controlling both
minorities and majorities.
Mr. McDOUGALL." One moment, if you
please. It is a rule of policy.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from California
and myselfdiffer simply upon one point, whether
it is a rule of policy or a rule of law. I think
it is a rule of law, and wherever it prevails I
think it is by force of law; and the existence
of those enactments I take to be evidence that
but for them the majority must prevail, and not
the plurality.
Mr. President, when the law appoints an
agent to do any act, that agent, I think, is not
authorized to substitute another. When an in-
dividual is appointed to act as an agent or attor-
