3510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. WILSON. None whatever.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There are several con-
firmations that ought to be confirmed and which
have been pending for several days, and I do
not see any reason why we cannot have an
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. This is a resolution simply
to allow bounty to the persons who have been
detailed from the Army to act in some other
place, the same as if they had not been de-
tailed. I think it ought to pass, and pass to-
day; but if the Senator insists upon his motion
I will not press this resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I think we ought to
have an executive session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the question
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ It is the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin to
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes sixteen, noes not counted;
and after some time spent in executive ses-
sion the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 30, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and<
approved.
IOWA AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I find, on fur-
ther examination, that I was right in supposing
that there is no existing provision of law cov-
ering the object of the joint resolution I offered
yesterday morning. I therefore again ask unani-
mous consent to offer it, incompliance with the
request of the board of trustees of the Iowa
Agricultural College. The building, a very cred-
itable one to the State, large, commodious, and
imposing, is now in process of erection, and
they desire assurance that there will be no fail-
ure in the grant if the building should not be
quite completed in the time now required by
law. *
No objection was made.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that the time for completing the
Agricultural College of the State of Iowa, in
accordance with the provisions of the act do-
nating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,
approved July 2, 1862, be extended for the
period of one year.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. TAYLOR asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Good-
year .
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
that the morning hour of to-day be dispensed
■with, and that the Committee on Public Lands
bo allowed an hour for their business after the
tariff bill shall have been concluded.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I ask that they may
be allowed an additional hour.
The SPEAKER. Giving that committee two
mornin<? hours?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. McKEE. I object to giving the com-
mittee two hours.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I ask that they be
allowed a morning hour when the tariff bill
shall have been concluded, and that the morn-
ing hour of to-day be dispensed with.
"Mr. MeRUER. I object to that.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
California [Mr. McRuer] will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope my colleague will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. MeRUER. Very well; I will with-
draw it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I renew the
objection.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order, during
the morning hour, is the call of committees for
reports, beginning with the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, where the call rested at the close of
the morning hour on Thursday last.
FORT HOWARD MILITARY RESERVE.
The SPEAKER. The pending business is
the consideration of Senate bill No. 168, to
provide for the<purchase of certain lands therein
named, reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands by the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Donnelly.] The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time.
The first section provides that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall be au-
thorized to cause to be offered at public auction
all the unsold lots of that portion of the public
domain known as the Fort Howard military
reserve, which is situated in the county of
Brown, and State of Wisconsin, giving not less
than two months' notice of the time and place
of such sale, by advertising the same in such
newspapers and for such period of time as he
may deem best. Every such lot shall be sold
separately to the highest bidder for cash, and
when not paid for within twenty-four hours
from the time of purchase, it shall be liable to
be resold under the order of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, at such reasonable
minimum as may be fixed by the Secretary of
the Interior, and. no sale shall be binding until
approved by that officer.
The second section provides that it shall be
the duty of the President to cause patents to be
issued in due form of law for every such lot, as
soon as may bo after purchase and payment.
Mr. DONNELLY. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELOCATION OF SOLDIERS' HOMESTEADS.
Mr. DONNELLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back joint resolution
(H. R. No. 171) to enable discharged soldiers
to change the location of their homestead
selections iff certain cases.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that whenever it shall be made to appear to the
register and receiver of any land office of the
United States that any soldier of the Army of
the United States, who has been honorably dis-
charged from service, did, during such service,
through any agent or agents, without personal
examination, select public lands in accordance
with the provisions of the homestead aCt, which
selection, upon personal examination by such
soldier, shall prove not to be satisfactory to
him, then the register and receiver shall permit
the selection by such soldier of another like
amount of the public lands for a homestead, the
first selection to be canceled, and the fees and
ten dollars paid thereon to be applied to the
new selection.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND GRANTS FOR AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. DONNELLY. I am directed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report adversely
upon the bill (H. R. No. 498) to amend section
two of an act entitled "An act donating public
lands to the several'States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agricult-
ure and the mechanic arts." I askthat a letter
on this subject from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department or the Interior,
General Land Office, June 21,1866.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the rpeeipt
of a bill to amend section two of an act donating
public lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts, approved July 2,1862,
with your oral request that the opinion of the Office
be expressed upon its provisions.
The bill provides that the act above recited be so
amended as to make the script issued to the older
States, under the provisions of the aforesaid act, re-
ceivable from bona fide settlers in any State or Terri-
tory for the purchase of anypubliolands in such State
or Territory, although such lands may not bo "sub-
ject to private entry," a restriction now required by
law. It will readily be seen that this provision ex-
poses at onee the whole surveyed portion of the pub-
lio domain to this scrip, and that holders of this class
of paper have only to locate in the name of some
actual resident to enable them, in any Territory, to
acquire the surveyed lands to an indcfiiyte extent,
probably in many instances monopolizing all of the
most desirable lands, and thus defeat to a large extent
the beneficent provisions of tho homestead and pre-
emption laws, or drive that class of settlers upon the
less valuable and less desirable lands. And in any
State the same would be true to the extent of one
million acres.
To the holders of the scrip such a law would be ad-
vantageous, as it would promptly and largely enhance
the value of the scrip by more than doubling the act-
ive present basis for its redemption and enabling it
'to go in advance of the preemption and homestead
settler, gathering the choice lands. But in the new
States and Territories, and the new districts in the
older land States, it would be a great hinderance to
settlementand cultivation, and would have theeffect,
in the end, of not only retarding the advance settle-
ments, but would compel the pioneers to pay an in-
creased price for these selected lands greatly larger
than the scrip-holding States would receive in the
enhanced price of the scrip, the difference passing
into tho hands of the intermediate agent who by tho
law must stand between the State and the location,
the States being wisely forbidden to make such loca-
tion.
Being made receivable for both offered and unof-
fered lands, until substantially exhausted, it would
cut off almost entirely cash receipts for public lands.
The scrip issued and to be issued under the law as
it now stands will require seven million and twenty
thousand acres for its satisfaction, and it issubmittod
whether such a barrier can with advantage be placed
around our pioneer settlements, and whether both
the nation and tho new States and Territories would
not respectively lose more than the older States would
gain by the proposed modification of the law. I may
add that in this view the judgment of the General
Land Office is unqualifiedly adverse to the measure
as inconsistent with the public interest.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
J. M. EDMUNDS,
Commissioner,
Hon. I. Donnelly, House of Representatives.
The bill was laid on the table.
TERRITORIAL LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, reported a bill for the
organization of land districts in the Territories
of Arizona, Idaho, Utah, and Montana; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that Arizona, Idaho, Utah, and Montana be
each created land districts, to bear the names
of the respective Territories ; the district land
office for each to be established at such place
within the district as the President of the Uni-
ted States may from time to time direct.
The second section provides that for the pur-
pose of carrying the act into effect the Presi-
dent be authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or during
the recess as in similar cases, a register and
receiver for each of the several land districts
created, who shall be required to reside at the
site of the district land office, and whose pow-
ers, duties, obligations, responsibilities,.com-
pensation, and emoluments shall be the same
as now allowed by law for like officers in New
Mexico. It is provided that the act shall not
take effect until after six months from its pas-
sage, and that the compensation shall not be-
gin until the incumbents shall have actually
