1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
ney for another, he must himself act; he must
exercise his own discretion; he cannot substi-
tute the discretion of another unless he is ex-
pressly in the act of appointment authorized to
do it. _ When a cause is submitted to the deter-
mination of a jury of twelve men you must have
the assent of every individual ou that jury, not
merely of a majority, but- of the whole, to the
conclusion which is returned as the verdict, or
it will be set aside. There cannot be any ex-
perimenting, there cannot be any contrivance
employed to dispense with the necessity of each
individual exercising his judgment and giving
his assent to the verdict. The whole twelve
may go into the jury-room and agree to adopt
■the opinions of the majority; but the verdict
would be set aside, I take it, without hesitation.
They may agree to take the average judgment,
but the verdict would be set aside, I take it,
without hesitation. Where an award is made
after a cause is submitted to arbitration, you
must have the assent of each one of the arbi-
trators to the award or it is not binding.
If it be conceded that when the Legislature
by law has committed to the majority of the
two Houses in joint convention the right to
appoint a Senator those two Houses may, by
a vote of their own, substitute a plurality for a
majority, then can they not by agreement sub-
stitute a lottery or substitute any other mode
they see fit to adopt for the selection of the
Senator ? If they had gone into joint meeting
and the majority of them had agreed to put the
names of all the candidates into a hat, and
draw out one, and that the name drawn should
be the Senator, and they had happened to draw
the name of the present Senator from New J er-
sey from the hat first, and he had come here
claiming upon that lot, would any Senator here
say that he was entitled to his seat? But if
not. why not? There would bo the agreement
of a majority of the members present to that
mode of selection ; why would not the lottery
be just as binding, thus agreed to by the ma-
jority, as the decision of this plurality, which
all adniit would not have the slightest forcc
but for the precedent agreement of the two
Houses ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow mo to ask my
friend a question.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
ilr. FESSENDEN. Suppose that the two
branches of the Legislature, when they passed
the resolution to go into convention, bad at the
same time, as a pait of it, said, " The individ-
ual who shall receive a majority of all the votes
thiown shall be elected," and they had then
gone into convention, could the convention
have overruled that and elected by a plurality ?
Mr. HOWE. I think not.
Mr. I'ESSKA"l)KN. If they are, as con-
tended, the Legislature in convention, having
the right to make regulations, why not? The
Legislature can repeal a law of the Legisla-
ture.
Mr. IIOWE. But I do not contend that
they are the Legislature. I contend that they
are not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the argument
addressed to you from the other side, that they
are the Legislature in convention.
Mr. HOWE. I thought the Senator was
criticising something I had said.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I merely wanted
to suggest that.
Mr. STOCKTON. May I have the courtesy
of the floor for a moment?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. It is the Legislature for
the purpose of electing and for the purpose of
prescribing time, place, and manner of elect-
ing. because it is the Legislature referred to in
these two clauses of the Constitution of the
United States. It is not the law-making power
of the State of New Jersey. That is the dis-
tinction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator contends
that because the constitution of New Jersey
uses the expression, "the Legislature in joint
meeting," when they are in joint meeting on
that subject they have tho power of legislation,
the power to make rules. That is what the
Senator contends for, is it not?
Mr. STOCKTON. Not entirely. It is this:
the Constitution of the United States declares
that the Legislatures shall choose, and that the
Legislature shall prescribe the manner of choos-
ing. The constitution of New Jersey alone has
the right to say what the Legislature of New
Jersey is. It says the Legislature is still the
Legislature when in joint meeting. Now, Mr.
President, the construction given to the Con-
stitution of the United States declares that the
joint meeting is the Legislature,-as well as the
constitution of New Jersey, so that both con-
stitutions regard the joint meeting as the Legis-
lature for choosing Senators and for prescribing
the manner of choosing. It is not, however, the
Legislature of Now Jersey for the purpose of
making the laws of New Jersey.
Mr. 110 WE. Let me ask the Senator a ques-
tion. In order to know what the Senator means
by calling this convention the Legislature in
joint meeting, I wish to ask liim if he under-
stands that uuder tho constitution of the State
those two Houses in joint meeting can pass a
law.
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I want to ask my
question, if the Senator will excuse me.
Mr. IIOWE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I put this question:
suppose the two branches of the Legislature,
when they voted to go into joint meeting, had
also voted that in order to elect there should
be a majority: suppose they had made that part
of the resolution by which they went into con-
vention, could the joint meeting, after it. got
into convention, have overruled that and elected
by a plurality?
Mr. STOCKTON. That is a question which
is not directly involved in this matter; but I
will answer that my opinion is that the joint
meeting could not have set that law aside.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they arc still the
Legislature in joint meeting, if they are tho
Legislature for the. purpose of making rules,
why not overrule it?
Sir. STOCKTON. They are not the law-
making power in joint meeting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Butthe gentleman con-
tends that they can make rules. Now, I ask
him if a different rule had been made by the
two branches before they went in, prescribing
the manner, could that meeting overrule it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I answer most distinctly,
that in my opinion, it could not; but the fact is
a different rule was not made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. AN hat is the difference,
if they have the power to make it?
Mr. STOCKTON. No rule as to the number
of voices necessary to a choice was made by
law in New J erscy ever. That always has been
settled by regulation. It is by parliamentary
law, under the very power by which they made
a different rule, that the rule existed. That is
my position.
Mr. IIOWE. I differ with tho Senator from
New Jersey upon the point ho now states, lhat
there never was any law of New Jersey which
directed the number of voices. I say that by
force of that law which empowered the two
Houses in joint meeting to choose a Senator,
by the very terms of that law, a majority was re-
quired to elect: and in proof of this I made the
assertion that if the joint convention had not
adopted a rule to the contrary, not a Senator
here would have ventured to assert that less
than a majority could clect.
There was a law, then, which required a ma-
jority of the votes of the two Houses in order
to elect; and although I answered the question
of the Senator from Maine precisely as he would
have answered it himself, I was not controlled
by the same reason. I do not think that such
a clause in tho resolution providing for the joint
convention, assented to by the two Houses,
would have been the law which would have pre-
vented the two Houses in joint meeting from
adopting a different rule ; I think it was that
old and precedent law which directed that the
two Houses in joint meeting should choose the
Senator. It is by force of .that law that they
are precluded from electing by anything short
of a majority. I will not now undertaketo say
how much additional force such a clause in the
resolution assented to by the two Houses would
have added to that. That was the force of the
original law; and being so, it was not in the
power of the two Houses to weaken or dimin-
ish the force of that law, or to substitute any-
thing for that majority which the original law
required.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, when
this question was before the Committee on the
Judiciary I was very confident that the sitting
member was entitled to his seat. I have lis-
tened with a great deal of care to the debate
and have not been able to change my mind on
that subject. I shall ask the attention of the
Senate for a very few minutes while I consider
the case.
On the questions of fact there is no differ-
ence ; there can be none. The election tools
place in a joint meeting of the two Houses of
the Legislature of New Jersey. That election
took place pursuant to a resolution adopted by
that joint meeting; and I was very clear, ana
I am yet, in the opinion that that joint meeting
had the power in advance of the election to
pass the resolution which it did adopt. It is not
nccessary to discuss the question whether that
convention could by any regulation or rule de-
part from a rule prescribed by the two Houses
acting separately, for that question is not in-
volved. The Legislature acting in its separate
branches did not undertake to prescribe tho '
rule which should govern the election; it sim-
ply declared that the election should take place
in a joint meeting of the two Houses. As to
the mode, of proceeding in that joint meeting,
the Legislature adopted no rule or law, andthe
question in my judgment is simply whether the
joint meeting had the power, first prescribing
the rule, to elect in the mode in which it did
elect.
I understand the astute Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] to rely in his argument mainly
upon one point, namely, that the Legislature,
acting in the two branches, conferred upon the
convention the power to elect; but when the
convention met it was governed by parliament-
ary law, not by any law prescribed by Congress,
for there was none; not by any law prescribed
by the Legislature, because there was none;
but by the common law governing parliament-
ary bodies; and that that was a law which the
convention or joint meeting could not disregard.
Now, sir, what was the common law governing
that body ? The Senator assumes that the com-
mon law, tho parliamentary law governing"the
body, required a majority, and that the body
itself could not adopt any fifher rule of election.
In that I think he is mistaken. I think the par-
liamentary law conferred upon that body the
power as a parliamentary body to prescribe the
manner in which it should proceed to do the
act, which it had the power to do. Upon that
subjcct 1 call the attention of the Senate to the
law as given by Mr. Cushing in his very great
woik on the Law and Practice of Legislative
Assemblies. It will be found in section three
of chapter four, part one:
"In all collective bodies of men, assembled and
acting together for the purpose of deliberating and
clecidinc upon any subject, or for the purpose of se-
lecting- 1o anv office, it is an admitted principle that
whatever is done or agreed to by the greater Dumber
shall stand as the act or the will of the whole..''
That is the general principle in all deliber-
ative bodies. He goes on to say:
"The law of the majority is universallyadmittcd
in alt lesidative assemblies, unless, in reference to
particular eases, persons, or c-ireumscaiiee;*, a a liferent
rule is prescribed by some paramount authority, oris
agreed upon beforehand and established by the as-
sembly itself, hy which asmaller number is pernutted,
or a larger number is required, to do some particular
act. But even in these cases it is the will ot theum-
jority that govern'*; because it is by a major vote, m
the first instance, that the rule itself is established."
There is the parliamentary law which con-
ferred upon this joint meeting the power to do
the very act which it did. The Senator sim-
ply assumes that parliamentary law denied to
that joint meeting tho power to do tho act
