TIP CQK(^ESSIQff;AX GLOBE.
January, 31,
authority, ,to be eitjsens of tlje United States^
persons that are, not.t.o be, counted in our Gov-
efca,9i§nt? If he does not, let him not object to
tjis amendment that brings in even the Indian
when he;shall have east off his wildhabits and
submitted to the laws of organized society and
become a citizen. 1 can see no objection to
the amendment .in its present form. I hope it
i^ay be adopted for the purpose of removing
doubts, not because I suppose it uecessai-y, for
Lbelieve.that the native-born.person of African
descent now who is a freeman in tins land is
as^much a citizen as any of us.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. I-Jiave no'desire that
tie savage Indian shall be declared a citizen of
tjie United States. I have no desire that any
Indian. shall be declared a citizen of the United
States. I dp not think he is now; and I do not
thjnk we ought to make him such. I think he
i§ not, because two of the most learned of our
Attorney Generals have so decided when the
question was submitted to thorn, that he is not
a citizen of the United States. The clause of
the Constitution to which the Senator has re-
ferred has nothing to do with the question of
citizenship, and therefore he cannot use it in
reply. It, is on a question of taxation and rep-
resentation, what the basis of each shall be.
My objection is to his proposition of making
property a test of citizenship. If it is right in
regard to the Indian, why is it not right in re-
gard to> the African, and then why not right in
regard to the white man? What the Senator
wants, as I understand, is civilization on the
part of the Indian, and I presume he wishes to
make the holding of property the test of intel-
ligence on the pna-t of the Indian. If he be a
tax-payer, he is presumed lo be sufficiently in-
telligent to be a citizen of the United States.
I do not admit the test; therefore I object to
the proposition^
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word or two in
reference to what the Senatorf'rom Illinois has
Bsid. I assumed that the gentleman's propo-
sition of amendment could not be entertained.
First, I denied the proposition which he made
in his speech of the day before yesterday that
a negro was a citizen. I assumed the other
proposition that whether a negro was a citizen
Or not, ho was not a foreigner; and not being
a foreigner he cannot, be naturalized by any act
of Congress, special or general; that nobody
.but a foreigner can be naturalized.
Now, by way of repelling the first position,
the honorable Senator introduces a decision of
one of the North Carolina courts that a negro
was a citizen in North Carolina. When was
he made a citizen in North Carolina if ho was
a citizen there V Tt was before the Constitution
was formed. He had the right to vote in North
Carolina. Will the honorable Senator say that
if that negro, having the right to vote in North
Carolina, had gone over to Virginia, or South
Carolina, or Georgia, he would have been a
citizen there and entitled to the privileges of
citizenship? He might have claimed them,
b'+t they never would have been accorded to
him.
The mere right to vote docs not amount to
citizenship. Citizenship, under the Constitu-
tion, is something different from what it was
before the Constitution was formed. Before the
Constitution was formed every State made its
own citizens; every State coined it sown money.
Since the formation of the Constitution, there
is but one power to coin money, there is but
one power to make citizens, and that is the
Government, of the United States. The State
of Illinois admitted unnaturalized foreigners
who had been resident in that State six months
to vote. Did the fact that Illinois permitted an
unnaturalized foreigner who ha.cl been resident
there six months to take part in her govern-
ment make him a citizen of the United States?
Not at all.
My position is thai this is a white man's Gov-
ernment. It was made so at the beginning.
The charters that were granted by the different
sovereigns of England to the various colonies
were granted to white men and included nobody
'.{nit white men. They did not iucludelndiaus.
They did, not in.cludc negroes. When the trou-
bles with the mother country commenced in
17G4, and culminated in revolution and a Dec-
laration of. Independence in 17T6, all of that
protracted and, important transaction was by
white men, and by white men alone. The negro
had nothing to do with it, no more than the
Indian; he was no party to it. It was not for
his grievances that that struggle was made; it
was not to reform his wrongs that that bloody
war was waged; it was not. to establish a Gov-
ernment in which he was to be a party or a
power that the Declaration of Independence
wasenunciated to the world and the old Articles
of Confederation formed ; it was not to make
him a party to our present Government that
the Constitution was formed. He was no party
in the Convention; he was not represented in
the Convention which framed the present Con-
stitution. It is a white man's Government. I
say that the negro is not a citizen. _ He maybe
made a citizen by power, but it. will be in dis-
regard, I think, of principle. I deny that this
is a Government of amalgamation. I deny that
the governing population, the population that
is clothed with political power and political
sovereignty, is the result of miscegenation. It
is a white population, and not a negro popula-
tion or an Indian or a mixed population. That
is the truth of history. It is the truth of prin-
ciple. Power and numbers may trample that
truth under foot and disregard it; but if Mar-
shall and Story and Washington and their com-
peers upon the supreme bench were here to rule
this principle, they would rule it as our fathers
understood if, in my judgment.
1 still then reiterate the position that the ne-
gro is not a citizen here according to the essen-
tial fundamental principles of our system ; but
whether he be a citizen or not, he is not a for-
eigner, and no man, white or black or red or
mixed, can be made a citizen by naturalization
unless he is a foreigner. You cannot make a
citizen in that way of a native. You cannot
make a citizen of anybody that is not a for-
eigner. You cannot transmute into a citizen
any man but one who owes allegiance to a for-
eign Government or a foreign potentate.
If the honorable gentleman is so confident in
his positions and so strongly intrenched and
fortified in them as he appears to be, let him
bring up and examine a principle, a dictum,
wlieie anybody but a foreigner was ever ad-
mitted to bo naturalized in the States or in the
United States. Let him bring up a solitary
example where a native of the country, who
had never beefmie denationalized by leaving it,
and who owed no allegiance and no obedience
to a foreign Government or a foreign potentate,
was ever admitted by any process whatever to
American citizenship.
Mr. CLARK. I wish the Senator from Ken-
tucky would tell us what constitutes a citizen
under the Constitution.-
Mr. DAVIS. No foreigner is a citizen in the
fullest sense of the word at all.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator is now telling us
who is not a citizen, but my question is what
constitutes a citizen?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 leave that to the exercise of
your own ingenuity by to-mon ow. [Laughter. ]
Mr. CLAIIK. Thatisit. Washington is dead;
Marshall is dead; Story is dead; I hoped the
Senator from Kentucky would have enlightened
us. He says a negro is not a citizen, and a
negro is not a foreigner and cannot be made a
citizen. He says that a person who might be
and was a citizen before the Constitution, is not
a citizen since the Constitution was adopted.
What right was taken away from him by the
Constitution that disqualifies him from being a
citizen? The free negroes in my State, before
the Constitution was adopted, were citizens.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CLAKK. Certainly, because I asked the
Senator to define what a citizen was.
Mr. DAVIS. Was a free negro in New
Hampshire before the Constitution a citizen of
the firmed Slates''
Mr. CLAKK. He was a citizen of my State.
Mr. DAVIS. That, being admitted, was he
a citizen of the United States?
Mr. CLARK. He was in my judgment a cit-
izen of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. If he went to Virginia or South
Carolina, would he have been entitled to cit-
izenship there?
Mr. CLARK. I think he would; I have not
any doubt about it.
Mr. DAVIS. Neither have I any that he
would not.
Mr. CLARK. I think he would, because the
Constitution has provided that a citizen of one
State shall have the rights and privileges of cit-
zens in the several States.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the Senator from Ken-
tucky asks how it was before the Constitution.
Mr. CLARK. He was a citizen before the
Constitution made that provision.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was the question put
by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CLARK. When the Senator from Ken-
tucky says he was not represented in the Con-
vention that formed the Constitution, he says
what was not true in fact.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The State of New Hampshire
had or might have had her separate State coin,
her separate coined money, before the Consti-
tution was adopted. Is not that true, that she
either had or might have had her own coin? I
pause for a reply.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, certainly, sir. I did not
suppose the Senator was waiting.
Mr. DAVIS. If she had her own coin emitted
and circulated before the Constitution was
formed, would the adoption of the Constitution
have made that coin of the United States? She
had her own citizenship according to her own
laws: and because she had her own citizenship
before the Constitution was adopted, the Con-
stitution of the United States did not on its
ratification adopt her citizenship and her citi-
zens as citizenship and citizens of the United
States.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to discuss
the question of coinage; it is the question of
citizenship that I am after. Before the Consti-
tution was adopted the free black man in my
State was just as much a citizen as the white
man; and when delegates were chosen to the
Convention which adopted the Constitution he
had a right to vote, and undoubtedly did vote,
as well as the white man. They formed that
/Constitution. In that Constitution there _ is
nothing declaring that a negro shall be a citi-
zen of the United States, and there is nothing
declaring that a white man shall be. They stand
on the same foundation. There is nothing de-
claring that the black man shall not be a citi-
zen, nothing declaring any distinction between
them; and if is a distinction which the Consti-
tution does not recognize when the Senator
from Kentucky undertakes to say that it ex-
cludes the black man and does not exclude the
white man.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to explain that I did not say it ex-
cluded the black man. I say it ignored the
black man: it paid no attention to him ; it was
made by a different race of beings; it did not
comprehend him ; he had nothing to do with it
any more than the Indian of the forest had, any
more than the Chinaman in California had in
the formation of the constitution of that State.
Mr. CLARK. I do not admit what the Sen-
ator says : I do not admit that it ignored him;
that would be the same thing as to deny him cit-
izenship ; but I do not assert that the free black
man was apart of the people of the United States,
and " we, thepeople,'' formed that Constitution,
and therefore are entitled to therights of it. I say
the free black man is a citizen under the Con-
stitution, because he held that right before, and
if the Senator wants to know when he became
a citizen of this country I will tell him : he be-
came so when he helped to achieve the inde-
pendence of the country equally with the white
: man : and as the Constitution did not exclude
