2552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
the apologists of this great stretch of execu-
tive power. That I do not err in saying it is
claimed in behalf of Mr. Johnson that he is
but pursuing-the same policy pursued by Mr.
Lincoln, the following extract will sufficiently
prove. In his 22d of February speech, already
famous at home and abroad, and in which Mr.
Johnson undertook to develop Ms policy and
to eulogize it, he said:
"The very policy which I am pursuing now was
pursued under his [Mr. Lincoln's] administration,
and was being pursued by him when that inscrutable
Providence saw fit to remove him, I trust, to a better
world than tins."
"The very policy which pursuing," is
the language of President Johnson.
Again, the honorable Secretary of State, in
the speech he made at the Cooper Institute in
New York 011 the same evening, speaking of
the same subject, used the following equally
emphatic language:
"And it is the same plan that Abraham Lincoln
projected before he was removed from his high trust,
the same one that Andrew Johnson was executing
for him in Tennessee."
That policy, sir, here asserted to be the same
as that of Mr. Lincoln, is immediate readmis-
sion to Congress, without delay, without secu-
rities, without condition ; and it is based upon
this monstrous assumption, to which I have
already alluded, that it is competent for the
Executive to reconstruct the insurrectionary
States; that it is for Mm and not for Congress
to impart political power and legislative capa-
city to the people of the insurrectionary States.
Now, sir, I assert that Mr. Lincoln never adojjted
any such principle, and I stand herein my fee-
ble way to vindicate the memory of that great
and good man from sueh an aspersion upon his
character.
Mr. Lincoln, in his proclamation of the 8th
of December, 1863, after declaring that he
should recognize as the true government of
the insurrectionary States the one which should
be constituted according to the provisions of
each of his proclamation, proceeds to use the
following cautious and significant language,
which seems to have been entirely overlooked
or forgotten by the advocates of the immediate
restoration policy:
" To avoid misunderstanding, it may be proper to
say that this proclamation, so far as it relates to State
fovernments, has no reference to States wherein loyal
tate governments have All the while been main-
tained. And for the same reason "—
That is, to avoid misunderstanding—
"it may be proper to further say that whether mem-
bers sent to Conpcress from amy State shall be admit-
ted to seats constitutionally rests exclusively with
the respective Houses, and notto any extentwith the
Executive."
Here is Mr. Lincoln's protest against his
ffwn authority so to construct an insurrection-
ary State as to impart to it the right of electing
and sending members of the Senate and House
of Representatives. He refused to recognize
as within himself any such authority. He de-
nied it in the most guarded language of which
he was capable. Is that the doctrine of Presi-
dent Johnson to-day? Does he deny that to
him pertains the power of imparting political
rights to the insurrectionary States 111 such a
■way as to enable them legally and constitution-
ally to elect Senators and Representatives?
No,sir. He asserts it; and he asserts that this
having been done by virtue of his imperial de-
crees, all that remains for Congress to do is to
pass, each House for itself," upon the naked,
barren question of the sufficiency, the regular-
ity, or formality or informality of the mere
certificates of election which may be brought
here.
He has assumed to enable the insurrection-
ary States to elect Senators and Representa-
tives to come to these Halls and participate in
our legislation. And this is the great point of
controversy between us, the assumption on his
part to interfere in the legislation of Congress
and the denial of that authority on our part.
Such is the gist of the controversy. '' My pol-
icy" means immediate readmission into the
two Houses of Congress in the persons of the
Senators and Representatives elected by these
reconstructed rebellious States without quali-
fication, without condition, and without taking
security against a recurrence of the war.
Mr. Lincoln never adopted any such princi-
ple, but. he denied it. He was careful, in order
to avoid any misunderstanding on this most-
delicate question, so to express himself in his
proclamation as to leave no ground of contro-
versy or disputation. He asserts that the right
of readmission belongs exclusively to Congress,
and not to any extent to the Executive. That
is not, however, "my policy," nor the doc-
trine of the advocates of "my policy."
Mr. President, allusion has been made to
what is known as the dying speech of Presi-
dent Lincoln. Even that has been quoted on
this floor in support of tho,pretensions of the
Executive. Sir, this doctrine receives no sup-
port from the dying speech of Abraham Lin-
coln. On the contrary it receives from that
speech a most stern and decisive rebuke. On
that occasion President Lincoln said:
"As a general rule I abstain from reading the re-
ports of attacks upon myself, wishing not to be pro-
voked by that to which I cannot properly offer an
answer. In spite of this precaution, however, it
comes to my knowledge that X am much censured
from some supposed agency in setting up and seeking
to sustain the new State government of Louisiana.
In this T have done just so much as, and no more
than, the public knows."
A phrase in its tone and style entirely Lin-
colnian.
"In the annual message of December, 1863, and
accompanying proclamation. I presented a plan of
reeJmstruction, (as the phrase goes,) which I prom-
ised, if adopted by any State, should be acceptable
to and sustained by the executive government of
the nation. I distinctly stated that this was not the
only plan which might possibly be acceptable: but I
also distinctly protested that the Executive claimed
no right to say when or whether members should be
admitted to seats in Congress from such States,"
A full, solemn, plump disclaimer on the part
of President Lincoln of the exercise of that
assumed power which I am now combatting,
the power asserted at present by President
Johnson of the right of the rebel States to
readmission into Congress.
Mr. COWAN". I beg the honorable-Sena-
tor's pardon for interrupting him, but I know
that he has no design to misrepresent the
President; I think not, at least.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. COWAN. Has not the President quite
as distinctly, quite as plumply disclaimed on
his part any attempt to influence Congress to
admit members from the southern States upon
this floor? Has he not said that that rests ex-
clusively with each House of Congress ? Mr.
Lincoln said "the respective Houses of Con-
gress." Is it-not but fair to the President to say
that he has never on any occasion or at any
time claimed that he had the right to dictate
to Congress whether they.sliould receive this
member or that member or the other? Is not
the true question this: when a southern appli-
cant for a seat comcs here, shall the Senate of
the United States decide upon it for them-
selves, and shall the House of Representatives
decide for themselves, or shall a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses, and both Houses,
decidc the question rather than the respective
Houses, as President Lincoln said, or each
House as President Johnson has declared?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, there is in
the mind of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania or in my own a great confusion of
ideas. I am combatting this principle, to wit,
that it is the right of the President of the Uni-
ted States so to reconstruct, reconstitute, or re-
create the insurrectionary State governments
as to enable them, in virtue of his executive
decrees, to elect a Senator or Representative
at all. That is the point. The mere formal
question of the power of each House to decide
upon credentials is one which I am not discuss-
ing. I go far behind that; I go down to the
bottom, to the essence of the question, and
deny the power of the President to impart.to
the people of any rebel State any political
rights whatever; and I claim that that power
belongs to Congress and to Congress alone. I
have not said that Mr. Johnson had ever stated
that he claimed he had the right to dictate
whether this House or the other should admit
this particular member or the other particular
member to a seat in the House. That is a side
issue, as the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania readily sees if he understands the ques-
tion. It has nothing to do with t^preal ques-
tion I am discussing. That is the power of the
President of the United States to impart polit-
ical rights to enemies who have forfeited them
by making war against the United States.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator will
allow mo a word, so that we may understand
each other; because I really desire to under-
stand him, and I think he is fair enough to de-
sire to understand other people. Do I under-
stand the honorable Senator, then, to say here
that, in the rebellion, the rebel States were
utterly and entirely destroyed, had no existence
whatever in the eyes of the Constitution and
the laws, and that the President had no author-
ity whatever to institute any measures for their
rehabilitation ajid for their replacement in their
order as States, and that it is in that of which
he complains of the President?
Mr. HOWARD. I shall not now undertake,
for it is unnecessary, to lay down the exact
boundaries and limitations of the power of the
President of the United States, as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, in regard to a
conquered people. That is an immaterial qucs-
ton. However, inpartanswertothegontleman'3
rather prolix interrogatory, I will say, that it is
not competent for a military commander in
the field, whether he he ''Commander-in-
Chief" or acting in any other capacity under
the Constitution of the United States, to impart
political or legislative rights to the conquered
community. That is what I assert. The Com-
mander-in-Chief holds the sword of physical
force ; all his acts as Commander-in-Chief are
connected with the prosecution of the war as
such, and go not a single inch beyond the
necessities of the war. He has 110 authority
to assume the legislative power that apper-
tains to the Government who appoints him and
whose servant he is, and undertake to cxcrcise
legislative authority in the country where lie is
the conqueror. Let the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania read the numerous eases
in Roman history and in Grecian history, and
indeed in all other histories in which such
attempts have been made on the part of com-
manders in the field, and he will not find
a single instance in which any attempt to exer-
cise legislative authority over a conquered peo-
ple has been tolerated by the Government at
home.
Mr. COWAN. I wish to state distinctly to
the honorable Senator from Michigan that my
theory is as simple 
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted by a statement of the gentleman's
theory. He has stated it so often on this floor
that I think I tolerably well understand it
myself.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will allow me. I want to make that state-
ment just here as he is addressing his argument
to me.
Mr. HOWARD. I am willing to allow al-
most anything; but I will not be' interrupted
to expose the Senate to the infliction of an
essay  
Mr. COWAN. Of course I will not persist;
but if the gentleman will not allow me to put
the question here, I will put it at a time when
he cannot avoid it.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator "will pardon
me for saying that although my refusal in this
case may not be entirely agreeable to him, it
cannot be beyond his recollection that he, on
some occasions heretofore, has shown a little
intolerance of interruption.
When I was interrupted I was reading the
dying speech of Mr. Lincoln. I must go back
to it. He says:
"In the annual message of December, 1863, and
accompanying proclamation, I presented a plan of
reconstruction, (as thephrasogoes,)-which I promised,
if adopted by any State, should be acceptable to and
sustained by the executive government of the nation.
I distinctly stated that this was not the only plaa
