3512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
in Louisiana, to be located at New Orleans; one
in Mississippi, to be located at Jackson; and
one in Arkansas, to be located at Little Rock.
The second section provides that there shall
be a register and receiver at each of the land
offices provided for in the first section, whose
compensation each shall be the same as now
prescribed by law, provided the salaries and
fees of each shall not exceed $3,000 in apy
one year; and that it shall be the duty of these
officers, under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of the 'General Land Office, to collect
without delay all maps, plots, books, papers,
-records, and other property belonging to the
several land offices in those States, and carry
the same to their respective offices; and upon
reporting that the duty has been performed
th.e Commissioner is authorized to pay them
such compensation for such extra services as
in his opinion may be reasonable and just.
The third section repeals all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homesteads in7 new 3irxtco and arizona.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, House bill No. 315, forthe
relief of the inhabitants of towns and villages
in the Territories of New Mexico and Arizona.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that any person who is the head
of a family, or who has arrived at the age of
twenty-one years, and is a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, or who shall have filed his declara-
tion gf intention to become such, as required
by the naturalization laws of the United States,
and who has never borne arms against the Uni-
ted States Government, residing in a town or
village in either of the Territories of New Mex-
ico or Arizona, and cultivating lands of the
United States in the vicinity of such town or
village, and being the bona fide owner of the
improvements thereon, is hereby declared to
be, with respect to such land, entitled to all
the benefits of the several acts of Congress
now in force granting the right of preemption
to settlers upon the public lands, and also of
the act entitled "An act to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain," ap-
proved May 20, 1862, notwithstanding that
such person shall not reside nor have resided
upon such land.
The second section provides that in order to
secure the benefits of the foregoing section the
actual resident in any of the towns or villages
aforesaid shall establish to the satisfaction of the
register and receiver, and according to such in-
structions as may be given by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, the fact that the
party is an actual bona fide resident of at least
two years in such town or village, designating
the placc of his abode and showing the con-
nection with or contiguity of the improved tract
to the place of residence, and that the culti-
vation of the improved tract is an essential
means of his subsistence, and that the same
has been cultivated and improved for a con-
tinuous period of not less than two years in the
case of preemption, or of five years in the case
of homestead, and that the tract under either
preemption or homestead, taken under the pro-
visions of this act is merely an improvement,
on which there is no actual residence, shall not
exceed the smallest legal subdivision, or forty
acres.
The third section provides that the provis-
ions of this act. shall be considered as apply-
ing not only to those persons who shall be res-
idents of towns or villages in said Territories
of New Mexico and Arizona at the date of the
passage of this act, but to those who may here-
after become so*.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOLSOJI AND PLACERVILLE RAILROAD.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back, with sundry amend-
ments, Senate bill No. 125, granting aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the town of Folsom to the town of Placer-
ville, in the State of California.
The amendments of the committee were read,
as follows:
Strike out the first and second sections and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
Be it enacted, efce., That the right of way through
the public lands be, and the same is hereby, granted
to the Placervihe and Sacramento Valley Railroad
Company, a corporation existing under the lawst>f
the State of California and designated by the Le-
gislature thereof, to construct the road hereinafter
named, and to its successors and assigns, for the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
town of Folsom to the town of Placcrville, in said
State: and the rightis hereby given to said corpora-
tion to take from the public lands adjacent to the line
of said road, material for the construction thereof.
Said right of way is granted to said railroad to the
extent of one hundred feet in width on each side of
said road where it may pass over the public lands;
also all necessary ground for station buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks,
turn-tables, and water-stations.
Strike from section three the following:
And whenever, prior to said time, any of said sec-
tions or parts of sections shall havo been granted,
sold, reserved, or covered by private land grants, or
occupied by homestead settlers, or preempted, or
otherwise disposed nf, other lands shall be selected
by said company, in lieu thereof, on the line of said
road, within twenty miles of the same, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, in alter-
nate sections, and designated by odd numbers not
more than twenty miles beyond the limits of said
alternate sections.
Amend section four so that it shall read as follows :
And be it further enacted. That whenever said Pla-
cerville and Sacramento Valley Railroad Company
shall havo ten consecutive miles of any portion of
said railroad and telegraph line ready for the service
contemplated, the President of the United States
shall appoint three commissioners to examine the
same, and if it shall appear that ten miles of said rail-
road and telegraph line have been completed in a
good and substantial manner, and in all respects as
required by this act, the commissioners shall so re-
port to the President of the United States, and patents
of lands, as aforesaid, shall be issued to said com-
pany, confirmingto said company the right and title
to said lands, situated opposite to and conterminous
with said completed section of said road, unless said
lands are covered by the exceptions of this act. And
from time to time, whenever ten additional miles
shall have been constructed, completed, and in readi-
ness, as aforesaid, and verified by the commissioners
to the President of the United States, then patents
shall be issued to said company, conveying the addi-
tional sections of land, as aforesaid; and so on as fast
as every ten miles of said road are completed, as
aforesaid: Provided,That said commissioners named
in this section shall be paid by the company ten dol-
lars per doj; for the time actually employed, and ten
cents per mile for the distance actually and necessa-
rily traveled each way.
Amend section five by striking out "draws" and
insert "drains;" also to amend the proviso so as to
read as follows:
Provided, That said company shall not charge
higher rates to the Government, its officers, or agents,
than they do to individuals for telegraphic service.
Also add to the proviso of the fifth section the fol-
lowing :
And that the said railroad shall be and remain a
public highway for the use of the Government of the
United States, tree of all toll or other charge upon
the transportation of any property or troops of the
United States, and the same shall be transported
over said road at the cost, charge, and expense of
the corporation or company owning or operating the
same.
Amend section six by adding after line fourteen
the following: "and the sections and parts of sec-
tions of lands, the title of which by the aforesaid
grant shall remain in the United States, within ten
miles of each side of the road, shall not bo sold for
less than double the minimum price of public lands
when sold,"
Amend section seven by striking out the word
"two," in line six, and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "one."
Amend the same section by striking out in line
eight the word "seventy," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words " sixty-nine."
Amend section eight by striking out all of the sec-
tion aftertheword "ease," on line seven, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: "the title to the
public lands herein reserved for the construction of
said road shall revert to the United States."
Amend section ten by striking out in line six the
word " two" and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"one."
Amend scetidh twelve by striking out the word
" two." in line five, and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " one."
Amend section thirteen by striking out all after
the word "that," in line one, to the word "Con-
gress," in line six.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to- say
a few words with reference to that one of the
amendments which proposes to require from
this railroad company the transportation, free
of all charge or toll, of all troops and muni-
tions of war of the United States at any time
when required by the Government.
Now, sir, I insist that this provision is un-
just. Although we give to this company the
right of way, we do so in consideration of the
advantage which the construction of this road
will afford the entire country along the line.
The investment of the capital of this country
in a railroad adds in fact to the value of every
acre of public land or private land anywhere
within its vicinity. In the case of the Illinois
Central railroad, I undertake to say that the
benefits which the State of Illinois and the
United States have derived from the construc-
tion of that road are infinitely greater than the
value of all the land that was ever granted to
the company.
Mr. Speaker, I object to the principle of
imposing such a requirement on any railroad
company to which we make grants of land.
When this war broke out the Illinois Central
Railroad Company were required by the Gov-
ernment to furnish cars and other means of
transportation to the Government. They had
not the ability, with all their stock, to furnish
all the transportation which the Government
required. They were obliged to apply to other
roads in the State of Illinois and out of the
State. The entire equipments of several of
those roads were seized by the Government
and kept week after week and month after
month in that service. Yet, upon the principle
which it is proposed to incorporate'in this bill,
we deny to the company to whom we are now
giving this grant the power of asking compen-
sation for the service, however great, which
they may render to the Government. In the
case to which I have referred, the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company said to the Government,
"Take our road and run it if it is necessary for
the assistance of the Government in carrying
on the war." The Government said, as it ought
to say in every case, "We will charge you a
reasonable sum for the right of way, and then
we will pay that compensation which is fair and
just with regard both to the Government and
the corporation." I hope, Mr. Speaker, that
this amendment reported by the committee will
not be agreed to; and I ask a separate vote
upon it.
Mr. ECKLEY. I understand that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Davis] objects to
this railroad company, to whom we make a lib-
eral grant of land, making a contract by which
they shall agree to do certain things for the
Government. I think that no other member
of the House is disposed to make such an
objection. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question will be taken
in gross upon all the amendments reported by
the committee, with the exception of the one
on which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] has called for a separate vote.
The question being taken, the amendments,
except that reserved, were agreed to.
The amendment on which a separate vote
was demanded was read, as follows :
Add to section five the following:
That the said railroad shall be and remain a public
highway for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, free of all toll or other charge upon the
transportation of any property or troops of the Uni-
ted States; and the same shall be transported over
said road at the cost, charge, and expense of the cor-
poration (jr company owning or operating the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
