1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3513
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
M-tJWiiSOTA LAND CKANT.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 310, mak-
ing an additional grant of lands to the State
of .Minnesota in alternate sections to aid in
the construction of a railroad in said State, it
being already provided in the Senate bill, and
moved that it be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HOLMES, from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the following cases ;
which were laid upon the table :
Petition of the National Normal School
Association, praying for a grant of lands to
establish State normal schools.
House bill No. '29'), to amend an act entitled
"An act for the relief of the purchasers and
locators of swamp and overflowed lands."
Memorial of the Legislature of Washington
Territory relative to common schools.
Memorial of the Governor and Legislature
of the Territory of Utah praying for a donation
for town sites in said Territory for school pur-
poses.
Petition of James D. Regnurt, late receiver
of public funds at the United States land of-
fice, St. Croix Falls.
House bill No. 200, to improve the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river to St. Anthony
and Minneapolis.
Petition ot' the citizens of Buffalo for a dona-
tion of public lands for the improvement of
Eagle harbor, Lake Superior.
Mr. HOLMES. I will say in the last_two
eases an adverse report has been made trom
no hostility to those improvements, butbecause
it is necessary first to receive reports of the
surveys for which an appropriation has been
made in the river and harbor appropriation
bill.
CHANGE OK MODE OF SURVEYING.
Mr. HOLMES, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 355, to author-
ize a departure from the established mode of
surveying in certain cases, with the recommen-
dation that it do pass.
The bill states that, owing to the peculiar
habits of settlement of a portion of the people
of New Mcxico and Arizona, and the irregular
configuration of the surface of the country in
some parts of the mountainous States and Ter-
ritories, the ordinary mode of surveying the
public land is not suited to all oircumstanees
and localities ; and that the adaptation of the
public surveys to the peculiar wants of the peo-
ple and to the race of the country in such cases
would save expense to the Government and
promote the public interest. And then it goes
on to enact that whenever, in the opinion of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
a departure from the ordinary mode of survey-
ing the public lands in the mountain regions
or in the river valleys would best promote the
public interest, he may authorize such modifi-
cations therein as he shall deem necessary to
adapt the surveys to such localities respect-
ively ; but no sueh changes shall be made ex-
cept under specific regulations and instruc-
tions; provided that it shall not, be construed
to authorize the surveying of any public land
into tracts containing less that forty acres nor
more than one hundred and sixty acres each.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, the bill which
has just been read appears to me to be of more
importance than the House seems to think.
It is proposed to change the entire system of
land survey which has existed so long in the
United States in reference to a portion of the
western country. I would be glad if the gen-
tleman would allow the bill to go over and be
printed, so that it may be examined by the
House before such a change is made in a sys-
tem so long established as our present system.
Mr. HOLMES. The bill has been printed,
and was passed by this House at the last session
of Congress, after consideration and recom-
mendation by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. It was reported favorably by
the committee, and passed the House, as' I am
informed, almost unanimously.
Mr. KASSON. I will only say, then, that
without any limitation as to the form in which
the survey is to be made, such a bill deserves
more examination than it could have under the
pressure of business of that committee.
Mr. HOLMES. I have no objection, if the
bill can be taken up at any time. It simply
authorizes surveys to conform to the circum-
stances of the country. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ITOLMLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JULIAN. My friend from New York
[Mr. Holmes] has yielded to me to enable me
to make a report which I promised to make
recently. I report back from the Committee
on Public Lands Senate bill No. 343, to quiet
land titles in California, with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. BIDWELL. I wish to say that I have
a few amendments which I desire to offer to
this bill, and for the purpose of saving time I
would like to have them read with the bill.
The SPEAKER. The usual course is first
to have the bill road, and then the amendments
reported by the committee. After that the
gentleman can offer his amendments.
The bill was read; and at the conclusion of
the reading,
The SPEAKER announced that the morn-
ing hour had expired, and the bill would go
over until next Tuesday morning.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 ask unanimous consentto
have the bill and amendments printed, includ-
ing those proposed to be offered by the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Bidwell.]
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
TERRITORY OF LINCOLN.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Territories, reported back House bill No.
G-17, to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Lincoln ; which was ordered to
be printed and recommitted to the committee.
TELEGRAPH LINES.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table for the purpose
of reference Senate bill No. 357, to aid in the
construction of telegraph lines, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same lor
postal, military, and other purposes.
The bill was accordingly taken up, read a
first, and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PUBLIC PARK IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the establishment and
maintenance of a public park in the District of
Columbia; which was read a first anil second
time, referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
TARIFF HILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended: and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the ^Committee
of the Whole ou the state of tho Lnion, (Mi.
Scofikld in the chair,) and resumed the "con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
by paragraphs for amendment, commencing as
follows:
On wrought-iron tubes of all descriptions, four cents
per pound; on wrought-iron hinges of alt descrip-
tions, and bed-serews, four cents per pound; on gal-
vanized iron of all descriptions, four and one half
cents per pound; on anvils of all descriptions, four
cents per pound; on cut nails and spike& of all de-
scriptions, two conts per pound; on all hand-saws
not over twenty-four inches in length,$l GOper dozen
and thirty per cent, ad valorem; over twenty-four
inehes in length, $2 50 per dozen, and, m addition
thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem; on all back-saws
not exceeding ten inches in length, $1 25 per dozen,
and, in addition thereto, thirty per ecnt. ad vn'orcm ,•
over ten inches in length, $2 25 per dozen, and, in
addition thereto, thirty per cent. a<l valorem; on
squares ot steel or iron, marked for measuring, six
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty pei
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. AMES. I move to amend, in the Iasl
line, by striking out "thirty" and inserting
"fifty," making it" fifty per cent, ad valorem."
Steel has been advanced in price three eent3
per pound, and thus stands at the old rate of
duty.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentlemau
to make it at the rate per pound rather than ad
valorem. I suggest to make it ten cents.
Mr. AMISS. I will accept the modification
to strike out "six cents" and insert "ten
cents," leaving the ad valorem duty as it stands.
Mr. HAIIDING, of Illinois. I rise to oppose
the amendment. I have not been very trouble-
some to the House during the consideration
of this bill, notwithstanding 1 have a constitu-
ency which 1 believe is about equal in number
to that which is ordinarily represented by a mem-
ber on this floor, and have therefore an equal
right to express.my views. I dissent from this
special provision of this bill and to many others.
I hold that this vast increase of the tariff duty
will have the effect to impose an onerous and
excessive burden upon the consumers of the
articles which are mentioned in this billjpthc
toiling millions of the country.
If 1 understand the effects of thisbill, they are
these: by the provisions of this bill it is expected
to affect the value of at least $1,000,000,000
worth of material which is now on hand in the
warehouses of merchants, manufacturers, and
importers, including all that will be manufac-
tured, all of which, both that on hand and that
to be manufactured, is to be consumed within
the next year. My information from gentlemen
who are cognizant of the facts is to the effect
that that estimate is not too large. The effect
of this biil will be to increase the cost of that
$1,000,000,000 worth of material to be con-
sumed by tho people of the United States
within the next year at least thirty per cent,
upon the ijliole amount, or at least $800,000,000.
Now, let me ask this committee, who will pay
this increase? If it was an appropriation to pay
a premium to manufacturers and to the holders
of the imported articles there might not be so
much objection to it, for it would be an appropri-
ation out of the Treasury of the United States.
We derive tho money in the Treasury of the
United States iti a great measure from taxes
upon the wealth of the country, upon the in-
comes of the wealthy, upon articles of luxury;
and if we should take out of the Treasury of
the United States S-300,000,000 and appropri-
ate it pro rata to those who ask assistance under
this bill, we could better afford to do it, for
then we would have a constituency able jo pa.y
it. But we propose to take it, by this bill, not
from the wealth of the country, but from the
poor, who are burdened in common with the
wealthy with the taxes imposed by the revenue
bill; we are to extract from the consumers of
the United States during the next year the sum
of $800,000,000, and to pay it to whom?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The q uestion was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Ames, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out "six" and inserting
" nine," so as to make the duty nine cents per
