186a
ttlE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
years,-the constitution itself adopting the joint
meeting as a legislative body, what power does
the Constitution of the United States confer
upon that legislative body?
I say it is the power to do this act of choos-
ing a Senator in the mode consistent with its
practice. That joint meeting for so many years
having controlled its own mode of proceeding,
the parliamentary law thereby became abro-
gated so far as it was inconsistent with the
practice of the joint meeting. How does it
come that we have not the previous question
in this body? It is a part of the parliamentary
proceeding known for two hundred years in
England. It was known in the Congress un-
der the Articles of Confederation. It has been
known in the House of Representatives ever
since the adoption of the Constitution. It was
practiced for many years in the Senate after
the adoption of the Constitution, but by cus-
tom it has been abandoned, and is no longer a
part of the parliamentary law of this body. I
know of no express abrogation of the previous
question in this body. The rules of the body
prescribe what motions may be made during
debate. It may be said that that rule had the
effect to abrogate the previous question; but
I think it will be found, though I have not had
time to examine it very thoroughly, that the
previous question ceased to be a part of the
law of this body by its non user, by the prac-
tice of the body to the contrary.
It is very clear. Mr. President, that we can
modify our rules by a practice of many years,
and that practice becomes the law of the body
instead of the parliamentary law. It is known
to lawyers that even the common law may be
modified by a custom in a neighborhood to the
contrary. This legal custom, this neighbor-
hood custom, perhaps, does not become the law
of the land, so that the courts will ex officio
take notice of it, but you can prove a custom
in a neighborhood or a city, among all the peo-
ple that exercise a business, trade, or art, in
court for the purpose of making that custom
part of the contract which is in question be-
fore the court. It is custom that has the effect
to modify or abrogate a proposition of common
law. So in a deliberative body 1 claim that
a custom will modify or abrogate a part of the
parliamentary law, and hero for seventy-five
years, in the joint meeting of the New Jersey
Legislature, practice has obtained of govern-
ing its conduct by rules adopted by itself, and
among those rules is found a rule regulating
the number necessary to a choice.
Now, Mr. President, one othcrpointl desire
to make, and then I am done. The joint meet-
ing of the Legislature agreed to elect by a plu-
rality. They did so elect. The presiding offi-
cer, it seems from the record, announced the
result, and there was no objection to it. The
convention proceeded to other business on the
result being announced, and by silence ac-
quiesced. T say that is conclusive upon the
question. Here is the record:
"Hon. John P. Stockton having received a plu-
rality of all the votes cast, was declared duly clcctcd
United states Senator for the term of six years from
the 4th day of March, instant.
"Mr. Mol^mun moved that the joint meeting now
proceed to the election of commissioners of deeds in
the various townships; which was agreed to."
No objection was made to the election; it
was acquiesced in by the whole bod}'. 1 say
after the body acquiesces in the announcement
of the presiding officer, makes no point upon
it then and there, it is the act of the whole
body. We witness it here every day. How
frequently when you, sir, put a question to this
body is there in the affirmative not a single
response, while in the negative there are three
or four responses. The presiding officer knows
very well from the course of the debate what
is the judgment and wish of the body, and it is
announced that the affirmative has carried. If
I am not satisfied with that decision, must I
not make my point then ? Must I not say to
the presiding officer, "'Iaskfora division," or
"I ask for the yeas andnays," right then? If
I acquiesce in the announcement that is made
by the presiding officer, I cannot afterward
question it. Suppose a case: suppose that
when the vote is taken upon the passage of a
bill, not a single Senator votes for the bill
while every Senator who actually votes votes
in the negative, and the presiding officer an-
nounces the vote to the body that the affirma-
tive has it, and no Senator objects at the time,
can you let that go upon the Journals and then
afterward undertake to prove that the bill never
did pass ?
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend, the Sena-
tor from Indiana, allow me a suggestion ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. In the election of my col-
league, in 1801, the legislative body voted in
joint convention, as in the State of New Jersey,
and the result of the vote was declared to be a
majority in his favor, and the presiding officer
declared him duly elected a Senator of the
United States from the State of California for
six years from March 4, 1801, and the joint
convention dissolved and adjourned. But it
was found after that election was declared that
less than a majority had really voted for him,
that there was an error in the count; in other
words, that there was a majority cast against
him or for other candidates. 1 believe" I am
quite certain of that—the Senator obtained his
certificate of election. But the Legislature
took the position immediately that that was
not an election, and a new convention was
ordered, the Legislature calling upon him for
his first certificate before they would give him
a new one or consider the question of his sec-
ond election; and it was by virtue of his cre-
dentials issued upon the second election that
he now occupies his seat in the Senate. I make
this statement applicable to the point the Sen-
ator from Indiana is now discussing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Upon the statement
made by the distinguished Senator from Cali-
fornia, I should say that his colleague was well
elected to the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. But that doea not touch
the case; that hardly roaches the argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the vote was an-
nounced to the convention, and there was no
question of the announcement at the time, I
say it was acquiesced in by that body.
Mr. CONNESS. There was not in the case
that I state.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; then there
was no opportunity given. If' there was no
announcement of the result there was no oppor-
tunity given to question it. Upon this question
I will read a very few authorities. Broom's
Maxims, page 103, says :
"Where at the trial of the cause a proposal was
made by the judge in the presence of the counsel on
both sides, who made no- objection, that the jury
should assess damages contingently, with leave to the
plaintiff to move to enter a verdict for the amount
found by the jury, it was held that both parties were
bound by the proposal, and that the plaintiff's coun-
sel was not therefore at liberty to move for a new
ti ial on the ground of misdirection, for qui tucet con-
seniire videtur, the silence of counsel implicit then
their consent to the course adopted by the judge."
In the Queen vs. Green, ('2 Queen's Bench
Cases,) Chief Justice Denman said:
"I am of opinion that tlio objection here taken is
Rood, ft is not necessary to scan particular cases.
The principle is, he that concurred in inducing a
party to exercisc an office cannotbc heard in this court
on an application in this court to turn him out of
that office."
Lord Kenyon said, in Rex vs. Clarke, 1
East, 46:
" The court will not listen to a. corporator who has
aequiesecd or perhaps eoncuiredin the very act which
he afterward coincs to complain of when it suits his
purpose."
In Cameron's case. Thirty-Fourth Congress,
third session, it was alleged by the protestants
that the Senate of the State did not appoint a
teller and perform other duties at the time pre-
scribed by the statute. The report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, submitted by Mr.
Benjamin, contains the following language:
" But where, as in the present ease, both Houses
proceeded without objection from any source to per-
form their constitutional duty of electing a Senator,
the necessity of complying with any particular iorms
required by law may fairly be considered as waived
by common consent, and it is entirely too late, after
the result of the voting has been ascertained, to raise
a question as to the mode of proceeding."
These are all the authorities to which I wish
to refer on that point. I hold (though I do
not think it is important to refer to that prin-
ciple) that the result of the vote having been
announced, Mr. Stockton having been declared
to be elected Seiiator, that announcement not
having been_ questioned, the body proceeding
to other business acquiesced in the annotince-
ment. That convention, it is not questioned,
could elect in any mode. Suppose on their
assembling somebody had proposed that Mr.
Stockton be the Senator, ana the vote had been
taken, viva vote and the presiding officer had
announced that Mr. Stockton was elected Sen-
ator, could it be afterward questioned that he
had been elected Senator? As well might a
ipau go into court and question the announce-
ment made by the presiding officer of this body
on the .passage of a law and undertake to prove
that the law was not in fact passed, when on
the announcement of its passage being made
by the presiding officer no Senator questioned
it, all the Senate acquiesced in the announce-
ment made. So it being announced in this
joint meeting that Mr. Stockton was elected
Senator, all the members of the convention
knowing the purpose-of the ani^Duncement and
the purpose of the meeting and the business
that was before it, that announcement being
made and acquiesced in by the silence of all
the members of the body, it is the vote and act
of the entire body.
But upon the first question my mind was en-
tirely clear on the investigation in the commit-
tee. The question was there very thoroughly
investigated, and the arguments which th«
learned Senators on that committee presented
in giving their votes were entirely conclusive
to my mind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if no
other Senator designs saying anything, I in
conclusion desire to say a lew words in behalf
of the report of the committee ;which I pre-
sented.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Illinois
proposes to speak on this proposition, I wish
to suggest that I suppose that I am entitled to
close the debate on the amendment.
Mr. THUMB DLL. It is the first time I ever
knew in a parliamentary body that a perso.n
who opposed the report of the committee had
the close of the debate. I supposed that by all
parliamentary rules the chairman of the com-
mittee who submits a proposition to the Senate
or to any parliamentary body was entitled to
close the debate. I do not think, however, it is
very important. If the Senator from New
Hampshire desires to follow me, he may do se.
It is not a matter that I sljall have any contro-
versy with him about; but I understand the
usage to be the other way.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator entirely misun-
derstands me. I did not claim the right to
close the debate. 1 said upon this proposition,
which does not close the debate, I should be
entitled to close, and I make that remark that'
there may be no misunderstanding on the part
of the Senator, so that if he makes his argu-
ment now, he may know that on this affirmative
proposition of amendment I shall be entitled
to close. I do not say that he is not entitled
to close the entire debate by any means.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a mere begging
of words. The Senator from Now Hampshire
knows that the whole question is involved in
the proposition now before the Senate. _ If the
Senate votes that he is not entitled to his seat,
does it not settle whether he is entitled to it or
not? It is merely putting in a word to take
the vote in another form; it involves the whole
merits of the question. It is not a side issue ;
it is not a demurrer; it is a proposition going
to the whole matters in question. But f am
going to have no discussion with the Senator
from New Hampshire on this point. I shall
say nothing that I do not wish to have met
and controverted, if it be not correct.
Mr. CLARK. T 8o not propose, and did not
propose, to take from the Senator from Illinois,
