1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
him he hold his rights under the Constitution.
He assisted in my State in electing delegates to
that Convention, and so in other States.
1 desire to say further, and I will say now,
Mr. President, though not exactly germane to
this point, that in my State there is not a single
disqualification or discrimination between the
■white man and the black man, and there is not
to be found on the statute-book any act making
him free, for he never was a slave there. He
may, in some eases, have been held in duress;
he was always a freeman legally.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
answer me a question?
Mr. CLARK. I will try to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. Have or have not many Afri-
cans been bought and sold as slaves in New
Hampshire?
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt they have-
been bought and sold, not by law, but by vio-
lence and wrong; certainly (hey have. In the
course of my practice in the State of New Hamp-
shire I did once find among some old papers a
bill of sale of a negro, dated in 1792; and it was
the only instance that I ever did find within that
State. I have searched the statutes from be-
ginning to end; I have searched the old laws
and the constitution, and 1 can find no law that
ever recognized a slave, nor can I find any law
that ever set a slave free.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly; as many as the
Senator chooses.
Mr. DAVIS. Did you ever find a law de-
clai lug a horse to be property?
Mr. CLARK. Yes. I have found it.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not. We have none
in our State. It probably exists by usage.
Mr. CLARK. So it exists in my State by
Custom; but we recognize it as property by stat-
ute as well. We never did recognize a negro
as property. We always recognized him as a
man and as a citizen.
Mr. DAVIS. How did your people sell him?
Mr. CLARK They sold him very much as
a man steals a, horse.
Mr. DAVIS. Your countrymen stole him
and sold him.
Mr. CLARIv. I do not know whose country-
men sold him. I believe my people are like
other people, and if they did steal and sell a
negro they did a great wrong to the negro.
No matter where slavery exists, lie it in New
Hampshire or Kentucky, it is a violence and a
wrong. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order! order!
These demonstrations must not be repeated.
They are in violation of the order and decorum
of the body. If they are repeated, the Chair
will feel compelled to order the Sergeant-at-
Arms to clear the galleries at. once.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desired, Mr. President, that
the Senator should tell me what in his opin-
ion constituted a citizen under the Constitution.
Free negroes were citizens before the Consti-
tution, he admits, in my State.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the honorable
Senator. We sometimes answer a positive
question by declaring what a thing is not. Now
the honorable Senator asks me what a citizen
is. It is easier to answer what it, is not than
what it is, and 1 say that a negro is not a citizen.
Mr. CLARK. Well, Mr. President, that is
a lucid definition. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Sufficient for the subject.
Mr. CLARK. That is a begging of the ques-
tion. I wanted to find why a negro was not a
citizen, if the gentlenfan would tell me. If he
would lav down his definition, I wanted to see
whether "the negro did not comply with it and
conform to it, so as to be a citizen; but ho
insists that he is not a citizen.
ilr. DAVIS. I will answer that question if
the honorable Senator will permit me. Gov-
ernment is a political pai Inership. No persons
but the pajuieis who formed the partnership
aie parties to the Government. Here is a Gov-
ernment formed by the white man alone. The
nearo was excluded from the formation of our
39tii Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 34.
political copartnership: he had nothing to do
with it; he had nothing to do in its formation.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to aslc a ques-
tion. Is it a close corporation, so that new
partners cannot be added?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; it is a close white
corporation. You may bring all of Europe,
but none of Asia and none of Africa into our
partnership.
Mr. CLARK. Let us see, Mr. President,
how that may be. Take the gentleman's own
ground, that government is a partnership, and
those who did not enter into it and take an
active part in iL cannot be citizens. Is a woman
a citizen under our Constitution?
Mr. DAVIS. Not to vote.
Mr. CLAItK. I did not ask about voting.
The gentleman said a while ago that voting did
not constitute citizenship. I want to know if
she is a citizen. Can she not sue and be sued,
contract and exercise the rights of a citizen?
Mr. DAVIS. So can a free negro.
Mr. CLARK. Then if a free negro can do
all that, why is he not a citizen except that the
Dred Scott decision .says that 
Mr. DAVIS. Because he is no part of the
governing power. That is the reason.
Mr. CLARK. I deny that, because in some
of the States he is a part of the governing
power. The Senator only begs the question;
it only comes back to this, that a nigger is a
nigger. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. That is the whole of it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK. That is the whole of the gen-
tleman's logic. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, but for the
decision in the Dred Scott case, to which allu-
sion has been made, perhaps the question would
be fiec fiotn all difficulty; but, as the Senate arc
already informed, the decision in that ease was
that, because of the particular condition of the
African, neither he nor any of his descendants
were citizens. The Senate will find, by referring
to that decision, that the court put it entirely
upon the ground that th e Africans were imported
into the United States as slaves, and bought and
sold as property, and according to the view that
the court, took all their descendants partook of
that condition; that is to say. they inherited the
disqualification of the ancestor. The sins of
the ancestor, if they could be called sins, were
visited upon the children. They applied that
principle by saying that the disqualification of
the ancestor because of his condition was to be
visited upon the children. It is very obvious
upon the reading of that opinion that the court
would have come to a diflerent conclusion, pro-
vided the African < had immigrated to the United
States as immigra tits, instead of coming here as
property. I f they had come as men and had not
been brought in as chattels, then they would
have been citizens of the United States. It is
also evident that if the Supreme Court had taken
the \ie\v laken by the honoiable member who
has just addressed the Senate, [Mr. Claiik,]
that there were in the States Africans or de-
scendants of Africans at the time of the adop-
tion of the. Constitution who were citizens of
the Stales in which they might be, they would
have been citizens of the United States. That
is obvious, as 1 think, from a paragraph in
the opinion to which I invite the attention of
the Senate, which will be found in I'J Howard,
page IOO:
The court, say. after stating the case;
"Tlio unestion then arKes. whether the provisions
of the Constitution, in relation to the peisnnal riffhts
and privileaes to which the citizen of a State should
bo entitled, embraced the netrio Ai'ricin race at that
time in this country, or who mistht afterward be im-
ported, who had then or should aiterward be made
tree in any State : and to pat it in the power of a sin-
gle State to make liim a eitizcn of the United States,
and endue hnn with the full ii?hts of citizenship m
every other State without their consent.''
The court put the question and say:
"The court think the affirmative of these proposi-
tions cannot be maintained."
And then follows the passage to which I whh
to make particular reference:
"It is true that every person,"—
Without reference to color, black or white—
"It is true that every person, anil everyelass and
description of persons, who were at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution recognized as citizens in
the several States became also citizens of this new
political body, butnoneother; it was formed by them,
andforthemand their posterity, but fornoone else."
Then the court, after entering into a his-
torical examination of the fact whether these
people were recognized as citizens of the seve-
ral States, and coming to the conclusion that
they were not so recognized, came to the con-
sequent result that, not being citizens of the
States according to the view taken by the court,
they were not under the Constitution made cit-
izens of the United States. But if the court
had taken the view taken by the honorable
member from New Hampshire, that there were
in the State of New Hampshire Africans who
were citizens of the State, recognized as citi-
zens of the State, participating in the politi-
cal government of the State, and therefore par-
ticipating in the election of members of the
Convention, and participatiag in the question
whether -the Constitution was to be adopted or
not, they would have come to the conclusion
that they were citizens. The error, therefore,
that the court have committed, if they have
committed an error at all, a question that I do
not propose now to discuss, is not in the prin-
ciple maintained by the honorable member from
New Hampshire but in the historical fact, wore
or were not negroes in the States of the United
Slates citizens of such States, all or any one, at
the time the Constitution was adopted. If the
court, to repeat, had come to the conclusion that
tliey svere such citizens, then according to their
own view it would have followed that they be-
came under the Constitution citizens of the Uni-
ted States, it being true, to repeat the language
of the court—
"Thnt every person andeyervclassanddescription
of persons who were at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution reeotrnized as citizens in the several
States became also citizens of the United States."
But the Supreme Court have decided that
negroes are not citizens, and the decision stands
before us. Whether it will be recognized here-
after when the question arises in that tribunal
at any subsequent time is a matter that I do
not propose now to inquire into : there it is, and
we have a right to suppose that it may control
subsequent decisions ; andif it does control sub-
sequent decisions, the result will he that this law
will not be operative because the court came to
the conclusion thatno African who was brought
into the country as a slave and sold as a slave
was himself, or any of his descendants, a citi-
zen of the United States within the meaning of
that term as found in the Constitution of the
United States.
But now suppose that those who take a view
different from that taken by the Supreme Court
take the proper view, that they may be made
citizens notwithstanding the Constitution of the
United States; let me for a moment address
myself to the objection stated by the honorable
member from Kentucky. I understand the hon-
orable member as saying that, .under the Con-
stitution of the United States, no person can be
made a citizen of the United States by legisla-
tion except under that clause of the Constitu-
tion which gives to Congress the authority to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization. That
is his proposition. Now, where docs that lead
us ? See the condition in which wc should be
placed if that proposition is right.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator does
not apprehend me exactly as I intended to
express myself. I mean that no person can be
naturalized as a citizen of the ii nited States
unless that person be a foreigner.
Mr. J OHNSON. That I understand to have
been the proposition of the honorable member,
and now I concede it under that clause. I ad-
mit that the honorable member is right in say-
ing that that clause was intended to apply only
to foreigners who might come to the United
States and desire to take upon themselves the
character of citizens. Under your naturaliza-
tion laws, therefore, passed in pursuance of that
authority, there is no power to make citizens of
