530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
th*; United States under that clause other than
those who areforeigners, and subject, therefore,
to the Government from which they come. I
have no doubt that is true; but does it follow
from that that these negroes cannot be made
citizens? That would be an extraordinary con-
dition for the country to be in. Here are four
million negroes. They are not foreigners, be-
cause they were born in the United States. They
have no foreign allegiance to renounce, because
they owed no foreign allegiance. Their alle-
giance, whatever it was, was an allegiance to
the Government of the United States alone.
They cannot come, therefore, under the natu-
ralizing clause; they cannot come, of course,
under the statutes passed in pursuance of the
power conferred upon Congress by that clause;
but'does it follow from that thai you cannot
make them citizens; that the Congress of the
United States, vested with the whole legisla-
tive power belonging to the Government, hav-
ing within the limits of the United States four
million people anxious to become citizens, and
when you are anxious to make them citizens,
have no power to make them citizens? It seems
to me that to state the question is to answer it.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
■allow me a'moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. I admitted in the commence-
ment of my remarks that there were two modes
of making citizens of foreigners under the Con-
stitution of the United States. The first was
by a uniform rule of naturalization to be pre-
scribed by Congress; the second was that where
a treaty was negotiated between the United
States and a foreign Government by which we
acquired territory that contained inhabitants,
those inhabitants, by necessary implicar ion, were
admitted to eitizenship. Now, I put this ques-
tion in the form of a principle to the Senator:
when there are two modes expressed in the Con-
stitution by which this thing may bo done, one
by express provision and the other by necessary
implication, does, or does not, the enumeration
of these two modes exclude all other modes?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, so far as the
particular persons who would be embraced by
the particular modes are involved. But sup-
pose there had been no power given in the Con-
stitution to Congress to naturalize.
Mr. DAVIS. Then we should have had no
power to naturalize.
Mr. JOHNSON. That would be a Govern-
ment of an extraordinary kind.
Mr. DAVIS. No power having been given
by the Constitution to the General Government
to naturalize a negro, a negro cannot be natu-
ralized.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not speaking of the
negro; I am speaking of anybody.
Mr. DAVIS. I answered your proposition
and I put you raino. I deny the power in the
case you slate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why is there not a power
given to naturalize the negro ? Suppose a negro
came from Africa now, could he not be natu-
ralized ?
Mr. DAVIS. I say not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not? Only because
the term "white" is contained in our naturali-
zation laws. But I am speaking of the clause
of the Constitution in reference to naturaliza-
tion. The constitutional clause does not use
the term "white." Congress might pass a
naturalization act that would embrace the negro
immigrant as well as the white immigrant.
There can be no doubt about that. Then it is
not because of their color that the fundamental
objection supposed to exist in the mind of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky applies.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to explain?
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. This is a Government and a
political organization by white people. It is a
principle of that Government and that organi-
zation before and below the Constitution, that .
nobody but white people are or can be parties\
to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think that is an
answer to my question. But let me ask the
honorable Senator why it was that Congress,
when it passed the naturalization act, put in the
word "white," and what would have been the
effect of the law if that word "white" had not
been inserted ? Suppose they had provided for
the naturalization o"f all foreigners, would not
the black men have been included?
Mr. DAVIS. I say not.
Mr. JOHNSON. So far as the Constitution
is concerned, why not? The honorable mem-
ber reads the Constitution as if it said that none
but white men should become citizens of the
United States ; but it says no such thing, and
never intended, in my judgment, to say any
such thing. If it had designed to exclude from
all participation in the rights of citizenship cer-
tain men on account of color, and to have con-
lined, at all times thereafter, citizenship to the
white race, it is but fair to presume, looking to
the character of the men who framed the Con-
stitution, that they would have put that object
beyond all possible doubt; they would have
said that no man should be a citizen of the
United States except a white man, or rather
would have negatived the right of the negro to
become a eitizen by saying that Congress might
pass uniform rules upon the subject of the nat-
uralization of white immigrants and nobody
else ; but that they did not do. They left it to
Congress. Congress, in the exercise of their
discretion, have thought proper to insert the
term " white" in the naturalization act; but
they may strike it out, and if it should be stricken
out, I do not think any lawyer, except my friend
from Kentucky, would deny that a black man
could be naturalized, and by naturalization
become a citizen of the United States.
But to go back to the point- from which the
questions of my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky caused me to digress, we have now within
the United States four million colored people,
the descendants of Africans, whose ancestors
were brought into the Unit ed States as chattels.
It was because of that condition that they were
considered as not entitled to the rights of citi-
zenship. We have put an end to that condi-
tion. We have said that at all times hereafter
men of any color that nature may think proper
to impress upon the human frame, shall, if
within the [Tniled States, be free, and not prop-
erty. Then we have four million colored peo-
ple who are now as free as we are ; and the only
question is, whether, being free, they cannot
be clothed with the rights of citizenship. The
honorable member from Kentucky says 110, be-
cause the naturalization clause does not include
them. 1 have attempted to answer that. lie
says no, because the act passed in pursuance
of that clause does not include them. I have
answered that by saying that that act in that
particular may be changed.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. JOHNSON'. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Has the Government of the
United States any power that is not conferred
upon it by the Constitution?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly not. _
Mr. DAVIS. Where is the power in the Con-
stitution, or the provision in the Constitution,
that gives the right to the Government of the
United States to make a eitizen of a native-born
n egro ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that there
is any particular clause that says the child of
a native-born negro is to be a citizen, but it
would be an extraordinary thing if under the
judiciary clause it were not in the power of Con-
gress to authorize a native-born negro, to use
the language of my friend from Kentucky, to sue.
Mr. DAVIS. I reckon the language is good.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not saying it is not
good. I used it because I was sure it was good,
as you used it. I would not have used it ex-
cept upon your authority. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Yon are getting modest.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, Mr. President, if
we can, by legislation, authorize the negro to
sue, we are authorized to go 'one step at least
toward making him a citizen. If we can au-
thorize him to contract we take another step.
If we authorize him to testify we take another
step_; and so to go on by assuming that we au-
thorize him to do every other act that a white
man can do, short of the right of voting, what
is there in the Constitution which denies us the
power to stop when we come to the exercise of
that right? I can find nothing in the Consti-
tution which leads to that result. If I am right
in the opinion which I entertain, that we can
authorize them to sue, authorize them to con-
tract, authorize them to do everything short of
voting, it is not because there is anything in the
Constitution of the United States that confers
the authority to give to a negro the right to con-
tract, but it is because it is a necessary, inci-
dental function of a Government that it should
have authority to provide that the rights of every-
body within its limits shall be protected, and
protected alike. It would have been a disgrace
to the members of the Convention, in my judg-
ment, if tliey had looked to the condition of
things which now exists; or, without looking to
that condition of things, if they had looked to
the contingency sure to happen, and which was
rapidly occurring at the time when the question
became a matter of political agitation, that sla-
very would sooner or later be abolished by State
legislation or State action, and hud denied to
the Congress of the United States the authority
to pass laws for the protection of all the rights
incident to the condition of a free man.
I rose, Mr. President, with no view except
to state the particular observations that I hava
stated, and will therefore say nothing further.
Mr. DAVIS. I differ toto ccelo from the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland upon this propo-
sition. My opinion is that the Constitution of
the United States never intended to place free
negroes or slave negroes under the jurisdiction
of the General Governmental all; thatthe whole
subject of free negroes and of slave negroes is
left by the Federal Constitution, and was in-
tended to be left by the Constitution, under the
jurisdiction and exclusive control of the several
States.
Mr. STEWART. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes. sir.
Mr. STEWART. Have we not a provision
which is now a part of the Constitution, which
expressly provides that we may legislate on this
subject?
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senaforwants
my opinion. 1 say that that provision is revolu-
tionary. Have Congress aud the Legislatures
of the States the right to change our form of
Government? Have they a right to establish
a monarchy? Have tliev a right to establish a
Presidency for life ? llave they a right to es-
tablish a Senate for lifetime, or a Senate that
would transmit its honoi> and its offices to their
posterity? Sir, the power to change the Con-
stitution is a power simply to amend ; it is not
a power to revolutionize; it is not a power to
subvert; it is not a power to change our form of
Government. Notwithstanding the high au-
thority of the Senator from Maryland, and also
of the Senator from Nevada, my position is—I
may be overruled and expect to tie overruled in
it, bat still it is my opinion—that underlhp power
simply to amend the Constitution of the United
States there is no power to revolutionize it, to
subvert it, or to change it from a republic to a
monarchy, and these acts cannot be effected by
any power except the power of revolution.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to make some ob-
servations upon this bill. I do notknow whether
it is the purpose of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to bring it to a vote to-
night 
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will give way,
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate
adjourned.
