114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
ous and anti-republican notions have again
crept into and are likely to be conserved in the
new organizations, and Congress will likely de-
mand that they be eradicated before admission.
It-is quite certain that Congress is not satisfied
svith the present condition of things, and if we
determine not to accept them, the decision
should be made at once.
Some say we cannot go behind the action of
the President. He has pardoned the rebels,
and that pardon restored them to all the rights
of citizenship, and among those rights is the
right, 1 o vote. As the Constitution now stands,
the regulation of the franchise belongs to the
States. Hut surely Congress has entire control
over the question of United States citizen-
ship. Congress may make a citizen of the Uni-
ted States. It made many, by joint resolution,
in the admission of Texas. Congress made
citizens of the Stoc-kbridge and other Indiana
by law. and recently it has declared, by bill
already passed, the entire African race to be
citizens of the United States. It seems to me
that this power exists in Congress, as a great
political right, irrespective of the crime of re-
bellion or other offense committed by the citi-
zen himself. If this be true, then Congress
may provide for an enrollment of all its citizens
in the seceded States, and require an oath, or
proof if jou please, of original loyalty in any
form to be prescribed, and in default of such
oath or proof, or both, if thought necessary,
the party so neglecting or refusing might be
declared decitizenized. If this can be done
much difficulty may be avoided, for Congress
may at once provide for the erection of State
governments in those States by the loyal men
only. Ill this way the entire question of negro
suffrage may be avoided. As those State gov-
ern men ts existed at the date of secession, the
negro_ could not vote, but at the same time, it
was likewise provided, in nearly all of them,
that none but ^citizens of the United States
■should vote. For instance, the constitution of
Mississippi is in the following words:
" Every m;e win to male person of the age of twenty-
one years or upward, who shall be a citizen of the
United State.-,, and shall have resided in this State
one year next pi eroding an election, and the last four
monlhs v;ithi:i tile county, city, or town, in which he
oilers to vote shall be deemed a qualified elector."
Under the constitution of Texas, '■ every free
rnrde person who shall hnve attained the age of
twenty-one years, and who shall be a citizen
of the United States, etc., (Indians not taxed
and Africans and the descendants of Africans
excepted.'') shall be entitled to vote. The
constitution of Arkansas provides that—
"Every free white male citizen of the United
States who shall have attained the age of twenty-
one years,'- ic.
ShaJljote. ThequalifieationsinFlorida, Ala-
bama, iennessee. and Louisiana are the same.
'1 he right has been exercised. I know, but, may
1 e seriously questioned, whether any but citizens
of ihe United Slates may properly be permitted
to vote in any State. But however that mav
be, the constitutions to which 1 have referred
requned this lest for the elector; and if Con-
gi ess can take away citizenship, the State has
alieady taken away suffrage, and reconstiuc-
tion on the basis of purely loyal men, few or
manj,, white or black, will orvo State govern-
ments, with which the President, would find no
cau^e. in my judgment, to interfere by military
power.
The usual answer to the exercise of this
power by Congress is that it is an ex post facto
law, and.therefore prohibited by the Constitu-
tion. which declares that—
" No bill of attainder or aepoet facto law shall be
uas-ed. '
'•ut is it in any sense an ex pout facto law?
Mr. JIKXDRiCKS. Yes, it is.
Mr. MENDEilSON. The Senator says it is.
An ex post J'adt, law is one that prescribes a
punishment for the commission or doing of an
act, to which no penalty or forfeiture was at-
tached at the time of doing it, or which increases
the punishment after the commission of the
offense". The question which I aimed to put,
is, can Congress, in the exercise of its power for
the safety of the nation, the preservation of the
public welfare, take away the rights of citizen-
ship for any cause whatever? we have before
us a question now, the decision of which will
involve the solution of this. Congress hereto-
fore gave the right of suffrage to the people of
this District in their own municipal govern-
ment. Can Congress pass ah act to take away
that right of suffrage and put the city or Dis-
trict government here in the hands of a board
of commissioners, to be appointed by the Pres-
ident or by Congress ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Constitution of the
United States places the government of the Dis-
trict of Columbia entirely under the control of
Congress, and therefore we may do for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, I piesume, whatever a legis-
lative body may properly do for the people un-
der its jurisdiction. But, with the permission
of the Senator, I wish to suggest further, that
if the President of the United States, as we all
know he has done, has pardoned a very large
portion of the people of the South upon a con-
dition with which they have complied, they then,
in my judgment, so far as the penalty of the law
stands, are free from its penalties, and that to
take away the right of citizenship is a penalty
which we cannot impose as a punishment after
the President has pardoned the parties.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator persists
in misunderstanding me. I am not speaking
now of crimes, nor the effect of the pardon. I
have answered many questions, and, perhaps,
not very satisfactorily. The Senator will per-
mit me to ask hint one question, as it may con-
vey to him the best possible answer to the ques-
tion he has asked me. In the State of Indiana,
to-day, the uneducated are entitled to the right
of suffrage. Does the Senator believe that a
constitutional convention of the State of In-
diana, if now in session, could deprive every
man in that State who cannot read and write
of the right of suffrage ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no doubt that
the constitution of the State might be so amended
as to limit the right of suffrage according to the
pleasure of the convention, if that action should
be approved by the people. But, sir, the ques-
tion 1 suggested to the Senator was this: can
you, after an act is done, impose a penalty not
known to the law at the time the act was done ?
Can we, according to the sentiments which gov-
ern legislative bodies in these modern times,
enact an ex post facto law, and punish a party
for an act done in a manner not provided for
by the law at the time the act was done, and
especially after the President, or any other
party having the power to pardon, has exer-
cised that power.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will re-
member the Federal Constitution provides that
no State '' shall pass any bill of attainder, ex
post facto law, or law impairing the obliga- j:
tions of contracts.'' He says that the State of j'
Indiana may pass such a law, and it will not be I!
subject to the objection that it is ex post facto. |
How, then, is it that a similar act passed by ji
Congress conflict* with a provision in the same !j
words? The limitation is no stronger upon
Congress than upon the States. The Senator !
might deny that the power claimed is a dele- i
gated pov, or, but his admission estops him from
calling such a law an ex post facto law. But I ';
will discuss this subject no further. I refer to
it as a way or means of legally securing loval
go\ernmeuts, provided the present organiza- ''
tions in the seceding States be rejected by Con- :
gress. ' J |i
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Missouri ''
will pardon me one moment, I wish to ask the
Senator from Indiana a question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care about
being drawn into this debute.
Mr. CLARK. I do not wish to draw the
Senator from Indiana into the debate, but I
desire to put this question: whether, if a State
finds it is necessary for its own protection—not
for the punishment of rebels, but to guard itself,
and for its own protection—may it not exclude
these men from voting? Would that be an ex
post facto law ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not the ques-
tion that I was discussing with the Senator from
Missouri. I have no doubt of the entire con-
trol of the States over the question of the right
of suffrage, and it may be exercised according
to the pleasure of the State. The Senator from
Missouri is advocating now, as a punishment
upon the pardoned rebels, tile withdrawal of
the right and character of citizenship. As a
penalty, as a punishment, I do not think it eau
be imposed after the President has pardoned.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator assigns
me a position, the least defensible he can find,
and then makes his attack. I try to explain,
but he will not accept the explanation. I have
I not disputed, and for purposes of the argument
j I will not dispute, that the pardon of the Pres-
; ident relieves these parties of the penalties of
their crimes, provided the conditions of the
j pardon have been kept; but this is a separate
| and distinct question. I asked the Senator,
even had there been no rebellion, if it is within
the jurisdiction of Congress to pass an act de-
claring that any portion of the inhabitants of
the United States are no longer citizens- of the
United States? Is this a political power that
the body politic enjoy for their own protection
and for their own purposes ? That is the ques-
! tion. If the State of Indiana has the perfect
, right to enfranchise or disfranchise any portion
of its population, is it not within the jurisdic-
tion and competency of Congress to dec-hire
that certain parties are no longer citizens of
the United States, even if there never had been
any rebellion ?
The honorable Senator from Indiana, instead
of answering the question as put both by my-
self and by the Senator from New Hampshire,
refers with apparent pleasure to the fact that
the pardon having been exercised by the Presi-
dent, the rebels are made new men, that not
only penalties are removed, but privileges, if
ever lost, are fully restored. I am not disposed
to be technical in the premises, but if I were,
it strikes me that the conduct of the President
toward these organizations, since their estab-
lishment, furnishes strong evidence of the exist-
ence of afact at the time of granting the pardon
which would render it void. At the common
law, to render a pardon valid, it must express
with accuracy the crime intended to be lorgiven.
Hence, in the case of the United States vs.
Steller, decided in the United States circuit
court, at Philadelphia, the court sav that gen-
eral pardons are not granted by the" C'rowifbut
by Parliament, and that though our eonstitu-
tion may possibly confer the right, yet the riu'ht,
if it exists, has never been excreted. In that
case, the defendant had been indicted for -\ oun-
terfeiting and uttering counterfeit coin," and
there was a general verdict of guilty. In the
^certificate of pardon it wa.c- recited
that the defendant had been convicted of coun-
terfeiting, and thereupon a full aifduncond it ional
pardon was granted. The court ivlWd m ex-
tend the pardon beyond its express terms, and
hence the party was left subject to the disabili-
ties imposed by the conviction arid sentence.
Another principle necessarily resulting from
this was, that whenever it may be reasonably
supposed that the Kin<?, when he grants a par-
don. is not fully apprised of the hcinousm — or
wickedness of the crime, or that he has been
imposed upon by cono'-nlmesir. or faNo repre-
sentatioris of the party to be bem-fiird, the
pardon is void. But a more familiar principle
still is the one previously alluded to. that il a
pardon be granted on conditions and the con-
ditions be not complied with thu pardon is void.
