1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
which -we will appear and appeal to them
whether a rule of this kind setting aside a law
of the State is to override us and qualify this man
to hold his seat." That is the point, and it
only shows the lameness and the weakness of a
case which undertakes by an estoppel of that
kind to prevent a majority of the Legislature of
New Jersey from appearing here and contest-
ing this man's seat.
Mr. President, this debate runs in so narrow
and well-defined a channel that it is difficult to
say more. The main question is, did that res-
olution passed in the joint meeting have the
effect of overruling the law of the State? I
admit that a deliberative body may make laws
for the government of their proceedings; but,
as I said 3resterday, this is a law declaring what
shall be the result of the proceeding, not de-
claring how they shall proceed; and never, as
appears-from the records of that State, have
they attempted anything of the kind before.
They say that as early as 1852 a rule was passed
that a person to be elected should have a ma-
jority of all those elected to the Legislature.
Suppose that was done, and suppose a person
had had a majority of those present, but not a
majority of all those elected to the Legislature,
he might have come to this Senate for all that
and have contended that he was elected, and I
doubt whether the Senate would not have said
" You are elected." . But no action happened
under it because they never had an election
under it; it was not necessary to contest it. [f
that was a bad custom, you cannot plead it in
justification and in support of this bad custom
or this bad rule. Because they made rules
from time to time that were never questioned,
entirely different from this, it cannot be argued
that this rule is authorized. It depends upon
the rule itself, and what, is the effect of the rule,
and how far it goes, and whether it overturns
the law of the State and undertakes to put into
this Senate a man elected by a plurality and
not by a majority, when there was no law of
the State of New Jersey authorizing that to be
done.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is one view of this
"case that lias made some impression on my
mind that I have not heard distinctly brought
out in this discussion, and I beg to detain the
Senate for a very few minutes while I state it.
1 understood the Senator from New Jersey
a few moments ago, in reply to a question put
to him by the Senator from Maine, to admit
that if there had been a law of New Jersey
upon the statute-book requiring in this election
a majority, this convention could not have
elected by a plurality. My view is, that there
is a law on the statute-book of New Jersey vir-
tually requiring a majority to elect a Senator.
The law upon the statute-book of New Jersey
providing lor this joint convention for the elec-
tion of a Senator was passed in 1790, if I am
correctly informed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Seventeen hundred and
ninety-four.
Mr. CIIAGIN. The Senator says in 1794.
At that time, under the old constitution of New
Jersey, this provision was in that constitution:
"The Council and Assembly jointly, at their first
moetinst yearlv, shall clect by a majority of votes, a
Governor; and that judges, attorneys genera], treas-
urer and other officers shall be appointed by the
Council and General Assembly in the manner afore-
said."
That is by a majority vote. Then at the time
this law was passed, in 1794, there was a pro-
vision in the constitution of New Jersey re-
quiring a majority for the election by the Legis-
lature or by this convention of a Governor and
other officers named and other officers not
named. Therefore I say it is clear to my mind
that the Legislature, in 1794, when they passed
the law authorizing the convention to appoint
a Senator, without saying whether it should be
by a majoiity or otherwise, had in view this
constitutional provision which required a ma-
jority vote in this convention, and therefore it
was not necessary to specify in that law that
the Senator should be elected by & majority,
for the constitution provided that the elections
ia this joint convention should be by majorities.
This constitution continued in existence down
to 1845, and this law in relation to the election
of Senators has never been changed. There-
fore I say that in my judgment it was the clear
intention and purpose of the Legislature that
passed this law that the Senator should be ap-
pointed by a majority of the convention. That
is the point that I wished more particularly
to bring out.
I agree entirely with the arguments that have
been made, that in the absence of a law pro-
viding for an election by a 'plurality, the ma-
jority rule prevails in all cases. If the Senator
from New J ersey was right when he said that
if there had been a law upon the statute-book
requiring a majority this convention could not
have elected by a plurality, then I say that that
convention could not make such a rule. If it
could not repeal a law of the State, how has it
this whole subject under its control and the
right to say by what number of votes a man
shall be appointed Senator? If they could say
that he could be appointed by a plurality they
might just as well say that he might be selected
by lot, or by a committee appointed who should
designate a name and that individual be declared
elected. But, sir, I did not rise to make any
extended remarks.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say a word in
reply to the point made by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Ckagin.] He is mis-
taken in the fact upon which he founds the
whole of his argument. The present act regu-
lating the election of Senators in New Jersey
is not the act passed in 1790. It cannot possi-
bly be the same act, bccausc when the consti-
tution was changed, in 1846 I think, the very
names of the two bodies that constituted the
Legislature were changed. The old act com-
menced, "Be it enacted by the Council and
General Assembly of this State, and it is hereby
enacted accordingly." The act as you will find
it at present on our statute-book begins, "Be
it enacted by the Senate and General Assem-
bly." The word "Council" was changed by
the constitution.
Let me also refer to the argument the Senator
used in reference to the constitution. The old
constitution of New Jersey required that offi-
cers should be elected by what we used to call
a constitutional majority. That was a majority
of all elected, if I am right. At present, in
case the Governor is elected by the Legislature,
the present constitution requires a majority
vote; but in reference to all other officers, no
such vote is required ; nor is there any requisi-
tion in the constitution for any number. There-
fore the argument is directly the reverse of
what the gentleman suggests. The express
statement that in case of the election of a Gov-
ernor a majority vote is required, is an exclusion
that it was intended in any other case. I will
turn in a moment to the act of New Jersey; I
have our revised statutes here. I can say in
addition that our laws were all submited to cer-
tain gentlemen to arrange and codify, after the
new constitution was adopted, and all the acts
in this statute-book are laws revised and altered
under their direction. On page 547 of Nixon's
Digest we find this title:
"An act to prescribe the manner of appointing
Senators of the United States on the part of this State.
Kovision. Approved."
That is, it was approved by the Legislature
and made a law after being submitted for alter-
ation and after being altered, at least in the
way that T suggest, by changing the title. It
was approved April 10, 1845, after the change
of the constitution:
"Senators of the United States, on (he part of this
State shall be appointed by the Senate and General
Assembly of this State, in joint meeting assembled;
and in case ot vacancy," &c.
The position is taken that the Legislature
was to prescribe the rule for the joint meeting;
and failing to do so, the rule laid down to legis-
lative assemblies by parliamentary law was to
govern. I say that by that very parliamentary
law the joint meeting had the right to make any
reasonable rule for their government. The
position now taken practically is, that the Sen-
ate of the United States shall make the rules
by which the joint meeting of- the Legislature
ot New J ersey shall take the sense of that body.
The whole case is there. There are men, clear-
minded men and lawyers, who will review this
case hereafter; men whom fallacies cannot
blind; menwlio will not examine it in their
minds and in their judgments with any very
nice and hair-splitting technicality: men who
will honestly and firmly look upon the decision
of this Senate without any respect for party;
and they will seize that one point, that the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey is the
proper body to determine how it will take the
sense of the body, and not the Congress or the
Senate of the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish simply to read two
very short sections from the statutes of Cali-
fornia relating to the election of Senators and
providing for them, which I shall do for the
purpose of showing the interpretation of the
Legislature of that State of the provision of the
Federal Constitution providing for the election
of Senators of the United States. An act was
passed, April 14, 1805, prescribing the manner
of electing United States Senators. The third
section of that act reads thus:
"A majority of all tho votes given shall be neces-
sary to clcct a Senator."
That is the whole section.
The fourth section is as follows:
" The joint convention shall do no act, except to
adjourn, (luring the absence of a majority of all the
mcmbers-eleetof either the Senate or Assembly; and
tho withdrawal of such majority shall cause a disso-
lution of the joint convention."
This statute being the interpretation by that
State of the Constitution of the United States
relating to the election of Senators, I read it as
being in support, of the vote that I shall give on
this subject, ■agreeing also, as it does, with the
views well and clearly expressed by other Sen-
ators better, perhaps, than I should be able to
express them, and not being desirous of con-
suming any of the time of this body, but coming
to a vote.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to discuss this case in extenso. The report
of the Committee on the Judiciary is so clear
and convincing that any attempt to strengthen
it would be "gilding the gold and painting the
lily." I shall only reply to some of the argu-
ments made in the present debate.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stock-
ton] was elected by tho "Legislature 4of that
State in a joint meeting of both Houses of that
body, and so far there is nothing complained
of as irregular in the proceeding. But it is
said that he was not chosen by a majority of
that joint meeting, which is the question now
before the Senate. If he was so chosen his
right to his seat is indisputable; if not, lie is
not a Senator of the United States.
It may be premised that there is nothing in
either the constitution or laws of New Jersey
which prescribes the manner by which tho joint
meeting may manifest tho will of its majority,
whether by a direct vote on the main issue, or
by other and indirect methods of attaining tho
desired end.
Now, the joint meeting from the earliest pe-
riod had been in the habit of enacting rules for
its government, and upon this occasion it de-
clared, in the first plaeo, that it would require
a majority of all the members present to elect.
But before tho election was made that rule was
rescinded, and it was declared that the person
having a plurality of the votes cast should be
taken to be chosen. The first rule required
that the person elected should have more votes
than all the other candidates together; the
second, that he should have more votes than
any other candidate.
Now, it is objected that the joint meeting
could not adopt this latter rule, and the reason
urged is, that by means of it a less number
than a majority were enabled to elect; all of
which is said to be erroneous and fatal. But
this is more specious than sound; because it
takes only a part of the proceeding for the
whole and looks only to the final vote, instead
of looking to that vote in connection with the
lule adopted by the majority. It desires its
