532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31 *
to consider this bill* in connection with other
subjects.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw the bill for the present.
1"MARINE HOSPITALS AND KEVENTJE CUTTERS.
' Mr. WASHBUIiNE,ofIllinois, from the Com- -
nrittee on Commerce, reported back House bill
No. 184, to authorize the sale of marine hospi-
tals and of revenue cutters.
The-bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to lease or sell at public auction, to the
highest and best bidder, for cash, after due no-
tice in the public newspapers, such marine hos-
pitals and lands appertaining thereto as he may
deem advisable 5 and it empowers him to make,
execute, and deliver all needful conveyances to
thelessees and purchasers thereof respectively,
and appropriate the proceeds of said leases and
sales for the marine hospital establishment.
The second section of the bill authorizes the
Secretary of' the Treasury, in his discretion, to
sell to the highest and best bidder for cash,
after due notice, such revenue cutters as he
shall find to be ill-adapted to the purposes of
the rc\ enue service, and to expend the proceeds
of such sales in the purchase or construction of
other vessels better suited to the wants of said
service,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Commerce to
offer the following proviso to the first section
of the bill ;
Provided, That bo 011c of the marine hospitals shall
be exposed to sale or lease whero the relief furnished
to sick mariners shall show an extent of relief equal
to twenty eases per diem on an avciage lor Hie last
I>reeeding {bur years ; or where no other suitable and
sufficient hospital accommodation can bo procured
upon reasonable tei ms ior the comfort and conve-
nience of the patients.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. I have a
communication here to the Secretary of the
Treasury, which I ask to have published in the
Globe for future reference.
No objection was made.
The communication is as follows:
TrkvSUHY DmMurMKKT, Jan wry 22, 18G6.
Sir: I have the honorto acknowledge the receipt of
a let tor from the Com mil tee on Commerce oft lie llou-.e
of Representatives to the Secretary of the Tieasurv,
request mg a copy of my report relative to (he marine
hospitals visited last year under instructions from tiie
Department. I
As my report on my return was oral and not re- !
quired to be made in writing, a litcial compliance j
with (he request of the eommillee is imprnciieablo; 1
but I will, by reference to my notes, endeavor <0 pi e- J
Bent a narrative oi my \isit ol inspection, with the 1
result of jay observations. j
The marine hospital fund has for many years been ■
insufficient ior the .support of those entitled to its ben- J
clUs,.and large appiopiiations have been annually |
required from Commas to supply the inadequate tax-
levied on tho sailors' wages: and the Secretary of the |
Treasuiyhas been desirous lo devise some plan by j
which thi«triv«t iund might be expended withgrcnter 1
efficiency and humility. 1
Ijvvas thoieforo instructed, under date of Augu.-d 1. j
ISO"), by flic honorable Seeictaiy of the Tieasurv fo !
vi-ui, and inspect the marine hospitals of the tinted j
States, c>cecf>l those on the Pacific coaM, and to le- I
poll their condition, particularly as to the locality, ;
.site, ami scope of nccoiiniioiliili'di: to do,donate the '
ports where hospitals could bo advantagcouslv dis-
continued, and the places where hospital relici could
bo bettei admini'-toi cd by pi ivate contiaet; to ascer-
tain the number of sick seamen iclieved at the re-
spective ports during: the past year,with the average
cost of each patient, and to prescntastatomentsbow-
ing the difference of cost between relief administered
under private contract and in a hospital proper.
In conformity with these mstiuetions, I yet out. on
the 8th of August to \ isit, in the older speciticd, tne
following hospitals; OheNea, Massnehuseits; Port-
land. Maine: Burlington, Vermont; Cleveland, Ohio;
1 ittsburg, Pennsylvania : Detroit, Michigan: Chi-
cago, Illinois-; Galena, Illinois; Burlington, Iowa;
St. Louis, Missouri; Cincinnati. Ohio: Louisville,
Kentucky; Evansville,Indiana:Padncah,Kentucky:
enn AiIm.u.,,... "V;. . v.,t
• u iV V i ivijinj,;nauaiii.i; i eusaeoin,, J'ior-
Marks. Florida; Charleston, South Carolina;
vV a^hington, Jsorth Carolina; Ocraookc, North Caro-
lina; and Norfolk, Virginia; in all twenty-seven
marine hospitals.
Chelsea, This hospital is located at
Cnei.-sca, near Loston, on a-n elevated site, and can
accommodate atone time about one hundred and fifty
patient*, ihe wards are clean and finely ventilated
an.lthp house was m perioct order. The lot on « Iiieh
it ).- bailt eompusert about ten acres, on which are
raised nil the vegetables nsed in the house. Durin?
tnejyear onuingJune30,lS(>t>1 sevenlxundred and eiglxtv
patients had been under treatment in tho hospital,
two hundred and fifty-six of whom were seamen of
the United States Navy, whose expenses were paid by
the Navy Dcyartment.
There is a large tract of land in Chelsea occupied by
the old marine hospital. It comprises about seven
acres,embracing about one hundred and fifty thousand
square feet of city lots, twenty-five in number. The
corporation clerk kindly furnished me with a sched-
ule of these lots, which, at an estimate of twenty-
five cents a foot, would produce about thirty-seven
thousand dollars, There is, besides these, the lot on
which the old hospital stands, now occupied as a
public school, containing about forty-four thousand
square feet, which, at an estimate of thirty cents a
foot, would produce about sixteen thousand dollars.
The building is valued, for public sale, at about three
thousand dollars. A wharf lot, also included in same
property, contains about one hundred thousand squaie
feet, and is valued at about thirty thousand dollars.
I respectfully suggest that this property be sold.
The lot on which the marine hospital now in use
stands is valued at £l>00,000. Thcic arc not sufficient
accommodations at Boston for the number of sailors
requiring relief at that port, and I respectfully sug-
gest that the marine hospital at Chclseabe continued
and sustained by Government. Some repairs are
needed, which may require an expenditure of about
three thousand dollars.
Pmtland, Mniai\—This marine hospital is located
011 hiuli gronn,d sinionnded by the flats of the Pre-
suinpscott river, computing about eleven acres. The
physician informed me, that these Hats exhale no
morbific atmosphere, and that the patients are never
attacked by fevers caused by malaria. Tho hospital
can accommodate about sixty patients. Daring the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, eighty-three sick
sailors were admitted to the hospital. The past year,
however, is no fair criterion of the usual Dumber of
patients. The piracies durmg the late rebellion dis-
eomaged commeiec, and the number of sailors was
much less than in foimer years. All the wards of tho
hospital will be needed hereafter. There is 110 pri-
\ ate hospital at Portland, and were this hospital dis-
continued, there would be 110 refuge to siek stiilois
but 1 he alms-house. The interests of commerce,
therelorc, require the continuance of this maiine
ho-qiit ,i,l by thcGovcinim nt. 11 is kept in line oulei.
Jhirhui/fon, W'rn/oiit. — This marine hospital occu-
pies a lot ten acres 111 extent, about two nnies south
ol the cit>. 11 is well built, but it has never been reg-
ularly ordain/-mI. _ It is under charge of the < ollec! or
ol thepoit. During the late rebellion Uwastinns-
feired to the War Department for use as a militaiy
hospital. The building is in {.rood 1 epaii, and has been
since restored to the Treastu y w 11 h substantial frame
buildings, about two thousand feet in extent, ei ected
by the War Depaituieuf. Duringthe fiscal year only
h>m teen sick sailois weie admitted to tho'hospital.
The buihhm; is a meie expense to tho Government,
and X lespectiulty suggest that it be sold.
(Ucp<J<m<l, Ohio.— This maiine hospital is built
within the, corporation limits, on a lot containing
about eight acre;; and its site is about eighty feet
abo\ethe lake. It is very much out ot repair, and
requires considora!>!<•_ outlay to 1 ender it a iomb>rta-
blc habitation. Dating t he liscal year ending June
■ >D, lS(u, two bundled and thirty pntienls were ad-
mitted at, an expense ut SV>-I. A lar.ro hospital is
m pioeess of ejection at that po«t, wiih ample ca-
pacity tor marine-.; and it is lospectluiiy suggested
thai Uie marine hospital could be advantageously dis-
continued, and the pt opei ty sold.
['itlshtn-'i, f'i ints'/fruuiii.—This marine hospital is lo-
caredaboui three miles \\ est of th eci; y on .1 lot contain-
ing (en_.il res._ I i can aeconunoda t e a bout one hundred
and lifty patients. _ Duiing the ii>cal year of 18G4-(>5
one hundred 11 nd fifteen sick sailors were admit!ed.
The site is low and rltogether unsuitable for hospital
purposes. Largo rolling-mill:-, and furnace* have been
elected on the lots contnmoijs wiih each side, and the
an is ill led u ith smoke andeoal du^-t and noise. Ample
pr>\ ale accommodations ;ue available 111 t he cilv for
sick sailors, and a sale of the marine hospital piop-
crty < ould be .ivlvnhi'U'on^!v made. I therefore it-
speel fully suggest that ffn-' maune hospital lie dis-
continued a nd the propel ty sold.
D< trnit, _ II,in.—Thi.-1 mat me hospital i< loent ed
lie.n I he e:ly on a lotumtainni'i about four aei es. The
buildm? t .111 .u-coirinioda tc about one iiimdicil pa-
tienls. During the tK'-al veai ol iSoi-") two hundred
and Jjlty-nine sick seamen were admitted.
ThN port is the thoi_oughla_re on tlic route of the
great lake trade, and is readily accessible to almost
eveiy sailor employed therein. There ate no private
hospitals in .Detroit affording accommodations suffi-
cient foi thesaiLois. The marine hospital is in ad-
mirable order, and the expenditures arc frugally
made. The building needs eonsidernble repair and
impiovcment. 1 ic-pectfully suggest that this hos-
pital be continued.
—Thi? mir in c hospital having been
sold, no_ particular repoit need be submitted. The
trade oft hic.tno is \ ery great, and a lunre number ot
sailors vi^it the port Duvmgthc tiscal > ear of ISii 1-5
fi\e Imndred and twenty-seven sick sailors were ad-
mitted. There are no piivate hospitals at Chicago
a (lording accommodation for the number of seamen
reiiuiiing relief. Sonic provision must, of course, l^e
made for these benefitiaries after the building now
occupied shall have been transferred to the purchaser.
futbna, J/Hnoii.—Tlii« marine hospital is located on
high ground, containing about thirteen acres, about
one mile southwest of the city. There are accommo-
dations for about thiity patients, but there were no
patients at all a,f the time of my visit. The trade at
that port is so limited that few applications for hospi-
tal relief are made. Months elapse without an ad-
mission being sought. 1 rcspaetfully3u<rgest the dis-
continuance of this hospital and sale of the property.
Lurfingion, Iowa.—This marine hospital is located
about a mile south of the city on high ground con- i
taining about eleven acres. The accommodations are
not sufficient for more than ten paticnK No appli-
cation for relief has been made during fiscal year of
186i-o, and it does not seem piobable that it would
ever be required for a hospital. The lot extends to
the waters of the Mississippi, and might produce at
public sale &5,0U0. The building needs repair. I re-'
spectfully suggest that this, and this property be&old.
St.Louis, Missouri.—This marine hospital is iocated,
near the city on a lot containing about sixty acres.'
There arc accommodations for about fifty patients,
but no sick sailors have been admitted during tho
fiscal year 1864-65, as it was transferred early in the
rebellion to the War Department, and is now used as
a military hospital. There are ample pi-o visions in the
private hospitals at St. Louis for the care of sick sea-
men, and the marine hospital could be advantage-'
onsly sold. I therefore respectfully suggest the sale
thereof.
Cincinnati, Ohio.—This marine hospital is located
on the corner of Sixth and Lock streets, in the city of
Cincinnati. The building can accommodate about
eighty patients. No sick sailor has been admitted
during the past fiscal year, as it is now in charge of the
War Department, to which it was transferred diuing
the rebellion for a military hospital. The lot is sur-
1 ounded by factories, and is unfit tor a hospital, Ample
proMsion could be made ior sick seamen by private
hospitals, and 1 respectfully suggest that this maiine
hospital property be sold.
Louisville, K<'utu(-kt/.~Th\* marine hospital is lo-
cated about tw o miles from the city on a lot contain-
ing about nine acres. _ It needs an expenditure of at
least ^20,0u() to render it a, salubrious habitation. No
patient has been admitted duung the past fiscal year.
The private hospitals 111 the city aic amph suflk ient
for the caic of sick seamen at that port. I therefore
respectfully suggest that this marine hospital besold.
Eoanwille, Indiana.—■'This marine hospital is located
near the city on a lot about three acres in extent. It
might accommodate fifty patients. It is not under
regular organization, but a contractor is permitted to
occupy the building and receive sick seamen therein
at a weekly cost of ^ 90. There were eighteen sail-
ors under treatment there at the time of my visit.
The building is in bad condition, and the river is
gradually but surely encroaching on the foundations.
It has been estimated by competent emunecrs that
an expenditure ot >W,0UU would bo necessary to res-
c uc the site. I icspeUfuIly siurge&t that this marine
hospital he sold.
l'<i>h<c<<h, Krntuchv.—This marine hosnital was de-
molished during the rebellion and 1 was unable to
trace its foundations. The lot, about four acnes in
extent, might, however, be sold, for it is not probable
that another marine hospital will ever be erected
thereon.
From Padueah T set out for Napoleon and the re-
maining ports named in my nisti uctions, but when I
reached Memphis the surveyor ot the cu.-loms handed
me a telegram and a letter from the Seci c taiy ol the
'Treasury, recalling me to my desk at Washington.
Jlad 1 continued my tour of inspection. 1 could not
have ictuined to the discluuge ol my euirent duties
under three months—too long a period ofabsenee. I
have for several years administered, under the orders
<){ the Secretary of the Treasury, tho a flair* ot the
marine hospitals oi the United States, and my expe-
rience, together with m\ obsen ations on my late vf-it,
has led me to the com l usion that tho system of relief
is itself defective, and its le^ouices altogether inad-
equate to meet the demands upon the fund.
The sailors of tho mei(antiie nun tee have, in tho
first place, 110 claim on the aoneia! Treasury. The
workmen in anv other brant h of business ai e as much
entitled to such relief as marines. Hut cmtom has
so long conceded this privilege to this elas^ol c ni/.eus,
that any attempt to inquire into its expediency would
be. a,t least in the present instance, uncalled for.
it is, howcAcr, within the power ot Congress to cn-
laige the resources ol the marine hospital iund.
The act of July 1( , 1708, proMtlcd that this fund
should be formed out of geneial donations ami lioni
a tax of iwentv cents a month out of the wages of
seanu n. At t hat 11111 e, the 1 a te of inonthh w.ure-" sel-
dom exceeded (en dollais. Since then the expansion
of mil commercial relations has iucreascnl the demand
for labor, and the ratio oi watres has been soad\ a need
that twenty - live or thirty dollais a month has bccomo
the minimum conpensation.
The customs' officers have unanimously pressed this
point 011 my attention, and none of them susrae-ted
less than a monthly contribution of fifty cents hom
every seaman. The income from such a tn\would bo
amply sufficient to defray all the expenses of hospital
relief.
The discontinuance and sale of unnecessary build-
ings and property would relieve this tiust iund irom
serious embarrassment. Many of the-e buildings have
been for years unused, and the unplovment of stew-
ards and watdunen to take care of them has served
still more to deplete the fund. The Department has
ascertained that relief can lie administered more fiu-
gaJy nil(1 efficiently bv contract with private or mu-
nicipal institutions. At the sea-ports of New York,
Philadelphia, Lalumore, and New Oilcans, siek and
di-'abled seamen are provided tbr by private contract
at a less cost than would attend a regular hospital
organization underthe(4overnmcnt. Tticse contracts
continue in force only for a regular fiscal year; so that
an annual renewal to the lowest bidder secures each
party irom injustice or extortion.
There is 110 reason why the contract system should
not be generally adopted for the administiation of
hospital relief. At almost every port there are ample
facilities for obtaining proper accommodations for
sick and disabled seamen at piivate eleemosynary
institutions.
All which is respectfully submitted bvyour obedient
servant, g. YORKE AT LEfi.
lion. Huge McCulloch, Secretary of the Trcomry.
