116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^February 14,
Senate.
Apportionment of Represent cifdon—Mr. Henderson.
39th Gong.. ..1st Sess.
sectional or selfish considerations in the settle-
ment of the great questions now before us.
Absolute justice seemed to be stamped on the
face of the measure, and Representatives were
ready to accept it, as they would accept a
demonstration of Euclid. It was fair, would
apply to all the States alike, and'its great merit
was that it securod beyond doubt the great end
desired—negro suffrage in the southern States.
The political penalty attached to its denial was
too heavy to be borne. Just at this moment a
young and talented Representative from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] thought he would examine the
figures, (they never deceive.) He betook him-
self to the census, and found the proposition
would not do. It suddenly became unjust.
Why unjust? Because, if adopted, the eastern
and Atlantic States would lose power compara-
tively with the West. The active and enter-
prising. but poor young men of those States are
in the habit of emigrating West. The women
arc left, but the men seek their fortunes in larger
fields of adventure.
He discovered that in 1860 the entire popu-
lation of California was 379,994, and that out
of that number, 278,337 were males and only
10(3,657 were females. He discovered, also,
that Illinois had 898,941 white males and only
8U-5,350 females, an excess of 93,591, enough
to give Illinois an additional member of Con-
gress under the contemplated rule. He dis-
covered also that Louisiana had an excess of
males over females of 22,000, Kansas 11,000,
Iowa S4,000, Indiana 48:,000, Missouri 63,000,
and other western and southwestern Stales in
like proportion, while Connecticut, New Hamp-
shire, New York, Rhode Island, Massachusetts,
and the Atlantic States generally have a large
excess of females over males. Hence while
this rale might coercc the southern States to
adopt negro suffrage, it would at the same time
weaken the representative power of the East;
in other words, while it might coerce the South
to admit negro suffrage, it might drive the North
and the East to woman suffrage, for which they
were not prepared. The very moment Mr.
Bj.aixi: made some figures on this subject and
laid them before the House of Representatives,
thai proposition was dead forever. Perhaps it
ought to have died. But if so, it should have
died of another reason. You cannot enfran-
chise everybody in the States, and it may be
asked with great power, why should not the
civil, instead of the political society, be repre-
sented in Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. What was the date of that
speech ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Sometime in the early
part of January, the precise date I do not1 re-
member. The figures I use are taken from the
census, ami I may notstate the objections just as
Mr. stated them. I do substantially, for J
happened to hear his remarks against the meas-
ure which had the approbation of many west-
ern members, and which yet is thought by them
to be the be-t. The real objection to it in my
mind consists in cheapening the franchise to
obtain political power.
As 1 huve said, however, the proposition died
so soon as it was found that the East was to
lose by it. I do not blame these Eastern gen-
tlemen. They want the privilege to exclude
their women and minors from the suffrage, yet
they want them counted in the basis of repre-
sentation in the Federal Government. At least,
they objeet to any penalty being imposed on
them fortheir exclusion. But I hasten on. Some-
thing was to be done. The negro must be en-
franchised, but the difficulty consisted in choos-
ing words that would place the penalty for
denying suffrage on the South, and yet let the
North and East deny it with impunity. The
next difficulty was to select words, that would
act as a penalty on the South, without incur-
ring the prejudice against negro suffrage in the
North and Ea,st. Mr. Blake finally obtained
the happy words, and these happy words are
now embodied in the proposition of the com-
mittee, which I have read. _
The first inquiry of the country will be, what
object is contemplated by this amendment?
What is to be effected? After six or seven
thousand million dollars have been expended,
after mourning has been brought to almost
every house in the land, after blood- enough has
been spilled to floatour heaviest monitors, after
the deepest interest has fixed itself in the pub-
lic heart and intense anxiety is depicted on
every face, it is simply contemptible to trifle
with the sad earnestness of an intelligent peo-
ple by the use of ambiguous language. They
have a right to know our meaning, the purport
of our measures, and they will be satisfied with
nothing less. This resolution isnow before us,
and many earnest Union men think it must be
adopted—that its defeat will be attended with
great danger to the best interests of the coun-
try. Hence, many will not stop to inquire what
results may flow from it. I read it again ;
Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States which may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State, ex-
cluding indiansnottaxed: Provided, That whenever
the elective franchise shall be denied or abridged in
any State on account of race or color, all persons
therein of such raoe or color shall be excluded from
the basis of representation.
It-will be observed that after the word " Rep-
resentatives," the first word in the resolution,
the committee have seen fit to drop'the three
words which follow in the text of the Consti-
tution as it now stands, to wit, "and direct
taxes." St) if the amendment should pass,
representation may be fixed on one basis and
direct taxation on another. So jealous were
our forefathers on this subject that they never
thought for a moment of separating taxation
and representation. In their judgment, such
separation was tyranny. It was so declared
throughout the revolutionary struggle, and at
the time of the adoption of the Constitution a
proposition like this, under which, a people
paving full taxes, should have but half repre-
sentation, would have received no favor what-
ever. A direct tax would operate harshly
against my State. It is a tax levied in pro-
portion to the numbers of the people. The
people in the newly settled States are gener-
ally poor, and a tax on each person of an equal
amount may be paid easily by the rich men of
the old settled States, while it would drive to
poverty the people of the new. If the rich
States of the Atlantic sea-board, now having
the power in consequence of the wicked ab-
sence and rebellion of the South, should be
able to adopt a basis of representation under
which they could pay the public debt by direct
taxation, the West and South might be impov-
erished. while the people of New England and
the middle States would grow yet richer.
I shall watch rebel influence and keep it out
of the councils of the nation. The North will
be forced to join me in this, but in foolish fear
of rebel influence I will not consent to run into
this danger. My State is as much interested in
this proposition, as the East is iu having their
women and minors represented in Congress.
The loyal men of the South, robbed of their
substance by rebel tyranny, will join Missouri
loyalists in having this great debt paid, as far
as possible, from the wealth of the country, and
not wrung almost entirely from the sweat of
poor men. The poor men go from the East to the
West. The rich stay where they can enjoy the
comforts of an older civilization. I see no reason
to run iu base fear from anti-negro aristocratic
rebel influence into the hands of a moneyed
aristocracy. But whence comes this eternal
specter of rebel power, in Congiess, to frighten
us from all propriety ? I thought we had deter-
mined to reject all rebel organizations in the
southern States, and to tolerate and recognize
none but loyal Governments. If we do SO,
where is this rebel specter? It is, like many
other ghosts, used for a purpose. I am not
afraid of such ghosts. The people of this coun-
try will never sufl'or any but loyal men to gov-
ern these southern States, and the sooner, the
disloyal there know it, the better for them. I
know they may give us trouble, and a great
deal of it. But the loyal men will possess the
country at all times. If I am right, then, this
proposition is not so efficient, as a means of
weakening rebel influences, as to place, in the
hands of the more wealthy States the power, to
tax unjustly the loyal and disloyal white and
black of the poorer States South and West. I
acquit gentlemen, of course, of any such inten-
tion, but such may be the result.
The answer comes back to me, all this may be
avoided by the simple act of justice to be per-
formed by the States, the enfranchisement of
the blacks. Well, is it right to enfranchise
them? Do you say so? You do not so de-
clare, but you expressly declare the right to
disfranchise. You admit that a good reason
may exist for the disfranchisement, and invite
it by implication. Suppose the white southern
landlords agree to accept your proposition.
Suppose that they take diminished representa-
tion and unjust taxes by Congress, both upon
themselves and the negroes, in lieu of the right
which you propose to give them, the right to
deny the negro representation in the State or-
ganizations and the privilege to fleece him from
year to year of his hard earnings by unjust State
laws? Has Missourino interest in this bargain?
Remember, if the negro is represented in Con-
gress, his interest is the same as that of my con-
stituents. Our forefathers gave him a three-
fifths representation as a slave, and a full rep-
resentation when free. Thisproposition offers
a bargain by which the southern white may rob
the negro, provided he, for himselfand the negro,
will consent to be robbed at the discretion of
others. Massachusetts and South Carolina
made a bargain once before—I mean the bar-
gain by which piracy was legalized and man
stealing carried on by law until America was
filled with slaves. Other people suffered by
this thing. My State and others are likely to
suffer by this new compact, and I think it best
to have nothing to do with it.
But I have said the people will ask what
this amendment means. It can mean but one
of two things. First, it is intended to deny
representation to a non-voting population ; or,
second, it is intended to secure suffrage to the
negro.
If the committee intend to secure the first
object, it must be because of the existence of a
correct, living, vital principle in our Govern-
ment, that anon-voting population in one of the
States ought not to be represented in the Federal
Government. If this be the design, I should
like to ask on what principle the women, mi-
nors, and aliens are to be retained in the Ij.ims
of representation ? If any principle be involved,
these, too. must be excluded from the enumera-
tion in each State because thev do not vote. 1 f
it be said that no principle is involved, but that
it is a mere matter of temporary expediency. I
answer that I will never give my sanction to a
constitutional provision oil any such con >id"r-
ations. If there be no principle involved, then
the amendment should not be made, lint-
whence comes this idea, I have nlreadj a^Led.
that a non-voting free population shall not be
represented in Congress? Every tradition of
our fathers; every utterance by those who
builded our institutions; every principle on
which they are founded, utterly reject ami con-
demn the idea as false and misehio-, ous, Our
fathers left the suffrage with the States. Suf-
frage at that day vus much inure limited than
ituowis. In some States onlj freeholders voted;
in some the head,-, of families; in all a properly
qualification was necessai) ; in some the free
negroes vofed, in others 'they did not. Mr.
Madison said :
"The definition of the right of suffracc if- very justly
regarded as a fundamental article of republican gov-
ernment."
