534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
ingenious plan to evade the law: the vessel is
grounded at some obscure place along the coast,
aud is then advertised as a wrecked vessel in
some obscure newspaper; the owner buys her
in at a nominal price, purchases sails, anchors,
and rigging, amounting to more than three times
the price paid for the vessel, thus making the
repairs amount to more than three fourths of
the value of the vessel. After obtaining an
American register these sails, anchors, and rig-
ging are sold. More than twenty vessels have
come hack by thus evading this law. Others
have come back under an opinion of the Soli-
citor of the Treasury that vessels owned by
Americans who took up a temporary residence
in a: foreign country during the war, and sailed
during this time under a foreign flag and foreign
register, were not divested of their American
character. I think quite a number of vessels
came back under this decision; but on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury having his attention
called to the subject. 1 believe he does not favor
this construction of the law. I think it is agreed
that an American vessel has a national charac-
ter which does not depend wholly upon owner-
ship.
Now, the question arises, whether it is right
to allow vessels I o come back in this way by an
evasion of the spirit of the laws; whether it is
just to those owners of vessels who have refused
to desert the flag of their country in her hour of
peril? It is a cowardly argument to offer in
behalf of these ship-owners, to say the country
could not protect them. On the same princi-
ple the whole population might leave with their
property and place themselves under foreign
protection. It is for the people to protect the
country in time of war; they are part of the
country, and ought not to desert her when in
danger. It would certainly be dangerous policy
for a nation to offer inducements for its citizens
to desert with their property and identify their
interests with its enemies in time of war.
Let me for a moment call the attention of
members of this House to the position of these
American ship-owners while their vessels en-
joyed the protection of a foreign nation during
the rebellion. Their interests were not only
alienated from their own country, but were
identified with foreign ship-owners, whose in! cr-
ests were promoted by a destruction of Ameri-
can commerce, livery American ship-owner
whose vessel sailed under the flag of England
during the rebellion had precisely the same
pecuniary interest in the destruction of Amer-
ican commerce as had the English ship-owner.
Now, iaitpolicy for the Government to allow,
to encourage her citizens to desert, her during
war. atid then to return with the return of peace
and have the same advantages as those who
have suffered liv standing by her? I trust we
shall not so decide.
Mr. KASSON. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man a question. What amount of tonnage will
be affected bv this proposition?
Mr. LYNCH. I cannot tell (he gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of the gentleman I will answer that
question. The Secretary of the Treasury has
addi essed a letter to the Committee on Com-
merce, in which he says that eight hundred thou-
sand tons of our shipping have been transfeired
for that purpose.
Mr. KASSON. May I then ask of either of
the gentlemen this question? It is known that
in the Danish war the commerce of the free cities
of Germany sought a like protection. It is cus-
tomary in all wars that private property on the
seas shall protect itself in the best way it can
where convoy is not furnished. Now, I wish to
ask, what will be the effect of this upon the res-
toration of the^amount of American shipping in
foreign countries? And what will be the prac-
tical effect upon the commerce of the ocean now
afloat if this is not adopted? It seems to be a
practical question as to whether its adoption or
rejection will best promote the prosperity of the
commerce of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amount
of foreign tonnage, is about five millions; eight
hundred thousand has been transferred.
Mr. LYNCH. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce is a little mistaken in
his statement; or rather his statement would
seem to convey a wrong impression. Bight
hundred thousand tons of shipping I under-
stand to be the whole amount that has been de-
stroyed, sold, and transferred by these bogus
transfers.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no ;
eight hundred thousand has been transferred.
The Secretary of the Treasury recommends dis-
tinctly the passage of this law. He believes
that these men, after having transferred their
ships in that way, and received the benefit of
it, have no right to come back now and claim
to come on the same footing with ethers.
Mr. LYNCH. I understand now from the
gentleman from Illinois that eight hundred thou-
sand tons have been transferred. But the gen-
tleman will bear in mind that probably three
fourths or seven eighths of those transfers were
bona jide. A great many merchants found,
when exchange was very high, that it was to
their advantage to sell their shipping to for-
eigners. To that no one objects. Only a small
percentage, perhaps, has passed under a for-
eign flag.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In this
conncction, to show the extent of this thing
and the means supposed to be necessary in or-
der to get it through .Congress, 1 will ask the
Clerk to read the following confidential circular
which has been sent to me.
The Clerk read the circular, as follows:
Boston, Novembwl, 18G5.
Snt: Having been advised thatyou have the control
of an American-built vessel, which has been tinna-
ferrcd to a foiei^n ihijr, wo take this method of in-
forming you that we propose to endeavor to procure
the passage uf an aotot Con^rcx-. re^toiing such ves-
sels lo I he ilarr oi the United States, and authorizing
their resist) ation as vessels of the United State?. As
the necessaiy preliminaries will involve quite an ex-
penditure of time and money, wo desire to be secured
against loss by those pecuniarily interested, and pro-
pose that a small amount (say ten cents per ton as by
present legist or) be paid in advance by each party de-
sirous of the passage of such an act. We have taken
steps to interest all parties in the United States hav-
ing vessels m the above condition, and think our
facilities for seeming the parage of this act arc such
as will insure success. Mr. J.W. II annum, ship broker,
No. 3 Commercial street, has the necessary paper
for M',pnatiu c, and i^ authorized to receive the above-
named subscription, to enable us to commence un-
derslandingly; and if eoiiMdeied favorably by you,
we rcspeellnlly Miggcst that you call upon him at
your earliest convenience, as it is necessary that im-
mediate action should be taken.
Very respectfully, hi., R g. g. ANDROS,
1^7 State Street.
J. P. TUCKEll,
Laic Surveyor Port of Nc\o Orleans.
P. S. For reasons which will be obvious to you, wo
request that you will regard this circular as confi-
dential.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire now to call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman give
me live minutes?
Mr. ELIOT. I would inquire of thcSpcaker
when the morning hour will expire.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
expire twenty-eight minutes after one o'clock.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield.
Mr. SPALDING. If 1 had the honor, Mr.
Speaker, to represent the State of Maine, as
my learned friends do who have spoken on
this question, 1 have no doubt 1 should be on
the same side as they, because for a longer pe-
riod of time than has passed over my head the
ship-building int 'rest of Maine has been pro-
tected by our registry laws. I hold that our ship-
builders now can without this protection com-
pete with those of any portion of the globe.
There is no doubt about that. On the second
day of the present session I introduced a bill to
change our registry law to enable every bona
fide American owner of a ship to obtain a regis-
ter under our laws, subject to the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury. That bill is
now in the hands of the committee; but I un-
derstand that it is to be given the go-by, and that
our registry laws are to be preserved, as they
have been for years to come, for the benefit of
the ship-builders of Maine.
Now, sir, I commend the gentlemen fortheir
industry in protecting their important interest.
But.I am the Representative of a section of
the country which is engaged in commerce—
inland commerce, if you please—but never-
theless an extensive interest, and one that is
growing every day and every hour. And I
am applied to every day by individual owners
of vessels to have a law passed to give them
the right to register vessels that have been bought
from the Canadians. But they cannot have
that privilege. On the contrary, if any of my
constituents engaged in foreign commerce see
fit to obtain a license of the British authorities,
(which I hope none of them will be obliged to
do,) for the purpose of running their vessels ill
the neighborhood of a piratical flag, they are
now to be put under the ban. Why ? I have yet
to learn that lesson in ethics which makes it ne-
cessary to punish these men for resorting to this
course for the purpose of protecting their prop-
erty. Is there anything wrong in it? Is there
anything unpatriotic in it.? Because some por-
tion of our citizens, unfortunately, I am sorry for
it, have been cofnpclled to make sacrifices of
their ships fired upon the ocean bjr a piratical
flag, ought we to have others of our citizens
subjected to inconvenience, because they re-
sorted to another mode to save their ships from
the same disaster? What sort of morality calls
for that ?
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow me?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has but
one minute more to speak.
Mr. SPALDING. I appeal to the Commit-
tee on Commerce to let this bill, which is of so
much importance, be printed, and that a day be
set apart when we can examine it and have a
vote on it understandingly. That is all I ask.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to yield to me lor one moment. I
want to say a word or two.
Mr. ELIOT. I wiil yield three minutes to
my friend from Maine.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spauhxg] has taken the remarkable position
that American ships are by our registry laws
largely protected in their business. 1 will ask
him to tell me in what particular a ship of a
thousand tons in the port of New York has any
advantage over foreign ships save on voyages
to California and coastwise, which, as we know,
arc of no sort of consequence to ships of that
magnitude. In no other particular has she any
advantage in the rate of freights, of insurance,
or in any conceivable particular there or in any
foreign port on this globe. Now, then, having
no advantage whatever in these particulars, I
say to him this, that in the Pro\ince of New
Brunswick, and New Brunswick is but a dupli-
cate of Canada, ships can be built to-day for
forty dollars a ton that cost in the United States
in our currency $100 a ton. I have from an
accurate ship-builder a statement which 1 pro-
pose to exhibit to the House at the proper time
of the amount of duties paid in gold upon the
materials that enter into the construction of
vessels, and on a seven hundred and fifty ton
ship built last year there was paid I he sum of
So,000 in gold for duties on materials to go into
the construction of that ship. Now, every gen-
tleman who knows anything about the cost of
the construction of a ship of that magnitude
knows that that simple item is sufficient, if con-
tinued, to transfer ship-building fium the State
of Maine or any other State in this Union to
the British Provinces, where ship-builders es-
cape all such duties.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's throe
minutes have expired.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for five minutes ?
Mr, PIKE. Three minutes is a very short
time in which to discuss the shipping interests
of the country.
Mr. ELIOT. I must ask the previous ques-
tion on the bill. If the House desires further
discussion upon it, I have no objection to their
voting it down.
Mr. GARFIELD._ I hope the House will
vote down the previous question. The West
desires to be heard upon this question.
