118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
himself and family, has no interest in preventing
this war, simply because he has no ballot?
What differenee does that make to us? The
women of New England wlio did not vote de-
nounced the war of 1812, and rightly held their
places, in the basftof congressional representa-
tion, to force an early peace after an unprofit-
able and unavailing war. The women and men
of New England denounced the war of 1846
with Mexico. Had the women and minors been
excluded from the basis of their representation,
and war then declared against the voice of New
England voters, another war than the Mexican
war might have come. In such event, who would
have said that the women and minors had no
interest in the matter and therefore no right
to complain, because they could not vote in their
respective States?
1 might continue this course of remark, but I
dismiss it and look for a moment to the popu-
lation South and some of the effects to be pro-
duced.
If these States shall deny the suffrage, then
by this rule you exclude from representation,
in the single State of Virginia, 548,907 human
beings, largely more than the white population
of Kansas, Delaware, Minnesota, Oregon, and
Florida, under the census of 1860. Think of
it, Mr. President. These five States are enti-
tled to six Representatives and ten Senators in
Congress, with a white population of 499,117,
which is 49,790 less than the negro population
of the single State of Virginia. You have six
Senators and ten Representatives in Congress,
representing a white population in these States
less than the negro population of the single
State of Virginia. Do your excise laws not
reach these negroes? Do not your tariff laws
reach them? Will they not have to buy im-
ported goods, and pay like others your excise
and income taxes? I am answered, "If the
States want justice done to the negroes and
themselves, let them admit the negroes to the
right of suffrage." That is not satisfactory.
Suppose, as I have said, the whites of these
States resolve to accept the compromise or
bargain you tender them? Suppose they take
the chances of unjust legislation for the priv-
ilege of robbing the negro by local law?
But I proceed. The five States named have
a rcpiesentative population, as the Constitu-
tion now stands, of only 559,017, which is but
10,110 more than the negro population of Vir-
ginia. 'I he negro population of Georgia ex-
ceeds the white population of Rhode Island,
Kansas, Delaware, and Oregon, by 45,525. The
negro population of Mississippi exceeds the
white population of the States last named by
upwards of 17,000. These States have five Rep-
resentatives and eight Senators in Congress.
The negro population of Georgia and South
Carolina is 878,018, largely more than the en-
tire white population of New Hampshire, Ver-
mont, and Rhode Island, it being only 810,636.
1 hose Slates have six Senators and eight Rep-
resentatives, but this vast population of nearly
a million souls will go unrepresented. Add the
negro population of Virginia to that of Georgia
and South Carolina^ and it almost equals the
white population of Maine, New Hampshire,
Vermont, and Rhode Island.
The proposed amendment, does not declare
that this population shall go unrepresented,
but it implies that a good reason may exist for
then- local disfranchisement in the States, and
if the States do regard them as brutes, and not
persons, they can do so. I, for one, am totally-
unwilling to permit them to do it. I append a
comparative table showing the population white
and black in 1SOO in fifteen States, the number
of Representatives they now have, the number
to which they would be entitled under the Con-
stitution as it is. the number to which they
would be entitled under the committee's plan,
in case the negroes are excluded, the propor-
tion of direct tax allotted to each under the act
of 1861, levying a tax of $20,000,000, and the
proportion each of said States would be required I
to pay of a twenty million tax under that
Constitution as it now stands, and as the commit-
tee proposes to leave it., their slaves being free:
is
OOO % ""is 2 sa 2  
& £ Si. O K
- . £3 5 £©
Et: : B'p:
3: I fj j
:.sr i
Hccyi^-Twci-To'^iic: ocn -c
OW-vll-*!—'COCTGCOOtOlvCJIGOC
OtO(CH'OQOGOtvCl-'O^PtvCCtf
© 00 Mpw<[ —  CO CO r—' COo
OCO rf*. OS OS W V* OS
CVOOrt Jr-iOTOtO-TtO J^.l-000
£2;
H-l-J © w
pS-gL°
' §5t
B'?r
M . . Q .
-•C5 Ol OS
J-TOOOWCtO
cn ^ CD <—' CO O © 4X 4^- OS CO CO O*
MOCOMKWp'KlOlCi-TMtCiO
10 co 1—* © to oc n*. -3 co -<f 00 to
c~.cr. en w o © 1
 
~ Cfc zn -q to OS cs
ovoo
tOCM.
to CO CO CO h-  ca ©
-"©CCCC—Jt-
"- ©to"*
-J CO CO 1—1 Os to 05Oi ^ Cn Cn -4 ®
cctocotooscni—'oocsrfxcncncoo
5**2
©
jasgL.fl o *o
® sj '3 S"
p < e5
p *■" © 2
so-c®,
3 1 I
SSo
™ © H
a a
OS CO CO <£> <J c*5 fcOto CO to OS C* W
to I 1 COr to « tso 1 Coi tor W •
1 1 Ml to 1 1 1 ;
  © 25 ^4
go H-O
p-3 <"a
BO 2.
_ M ^
© '
-© c
g. sjsf
P-8.2 o %
• -j
CJ to tO <£> ©« £0 M Os >£> CO CO C* 03
-<F1—'-'W'-'a'-'Cr.OMorctiCft is
os^ awjoSo ©s 04- co capi oSi:
HC4i-Ci CS wtO.fk.CC©TsS^-JIQO"ic* *t
CS© VI CO -• X ©> CO CO k— C£ to --7 CO
co cs © cc to w 00 cn +* os ©>-4 £
O tsj tc O ^ A-M--T CO ©1 to CO CS ^
rx S3 it pp, ^3
Ov Ji. C,: tc -£~C"' O 33 CC [ i K>"r .v ■■->
OOCOO->CiCnC.iOv-TC^©.OCC«SiCn
~-T to LO CO o CO GC ©< to OJ O <w" CO -~T
00 cro r£
O M ^
ts«c
fa § I?
O rt> OK
To show the monstrous injustice, however,
that may result from the proposed amendment,
I may state that should it be adopted and
a direct tax of $20,000,000 be levied, the ap-
portionment to Virginia would be SI,015.258.
file representation of Virginia in the lower
branch of Congress would'be nine members.
The State of Illinois, with sixteen mem-
bers m Congress, would pay but $1,088,800.
Kansas, with one member, would pay S68J83.
Oregon, with 0110 member, would pay 883^36*71
Minnesota, with two members, would pay
$109,470. Delaware, with one member, would
pay $71,309. New Hampshire, with three
members, would pay $200,382. Vermont,
with three members, would pay $200,402. And
Maine, with, six members, would pay $300,585.
Hence, these eight States, headed by the great
State of Illinois, and including three of the
New England States, would altogether pay
$2,177,556. The State of Virginia would have
to pay over one million, or nearly half this sum.
Virginia would be represented ty two Senators
and nine Representatives, while the States I
have named would be represented by sixteen
Senators and thirty-three Representatives. Un-
der such circumstances the peculiar interests of
Virginia industry might possibly be protected
by these Representatives from States having
diverse interests, but to believe it requires a
belief in the improvement of man's moral na-
ture far beyond what it promises to be in our
day. If a vast public debt is to be paid, the
representatives of peculiar interests will likely
forget the plodding negro in the South, in their
efforts to protect those interests and commend
themselves to their own constituents. It mat-
ters not by whom the Virginia Representative
may be elected, if when here his votes shall
be cast in favor of the negro's interest. If ho
represents the whites he cannot fail to repre-
sent the negroes, for their pursuits are regulated
by soil and climate and productions. Their
pursuits are necessarily similar and their inter-
ests cannot be divided.
If, then, the object of the committee be to
deny representation to citizens of the United
States merely because the States see fit to deny
them the suffrage, I think I have shown it to be
politically wrong, leading to acts of Injustice
and oppression on the one side, and to poverty
and humiliation on the other. I thank the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Scjixcr] for his
amendment to perfect this proposition. It de-
clares that if the negro is to be excluded from
the basis of representation, he must bo excluded
likewise from the basis of taxation. That is
fair, and argues a mind fully imbued with the
foundation principles of civil liberty. But if
this amendment, which is but the repetition of
the highest tribute we have ever paid our Re-
public, should be adopted, the ameridm ent itself,
I suspect, would be abandoned. You leave it
to the States to exclude the negro from suffrage.
If the States do so, you accept the action and
at once proceed to say he is a brute, a thing
that cannot enter into the basis of Federal rep-
resentation. If, in your judgment, the negro
be a person, how shall he be excluded from rep-
resentation? This rule, in Mr. Madison's opin-
ion, is the true one and proper to protect" per-
sonal rights." The whole Convention of 178",
a body of pure and upright and wise men. be-
lieved with him. If they were right, you cannot
deny the negro representation without ignoring
every profession ofthe Republican party and a
most important principle of republican theory.
But if he be a thing, and unworthy of repse-'en-
tation, how is it that he is more" than a thing
for purposes of taxation ? If he is a drone, un-
fit to vote, and therefore should have no more
voice in Congress than a stone or a stick, why
should he be required to pay monov for Gov-
ernment purposes? If he lie an unreason inn
animal, it is enough that I10 provide himself
with the means of lite. If ho is without capa-
city, nhite men should scorn to take from him
the little he may accumulate.
Mr. SUMNLR. Allow mo to remind niv
friend that the argument of Otis and of our rev-
olutionary fathers was, that there should be no
taxation, director indirect, where there was no
representation.
Mr. HliNDLRSON. That, is certainly the
true principle, a pri nciple of common seiwe and
republican right.
But. the committee, I presume, will tell me
ihey do not wish to deprive any nart of the coun-
try of its due and just representation in Con-
