1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
Mr. PIKE. American tonnage ought to be
heard on it.
Mr. ELIOT. There seems to be a general
wish to have this subject go over until to-mor-
row. I have no objection to its doing so, and I
move that, the bill be printed in the mean time.
The motion to print was agreed to; and the
further consideration of the bill was postponed
until to-morrow.
basis op representation.
Mr. STEVENS. The joint committee on
reconstruction, to which was recommitted joint
resolution No. 51, proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States in rela-
tion to the basis of representation, together with
all propositions submitted in this House in re-
lation to that subject, have directed me to re-
port the joint resolution back, modified to read
as follows:
llesolvcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing articlc be proposed to the Legislatuies of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as part of
said Constitution, namely:
Article —. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included
within this Union according to their respective num-
ber?, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed: Provided, That
whenever the elective franchise shall be denied or
abridged in any State on account of race or color, all
persons therein of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
1 now move the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a few moments
to allow me to offer a substitute for his resolu-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the demand for
tlie previous question to enable the gentleman
to olfer his proposition, so that we may have a
direct vote upon it.
Mr. SCHEXCIv. I offer the following as a
substitute for the proposition reported by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania from the joint
committee on reconstruction:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rppresentuticci
of the United States of America in Congress notciibleil,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,)That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as part of
said Constitution, namely:
Article —. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included
within this Union according to the number of male
citizens of the United States over twenty-one years
of age having the qualifications requisite for the elect-
ors of the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature. The Congress, at their first session after the
ratification of this amendment by tho required num-
ber of States, shall provide bv law for the actual enu-
meration of such voter? : and such actual enumeration
shall be separately made iti a. geneial census of the
population of all the States within every subsequent
term of ten years,insuchmanncrasthcCongress may
by law direct. The number of Representatives shall
not exceed one for every onehundredaudtwenty-five
thousand of actual population, but each State shall
have at least one Representative.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania wherein the re-
port which he now makes differs from the propo-
sition which he formerly reported from the com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee, in obedi-
ence to what they thought was a general feeling
in this House, have struck out the words '"and
direct taxes," so as to leave that subject for the
future action of Congress, if it shall be deemed
necessary, without embarrassing the present
proposition with it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The other proposition
remains the same?
Mr. STEVENS. Precisely the same.
Mr. WEIGHT. In consideration of the
gravity of this question, it being one which will
affect the welfare of the nation, would there be
any impropriety in having the report of the com-
mittee laid on the table for a short time, in
order that it may be printed, so that, members
may know what they are called upon to decide?
Mr. STEVENS. As we have already had a
week's debate upon this subject, and there is
but a single change, striking out the words
" and direct taxes,'' I cannot see the propriety
of detaining the House longer upon it.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] allow me to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck?]
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield for any more
propositions.
The question was upon seconding the demand
for the previous question; and being taken,
there were—ayes 73, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] five minutes of
my time, as he desires to make some explana-
tion of his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, as a matter
of course I cannot, within that limited time, go
into a prolonged explanation of the proposition
I have submitted as a substitute for that re-
ported by the joint committee.
If the members of this House will turn to
their files and examine House resolution No. 1,
as printed, they will find the amendment which
I have just offered, with a few slight variations,
which 1 will proceed to state. In tho original
resolution the word ''apportioned'' was mis-
printed " appointed that error is corrected.
After the word "citizens" the words " of the
United States'' have been inserted, and near
the close, after tho words ''one hundred,'" the
words "and twenty-live"' are inserted; so as to
provide that the representation of a State shall
never be less than one Representative for one
hundred and twenty-five thousand of popula-
tion. These are the only changes that I have
made in the proposition as originally introduced
by me at the commencement of this session.
I desire to submit to the several States an
amendment to the Constitution which shall
base representation upon suffrage, that right of
suffrage to be exercised by male citizens of the
United Stales over the age of twenty-one years,
having the requisite qualifications of electors
of the most numerous branch of the Legisla-
ture of the State in which they respectively re-
side. It is a plain, practical proposition. It
leaves to the census-takers to ascertain, when
visiting the domiciles of the citizens, how many
of them are voters within the terms of this de-
scription. It leaves no room for question as
to whether any portion of the citizens of tho
State have been excluded from the right of
voting on one account or on another. Nor is
there required any estimate of the proportional
number who have been included or excluded.
Tn fact, it leaves nothing open for discussion,
or wrangling, or difficulty, or difference in any
Congress that shall be called upon to appor-
tion Representatives upon the principle I have
suggested.
This matter is one which has been discussed
before the people very generally during the past
year at least, and upon which I think the mass
of them to a great extent have been informed.
And I think if there is to be a cure for this evil
of unequal representation, that cure had better
be a plain, practical one, which shall give rep-
resentation to the different States just in pro-
portion to the number of persons within their
limits that the States themselves say are com-
petent and proper to take part in the Govern-
ment of the country. The otfice of elector, for
in one sense it is an office, is to be settled by
the State organic law. And thus the number
of persons fitted and qualified to take part in
carrying on the government of this country
being determined by each State for itself, it will
thenbelel'tto Congress to apportion Represent-
atives among the several States according to
the number of persons thus qualified.
I would be glad to discuss some points con-
nected with the question of the propriety of
adopting this basis of representation more fully
than I have yet done. But I cannot do so within
the time allowed me. And with this very brief
explanation I leave my proposition to meet its
fate, hoping that v!e may have a direct vote
upon it, which will manifest the sense of the
House. Some remedy for this great evil of
unequal relative representation mustbe provided
in the Constitution of the nation; and if this,
which I think the best, amendment to that end
be not adopted, we must agree upon some other
plan that will.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to grant me five
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman
that much of my time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, the State
of Missouri, which would be more sensibly af-
fected by the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] than any other State rep-
resented upon this floor, has not yet had an
opportunity to express herself, through her rep-
resentation here, upon this question.
If I correctly understand the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio, it proposes to base
representation ujion voters as determined by
the laws of the respective States. It is well
known to every gentleman upon this floor that
the State of Missouri has endeavored, and as
she thinks, has succeeded, in placing the gov-
ernment of that State in loyal hands; in other
words, she has disfranchised the rebel element
of that State. In doing this she has probably
disfranchised one half of the voters of that
State. Hence, by the adoption of the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Ohio the delegation
of the State of Missouri on this floor would be
reduced from nine members to a number not
exceeding four. By the adoption of this prop-
osition we should virtually say to that State
'• II'you remove that restriction upon the rebel
element of that State, so that that element shall
control the destiny of that State and send a rebel
delegation to Congress, you may continue to
have nine members; but if, on the other hand,
you adhere to that restriction which you have
imposed, you shall have only three or four Rep-
resentatives." The adoption of this proposi-
tion would virtually say the same thing to every
one of the southern States that is to-day knock-
ing at our doors for admission. You would
thereby say to the State of Louisiana, "If you
shall reconstruct upon the principle which has
been adopted by Missouri and Maryland, you
shall be restricted to one member; whereas if
you permit the whole of the rebel element
within your borders to control your destinies
you shall have five Representatives."
The reconstruction policy of Missouri wo of
that State hold up as a model for imitation by
the States of the South; and I for one declare
here to-day that, when any one of the lately re-
bellious States shall present herself here, taking
the same position that Missouri has taken, show-
ing a determination to place and continue in
loyal hands the destinies of the State, I am
ready at any time to vote for the admission of
such State. The effect of the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, so far as regards Mis-
souri, would be to a great extent to stifle the
Union sentiment of the State. The represent-
atives of the Union cause there would be
unable to go before the people and sustain them-
selves under the operation of such au amend-
ment. The proposition would prove in its prac-
tical workings decidedly unjust in every State
where the rebel element prevails, and more par-
ticularly in the State I in part represent. I
hope this House is not disposed to perpetrate
such an injustice.
Mr. Speaker, another objection to this propo-
sition is that it is impracticable; it cannot be
carried out. The right, of suli'ragp in the State
of Missouri is based upon the oatli of the party.
No individual can deposit his ballot unless lis
subscribes an oath that during the rebellion
he has been loyal and has never in any manner
given aid or comfort to the enemy. Arc you
going to require the census-taker to hunt out
every male citizen of the State and administer
to each one that oath? You cannot ascertain
who are voters in that State exccpt by tender-
ing to every male citizen the oath prescribed
by the laws of that State. Will you say to the
census-taker in that State that he shall per*
sonally propose to every male citizen of the
