1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3519
that the large increase of our taxation upon
almost all kinds of articles increases the expense
of the manufacture. It is also true that our in-
flated currency makes the cost of living to the
workman far greater than ever before. He can-
not buy a barrel of flour or a barrel of meat or
anything else necessary for the subsistence of his
family withoutpaying alargely increased price.
So a specific duty of the same amount which
would answer the purpose four years ago is not
now enough. But the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] was mistaken in reference
to the amount of increase proposed in this
bill. The present duty is seventy cents per
hundred pounds, or fourteen dollars a ton.
This proposes twenty dollars a ton. It makes
an increase, therefore, of six dollars. The
reduction of the internal revenue tax it is just
and proper we should consider. In that we
not only relieved railroad iron by name, but
we also relieved pig iron, making a deduction
equal to $7 20 per ton.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think the gentlemen
from Iowa and the West ought to favor this
tariff on iron. My friend from Missouri lives
very near the great Iron mountain. It would
be very great gain to the West if that mountain
could be melted down into railroad and other
iron. They have coal, and there is no reason,
why they should not produce iron cheaper than
in Pennsylvania or anywhere else. I hope
soon to see that result reached.
Mr. ALLISON. Wo do not oppose a duty
on railroad iron but only the exorbitant rate
■which is here proposed.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is now closed
by order of the House.
Mr. MORRILL modified his amendment by
striking out "or" and inserting "and.''
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded tellers on the
amendment to the amendment offered by Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson of
Iowa, and Mr. Myers, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 10.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. ilsox of
Iowa, and Mr. Coffrotii, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the fellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 47.
So the amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to amend by
striking out "one cent per pound" and insert-
ing "seventy cents per hundred pounds."
Mr. THAYER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Allison* and
Mr. Morrill were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 56.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLISON moved to amend by strik-
ing out "one cent per pound" and inserting
" seventj'-five cents per hundred pounds."
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 35, noes 58.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
On iron known as angle iron, two and three fourth
cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike that out
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
On iron known as angle iron, whether in shapes
called T, 1, and II, or any other shapes than round,
square, or flat, not herein otherwise specified, two
and three quarter cents per pound.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
words " and three fourthsso as to leave the
duty on angle iron at two cents per pound.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would like the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to tell
us what kind of iron "angle iron" is. _
Mr. MORRILL. It is iron used for girders
in buildings and for various other purposes.
It is a large, heavy iron for building purposes,
made in various shapes, known as L, T, and
H iron, and by various other names.
The amendment of Mr. Allison was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On old scrap iron, five, dollars per ton: Provided,
That nothing shall bo deemed old iron that has not
been in actual use, and is lit only to bo remanuiao-
tured by reheating, rolling, and welding.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this par-
agraph by inserting the word "and" after the
word " reheating;" also by striking out" and"
and inserting "or" after the word "rolling."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUNDY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "five" and inserting the
word "ten" before the word " dollars," so as
to make the duty on old scrap iron ten dollars
per ton. I wish to state as the reason for my
motion, that the scrap iron mentioned in this
paragraph is what is known as " raw scrap,"
and is nothing more or less than the odds and
ends of wrought iron, bar iron, round iron,
and all those kinds of iron from blacksmiths'
shops. It is more valuable than any oilier de-
scription of wrought iron, except it be perfect
bar iron, &c.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
remind the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bundt]
that the proviso of this paragraph stales "that
nothing shall be deemed old iron that has not
been in actual use."
Mr. BUNDY. That would include any iron
that is the refuse of blacksmiths' shops, or any
other shops where they manufacture wrought
iron. It is iron that is worth in the market
to-day.from two and three quarters to three
cents per pound, or fifty per cent, more than
pig iron. There ought to bo a duty upon it
of at least ten dollars per ton.
Mr. STEVENS. And though so much more
valuable, it has been always rated heretofore
at the same duty as pig iron.
The question was taken on Mr. Bunby's
amendment; and on a division, there were—
ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On iron wire, bright, coppered, or tinned, drawn
and finished, not more than one lourth of an inch in
diameter, nor less than number sixteen wire gauge,
four cent? per pound ; less in size than number six-
teen, and not less than number twenty-live wire
gauge, live and a half cents per pound; less than
number twenty-five wire gauge, six cents per pound.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend this para-
graph by inserting after the word " coppered"
the word "galvanized."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I move further to amend by
adding to the paragraph the words "and, in
addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem."
My reason for offering that amendment is that
the duty proposed hero is not sufficient for the
better class of wire used for telegraphs, &e.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that amendment will
not bo adopted, for I think we have already
advanced the duty on iron wire quite enough.
The rate of the first, class under the present
law is only three and a half cents per pound,
and fifteen per cent, ad valorem, and we have
increased it to four cents per pound ; and the
other class, which is now four cents per pound,
we have increased to six cents.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dodge,] as
he explains it, I do not think a proper one;
but in the form he lias actually offered it there
is no objection to it.
Mr. DODGE. My amendment has refer-
ence to all the kinds of wire enumerated in this
paragraph.
The amendment of Mr. Dodou was then
agreed to. .
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
paragraph last read the following:
On iron spiral furnituie springs six and a half cents
per pound.
I merely desire to say that without this par-
agraph these springs will be imported at less
than the wire.
The araeadment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On locomotive tire of iron, or ba.rs rolled and out for
such uses, of whatever length, three centsand a half
per pound; on locomotive tire, or bars rolled for such
uses, of steel or of iron, refined by the Bessemer pro-
cess, four cents per pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On all puddled and blistered steel, and on all steel
other than castorsbear steel, in bars, sheets, slabs,
plates, coils, axles, tire, and parts of machinery for-
gings, a duty of throo and a half cents per pound. *
No amendment being offered,
The Cleric read as follows:
On all cast and shoar steel, in bars, ingots, slabs,
plates, coils, axles, tire, and parts of machinery for-
gings, valued at seven cents per pound or loss, a duty
of four and a half cents per pound.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts.- I move
to amend byinserting after the word "ingots,"
in the paragraph just read, the word "sheets."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IiALli. I move to amend Ihc pending
paragraph by striking out the words "four and
a half" and inserting in lieu thereof the word
" five," so that the duty shall be five cents por
pound. 1 believe, Mr. Chairman, that the duty
which I propose is no greater than ought to be
granted. The manufacture of steel in this
country, although recently undertaken, is one
of our most promising branches of industry,
and is well deserving of the encouragement
which this increase would give.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I should
be very glad, indeed, to accede to the motion
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hale.]
But it will bo observed that the duty pro-
posed in this paragraph applies only to steel
"valued at seven cents per pound or less."
Steel is an article that enters into all our man-
ufactures. It is difficult even now to place a
duty upon anything made of steel so that it
cannot be imported from abroad.
Mr. ALLISON. I beg to suggest that, ac-
cording to the argument adduced a short time
since, a higher duty will diminish the price of
this steel; so that a duty of five cents perpound
will really have the opposite effect fiom what
the chairman of the committee anticipates.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MOltR ILL. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] is speaking a little sarcastically.
[Laughter.] I do not propose to argue the
question ; but I think it is the better policy in
this case to adhere to the bill.
The amendment of Mr. llALEwasdisagreedto.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all cast and shear steel, in bars, ingots, sheets,
slab1?, plates, coils, axles, tiro, and parts of machinery
forgings, and wire, exceeding three eighths of an inch
in diameter, valued at above seven cents per pound,
a duty of iivo cen ts per pound, and, in addition thereto,
ten per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment, being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On steel wire less than one fourth of an inch diam-
eter, and not. less than number sixteen wire gauge,
fiveccntsper pound, and, in addition thereto, twenty
por cent, ml va/otrm ; less or finer than number six-
teen wire-gauge, six cents per pound, and, m addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am authorized by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
111 the first line,strikeout "onofourth" and insert
"three eighth?;" so that the clause will read on
steel wire less than three eighths oi an inch m chain-
otov, Ax*.
Mr. HALE. I suggest to my friend from
Pennsylvania that, it should road, " not exceed-
ing three eighths," instead of "less than three
eighths
Mr. MOORHEAD. I accept the gentle-
man's suggestion, and modify my amendment
accordingly.
The amendment, as modified, wis agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move farther to amend
by inserting before the words " steel wire" in
the first line, the words "all steel wire, and:"
so that the clause will read, "on all steel and
steel wire," &c.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman explain
the object of that?
Mr. MOORHEAD. It is designed to include
