3520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
a great many articles made of steel, such as
ramrods, &c.—articles that might perhaps be
designated as rods.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest to the gentleman
that it would be better to say " steel rods" in-
stead of "steel."
Mr. MOORHEAD. I have no objection to
that, and I modify my amendment accordingly.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
* The Clerk read as follows:
On metal, converted, east, or made from iron by the
Bessemer or pneumatic process, of whatever form
or description, except railway bars, three cents per
pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "bars," in the last line
of the paragraph just read, the words "whether
invoiced as steel or iron."
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man whether he had not better add, as an ad-
ditional security, the words " or otherwise,"
so that his amendment will read "whether
invoiced as steel or iron or otherwise."
Mr. MORRILL. I accept the gentleman's
suggestion, and modify my amendment accord-
ingly.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all railway bars, made by the Bessemer and
pneumatic process, two and a half cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the clause just read and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
On railway bars, made in whole or in part by the
Bessemer or pneumatic process, and steel railway
bars, made in whole or in part by any other process,
two and a half cents per pound..
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to ask the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether they pro-
pose to amend by adding steel carriage springs,
which are omitted.
Mr. MORRILL. There has been 110 action
of the committee on that subject.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Imove, then, to amend
by adding after the amendment just adopted,
" steel carriage springs, ten cents per pound."
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest to the gentleman
that those articles would come within the limits
of the next paragraph, which reads thus:
On stool, in any form, and on manufactures of steel
of every description not otherwise herein provided
for, i'orty-fivo per cent, ad valorem.
1 think that this duty is certainly sufficient.
Mr. MO RRILL. I think that the duty pro-
posed in the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Giuswold] is a little too high.
Eight cents per pound is fully sufficient.
Mr. GRISWOLD. There is at present a
difference of sixty per cent, in favor of the
English manufacture. Hut I will accept the
suggestion of the gentleman from Vermont,
and modify my amendment by substituting
"eight" for "ten."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HOOFER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting after the amendment
just adopted the following;
On railway-fross, frog-points, fish-bars, and finger-
bais, four and a half cents per pound.
Mr. PRICE. I would suggest that fish-bars
are already in the bill, under the name of
" splice-bars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On steel, in any form, and on manufactures of steel
of every description, not otherwise herein provided
for, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. AMES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out "forty-live"
and inserting " fifty-five," so that the duty shall
be " fifty-five per cent, ad valorem." Mr. Chair-
man, I offer this amendment in order to cover
the advance made in steel. There is no advance
in the duty imposed on the manufacture of
steel; but the price of steel is increased two
and a quarter to three cents per pound. This
amendment is necessary, in order that the man-
ufacturer may stand as well as before.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will mod-
ify his amendment so as to make the duty fifty
per cent., I will not object?.
Mr. AMES. I accept the gentleman's sug-
gestion, and modify my amendment aceord-
ingly.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move to amend by
inserting the following after the paragraph last
read:
On all bonds, certificates of stock, or other evidences
of indebtedness of the United States or any State,
brought back or returned for payment, sale, or col-
lection before due, ten per cent, ad valorem.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On crinoline steel wire, flattened and tempered,
seven cents per pound.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "tempered," in the clause
just read, the words "whether covered or
otherwise." The object of this amendment, is
to protect our home industry against the im-
portation of the crinoline wire already covered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I move further to amend by
striking out the word " seven" and inserting
in lien thereof "ten," and by adding after the
wox-d "pound" the words "and ten per cent.
ad valorem;" so that the clause will read,
"on crinoline steel wire, flattened and tem--
pered, whether covered or otherwise, ten cents
per pound, and ten per cent, acl valorem."
This steel wire for skirts is a very large man-
ufacture. It is made from the steel rods. The
addition made by this tariff to the duty on steel
rods is very large, equal to $124 per toil, while
the increase of the former duty on wire is only
twenty-two cents. The consequence will be
that the large number of persons engaged iq
this manufacture at home will be turned out of
employment. The wire will be imported al-
ready prepared, and the steel will not be drawn
down in this country.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DODGE. I am sure the chairman of
the committee is aware of the great importance
of this interest. There is employed in the man-
ufacture of this article in this country more than
two hundred thousand people.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out "seven"
and insert "ten," so that it will read, " on crin-
oline steel wire, flattened and tempered, ten
cents per pound." No doubt that increase is
necessary. I am assured by those engaged in
the business that it ought to be fifteen in order
to give a profit to the manufacturer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the committee
rise. It is Saturday night, and we ought to
have a little time to prepare for Sunday.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the committee will
sit to the usual hour of half past four.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cross-cut saws, twelve cents per lineal foot; on
mill, pit, and drag saws, not over nine inches wide
fifteen cents per lineal foot; over nine inches wide,
twenty-five cents per lineal foot.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On hardware, tools, implements, carpenters' tools,
vises, braces, hilts, fire-tongs, and shovels, house-
building hardware not otherwise herein provided
for, sheaves, scales, instruments for surgical and med-
ical uses, and all like finished articles ot steel,wholly
or in part, or of iron, brass copper, or other metal,
and whether washed, plated, or gilt, forty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask the chairman whether
this clause of the bill comes up to the expec-
tation of the hardware interest of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. That is rather a hardware
question.
Mr. O'NEILL. And in behalf of the Amer-
ican hardware manufacturers I ask for the in-
formation. I will now move to strike out "forty-
five" and insert "sixty" per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, some weeks ago a communica-
tion was sent, to some of the members of the
House by the Philadelphia Hardware Trade
Association, in which that .organization indi-
cated a desire that the duty on hardware should
be increased on an average twenty-five per cent,
over the duty in the existing tariff. My amend-
ment provides for such an addition to the rec-
ommendation of the committee as would make
an average increase on imported hardware to
that amount. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will not object
to. this reasonable request. It is only just to
the American hardware manufacturers that the
increase should be granted, because we have
in the tax bill now about to become a law
increased the taxes upon the goods made by
them, and I think we should endeavor, as soon
as possible, at least, to raise the duty on for-
eign hardware to the same extent as the higher
taxation proposed in our internal revenue bill,
and also consider the high rate of gold and
materials.
Mr. KASSON. Is it the rule to give each
interest all it asks ?
Mr. O'NEILL. In some cases I presume
particular interests have been given not only as
much, but more, than they have asked. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
a few minutes ago said that the duty on crino-
line wire should be as high as fifteen per cent.
<ad valorem, when, as I understand it, ten per
cent, was as much as the home manufacturers
desired.
Mr. MORRILL. I said the manufacturers
declared they could not manufacture it for less
than fifteen, but I did not say they ought to
have it.
Mr. O'NEILL. My impression was that the
chairman of the committee had said that he was
satisfied that the duty on crinoline should be
higher than was asked, but he explains that it
was the manufacturers who said so. I did not,
of course, desire to state him wrong.
The manufacture of American hardware is
one of the most important branches of our in-
dustry. Large capital has been invested in it,
and if we want to protect this branch of manu-
facturing we should not hesitate to increase the
duty to the point which I have named. Amer-
ican-made hardware, under the auspices.of a
favorable tariff, would entirely keep out the
foreign-made article, even at the enormously
high premium on gold. It is conceded that we
can produce a better article, especially in build-
ing-hardware, and in fact-in most other kinds,
than the imported. Hence, why not cherish
our own manufacture of it, and while the large
number of operatives and skilled workmen en-
gaged in the numerous factories and shops are
day by day improving in skill, why not give the
increased protection to the capital invested?
I hope my amendment will prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all harness and saddlery hardware, fifty per cent.
ad valorem,
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
On muskets, rifles, fowling-pieces, pistols, and all
other fire-arms, foi^y-fivo per cent, acl valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
On swords and sword-blades, twenty-five cents each
blade, and, in addition thereto, forty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
On planter's or other hoes, wholly or in part of steel
or iron, two doPars per dozen.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
On files, file blanks, rasps, and floats, not exceed-
ing five inches in length, forty-cents per dozen: over
five inches, and notoverseven inches, sixty-five cents
per dozen; over seven inches, and not€o\or nine
inches, one dollar per dozen; over nine inches, and
not over eleven inches, one dollar and thirty-five
cents per dozen; over eleven and not over thirteen
inches, two dollars per dozen; over thirteen inches,
and not over fifteen inches, two dollars and seventy
cents per dozen; over fifteen inches in length, three
dollars and twenty-five cents per dozen.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On copper ore, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
