1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53t
on the other side of the House are afraid of the
rivalry of the negro? [Laughter.] I do not
think we ought to disfigure the Constitution
with such a provision, i find that every un-
married man is opposed to the proposition.
Whether married men have particular reason
for dreading interference from that quarter I
know not. [Laughter.] I certainly shall never
vote, to insert the word " malo" or the word
"white" in the national Constitution. Let these
things be attended to by the States.
Now, sir, there is another fatal objection to
the proposition of my friend from Ohio. -If
I have been rightly informed as to the number,
there are from fifteen to twenty Representatives
in the northern States founded upon those who
are not citizens of the United States. In New
York I think there are three or four Represent-
atives founded upon the foreign population,
three certainly. And so it is in Wisconsin,
Iowa, and other northern States. There are
fifteen or twenty northern Representatives that
would be lost by that amendment and given to
the South whenever they grant the elective
franchise to the negro.
Now, sir, while I have not any particular
regard for any foreigner who goes against me,
yet I do not think it would be wise to put into
the Constitution or send to the people a propo-
sition to amend the Constitution which would
take such Representatives from those Stales,
and which thciefore they will never adopt. I
have no hope that any such proposition would
ever be adopted. Let us try to bo practical.
On the otli daj' of December last I introduced
a proposition to amend the Constitution found-
ing representation upon the voting basis and
excluding the foreign population, as the propo-
sition of my friend from Ohio does. It was
■ dear to my heart, for I had been gesiating it
for three months. [Laughter.] But when T
came to consult, the committee of fifteen and
found that the States would not adopt it, I pur-
rendered it. Now, eannotmyfriend from Ohio
give up his darling, too? [Laughter.]
I had another proposition, which I hope may
again be brought forward. It is this:
All national and State lavrs "hall he equally appli-
cable to every citizen, and no discrimination shall be
made on account ol'raco or color.
There is the genuine jiroposition ; that is the
one I love ; that is the one which I hope, before
we separate, we shall have educated ourselves
up to the idea of adopting, and that we diall
have educated our people up to the point of rati-
fying. But it would not be wise to entangle the
present proposition with that one. The one
might drag down the other; and although 1 have
not obtained what I want. 1 am content to take
what, after comparing ideas with others, 1 be-
lieve we can carry through the States; and I
believe we can carry this proposition.
Some gentlemen say this principle if adopted
will be abused. Some learned gentlemen on
the oihei side, for whose feelings I have great
regard, seem to think so. And when I say ''on
the other side'' I do not want to be misunder-
stood -I mean some of our friends on the other
side of the Chamber. [Laughter.] The others
there have not spoken ; but [ have as much re-
gard for the others when thev speak. It is said
that this principle might be evaded by saying
that no man who had ever been a slave shall
vote, and that that would not be a disfranchise-
ment on account of raec or color. Allow me
to saythatthat suggestion must have been made
hastily and not with that well-considered judg-
ment which generally characterizes those gen-
tlemen. Sir, no man in America ever was or
ever could be a slave if he was a white man. I
know white men have been held in bondage
contrary to law. But there never was a court
in the United States, in a slave State or a free
State, that has not admitted that if one held
as a slave could prove himself to be white he
was that instant free. And therefore such an
exclusion, on account of previous condition ot
slavery, must be an exclusion on account of
race or color. Therefore that objection falls
to the ground.
Now, the question is narrowed down to the
sole question of a choice between the proposi-
tion of the committee and the proposition of
(ho gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SCUIEXCK.]
There is no necessity, then, unless I desire to
exhibit myself, for my proceeding any farther
in this matter. Nor do I propose to go into an
examination of what was perhaps the not quite
pertinent argument of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Raymond.] All I want is that two
thirds of each branch of this Congress shall
vote affirmatively on this question. And while
I should take pleasure in having the President
approve of our conduct, yet he has nothing to
say about it on this, question. We do not send
it to him and ask his opinion about it. and
therefore it was all the more kind in him to
send us his opinion without being asked for it.
Mr. SMITH. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to permit to
be read the paper which has called forth his
remarks, so that we may understand to what lie
alludes when he speaks of the President under-
taking to dictate to Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to hav-
ing it read, except that it will take more time
than its importance warrants.
Several Members. Let, it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The following is the substance of a conversation
which tookplaceyestciday bet v. een tlu lh cxdent and
a distill;; niched Sena! or, as t el (-graphed Xorth by tile
a^ent, ot the jWoeiated Press:
" The President said that he doubted the propriety
at this time ot making further amendment ^ to tho Con-
stitution. One great amendment had already been
made, by which slavery had lorevcr been abolished
w it hill the lumtsof the United Stales, and a national
guarantee thus ^iven that the institution should never
exist in the land. Propositions to amend the Consti-
tution were becormn? as numerous as pi eainhle? and
resolutions at, town meetings called to consider the
most ordinary questions connected with the adminis-
tration of local a Hail*. All this, in his opinion, had a
tendency to dimmish I he dignity and pi esticre attached
to the Constitution of the country, and to lessen the
respect and conlidenecol thoneoplem their great char-
ter oi ireedom. I i, however, amendments are to be
made to the Consti! ution, chanson™ the basis of repie-
seutatiou and laxation, (and hedid not deem them at
all necessary at the pre-cut time,) he knew ol none
better than a s,mple proposition, embraced in a tew
l:ne-, making m each St;.to the number ot qualltied
voters the basis ot representation, and the value ot
pioperty the basis ot direct taxation.t Such a, piopo-
sition could be embraced m the iolloivinp tcims :
" 'Rcnresentalives shall be apportioned amongthe
sevcral'iStates whioh may bo inchuWl within this
Union according to the number of qualified voters m
each State.
"'Diiect taxes shall be apportioned anions the sev-
eral States which maybe iin-luded within this Union
according to tho \ alue of ail taxable pioperty m each
State.'
"An amendment of this kind would, in his opinion,
place the basis ot representation and direct laxation
upon corieet i'iis; j. Vne ijuabhed voters were,
lor the mo-t pait. lu'-n v,ho were subject !o draft and
enlistment v. In n it was nece--arvto repel invasion,
suppress rebellion, and qit"!l domestic violence and
insurrection. Thev risk their bves, shed tin ir blood,
and pent their all to uphold the Government andfove
protection, security, and value to property. If seemed
lint just that propei ty should compensate for thc ben-
efits' thus conterred by defraying the expenses inci-
dent to its protection and ciiiny incut.
"Such ail amendment. the President also sU'rceMcd,
would remove from Coiu?ia li issues in reference to
tho political equality of the, rates. It would leave the
States to determine ahso!ntcly the qualifications of
their own voters with regard to Colo'-; and thus tho
number of Representatives to which thev would be
entitled m Con?icss wouid depend upon the number
upon v\bnin they eonlertvd the ruiht, of sufFra,20.
"The Preudint, in tin- conneelioo. exp]-es-e<l tho
opinion that the achat ion oi the liciro-fi audiise ques-
tion in the Di-tiict ot Columbia at this time was the
mere cut' line;-w.-d'ie to the .uiilatmn of the que-tioil
ihroiucliont the St,'to-, and wa- ill-timed uncalled tor.
and calculated to do fireat harm, lie believed that it
would onguidei enmity, content ion, and strue be-
tween the t v, o : ,ie.', and lead to a war h. tweem tll( in
which ould rc-ult in ci "at imuiv to h,jth, and the
certain extermination of the near,) population. Pre-
cedent o, he thought, should lie im en to more impor-
tant and urgent matters, legislation upon vliich was
essential tor the restoration of the Union, the peace
ot the country, and the prosperity ot the people."
Mr. STEVENS. I am rather glad the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] callcd for
the reading of that paper, because it shows that
the President and I agree exactly, on one point
at least: for lie leaves out the word "male' in
condemnation of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. SciicxcK.] T am very glad he called fu-
tile reading of the paper.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to ask a
question of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to ask the
gentleman by what authority does he claim that
the paper just read expresses the views of the
President?
Mr. STEVENS. I think I have good reasons
for saying that it emanated from the Presi-
dent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Has the gentleman any
objection to stating what those reasons are?
Mr. STEYEXS. I have no right to tell the
scercts of the Executive. [Laughter.]
But we know perfectly well that tho Presi- \
dent has nothing to do with this matter. The \
passage of this amendment by a two-tliirds vote \
of both Houses of Congress will curry it before
the State Legislatures for ratification without
regard to the approval or disapproval of the
President. It is true that the constitutional
amendment, for the abolition of slavery was,
after its passage by both Houses of Congress,
sent inadvertently to President Lincoln for his
signature. But although he signed it because
lie approved it, yet, acting with the sagacity
and the modesty which were so characteristic of
him, he sent to Congress a message stating that
that body, in sending him that joint resolution
lor approval, had done what the Constitution
did not require. We shall not trouble Presi-
dent Johnson by sending him this amendment
if it should be passed by Congress, because
it is not necessary to submit it to him for bis
approval.
As I said before. I do not intend to refer par-
ticularly to the able, elaborate, and eloquent
speech of my friend from New York, [Mr.
Raymond,] because that speechhad, to a great
extent, no connection whateverwith this ques-
tion, except, possibly, so far as the status of the
States may be affected by this amendment. He
still persists in saying that the seceded States
are, and ulwuysliave been, in the Union; that
the Constitution would not allow them to go,
out. He took tho same ground before. I
had undertaken to prove that tliey were out. of
the Union, not by our consent, but by opera-
tion of law. I had stated that, they formed the
confederate government as States; that they
had raised large armies; that they had done
what no State could constitutionally do, issued
letters of marque which were recognized by
us and the civilized world. There is no doubt,
sir, that for three years we acknowledged that
rebel government as a belligerent, as did the
whole civilized world. But whether we so ac-
knowledged the rebels or not. the law-of nations
declares that when they had established a gov-
ernment. and maintained themselves for a suffi-
cient length of time to rise above the position
of mere murderers or insurrectionists, they be-
' came belligerents: and it does not make a par-
i tide of difference whether tho parent Govern-
ment recognises them as belligerents. Tn this
] case, however, the acknowledgment of our own
1 Government and the well-settled doctrine of the
law of nations combined in conceding to the
States in rebellion this position.
The gentleman cannot deny this state of facts;
and vet he reiterates the doctrine, "once a
Slate" always a State." May I be pardoned
for reading a paragraph from Vatrel?
""When n nnlion become:5 divided into two parties
al>--'>latolv independent, and no loncrcr iir-knowkds-
iii? a t'owraon superior, the State is di^olvcd, and
the wnr between the two purlieu Mauds on the Kime
1 pr'uind in every rc^pect as it public war between two
diffeient nations."
A go 5 n. T read:
[ " Tho conventions, the trentie?, made witli a nation
! are broken or annulled by a war anting between tho
contractus parties/'
This is the doctrine of Vatteb a= well as of
Grotins and Rutherford and Ihifi'eudorf. The
gentleman from New York denies it. I admit
the weight, of the gentleman's authoiity; but
I am not willing that all those sages of the law,
clad in the panoply of ages, and iortified by the
opinion of the ei\ ilized world, should be broken
down and annihilated by the single arm ol my
