1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8521
Mr. HUBBA RT), of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-
man, I move to amend by striking out the clause
justread. If this motion prevails, the duty on
foreign copper ores will remain the same that
it now is; namely, at five per cent, on the
value. I am strongly in favor of a protective
tariff; but a proper discrimination must be
made between articles that will bear a high
duty and articles that will not.. All agree that
the tax should not fall on the "rawmaterial,"
but should be as far removed from it as prac-
ticable. I do not expect, under the five-minute
rule, to discuss the great principles of the
American protective system. On looking over
the bill presented to us by our very able Com-
mittee of Wftys and Means I observe With feel-
ings of regret t^at they propose to increase
the rates of duty on divers articles which enter
into the manufacture of brass goods, so called,
in a manner unprecedented, and to a degree
uncalled for by any facts in the case.
The present duty on copper ore is five per
cent, ad valorem. The. bill before us proposes
to increase the duty to fifteen per cent.
The present duty on copper in pigs, ingots,
or bars, is two and a half cents per pound.
The bill offered us proposes to augment the
duty to five cents per pound.
The present duty on zinc and spelter in blocks
or pigs is one and one half cent per pound,
we increase this duty to two and one half cents
The bill submitted to us recommends that
per pound.
The duty on zinc in sheets is two and one
fourth cents per pound, a heavy duty, and cer-
tainly all the article will bear; but it is pro-
po«ea to increase it to four cents per pound.
I will submit one example more only to
illustrate my own views of the extraordinary
increase ol' duties proposed by the bill on
what the manufacturer deems the raw mate-
rial he must import from abroad or abandon
his business, namely, the case of nickel, on
which the present duty is fifteen per cent., and
which the bill proposes to increase to forty
cents per pound. This must be regarded as
an extraordinary proposition when it is under-
stood that less than one tenth part of all the
nickel used in this country is made here. I
know of nothing in the experience of the past
to j notify it.
The American manufacturer who is com-
pelled to purchase these articles from abroad
and use them as " raw material" is making no
money under the present rales. The excise
tax he is bound to pay, with the enormous
increase of the cost of production, places his
business in a most embarrassing condition.
One of the most enterprising and skillful of
the manufacturers'of "brass goods" assured
me that his company, with the exercise of the
most prudent care, were not able to realize ten
per cent. He assured me that even at the
present rales of diity 011 the foreign material it
would be better to place their capital in Uni-
ted States bonds than incur the hazard inci-
dent to all capital cmbaiked in manufactures.
And yet it is proposed to duplicate and tripli-
cate the duties on the material he is compelled
to'purchase abroad or abandon his business.
I presume it is well known that our smelters
must have the foreign copper ores to enable
them to work the homo ores to advantage. I
am informed that England imposes no excise
taT 011 the articles named. I am apprehensive,
sir, that if ttie duties are imposed as recom-
mended our countrymen will be driven from
the market, and the business of making brass
goods will pass into the hands of our enemies.
I send to the Clerk the following memorial and
ask that it be read, as it states the case better
than I can state it. At the time the memorial
was sent me the memorialists did not dream
of the additional duties now recommended,
but sought relief from the burdens stated in
their address.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the honorable the Senator? and Representatives in
the Congress of the United States :
The undersigned, manufacturers of sheet brass,
brass and copper wire, and German silvor, respect-
39th Cong. 1st Ress.—No. 221.
fullyrepresent that the capital invested in this busi-
ness m the United States is at least $5,000,000; that
all the goods they manufacture are in turn tho raw
materials of other branches of industry, in which are
invested at least $20,000,000more; that the excise tax
paid by your memorialists and thosein thesame busi-
ness was last year orer$2oO,UUi>, besides the excise tax
paid by the manufacurers -who work up brass,, &c.
Until recently the duties imposed by the present
tariff upon brass goods have been satisfactory, but
our internal revenue tax and other causes have so
increased the eo«t of our products that a very serious
embarrassment has arisen in consequence of large im-
portations of goods manulactured wholly or in part
of brass, German silver, and wire, and these embar-
rassments become moro serious with the constant
decline in gold. .
We use the following articles as raw materials, and
it is desirable that they should bo afforded at as low
a rate as possible:
Ingot copper.—-The present duty is two and a half
cents per pound, and on copper ores five per cent.
The excise tax is three per cent. The copper smelt-
ers must have the foreign ores in order to work tho
home ores advantageously. There is no impost or
exciso duty on copper or ores in England, and there-
fore the brass manufacturers of England have this
advantage in competition with u^.
Speltei.—The present duty is one and a half cent
per pound, or about thirty per cent, nd vnlnrcm. The
English impost duty is merely nominal.
Nickel, which is largely used in the manufacture of
German silver.—The present duty is fiiteen per nont.
<ul valorem. No duty is imposed in England. Nickel
is produced in this country to only a limited extent,
and many years must elapse befoie it is laigely man-
ufactured. Indeed, it is doubtful whether it is ulti-
mately successful, as the cost of refining is much
greater here than in Europe. Plated-ware is mado
from German silver, and this business has become
enormous, millions of dollars being invested in it.
Plated-ware is largely impoitcd at tho present time,
and so hugely tlvat the buMucas in this country must
bo completely desl royed unless we enn procure our
raw materials at th<> same rate as the English manu-
facturers, or unless thepresent duty on the manulac-
tured goods is largely increased.
Your memorialists therefore pray your honorable
body to examine into the foregoing facts, and to grant
such relief as may seem reasonable, and, as in duty
bound, we will ever pray.
WATEUBUUY BRASS COMPANY.
BENEDICT & 1HJRNI1AM MANUF'G CO.
SCOVJLL MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
HOLMES, "HOOTfT At HAYDHtfK.
BROWN & BROTHERS.
COE BRASS MANUFACTURING CO.
• Mr. BEAMAN. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. There are large investments
made in this branch of industry in tho State
which I have the honor in part to represent,
and this interest has been languishing very
much during the last two or three years. Mr.
Chairman, it seems to me that the tax of fif-
teen per cent, ad valorem as proposed in the
bill is very small.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If tliegen-
tlernan will give way, I will move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. BEAMAN. I will do so.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that tho committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, according to order, had had
under consideration tho bill of tho House (No.
718) to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
new jersey soldiers' certificates.
Mr. NEWELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Ite°oherl, That tho Committee on the_ Post Office
and Post Roads bo requested to inquire into tho ex-
pediency of authorizing the adjutant general of New
Jersey to distiibute through tho mails free of postage
certain certificates of honor awarded bv the Legisla-
ture to soldiers of that State, and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
message e11031 tiie sex ate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying tho House
that that body had agreed to the conference
asked for 011 the disagreeing votes on House
bill No. 018, to continue in force and to amend
an act to establish a Bureau for the lielief of
Freedrnen and Refugees, and for other pur-
poses, and had appointed Messrs. Wilso.y,
Harris, and Nesmith managers of said con-
ference on its pari.
PARTS EXPOSITION.
Mr. BANKS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the joint resolution relating to the Paris
Exposition, made the following report:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to tho
joint re.-olntion (H. R. No. 52) to provide for the ex-
penses attending the exhibition of the products of
industry of the United States at the Exposition at
Paris m ISO/, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
to their respective Houses as iollons:
1. That the IIouso of Representatives do concur in
the amendments of the Senate with amendments, as
follows: in section one, lino fifteen, strike out tho
words "in coin;" in section one, linosoionteen,st.nko
out tbewords "in coin;" in seetionone, linetwenty-
eight, strike outtho words " and returnin section
one, line thirty-six, strikeout the words "going and
coming;" in section one, lino forty-three, striko out
the words " in coin."
2. Thai the Senato do agree to the said amendments
to the amendments of tho Senate.
IRA HARRIS,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
A. H. OR AG IN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
N. V. BANKS,
It. 1 . SP VLDING,
S. H. MARSHALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. BANKS. The amendments made by
this report reduce the appropriations made
by the Senate's amendments from about two
hundred and five to one hundred and fifty-six
thousand dollars. I trust that the House will
consent to the amendments of the Senate as
amended by this report. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest to postpone this until
my colleague [Mr. Washburne] is present.
[Laughter. 1
Mr. BANKS. I am sorry the gentleman
is not here; but the parties employed by the
Government in making arrangements for the
Exhibition desire as little delay as possible.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I demand the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the report.
Tho yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. 1 call for tellers
on ordering tho yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to lay
the report on tho table; and on that I demand
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The adoption of that motion
would carry the joint resolution with it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference, there
were—ayes 75, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. BANKS. I call for tellers. There is
evidently a quorum in the Hall.
'Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Banks
and Williams were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 7.'!, noes *21.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
(at twenty-five minutes to five o'clock p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
% 
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
tho rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: A petition of citizens of
Schuyler county, Now York; in favor ot a National
Insurance Bureau.  . . ,. ... ...
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of 09 farmers, me-
chanics, and laborers, of Reading, Berks county,
Pennsylvania, asking for an increased tariff to pro-
tect American labor. .
By Mr. THAYER: The petition of American farm-
praving for the passage of an act authonzing said
Cliriftiana Blower to enter in her own name lot No.
126, Stockbridge reservation, Wisconsin; or an act
instructing the proper officer to ordor a rehearing
in the matter.
