*538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
friend from New York, however powerful he
may be in assault and cunning in defense.
One word as to another portion of the gen-
tleman's speech. I could not but admire fan
admiration mingled with wonder) the amiabil-
ity of temper, the tenderness of heart, the gen-
erosity of feeling, which must have prompted
some of the closing sentences of the excellent
and able speech delivered by the gentleman on
last Monday. His words were these:
" The gigantic contest is at an end. The courage
and devotion on either side which made it so terrible
and so long, no longer owe a divided duty, but have
become the common property of the American name,
the priceless possession of the American Republic,
through all time to come. The dead of the contend-
ing hosts sleep beneath the soil of a common country,
under their common flag. Their hostilitiesarehushed,
and they are the dead of the nation forevermore."
Sir, much more than amiable, much more
than religious must be the sentiment that would
prompt any man to say that "the courage and
devotion" which so long withstood our arms,
prolonging the terrible conflict of war, and
sacrificing the lives of thousands of loyal men,
are hereafter to be the common boast of the
nation, "the priceless possession of the Amer-
ican Republic through all time to comethat
it is the pride of our country so many infamous
rebels were so ferocious in their murders.
Sir, we are to consider these dead on both
sides as the dead of the nation, the common
dead! And so I suppose we are to raise mon-
uments beside the monuments to Reynolds
and others to be erected in the cemetery on the
battle-field of Gettysburg ; we must there build
high the monumental marble for men like
Barksdale, whom I have seen in this Hall draw
their bowie-knives on the Representative of the
people ; men who died upon the battle-field of
Gettysburg in arms against the Government,
and where they now lie buried in ditches "un-
wept, nnhonored, and unsung!" They are, I
suppose, to be raised and put into the fore-front
ranks of the nation, and we are to call them
through all time as the dead of the nation! Sir,
was there ever blasphemy before like this ? Who
was it burnt the temple of Ephesus ? Who was
it imitated the thunder of Jove? All that was
poor compared with this blasphemy. 1 say if
the loyal dead, who are thus associated with
the traitors who murdered them, put by the
gentleman on the same footing with them, and
are to be treated as the "common dead of the
nation"'—I sav, sir, if they could have heard
the gentleman tliey would have broken the
cerements of the tomb and stalked forth and
haunted him until his eye-balls were scared.
Mr. RAYMOND. May I ask the gentle-
man's indulgence for one moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Wait until after the vote
has been taken.
Mr. RAYMOND. There will be no time
then ; I prefer it now. It, is simply for a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man in Ins closing remarks lias misappre-
hended and misstated both my words and my
meaning. I take it for granted the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and every other gentleman
of this House, can distinguish between courage
as an element of character, and the cause in
which that courage has been shown; and I am
sure there is no man upon this floor who will
not say that the courage, the persistent deter-
mination, shown by the rebels in their resistance
to the Government, if shown in a good cause,
would have been worthy of all admiration and
respect. I was speaking of that courage as a
(juality of character, not of the cause in which
it was shown; and what I meant to say—and
what I trust I shall not be accused of blas-
phemy for saying—is simply this: that that cour-
age, if it had been shown under a common flag,
:n a common cause with us, to sustain the flag
and glory of this great country, would have done
honor to the American name. I have no hesi-
tation in expressing for it my admiration in that
sense and to that extent.
As to building monuments to the rebel dead
and singing peans in their praise, I have only
to say that the whole of it is a figment of the
gentleman's very prolific imagination. I neither
said nor intimated anything which could bear
any such construction.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me, in reply to the gen-
tleman, read from his speech:
"The gigantic contest is at an end. The courage and
devotion on either side which made it so terrible and
so long, no longerowe adivided duty, buthave become
tlxe common property of the American name, the
priceless possession of the American Republic through
all time to come. The dead of the contending hosts
sleep beneath thesoil of acommon country,uncier their
common flag. Their hostilities arc hushed, and they
arc the dead of the nation forevermore. The victor
may well exult in the victory he has achieved. Let it
be our task, as it will be our highest glory, to make
the vanquished and their posterity to the latest gen-
eration rejoice in their defeat."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
now expired.
[Cries of " Question!51 "Question!"]
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. As the previous ques-
tion has been seconded and no further debate
on the question is in order, I ask permission of
the House to print some remarks which I in-
tended to deliver on the subject.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
[The speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. WRIGHT moved that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until the
first Monday in December next.
The SPEAKER stated the motion was not
in order as the main question had been ordered
to be now put.
The question recurred on Mr. Schexck's sub-
stitute.
Mr. SOFTEN CK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 29. nays 131, not voting
23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bromwell, Bundy,Rea-
der W.Olarke, Sidney Clarke, Darling, Davis, Delrecs
Parnsworth, Abner 0. Harding, Hayes, Ilill, Chester
D. Hubbard, Jsimes R. Fhibboll, .Tames Humphrey,
lngersoll, Kuykendall, William Lawrence, Mar-
shall, McCullough, Miller, Orth, Pike, Ross, Schenck,
Shellabargor, Sloan, Thornton, and Robert T. Van
Hovn—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blame, Blow,
Boutwcll, Boycr, Bi andegee, Brooks, Broomall,Buck-
land, Chnnler, Cobb, Colliding, Cook, Cullom. Dawes,
Dawson, Delano, Doming, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly,
Ecklcy, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farquhar, Kerry,
Einek, Garfield, Grider, Giinncll, Uriswold, Hale,
Aaion Hauling, Harris, llait, Ilogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotehkiss, Amabel W. Hubbard, Dennis Hub-
hard, John 11. llubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Jamcs M. H uinphrey, Jonckcs, Johnson, J ulian,
Kasson.-Kelley, Kelso,Kerr,Keteham.Lailin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, Lc Blond, Longyear, Lynch,
Marston, Marvin, MeClurg, Mclndoe, McKec, Mer-
eur, Mooihead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
Niblaok, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Paine,Patterson,
Pcrham, Phelps, Plants, Pomcroy, Price, Samuel J.
Randall, William II. Randall, Alex. H. Rice, John
11. Rieo, Hitter, Rogers, Rollins, Sawyer, Seofield,
Shanklin, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Strouse,
Tabor, Tnvlor, Thayer, Ernncis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Trimble, Upj-on, Van Acmam, Burt Van
Horn, Voorhoe^, Wnifl, Warner, Elihu B. Wa«h-
burne, William B. Washburn, Wclkcr, Wentworth,
Whaley, Williams, James E. Wilson, Stephen E. Wil-
son, Windom, and Wright—131.
NOT VO'LING—Messrs. Aneona, Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Culver, Driggs, Dumont, Glossbrcnncr,
C4oodyc.iv, Henderson, Higby, Jones, Loan, McRuer,
Newell, Radford, Raymond, Bitter, Rousseau, Sit-
greaves, Stillwell, Trowbridge, Winneld, and Wood-
bridge—23.
So the substitute was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. J OHNSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
GLOssjjiiKNNEiij was detained from the House
by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The joint resolution, as modified by the joint
committee, was then ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion should be taken by yeas and nays, as it
requires a two-third vote under the Constitu-
tion, and the Chair would not like to decide on
its own count whether there were two thirds
voting in the affirmative or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the reading of
the joint resolution.
The Clerk read the joint resolution.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
the joint resolution as modified by the commit-
tee ; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
120, nays 46, not voting 16; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwcll, Brandegee, Bronvwoll, Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,Cobb 
Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Defiees, Delano, Deniing, Dixon, Donnelly, Eclcley,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield,
Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Ilotelikiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Hum-
phrey, Ingcrsoll, Julian, Kasson,Kelley, Kelso, Ket-
cham, Ku> kendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Longvear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin,
MeClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomcroy,
Price, Alexander II. Rice, John II. llicc, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Shcllabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stillwell, Tha>er, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson, Van Acmam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, War-
ner, .Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Wclker, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bergen, Boycr, Brooks.
Chanler, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Eliot, Finck,
Grider, Hale.Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan, Edwin
N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson,
Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall,McCulIough, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Rittcr, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith, Strouso,
Tabcr, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Voorhocs, Wha-
lc.v, and Wright—46.  
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Culver, Driggs, Dumont, Glossbrennor, Goodyear,
Henderson, Iligby, Jones, Loan, McRuer, Newell,
Radford, Trowbridge, and Winfield—16.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, I declare the joint resolution
to have been adopted.
Mr. LONGYEAR, duringtheroll-call, stated
that his colleague, Mr. Deiggs, was absent on
leave.
Mr.-CONKLING. I move that the House
reconsider the vote by which the joint, resolution
was adopted, and to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
holding an evening session.
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask now unanimous
consent to take a recess and have an evening
session? Last evening there was a failure.
Some gentlemen were ready and others were
not.
Mr. BROOKS. With the understanding that
no business bo done?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly; to have discus-
sion only on the President's message.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
freedjikn's bureau.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the special order, being Senate bill No. 60,
to enlarge the powers of the Freedmcn's Bu-
reau, with certain amendments reported in the
nature of a substitute from the select commit-
tee on the Freedmcn's Bureau, Mr. Dawson
being entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed
to the bill under considei'ation in all its provis-
ions, and I trust that before 1 have concluded
my remarks I shall have furnished some rea-
sons why it should not become a law.
In venturing to claim the attention of the
House and speak to the state of the nation, I
feel it a circumstance demanding my first and
most grateful recognition that we are here onee
more to legislate for a united country. Next
to the overthrow of the Government and the
ruin of the country, the greatest of national
calamities is a great civil war. With the legions
of miseries which hang around the march of
hostile armies four years of carnage had made
us so familiar that we had begun to grow cal-
