122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Senate;
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
The true republican principle requires that as
large a portion of the people, as is consistent
with the public good, shall be permitted to vote.
All I contend for is that our fathers supposed
the States would preserve the true theory, and
in (hat belief left the control of the subject with
them. They have abused the power. It is
true that but few of the original thirteen denied
suffrage to free blacks.' But if any of them de-
nied it, my friend's theory is upset, for all the
States were -claimed as republican States by
the fathers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The western States
hare always denied it.
Mr. HENDERSON. But I am speaking of
the original thirteen, because it is of their in-
stitutions that the framers of the Constitution
spoke most.
Mr. President, it was my intention to show
that the constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery gives no sanction to this bill; bat I
have been so long detained by interruptions,
leadingmc into a course of thought not antici-
pated and causing me to repeat myself again
and again, I shall pass it by with a simple
remark. Slavery or involuntary servitude is a
condition in which the slave has no will of his
own. He belongs to another; maybe com-
pelled to labor without wages. He may be
sold against his will, and the title to his person
pass to another. The right, to control his per-
son and labor passes by inheritance. His pos-
terity follow his condition. He can own no
property. Whatever may be acquired by him
passes and belongs to his owner. It is a con-
dition well known and understood in this coun-
try. That well-known relation of master and
slave is now abolished. It was the function of
the constitutional amendment to destroy and
break up forever that relation. In my judg-
ment it goes no further. It declares that sla-
very or involuntary servitude, except for crime,
shall not &xist. in the United States, and then
confers on Congress the power to enforce the
provision by appropriate legislation. From
this the Senator and others deduce the power
to confer the suffrage by act of Congress. It
is not claimed that the negro is not technically
free, but it is said he cannot maintain his free-
dom without thesuffrage, and therefore Congress
may adopt any measures necessary to enforce his
freedom. This argument makes the discretion
of Congress the only limit of its power in the
employment of means to maintain and per-
petuate his freedom. Vv ere this true, Congress
might deem it necessary to educate him, and
not only educate, but confer a classical educa-
tion. In the judgment of many, an education,
moral and intellectual, is as neccssary to free-
dom as the ballot itself; but when this isgiven
it may be fonud that freedom is an empty name
without competency. A homestead may be
given, and if a homestead be found useless un-
til it is sufficiently stocked, Congress may pro-
ceed to furnish the means to stock it. Again,
if freedom cannot be maintained without the
ballot, then woman must enjoy it or be reduced
to slavery. The argument, though on the side
ol mercy, and welling up from a pure and good
fountain, I think is untenable 
Mr. WADE. I wish to put a question if the
Senator is willing.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. Before he passes from this
part of the subject, I wish to suggest to the
Senator that I am not quite clear m my mind
that we have not the power to legislate under
the amended Constitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. To legislate suffrage?
Mr. WADE. To legislate suffrage by an act
of Congress. Slavery is abolished by the eon.
stitutional amendment, and the second clause
is that Congress may enforce that by appro-
priate legislation.
Mr. HENDERSON. The meaning of that,
then, is that nobody is free or can be free in
the States unless he has the suffrage.
Mr. WADE. I only want to state it, and as
the Senator has thought much on the subject,
I wish him to answer this: I understand the
construction that the courts have put upon the
Constitution is'that when a power is granted
in the Constitution, the means to accomplish it
are given with it, and that Congress is not re-
stricted to any particular mode of indicating
the constitutional proposition unless the Con-
stitution itself has prescribed the means. Now,
we are to free the slaves. Suppose a majority
of Congress believe that the only way to secure
that freedom and make it effectual is by grant-
ing the franchise to the whole population there,
have we no right to do it? We are to enforce
or guaranty their freedom. Now, suppose that
a majority of us come to the conclusion that
the only way to do that and make it secure is
by_ giving the franchise to all, have we not the
power to do it? We are to effect it in some
way, and the Constitution does not prescribe
or restrict us to any particular mode. I should
like to hear that position answered.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the whole sub-
ject I have been discussing. It seems the Sen-
ator disagrees with me. I cannot help it. I
wish we could think alike. Perhaps I had bet-
ter think with him than he with me. It might
be better for the country, because his thoughts
are generally better than mine; but his ques-
tion involves the whole subject at issue, and to
answer it would be to go over all I have said.
Our Constitution is a written instrument. Con-
gress can exercise no powers unless they arc
delegated. If implied powers are as broad as
our discretion, our discretion may be as unlim-
ited as the caprices of tyranny itself. Implied
powers must be necessary to accomplish the
end. The Senator talks about freedom and
defines the word for himself. I might possibly
define it a little differently; but the word free-
dom is not used in the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery. _ The Constitution is, that
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, ex-
cept for crime, shall exist in the United States;
and the second clause of it is, that Congress
shall have power by appropriate legislation to
enforce the provision. There is not the word
"freedom" in it. Now, I think that persons
may be neither in slavery nor involuntary ser-
vitude, who are yet denied the suffrage, in the
respective States. If that be not true, every
minor and every woman under twenty-one years
of age in the State of Ohio is a slave. The ne-
gro is now free. To exercise implied powers
to clothe that freedom with certain advantages,
in my judgment, is a different thing.
Mr. WADE. One moment. I pereeivethat
some of those who have argued this matter have
considered that the franchise was freedom.
They are synonymous terms in the minds of
many. I do not understand them to be so.
Undoubtedly a man may be free and not have
the_ right to vote; but can that freedom be guar-
antied and secured and enforced in a hostile
community unless you give him that right?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will admit the Sen-
ator's position for the argument's sake, but
then the question recurs, how shall the suffrage
be secured? The suffrage may, in my judg-
ment and in his, bo the best means of secur-
ing independence, education, and other bless-
ings belonging to a state of freedom.
Mr. SUMNER. Then have wenotthepower?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am talking about
the power. I do not doubt that we have the
power to propose a constitutional amendment,
and if adopted the object will be accomplished.
Believing that four and a half million peo-
ple cannot be kept in peace without a voice in
the making of the laws to govern them, I am
seeding to give them that voice. The Senator
from Massachusetts thinks it can bo done in a
certain way. _ I think it cannot. This is all of
it._ If his bill be adopted the courts may say
it is void; I think they will; and we shall be
where we commenced. If the amendment be
adopted, it will be an assured advance in civ-
ilization, as well as in governmental reform.
Mr. SUMNER. May I remind my friend of
the decision of the Supreme Court on two most
solemn occasions in two of the best considered
judgments that you find in our reports ? They
have laid down the rule to govern this very
case. They have conceded to Congress the
full discretion with regard to the means to be
employed in carrying out any of its powers.
There is no court, there is no branch of the
Government, that can sit in judgment on Con-
gress, when, in its discretion, it thinks best to
exercise a power.
Mr. HENDERSON. You allude, of course,
to the McCulloch case.
Mr SUMNER. The McCulloch case and
the case of Hunter vs. Martin.
Mr. HENDERSON. With all deference to
the honorable Senator, I must now protest
against those oft-quoted decisions being pub-
lished again in this spcech. I am, perhaps, the
best-natured man in the world, but I cannot
agree to publish in pamphlet form the opinions
even of Chief Justice Marshall. If I publish
this speech at all, I must publish with'it, many
able speeches of many Senators. They must
be satisfied with their speeches alone. I am
too poor to include the decisions of the Su-
preme Court. [Laughter.] The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] suggests that I
have a right to cut them out. That will not do.
It would be unjust to myself and equally unjust
to others. I have been so kindly treated that
I dislike to complain, but interruptions have
forced me from the proper order of ray remarks,
and compelled me to trespass too long on the
patience of the Senate. If let alone, I should
soon have nothing more to say and might stop.
Now, Mr. President, a few words in favor of
my own proposition and I have done. I pro-
pose to make the State governments repub-
lican in fact, as they are in theory. The States
now have the power and do exclude the negroes
for no other reason than that of color. If the
negro is equally competent and equally devoted
to the Government as the Celt, the Saxon, or
the Englishman, why should he not vote? If
he pays his taxes, works the roads, repels for-
eign invasion with his mnsket, assists in sup-
pressing insurrections, fells the forest, tills the
soil, builds cities, and erects churches, what
more shall he do to give him the simple right of
saying he must be only equal in these burdens,
and not oppressed? "My proposition is put in
the least offensive form. It respects the tradi-
tionary right of the States to prescribe the qual-
ifications of voters. It does not require that
the ignorant and unlettered negro shall vote.
Its words are simply that "no State, in pre-
scribing the qualifications requisite for electors
therein, shall discriminate against any person
on account of race or color.'' The States may
yet prescribe an educational or property test,
but any such test shall apply to white and'black
alike. If the black man be excluded because
he is uneducated, the uneducated white man
must be excluded too. If a property test bo
adopted for the negro, as in New l'ork, the
same test must apply to the white man. It
reaches all the States, and not a few on]v. in its
operation. I confess that, so far as T am per-
sonally concerned, I would go still further and
put other limitations on thepower of the States
m regard to suffrage. But Senators have ex-
pressed so much distrust that even this prop-
osition cannot succeed. I have concluded to
present it in a form the least objectionable in
which I could frame it. if will be observed
that this amendment, if adopted, will not pre-
vent the State Legislatures from fixing official
qualifications. rJ hey may prevent a negro from
holding any office whatever under the State or-
ganization. It is a singular fact, however, that
to-day, under the Federal Constitution, a negro
may be elected President, United States Sen-
ator, or a member of the lower branch of Con-
^3S'. n l'lat instrument 110 qualification for
otUee is prescribed which rejects the negro. The
white man, not native born, may not be Prcsi-
