1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Golden (3ate. It was proved most conclu-
sively that the bonds were burnt up -when that
steamship was lost. The bill passed the House
and it afterward passed the Senate.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
advocated the passage of the bill here. It was
not long after the bill had been passed that my
friend brought in here a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury stating that those very
bonds, which had been proved so conclusively
to have been lost, had been presented for re-
demption at the Treasury Department; and we
passed a bill here, on the strength of the state-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to
repeal that law; but I believe that bill never
passed the Senate, and it is very likely that the
two sets of bonds are out.
Mr. DAliLING. The gentleman from Illi-
nois docs not understand this case exactly.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hardly
know how this bill got to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. It is one of those cases which
should certainly have gone to the Committee
of Claims, who have jurisdiction of this sub-
ject, and I am told are considering this very
question. Now, I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he permit his bill to be
referred to the Committee of Claims, and let
them examine the whole subject. We must
have some general rule on which we are to act
in all such cases.
Mr. DARLING. Permit me to explain.
Mr. WASHBIJRNE, of Illinois. Certainly;
I only spoke of the bill as it was read from the
Clerk's desk. There may be something differ-
ent behind it.
Mr. DARLING. This case is entirely dif-
ferent from the one referred to by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe.] This
paymaster was compelled to go from a vessel
to which he was attached to the flag-ship to
receive money from the fleet paymaster to pay
off the men of his vessel. While in the dis-
charge of that duty his boat was swamped, a
number of the erew were drowned, and he and
the captain rescued in a drowning condition.
The money which he had in bis coat pocket was
lost, together with the coat. Bat lie is charged
on the books of the Department with the amount
lost, and this bill is intended merely to relieve
him from that charge, and to credit his account
with the money thus lost while in the discharge
of his duty without fault on his part. It is
simply a proposition to wipe out the charge
against him of $500 in money, which was lost
by reason of this calamity.
Mr. WASIIBCJRNE, of Illinois. Where is
the proof of the loss?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield to mc for a moment?
Mr. DARLING. I will.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I desire to ask
the attention of some committee, whatever one
may have the matter in charge, to a subject
kindred to this, perhaps identical with it. A
case has occurred in my own State" in which a
man presents at the Treasury of the United
States parts of mutilated bonds; those parts
showing the numbers of the bonds, so as to
exclude all possibility-of duplicating them, or
of fraud in legard to the matter.
Mr. DARLING. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. RHEi.i.ABAKGEn] is discussing a matter
which is foreign to the subject now before the
House. If the gentleman has any explanation
to make in regard to this particular case, I have
no objection to hearing him.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I desire to add but
one sentence to what I have already said. Nov/,
in the ease I have described, where parts of
bonds arc presented to the Treasury, showing
that they have been mutilated and destroyed,
the law is now such that they cannot be reissued,
and the loss falls upon the citizen. And I hope
that the committee having charge of the reso-
lution upon that subject which I submitted a few
days since will report a bill to meet that diffi-
culty.
Mr. DARLING. I do not see that the case
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabargek] has anything to do with the
one now under consideration. This is a case
which can be met only by passing a private
bill. In regard to the evidence of the loss,
there is the testimony of officers of the fleet
who saw the boat capsized, saw the men strug-
gling in the water, and assisted in saving those
who were rescued. There is the certificate
of the fleet paymaster that he paid Mr. Hol-
land the sum of $2,500. It appears that $2,000
of the money he handed over to the captain,
and that amount was fortunately saved; but the
rest of the money, $500, he put into the pocket
of his own coat, and the coat and money, were
both lost.
Mr. BLAINE. The papers which accom-
panies the claim set forth that fact
Mr. DAWES. 1 desire to say tlat in pass-
ing these private bills for relief, if there is no
general bill proposed, each one should be ac-
companied by a statement of facts in the form
of a report.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I de-
sire to state that the Committee of Claims have
half a dozen cases of this kind before them, in
relation to bonds of all descriptions destroyed
under different circumstances. The committee
have been endeavoring to provide some means
by which some general law could be passed to
meet these cases. I regret that any individual
case should be brought forward in this manner,
without a written report accompanying it, thus
establishing what may be considered a prece-
dent.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the private cases to
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Washburn] has referred are cases whore parties
have lost bonds and applied to the Government
for the reissue of bonds to make good their
losses. This case is entirely a different matter;
the case of a paymaster who lost money of the
Government in his possession by an accident
over which he had no control. It is not pro-
posed to take money out of the Treasury, but
simply to relievo him from this amount now
charged against him on the "books of the De-
partment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not wish to say anything against this particu-
lar case. But the cases to which I have re-
ferred are those of collectors, paymasters,
quartermasters, and officers of all sorts who
have met with these losses.
Mr. DARLING. I now call for the previous
question.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded, but that
this case will go to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Darlixg] withdraw his call for the
previous question for a moment?
Mr. DARLING. I will.
Mr. PIKE. This bill provides simply that
the proper accounting officer of the Treasury
shall credit this officer with this amount when
satisfactory proof of the loss shall be presented ;
so that the Government is amply protected.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from New
York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DARLING. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I am not op-
posed to this bill; on the contrary, if the facts
are as stated, I think the allowance should be
made. But it seems to mc that the case should
be subjected to the scrutiny of the Committee
of Claims. I wish that the gentleman from
New York would yield to me to move the
reference of the hill to that committee.
Mr. DARLING. I cannot do that.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from New York
will permit me to say to the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] that this is simply a
question as to the settlement of the accounts
of this officer with the Government. The ac-
counting officer will not make the allowance
except upon satisfactory proof.
Mr. PAINE. 1 understand that; but never-
theless it is a case in which the Government
may possiblylose a large sum of monev ; and I
think it ought to go to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PIKE. This is similarto many bills which
have heretofore been passed, and which have
in no instance been referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. PAINE. I trust that the case will be
referred to the Committee of Claims, and'that
we shall have a full report from that committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I see no propriety in
referring this case to the Committee of Claims.
I suppose that the Committee on Naval Affairs,
is entirely competent to investigate a case of
this kind, pertaining to the settlement of the
accounts of a naval officer. I know that it has
been the custom of the Committee on Military •
A flairs to examine and report upon similar cases
in reference to the settlement of the acoounts
of military officers. I remember distinctly that
while a member of that committee I reported
several bills authorizing the accounting officers,
in settling accounts of military affairs, to make
allowance for losses'of this kind.
Mr. BLAINE. The House this morning
passed, with the approval of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washbukne,] a bill provid-
ing for a precisely similar case, except that in
that case the amount was $200,000, and in this
it is $500.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. That bill
had a very stringent proviso.
_ Mr. BLAINE. No more stringent than the
proviso in this bill.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Tn that
case there was a written report, and there was
clear proof that the money had been lost. There
is nothing here bat a mere certificate; the claim
is not even supported by an oath.
Mr. BLAINE. The proof is just as ample
in this case as in the other.
Mr. DARLING. Gentlemen seem to mis-
apprehend this case entirely. The bill simply
authorizes theproperaccountingoffieerto credit
this officer with a balance of $500, which amount
was unavoidably lost while he was in the dis-
charge of his duly.
I renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 50, noes 38; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, -under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Darling, and Mr.
Wakiibuune of Illinois.
The House divided: and the tellers reported
—ayes 5G, noes 42.'
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; which .was
on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. PIKE. I find, Mr. Speaker, that I was
mistaken. The bill does not contain the pro-
viso which I thought it did.
Mr. WASHBOliNE, oflllinois. The House
voted under a misapprehension.
Mr. PIKE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to;
and the question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previoas question.
Mr. DARLING. I now withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, in order that
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] may
offer an amendment.
Mr. PIlvE. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso :
Provided, That satisfactory proof of the loss of the
same be presented to tho. Fourth Auditor.
Mr. \YA SHBUIiNE, of Illinois. I move
the following amendment:
Provided, That the final order for the allowance of
the said credit shall not he made until the whoxo
subject connected with said alleged loss shall be fully
investigated by the Fourth Auditor and fully certi-
fied to.
Mr. PIKE. I accept that, and demand the
previous question. _ -
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
groSoed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
