1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2568
compelled, after an examination, to offer an
amendment to -allow the building of a bridge
also at La Crosse, across the river. I shall not
make any objection to this amendment if it
provides for the same sized spans which were
required in the bill for bridges at Hannibal and
Quincy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported bythe com-
mittee, to strike out the second section of the
bill and insert a substitute in lieu thereof,
which has been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now ask that this bill
be postponed until to-morrow ; and I make a
motion to that effect. I have not had, and I do
not know that my colleague has had, an oppor-
tunity to look carefully into this matter. It
very much affects Wisconsin. We will at the
earliest opportunity consult in relation to it
and look into the bill, and as I have already
stated we may perhaps desire to submit the
amendment to which I have referred.
Mr. NORTON. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will not persist in his motion to post-
pone the bill, certainly not with a view to offer
an amendment providing for the building of a
bridge at La Crosse. That is an entirely sep-
arate bridge connecting separate and distinct
roads. There will be certainly no objection on
our part to the passage of a separate bill for
the building of a bridge at La Crosse, but it
seems to me there can be no propriety or neces-
sity for adding it as an amendment to this bill.
This bill is reported from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads with the same pro-
visions as to details, the draw, and other matters
of construction, that were contained in the bill
passed a short time since for the building of a
bridge at Quiney. I hope the Senator will not
insist on his motion. If he desires the con-
struction of a bridge at La Crosse, wo certainly
shall ^make no objection to a bill for that
purpose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my hon-
orable friend from Minnesota that I have not
given very much attention to this subject, but
it has been stated to me that the State of
Wisconsin, when application was made to the
Legislature, refused to grant to a company the
right to build a bridge at the point which is
referred to in this bill. At the present time
there is no railroad in Wisconsin which reaches
the Mississippi river at this point. The great
railroad which reaches across our State, the
most northern "road, reaches the river at La
Crosse. Opposite the Mississippi river at La
Crosse, as I understand, a railroad is already in
progress which now extends, I think, into Min-
nesota some twenty or thirty miles from the
river, and there is the point where two rail-
roads would communicate if they had abridge.
But at this point, Winona, there is. as I under-
stand, only a road, commenced at Winona run-
ning westward into the State of Minnesota.
There is not yet any railroad in Wisconsin
reaching the river opposite to Winona.
Mr. HENDERSON. How far is that from
La Crosse? .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Aboutfortymilesabove
La Crosse.
Mr. HOWE. Twenty-nine miles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By the river I think
it is forty miles; perhaps in a direct line it is
not more than twenty-nine. I hope my friend
from Minnesota will consent to let this" bill go
over. I have no disposition to delay or pre-
vent action upon it, but I desire that my col-
league and myself shall have an opportunity
to look into it, which, I confess, I have not as
yet had the opportunity to do.
Mr. NORTON. I have no objection to the
bill going over, as the unfinished business, so
that it can come up to-morrow. It is very im-
portant that thisbill should pass, for the reason
that the company who ask for the privilege of
building this bridge propose to build the road
on the east side of the river. There are now
some seventy miles of road running west of the
river, but there is a distance of about twenty-
eight miles to build on the east side of the
river, which they propose to build this summer,
and it is important that they should have the
authority to erect this bridge. If the bill can
go over so that it can come up to-morrow as
the unfinished business, I shall not object.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make a motion which
will allow the bill now pending to go over, sub-
stituting another for the consideration of the
Senate. I move that the Senate now postpone
the pending and all other orders, and proceed
with the consideration of House bill No. 11.
I think we can finish that to-day, if we take
it up.
Mr. MORRTLL. I desire to take up a bill
that is very important, and I appeal to the
Senator to allow me to do so. It is a bill to
prevent smuggling, which it is important should
be considered as soon as possible.
Mr. SUMNER. I know the importance of
the Senator's bill, but I submit that we ought
not to enter upon that until we have disposed
of this little bill; it is a very short bill.
Mr. MORRILL. As the Senator has not
the special charge of the bill which he moves
to take up, I cannot appeal to him; but I had
a conversation this morning with the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, who has the
special charge of it, and obtained his consent,
I thought, to proceed now with the bill to which
I have referred and in which he is vastly more
interested than I am. It is a bill that ought
to be considered. It is a bill to prevent smug-
gling. The public service is suffering, I am
told, for tlie want of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we can dispose of
the other bill to-day.
Mr. MORRILL. I think it very likely you
can, butwe can dispose of this also. The Sen-
ator's bill has passed the other House, and
only needs the consideration of the Senate,
while this bill has received the consideration
of neither House. It is very much demanded,
I am told, by the Treasury Department. It is
a bill that lias occupied a good deal of the
time of the Department and of the committee,
and certainly needs the consideration of this
body at the present time. I thought I had the
consent of the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee who takes an interest in the Senator's
bill, to proceed with this. I suggest to the
Senator that we can vote upon that bill at
almost any time, and then it will be concluded,
while this bill is in its incipiency and requires
tlie action of both bodies. I hope my friend
will allow this bill to be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of the bill
which the Senator has in charge, but I under-
stand he is not in favor of the bill which I now
move to take up.
Mr. MORRILL. Not exactly.
Mr. SUMNER. Therefore we are not on a
perfect equality. I am disposed to be more
liberal to him than he is to me. It seems to
me, therefore, the Senator rather takes an
unfair advantage in pressing against me a bill
which lie knows I am in favor of when he him-
self is against the bill that I wish to have con-
sidered. I think, as we have had the bill which
I move to take up under consideration so many
days, we had better take it up to-day and finish
it, and make an end of it.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think you ought
to antagonize that bill against this.
Mr. SUMNER. I know vou are against the
bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I will try the question,
and if the Senate say so, very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to postpone the present and all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 11) to facilitate commercial,
postal, and military communication among tlie
several States.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that the
two bills now antagonized against each other
are the Camden and Amboy bill, proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, and the bill
that comes from the Treasury Department to
prevent smuggling on the frontier?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, air.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, those in favor of the
bill from the Treasury Department will vota
" nay."
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no ; that is not so ; I
am in favor of that bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The motion is to post-
pone the Mississippi bridge bill, and the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts moves t<J take up this
Camden and Amboy bill, and the Senator from
Maine moves to take up the bill to prevent
smuggling. Now, cannot the question be
divided, and let it lie taken first on the motion
to postpone, and then on the motion to take
up? I ask for a division of the question, so
that the vote may first be had on postponing
the Mississippi bridge bill; and then the ques-
tion will arise which we will take uj5, the
Camden and Amboy bill or the bill to prevent
smuggling.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope my friend from
Massachusetts will withdraw his motion for the
present and let us pass this bill for the preven-
tion of smuggling. It is an important bill and
will excite no discussion and will not occupy
much time ; and then 1 will vote with the Sen-
ator to take up his bill. I do not'want to vote
against him; and I hope he will take this
course. The bill of the Senator from Maine
will not occupy much time, and it is public busi-
ness that ought to be attended to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sug-
gestion that the motion be divided, in the opin-
ion of the Chair cannot be granted, inasmuch
as the question is not one that can be divided.
The motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
was to postpone the present and all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of a given
bill. The motion is not susceptible of division,
in the opinion of the Chair, in the manner in
which it now comes before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. At the suggestion of a friend
of the bill that I wish to bring forward, fol-
lowing his suggestion, somewhat against my
own judgment; I withdraw my motion; but I
wish it understood that I shall renew it here-
after.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ' The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdraws his motion,
and the question now is on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill before tne Senate to
authorize tlie building of a bridge across the
Mississippi until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PREVENTION OP SMUGGLING.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 222, further to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The bill was read at length.
The PRESIDENT pro temgpre. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Commerce
will be read.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senate will indulge
me, I will make a general statement in regard
to this bill, as perhaps I ought to do before the
amendments are acted upon. This measure
was prepared at the Treasury Department;
and though the details are pretty extensive,
the changes in the law are not very radical,
and perhaps they will all be comprehended in
a general statement that the provisions are
intended to alter the several statutes bearing
upon the question of smuggling, from 1791
down to the present time. Most of those stat-
utes are not embodied in this act, and it does
not profess to be a revision of that system, but
is amendatory of the law touching the general
subject of the acts to prevent smuggling, and
there are sundrj' new provisions. These new
provisions apply chiefly to the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers, and are
suggested by the relations which have sprung
up in a few years past between the British
Provinces on this continent and that region
of our country.
The bill does not seek to change particularly
