1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
lous under the repeated exhibition. Death on
the most extended scale, numbering its victims
by thousands, inflicted by the bullet, by disease,
and by famine; mutilation in every horrid form;
households stricken by the loss of friends, and
under (he dark shadow of ineonsolate grief—
these are but a few of the sad incidents to war,
and most of all to war between brethren.
For this propitious result I deem it proper to
render, with prompt and unfaltering heartiness,
my tribute of praise to that valor, skill, and
endurance of our armies which have been ex-
hibited since the outbreak of the rebellion. It
is a matter of common pride, and not of party
triumph, that through all the trials of the war
order in general prevailed in the North. Sup-
ported by the love of country, the people of the
North have patiently borne, in the invasion of
their rights of person and property, and in new
modes of trial, flagrant abuses of power.
In common with the great party to which I
belong, I have differed from the directors of our
national councils as to the original necessity for
the war ; as to its purposes when undertaken ;
as to the measures adopted for securing the pro-
posed results ; and to the necessity of protract-
ing the struggle, at such frightful expenditure
of blood and treasure, to its recent close. I
have heretofore declared my faith in the effi-
cacy of a different policy, in securing, at an
early day, every legitimate and proper result;
and I am still of opinion that, if the policy of
peace upon the constitutional basis had been
assented to, peace might have been had two
years earlier, with a saving of the horrible blood-
shed which we have witnessed since, involving
aquarterof a million lives ; with asavingofone
half the war debt, and of that terrible and al-
most irreparable destruction of property, and
that political and social disorganization whichare
the legacies entailed by the war upon the states-
men of to-day. But peace, though gained even
at such tremendous sacrifices, is yet not the less
precious, not the less grateful. But now that
the war has reached its close, it appears to me
that the country, with a view to the preserva-
tion of everything valuable in our institutions,
had never more need of calm and enlightened
action on the part of its rulers. In returning
to that normal condition from which we were
so rudely jostled by late occurrences, it is
incumbent on us to meet the new condition
of things with a spirit alike tenacious of estab-
lished principles, and averse to precipitate
change under the imputed character of reform.
We must see to it that the grand features of our
political system, conceived in such wisdom by
the fathers, and the liberties of the American
citizen, inherited mainly from our ancestors,
may be preserved in their purity and vigor,
without any taint of feebleness or stain upon
their luster.
T do not say that it is entirely practicable to
rid ourselves of partisan prejudice, but we must
do so if we would see our conclusions verified
by time. The petty passions of the hour must
be discarded, when our deliberations are to
affect not only the present, but unborn genera-
tions. We may all concede to our extremest
opponents the merit of upright intentions ; but
we are equally to remember, that well-inten-
tioned ignorance has filled the world with suf-
fering. This is a truth emblazoned, in melan-
choly characters, upon every page of history.
Hence the necessity, in a great juncture like the
present, of obtaining full and correct informa-
tion upon the issues which we have to settle;
of contemplating with such breadth of vision,
the material facts of the situation, as shall on-
able us truly to apprehend their bearings and
relations. For the views which I now advance
I assume no other merit than that of a careful,
earnest, and, so far as I am conscious, of a dis-
interested examination of the subjects which
are now the center of the common interest.
The close of the war, then, finds us sur-
rounded with a set of questions of the highest
importance. The 1rue theory of our Govern-
ment often announced, and often, alas! lost
sight of, must be perseveringly reasserted and
maintained. A solution must be found for the
problem of our national debt and finances, so
that the country may be relieved of its burdens,
and again enjoy a currency of intrinsic value,
as contemplated by the Constitution. Our do-
mestic and foreign trade must be settled upon
the basis of sound economical principles, and
restored to those harmonizing and fructifying
channels from which unhappy events have
diverted them. The privileges and immunities
of the American citizen must be so clearly
defined that they ma3' be secure from usurpa-
tion in war as well as in peace. The limits of
martial law must be settled with such distinct-
ness that it may not be permitted to supplant
the civil, and that it may not be stretched by
the hand of power to partisan purposes and
individual oppression. The Union must be
restored upon the constitutional basis of abso-
lute and perfect equality of the States. The
restoration should be immediate and the re-
union cordial. The dignity of the country,
as well as its safety, must further be supported
by the unqualified reassertion of the Monroe
doctrine.
It would be a fatal error to suppose that now
that the war lias been concluded under a He-
publican Administration the popular seal has
been set upon the Federal theory of consolida-
tion. Those who entertain this idea must re-
member that the popular support of the war
was prompted by the determination to preserve
the integrity of the Union. No sanction was
thereby intended of any change in the Consti-
tution. either in letter or by construction.
I maintain, sir. and it has ever been main-
tained by the Democratic party, thatthe State-
rights doctrines, properly stated, present the
true theory of the Government. The question
arose in the contest between Jefferson and
Adams in 1801, and the election of Mr. Jeffer-
son was a popular vindication of these doctrines
as against the Hamiltonian theory of central-
ization supported by Mr. Adams.
The Federal idea, which it was attempted to
realize by a latitudinanan construction of the
Constitution, was that of a consolidated system,
of government, in which the undelegated pow-
ers of the States were to be absorbed, and the
spirit of monarchy to bo thus iufused into our
democratic lorms. The assumption by the cen-
tral power of the disposition of those detahs
which the Constitution left to the States was to
operate, as far as the States were concerned,
as a consolidated despotism. It was the favor-
ite tenet of the Federal faith that foice or in-
terest were the only successful means of gov-
erning men. Force being excluded by the na-
ture of the case, the resort was necessarily to
the influences of corruption ; and Government
patronage, in its multifarious branches and de-
tails, was to crown the execution of the plan.
As far as Hamilton's influence extended, and
it was very potent, this turn had been given to
the poliey of the first Administration under
Washington. Hence the bitterness with which
they contested every inch of debatable ground.
Historically, and in the light of the simple facts,
there could be no doubt of the correctness of
the Democratic view.
The States or colonies had been independent
of each other before the Revolution, each owing
allegiance only to the British Crown. When by
the success of the ilevolution that allegiance
became severed, the sovereignty, which before
resided in the monarch, reverted to each inde-
pendent community or State. In acceding to
the new Government, the States acted upon
their own separate responsibilities as sovereign-
ties, and not by a simullaiieous act of the peo-
ple of all the States as individuals. hen. then,
we seek to ascertain the kind of Government
which they adopted, we have only to turn to the
provisions of the charter by which they agreed
to be bound. We there find that they surren-
dered the control, as separate communities, over
certain subjects, the disposition of which they
determined to be more wisely vested in a cen-
tral Government. In so doing, the sovereignty
of the peoples of the several States and their
allegiance became a divided one. The sover-
eigntyywithin the sphere of the granted powers,
was in the central Government, and allegiance
due to it within that sphere. As to the powers
not specifically granted in the charter, they
remained with the States, in which they had al-
ways beenf constituting the State sovereignty,
which rightfully claims, within the sphere of the
reserved or ungranted powers, the allegiance
and rightful obedience of every citizen within
their respective territories.
This was the true Democratic doctrine in the
days of Jefferson, and it is the true Democratic
doctrine now. Extreme men of the Federal
school, from that day to this, have ignored State
rights, while extreme men of the opposite view
have repudiated the authority of the central
Government in cases where it properly exists.
Je'fferson assumed his position between these
two extremes of consolidation and secession.
In that "golden mean" he planted the party of
which he was the illustrious founder, and there
it has ever since remained. His policy was con-
servative alike oftheconstitutioualpowers of the
ccntral Government and of those of he States,
and opposed to the extreme Federalists and
extreme State sovereignty men.
'The Virginia and Kentucky resolutions of
1798, which embody the doctrine of State rights,
wers commented upon by President Johnson
in his able speech in the Senate in 18G1. He
stated with fidelity their true history and mean-
ing. _ _ -
The views of the extreme State-sovereignty
men, as reduced to practice in the act of seces-
sion, have been suppressed by physical force,
and the just authority of the Government has
been successfully and rightfully reestablished.
But the doctrine of State rights is in nowise
affected by the result. It remains the only true
and stable foundation of our republican system.
State rights comprehend that portion of the
State sovereignty not delegated by the Consti-
tution to the Federal Government, and the two
expressions are of coextensive and identical im-
port. Thatthe States are sovereign in this sense;
that is as possessing all the undelegated powers
of sovereignty, it is late in the day to question.
The Union was thus the result of mutual con-
cession ; and from the testimony of its founders
could not have been formed in any other way.
The country although relieved by the war is
without a reliable currency. Gold, as the con-
stitutional standard of value, has been departed
from, and a currency immensely inflated based
on the national debt has taken its place. It
has further to .struggle with the great and gall-
ing evils induccd by the contraction of a war
debt so vast that the mind sinks in the effort to
grasp its magnitude. Instead of adhering to
a currency of the constitutional standard, the
precious metals or paper convertible into them
at the will of the holder, resort was had to paper
which represented no value in the possession
of the Government, which was inconvertible,
and represented only so much public indebted-
ness.
It could not have been through ignorance that
Mr. Chase, the financial minister, inaugurated
this expedient at the sacrifice of the constitu-
tional currency by the introduction of the legal
tender. It was not only a violation of the Con-
stitution, but confiscation of private estates, an
unsettling of all values, and a fatal stab at the
foundation of financial integrity. Our own rev-
olutionary experience must havebeen present to
his mind. The disastrous experience ol' France
under Laid, Necker, Turgot, and Colonne, was
ut teriug till ough the voice of liiston its decisive
condemnation of the plan. He has then in
defiance of such experience and constitutional
obligation committed the country to a scheme
calculated long to embarrasshis successors, and
from which the present generation will in vain
look for relief.
In January. 1801, the circulation of all the
banks in the United States was $202,005,000.
The amount of specie in the banks was $87,-
(>74,000. The currency was gold or convert-
ible paper, at the will of the holder. The ex-
