m
APRENMX IPO fSS d-O'NGBISSIO^AL GM)BE.
[February 26,
.Representation of /Southern States—Mr. Sherman.
39th Cong.... 1st
But'it seems now the question of the negro's
capacity to govern himself, is not to be judged
from -his-conduct. It iss ,to be settled against
him -.without trial. Merit is.-to be -put out o'f
the •tpresfiow. His inferiority-is to be assumed,
and the .-results of injusiice.to him, ignorance,
poverty, degradation, are to -be forever .the
quoted ewidencesof that inferiority.. -Ehequeis-
tion of human slavery entered -into ipacty poli-
tic.-;, and justice was -slo-w. Jibe question ' of
human tight, involved in ■ en fruti eh is emerit, is -
now given to party polities. Justice- may be
slo.w, but come, it must.
Against this measure ibo£ three arguments
are urged:
J. That it produces Social eqaality. This
objection-is totally unfounded. Is each voter
the equal ef another ? Does my friend from
"Wisconsin [Mr. JDooI/Itiij:,] .regard every roan,
native awl -foreign, naturalized and unnatural-
ized,who-is entitled to the ballot in that State,
as his social equal ?
2. It is urged that the negro is of another
and an inferior raee. Admit his race to be
different from ours, does he not belong to tire
family of man ? Is he not actuated by-tbe same
motives, possessed of the same feefiiigs, and
animated by the same hopes.? He may not
belong to the same raee, but he belongs to the
family of man, and the proudest boast of out
free country to-day, is, mat it isithe-home and
asylum of man. If his race be inferior in intel-'
lectual power, that constitutes -the strongest
reason for guarding :his .'Eights against the as-
saults of the more vigorous and crafty. Are
all men now entitled .to the franchise equal
in intellectual power!? .Are they all equal in
sagacity and knowledge? Is the unlettered
Irishman, shut out year after year from the
light of the sun, in the coal- mines of Pennsyl-
vania, equally qualified to east an intelligent
vote with the distinguished members .of the
Federal judiciary n w dispensing justiee in this
Capitol? But I ask, Senators, will you deny
suffrage to the coat-digger ? Or wilt you give
another ballot to the eminent judge? 'Natural
inferiority amoufltst nothmg. The question is,
are the negroes capable of such moral training
as to give them love of social order, and such
intellectual training as to have them know and
appreciate their rights and duties in the com-
munity ? If they are incapable of such training,
the States may yet deny them the franchise,
after my amendment has been adopted. If the
alleged inferiority prove unfounded, the wor-
ship of prejudice must cease, and the image of
this unjust god be broken into dust. Can the
experiment do any harm? Let us try it.
3u It is said that qualified, educated, intelli-
gent negro suffrage will bring a war of races.
Why so? Are white men so unjust that rather
than suffer simple jnstiee to be done to their
fellow-men, rather than see the true republican
principle vindicated in government, they will
imbrue their hands in the negro's blood? I
believe no suih thing, and if I did believe it, I
could scarcely-hope for the success .of my fel-
low white men in this war against humanity.
It it be desirable to prevent a war of races, it
can be done by simple justice to both races. If
one raee be taxed without representation, fol-
lowed by the usual abuses of such power, and
followed, too, by the prejudice and contempt
of the ruling class, will not war of races come
sooner ? It must, it will come. It can be pre-
vented now. Let it be done.
The reasons in favor of my proposition are
inseparably connected with all I have said. I
need not repeat them. Every consideration of
peace demands it. It must be done to remove
the relics of the rebellion. It must be done
to pluck out political disease from the body-
politic. and restore the elementary principles
of our Government. It must be done to pre-
serve peace in the States and harmony in our
Federal system. It must be done to assure the
happiness and prosperity of the southern people
themselves. It must he done to establish in "our
institutions the principles of universal justice.
It must be done to secure the strongest possible
guarantees against future -wars. It must be
done in obedience to that'golden rale, which
insists Bpon doing te.ofchers what we would that
others-sho-ald do ttBto  s. It-must-be done-if
we would obey the moral law that teaches us to
los>e owr neighbors as ourselves. In fine, it
must be done to purify, strengthen, and per-
peteatea'Governmemt, in which are now fondly
centered, the best hopes of .mankind.
Representation of Southern States.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHlf SHERMAN,
OF OHIO,
In the Senate of the Untfed Smtes,
Fdrhtoery 26,1866,
On the concurrent resolution o'f the House Of "Rep-
resentatives relative to the representation of certain
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the im-
mediate question before the Senate is upon the
resolution of the House of .Representatives,
passed on the 21st instaiit, declaring that no
Senator or Representative shall be .admitted
into-either braneh of Congress from any.of the
eleven States which .have been declared to be
in insurrection until Congress shall have de-
clared swob State entitled to such representa-
tion. This question, together with the reasons
stated in-the resolution for its passage,-the cir-
cumstances under which it is pressed in Con-
gress, and the many pending propositions of a
kindred-character now on our table, induces me
to follow theexample so often set in the Senate,
and to disewss all these ki ndred propositions now
while I have the floor. I shall do so as clearly
and as briefly as possible, in the order in which
they will probably present themselves for our
vote. And first as to this resolution.
If the meaning of the resolution is that-as a
matter of convenience in the discharge of onr
duties the Senators and -Representatives ought
to act in concert with each other in legislating
upon and in disettssing all propositions affect-
ing the right of States to:representation, surely
it is a reasonable proposition. We'have already
acted in concert at -the beginning of this ses-
sion by creating a joint committee as an organ
of both bodies to confer with each other and to
communicate to each House separately their
deliberations. We have often before recog-
nized the propriety of acting through joint
committees on questions of great importance,
when the concurrence of both Houses is needed,
and when a free conference will probably tend
to prodtree an agreement. Therefore, if this is
the purpose of this resolution, it is a very sim-
ple and plain oae, and obviously defensible.
'But, Mr. President,-this resolution goes fur-
ther. It asserts, and-it was intended-to assert,
that with Congress, and with Congress alone,
rests the duty of defining when a State once,
declared to be in insurrection shall be admit-
ted to representation in this and the other House
of Congress. This is a proposition of consti-
tutional law; and on this point I am glad to say
that there has been no difference of opinion
among us until this session of Congress. This
question has been three times decided in the
Senate. It has been decided by the unanimous
report of onr Judiciary Committee. It has not
been controverted in this body until within a
very few days, or until during the present ses-
sion of Congress. At the last session a unani-
mous report was made from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, composed of some of the ablest lawyers
in the Senate, in which this doctrine is, in my
judgment, more clearly and distinctly expressed
than in the resolution now before us. I can-
not see why any one who gave his deliberate
judgment to that proposition can oppose this.
The honorable Senator from Maine read a por-
tion, of this report on Friday, but it will bear
repetition, and I will now read it:
" The persons in possession of the local authorities
in Louisiana having rebelled against tho authority
of the United States, and her inhabitants having been
declared to be in a state of insurrection in pursuance
of a law passed by the two Houses of Congress, your
committee deem it improper for this body to admit
to seats Senators .from Louisiana, till by some joint
action of both Houses there shall be some recormitioa of
an existing State government acting in harmony with
the Government of the United States and recognizing
its authority."
If this is law, how can any Senator vote
against the pending proposition unless it is for
reasons not involving the merits of that prop-
osition? Bat this is not the only case, for 1 find
that this very question was made, and by a vote
of the Senate was definitely decided, and it was
made so distinctly that no Senator could have
voted for the proposition I am now about to
read without understanding its full purport and
effect.
It will be remembered that a bill came the
Senate, passed by the House of Representatives
guarantying to the seceded States a repub-
lican form of government, commonly known as
the "Wade and Davis bill. It was antagonized
here by various propositions, and among the
rest by a proposition offered by the honorable
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Bnowx.] That
bill contained many sections intended to pro-
vide a mode by which these eleven States might,
when the rebellion was suppressed within theii
limits, be restored to their old places in the
Union. The proposition offered by Air. Bkowx,
as a substitute for the bill, I will now read: and
I invite:the attention of Senators to the distinct
assertion of the very doctrinethat is proclaimed
in this resolution:
"Thai when the inhabitants of any State have been
declared in a state of insurrection against the United
States by proclamation of the President, by force and
virtue of the act entitled 'An act to provide for the
collection of duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses,' approved July IS, 18G1, they shall be, and are
hereby declared to be, incapable of easting any vote
for electorsof PresidentorViee President of the Uni-
ted States, or of electing Senators or Representatives
in Congress, until said insurrection in said State is
suppressed or abandoned, and said inhabitants havo
returned to their obedience to the Government of the
United States"—
Then mark these words—
" nor until such return to obedience shall be declared
by proclamation of the President, issued by virtue of an
act of Congress, hereafter to be passed, authorizing /he
same."
This proposition was introduced in antago-
nism to the proposition then before the Senate,
as a suhetitute for it, to cover the whole ground,
and I am told was framed by our fellow Sen-
ator bow dead, Judge Collamer. After debate
it was adopted as a substitute by the close vote
of 17 yeas to 16 nays. Among the yeas were
every Democratic member of this Senate and
some of the Republicans. AH the nays were
Union Senators, friends of the original bill,
including many classed as radicals. I give the
vote in full:
"Yeas—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Cowan, Davis,
Doolittle, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, McLougall, Powell, Kirbarcl.-on,
Riddle,Saalsbury, Trumbull, and Van Winkle—17.
'ftAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conner, Hale,
Harlan, Lane, of Kansas, Morgan. Morrill. Ponx-ruy,
Ramsey Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Wilkin-
son, ana Wilson—16."
It may be said that these gentlemen voted for
this proposition for the purpose of defeating a
more offensive one ; and if the vote rested here
that wouldbe a reasonable explanation. But in
order to point the significance of this vote the
honorable Senator from Illinois, the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr- Tr.uMBru.,]
called attention to the importance of the. ques-
tion and said he wanted a definite vote upon
this proposition ^ by itself. He stated its im-
portance, the effect of the principle involved,
and asked for the yeas and nays on the passage
of the bill as amended, in order, as lie said, to
ascertain the judgment of the Senate upon this
distinct proposition. The bill then coutatm-fl
nothing but what I have read to yon, and the
vote was taken by yeas and nays, and stood as
follows:
T.,,1^Asr"^es£Xs- Brown. Chandler, Oormopa. Doo-
httle, Ornmes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Jonosot*.
