THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
for a railroad'from Hastings, through the eoun:
ties of Dakota, Scott, Carver, and McLeo.d, to
such point on the western boundary of the
State as the Legislature of the State jnay de-
termine;" in line ten of the same section to
strike out " for ten sections in width'' and to
insert "to the amount of five alternate sections
per mile;" to add to section three the words
"and the same shall at all times be transported
at the cost, charge, and expense in all respects,
of the companies or corporations, their success-
ors or assigns, having or receiving the benefit
of the land grants herein made;" in section
four, after the word " aforesaid," in line thir-
teen, to insert "provided, however, that the
conterminous principle hereby applied shall not
extend to such lands as are taken by the said
railroad companies to make up deficiencies;
provided, that no land to make up such defi-
ciencies shaft be taken at any point within ten
miles upon each side of the line of said roads;''
in line twenty-five of the fourth section strike
out all after the word State" to the end of
the section except the words "United States
and also to strike out the word "road" and
insert "roads" wherever it occurs in the bill;
and amend 'the title by striking out "a rail-
road" and inserting "railroads."
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to take up
the House amendments to the bill (S. No. 221)
relating to lands granted to the State of Min-
nesota to aid in constructing railroads.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendments were in lines six and seven
of the first section to strike out the words
"after the passage of the act granting the same
and;" in line eleven, after the word "sale," to
insert " being odd-numbered sections at the
end of the first section to add, "provided,
however, that nothing herein contained shall
be so construed as to diminish the quantity of
land granted by act of May 5, 1804, to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the construction
of a railroad from.St. Paul to Lake Superior;"
after the word "same," in line eight, of sec-
tion three, to insert "as modified by the pro-
visions of this actin line two, of section
four, after the word "granted," to insert " by
any act of Congress to the State of Minnesota
to aid in the construction of railroads in said
State;" and at the end of section four to add
the following proviso: "provided, however,
that this provision shall not extend to any
lands authorized to be taken to make up defi-
ciencies.''
The amendments were concurred in.
fkejcdjien's bureau.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on bill of the IIouso of Rep-
resentatives In'o. 613, entitled "An act to continue in
force and to amend an act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for other
purposes," having met, afterfull and free conference
have agreed and do agree to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House agree to the first and second amend-
ments as made by the Senate.
That the House agree to the third amendment
made by the Senate with the following amendments:
Strike out the word " having " on page 2, line five,
of said amendment, :md insert tho word "has."
Strike out on pages 4 and 5 in section eleven
of the amendment, the words "upon completion of
the tian^fusof the said lands in the manner apooified
in tho preceding section, the President of the United
States shall have power to re^un to their former
owners tho lands now occupied by persons under
General Sherman's special field order dated at Savan-
nah, Georgia, January 16,1865. excepting such lands
as may have been sold by the U nited States for taxes,
hut such," und inbei t after the word "restoration"
on page 5, line six, of the amendment, the words
" of lands occupied by freedmen under General Sher-
man's held order dated at Savannah, Georgia, Jan-
uary l(i, lHl'i.V'
Insert on page 5 of the amendment, in line nine,
after the word "them," the words "by the former
owners of such lands or their legal representatives."
Strike out on page 5 of the amendment in sec-
tion twelve, line four, tho words "owned by or
claimed as the property of the" and insert the words
"held under color of title by the late."
Strike out on page 5 of the amendment, section
twelve, in lines nine and ten, the words " be with-
drawn States which" and insert the words "cease
to exist, such of said so-called confederate States
as shall."
That the House agree to the fourth amendment as
made by the Senate.
That the Senate agree to the above named amend-
ments to the third amendment as made by them.
HENRY WILSON,
IRA HARRIS.
J. W. NESMITH,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is impossible to un-
derstand the modifications made in this bill by
the committee of conference simply from the
reading of the report, and it is due to the Sen-
ate, I think, that the Senator who represents
the committee of conference should'state to us
what the modifications of the bill are.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that the changes
are merely formal, and do not alter the sense
or purpose of the bill. There is one change,
perhaps, of some importance, but it affects
nothing; and that is to one of the sections of
the amendment in regard to the restoration of
lands. The bill provides that the persons who
have claims under the Sherman order shall
have their cases examined—we retain the form
of words moved by the Senator himself—and
that they shall have lands set apart for them.
We strike out the words authorizing and direct-
ing the President to give up these lands, as it
was a question of doubtful power whether Con-
gress could direct him to do anything about
them. We provide for taking. eare of these
persons, that they shall have the privilege of
taking this year's crop off the land; and-ye
provide further, that if they have made any
betterments on the lands they shall receive a
consideration for them ; and we leave-the Pres-
ident to restore the lands on tlie 1st of January
next or at any other time he pleases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
if I understood one point aright. I gathered
from the report that the President is not au-
thorized to restore to the original owners these
lands until he has first secured to each one of
the colored occupants under the bill lands else-
where. Is that the effect of the report ?
Mr. WILSON. The provision on that sub-
ject is the same as was contained in the ori-
ginal bill. This report does not alter the ori-
ginal provisions of the bill. We provide in
the amendment of the Senate, which has been
concurred in by the House with some verbal
changes in the mode of expression, but with-
out changing the idea or obligation, that the
nine hundred persons who have claims under
the Sherman order shall have their claims
examined and detennined upon by the com-
missioners in South Carolina and Georgia, and
that they shall have certificates on the islands
which the lax commissioners have set apart
for them ; that these claims which these per-
sons will have on those lands shall stand good
for two years, and if they do not attend to
them in that time they will be invalid.
We provide further that these persons shall
have the privilege of taking the present crop
off the land, and that they shall have the ben-
efit of any betterments they have made on the
land, just as was provided in the original bill;
but we have stricken out the words authorizing
the President to restore the lands to the origi-
nal owners, on the ground that it is a question
whether Congress has got any power over that
subjcct at all; that, as a military order, it is a
matter for the President to deal with himself
and to take the responsibility of doing it in his
own time. He cannot do it, however, until
these persons have had the privilege of taking
off this year's crop. The President may do it
on the 1st of January next, or the 1st of Feb-
ruary, or at any time he pleases, at his own
option. We do not say anything about it; we
leave it to him. There is nothing in the sense
of the bill changed at all. There was really
no substantial difference of opinion between
the two Houses on these matters, and the bill
was referred to a committee of conference more
for the purpose of changing some modes of
expression than for any other. I think the
amendments are improvements on the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the report of
the committee of conference ?
The report was concurred in.
PARIS UNIVERSAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. HARRIS submittecfthe following report:
The committee of conference on the ■ disagreeing
votes of the two-Houses on the amendments to the-
joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) to provide for the ex-
penses attending the exhibition of the products of
industry of the United States at the Exposition at
Paris in 1867, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
to their respective Houses as follows:
1. That the House of Representatives do concur in
the amendments of the Senate with amendments, as
follows: in section one, line fifteen, strike out the
words44in coinin section one, line seventeen, strike
out the words "in coin;" in section one, line twenty-
eight, strike out the words "andreturn;" in section
one, line thirty-six, strike out the words "going and
coming;" in scction one, line forty-three, strike out
the words "in coin."
2. That the Senate do agree to the said amendments
to the amendments of the Senate.
IRA HARRIS.
JAMES GUTHR3J3,
A. H'. CRAGIN.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
N. P. BANKS,
R. P. SPALDfNG,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the part of, the Souse.
The report was concurred in.
IOWA MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 93.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. N^. 93)
providing for the 'appointment of a commis-
sion to examine and report upon certain claims
of the State of Iowa. It requires the Presi-
dent of the United States to appoint three com-
missioners, whose duty it shall be to examine
and report, on or before the first day of Decem-
ber next, upon the claim of the State of Iowa
for forage, transportation, subsistence, and
clothing furnished by the State to certain vol-
unteers of the State, who, under the command
of Colonels Morledge and Edwards, and at the
request of certain officers commanding troops
of the United States in the State of Missouri,
marched into the State of Missouri to cooperate
with the troops of the United States in that
State in suppressing the rebellion; also the
claim of the State of Iowa for repayment of
certain moneys paid by the State in raising,
arming, equipping, paying, and subsisting cer-
tain troops of the State maintained by the State
on its southern and northwestern borders dur-
ing the late rebellion, for the purpose of de-
fending the State against attacks by bushwhack-
ers and Indians; and also the claim of the
State for compensation for certain forage pro-
cured and harracks,built by the State on the
northwestern border thereof and turned over
by the State to and used by the United States.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the.joint resolution, with an
amendment in line four, to strike out the
words "three commissioners" and to insert
" a commissioner."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the S4^-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
NIAGARA SIIIP-CANAL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order assigned
forthishour, which is the bill (EC- R. No. 344)to
incorporate the Niagara Ship-Canal Company.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] is still unable to be in his seat, and
I am unwilling to proceed with that bill during
his absence if he is going to be able to be here
in a short time. I therefore move its postpone-
ment.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
