1604:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jibs. ann e. s5100t.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Ann E. Smoot, widow of Captain Joseph Smoot,
of the United States Navy; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that the benefit of the sixth
section of an act to amend the act to promote
the efficiency of the Navy, approved January
16, 1850, be extended to Mrs. Ann E. Smoot,
widow of the late Captain Joseph Smoot, of the
United States Navy, and that the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be directed to
pay her the amount her said husband was re-
ceiving at the time he was placed 011 the reserved
list on furlough pay to the date of his death,
deducting whatever amount he may have re-
ceived in the mean time on account of pay.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. I'UELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
invention in naval warfare,.
On motion of Mr. GRISWOLD, the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs were discharged from,
the further consideration of House bill No.
130, to provide for testing an invention in naval
wari'aie; and the same was referred to the Navy
Department.
i*ay of certain akjiy officers.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution for
the relief oi certain officers of the Army; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that in all eases
in which a commissioned officer actually entered
on duty as such commissioned officer, and was
entitled by law to be mustered in as such, but
by reason of eaptiue by the enemy, or other
cause, beyond his control, and without fault or
neglect of his own, was not mustered according
to the regulations within a period of not lesjj
than thirty days, the pay. department shall
allow said officer full pay and emoluments from
the date on which such officer actually entered
on said duty, as aforesaid, deducting the pay
act u all v received by such officer for such period.
Mr. IIA I,E. 1'l.og to inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio whether this will cover the case
of oflicet'S who served in their promoted rank
and died before being mustered in?
Mr. 131N0IIAM. It does under the words
" or other cause," if such cases are not already
provided for.
Mr. S1IBLLABARCHBR. I move to insert
the words '' killed in battle."
Mr. ISfNCillAM. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay vritmnad isy cocrts-martiai,.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, the Com-
mittee ou Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of ajoint resolution
to pay officers and soldiers money withheld
by judgments of courts-martial; and the same
was laid upon the table.
alexander thompson.
_ Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of Alexander Thompson, late 'United
States consul at. Maranham, Brazil; which was
l'ead a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I objected
to that resolution when up once before, because
it then appeared that this man was appointed
after the passage of the law providing that
none but citizens should be appointed. That
was a mistake, and my friend from Ohio ac?-
knowledges " the corn." [Laughter.] It seems
this man continued to perform the duties of
consul at the request of the Department in a
satisfactory manner after the passage of the act
of August 18, 1856. I think the claim is just
and should be passed. As it stood on the
report it was not a good claim.
Mr, BANKS. I do not think the report is
as was stated by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. washbttbjte.] If so it was a mistake.
The consul was not a citizen of the United
States at the time of the passage of the act, but
he continued in service at the request of the
Secretary of State. He was not entitled to pay
under the law, but having performed his duty,
it is just that he should receive compensation.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was 'seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BANKS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clerks OV committees.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, in answer to resolution of the
House, submitted the following report; which
was read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred the Ilou^e resolution relating to the employ-
ment of clerks of committees, report as follows:
That in-order to keep a correct journal of .the pro-
ceedings and a properrecord oi the business referred to
the committee, and lor the thorough examination into
matters pertaining to the conduct of its business, a
clerk is indisponsable. Much of the business of the
committee is connected with the ^Departments, rc-
such personal attendanceasindivid'ualmeni-
bcrs of the committee cannot give to it; and from the
State Department alone important documents are to
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs con-
cerning the claims against the British Government,
for losses sustained by American citizens which will
require the constant services of a clerk to classify,
index, and preserve. The clerk of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs is on duty the usual number of hours
prescribed by law and custom for clerical attendance,
and performs such seivice only for the members of
the committee as legitimately belong? to the official
business of the committee.
For the committee: N. P. BANKS,
Chairman.
tiiomas iiuxnt.
On motion of Mr. ORTII, the Committee
on Foreign Affairs was discharged from the
consideration of tlie petition and accompany-
ing papers of Thomas Html, and the same
were referred to.the Committee of Claims.
pensions.
_ Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, how much
time is there left of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Five or six minutes.
Mr. PERHAM. I was instructed by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to report, and
ask its consideration at the present time, a
general bill on the subject of pensions.
The SPEAKER. The committee will be
entitled to the remainder of this morniry* hour
and to the next morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
laiher unfortunate. This is a very important
committee, and I hope that the remaining five
minutes of this morning hour will not be
charged to it as a whole morning hour. I
move, therefore, that the committee be entitled
to two morning hours hereafter.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. PERHAM. i thank the House for this
favor.
_ The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of House bill No. SCO, supplement-
ary to the several acts relating to pensions.
The bill provides a pension of twenty-five
dollars a month to those who have lost' both
eyes, or both hands, or been permanently dis-
abled in the same, in the military or naval ser-
vice of-the United States; and twenty dollars
a month to those who have lost both feet or
one hand and one foot, or been totally disabled -
in the same; and fifteen dollars a month to all
who have lost one hand or one foot or been
totally disabled in the same.
During the reading of the bill the morning
hour expired.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I call up for
consideration joint resolution No. 43, propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, upon which I entered the motion
to reconsider the other day.
Mr. PERHAM. I hope the gentleman will
allow the reading of the bill to be completed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will do so.
The reading of the bill was here completed.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer this amendment to the bill, to come
in at the end :
Provided, That the payment of no pension shall be
suspended or withheld by reason of the acceptance
by the pensioner of any public office, unless the an-
nual pay of such office, added to tho pension, shall
be equal to or greater than the amount of income ex-
empt from the income tax under tho internal revenue
law.
In listening to the reading of the bill I did
not observe any such provision, and therefore
I offer this proviso, in order to meet a diffi-
culty under the existing law.
Mr. PERHAM. In answer to the question
suggested I wish to say that by the law of March,
18G5, persons who acccpted office in the civil
service of the Government who were entitled to
pensions forfeited their pensions, and the rul-
ing of the office is such that it excludes all classes
ofoffieers, sothatapostmaster, forinstance,who
may be receiving from fifty to a hundred dollars
a year is excluded from the right to draw his
pension under the law. The fourth section of
this bill repeals entirely the law to which the
gentleman from Iowa refers and allows every
person who is entitled to a pension to draw it,
notwithstanding the fact of his being in the civil
service of the Government.
Mr. KASSON. Then, if the fourth section
has that effect, I withdraw my amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, resumed the
floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
my friend from Ohio will postpone this matter
and let us go 011 with the public business. It
is more important that we should proceed with
the appropriation bills than bring up this matter
now.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio." This is public
business as much as any business which can be
brought before the House. It is business of as
much importance as any that can be brought
before the House, and it is important that it
shall be brought before the House now, so that
the resolution may not only go over to the Sen-
ate for its final action, but that it may go to the
country.
I would be glad to accommodate the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. \yASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
for my accommodation. I merely made the
suggestion to the gentleman in the public
interest.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will now yield
the floor to the chairman of the Committee on
Printing, [Mr. Laflix,] who desires to report
a bill for action.
publication or the laws.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, joint resolution of the Senate
No. 50, in relation to the publication of the
laws of the United States.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of State to renew the contract
