540
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
penditures of the Government were at the same
time about $83,000,000 per annum, which was
fully met by the revenue, and there was but
about $75,000,000 of public debt. At the pres-
ent time tlie Government debt, on the 31st Oc-
tober, 18G5, is stated at $2,740,854,750. Add
to this $600,000,000 which it will take to equal-
ize bounties, together with the millions that will
bo required to pay damages to the property of
loyal rn.cn occasioned by the armies, with the
additional millions to pay pensions, and we have
a debt equaled only by that of Great Britain,
contracted in centuries of foreign wars. The
estimated expenses for the present fiscal year,
as stated in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, are §857,921,717 47. To meet these
and discharge the interest on the public debt,
we have only the receipts, actual and esti-
mated, the current fiscalyoar, from customs, of
$147,000,583 08, the inconsiderable receipts
from the public lands amounting to $052,890 GO,
from direct lax $:31,111 30, andlhose from inter-
nal revenue amounting to 6271,(>18,885 05, and
from miscellaneous sources to $48,393,729 04.
The balancc, amounting to $389.377,207 77, is
reduced, by the application of $277,182,200 57
of borrowed money, to the sum, as stated by the
Secretary of the Treasury, of $112,194,947 20,
which is still to be provided for in the method
adopted by Mr. Chase of Government loans or
inconvertible promises to pay.
It is the evil of paper currency, that while
the debt of the country represented by bonds
and bills is but a substitute for capital, in the
absence of any check arising from the neces-
sity of redemption in specie, it is continually
tondingtoaugmentalion. This is because infla-
tion iirst, raises price*, and more inflation ia
demanded at each step of the progress. With a
given amount of circulation, prices at once ad-
just themselves to that amount; but when this
is once done, the increase of the circulation
goes no further than the circulation before the
inilation. Hence the same reason which begal
the first inflation begets a second.
It is obvious that under the system which has
thus been fastened on the country there must
be a deficit, not only the present year, bat for
years to come. A regard to sound principles
imperatively requires, that, unless we are con-
tent lo ran along the high-road to bankruptcy
and ruin and practical repudiation, adequate
provision should be made iiu discharging with
certainly and promptness the annual interest,
upon every addition to I lie public uulebledtics.
It is equally necessary 1 lull a rigid system of
retrenchment and economy should be. adopted
iu every branch of the public sen ice, that the
Government expenditures should be reduced
to the minimum consistent with the interests
of llu; country.
A sinking fund should also be provided for
the gradual exlingnishment of the piincipal of
the debt, that the people may have some assur-
ance til,'! 1, though the process mav be slow and
the end remote, tin; yoke of i Ins lei rible burden
may nol press upon liie necks of themselves
and descendants forever; ami yet the agents
of the Government, the especial pels of -Mr.
Chase, appeal to the people for increased loans
upon the distinct assertion that the national
debt is a "national blessing." That public
loans should be asked on such a plea as this is
a marvel. Tile audacity of tlu: proposition is
without a parallel, in support of this reckless
maxim the over-zealous agent refers his coun-
trymen to the example of England. Instead
of being an example of a national debt being
a national blessing she has been the victim of
a national debt. With vast advantage in geo-
graphical position, girt with oceans and chan-
nels, she has heretofore controlled the com-
merce ot the world. With a sturdy and skillful
jiopulation, with hills and mines of developed
minerals, and a Government that has stood de-
fiantly the slow evolution of a thousand years,
yet, hor lands are monopolized by a population
not exceeding thirty thousand in number. The
great mas? of the population of twenty-seven
millions ars but tenantry and operatives. Mr.
Gladstone, in May, 1864, declared in a speech
in tho British Parliament that less than one
fiftieth part of the working men in England are
in the enjoyment of the franchise.
The Chairman of the Ways and Means, and
now of Appropriations^ has boldly stated that
the present taxes must be doubled or the debt
repudiated.
A wise statesmanship, while encouraging, by
adjusting oppressive taxes and inconsiderate
restrictions upon our variegated industry, and
developing our resources, agricultural as well as
manufacturing, may yet lighten, in a very great
degree, the burdens of the people; but to double
the present tax will be more than the straw that
breaks the camel's back. As a Representative
of Pennsylvania—the greatest of the States in
the material from which wealth is crcated and
whose industry is largely engaged in manufac-
tures—1 confess to a just pride in her position.
I am proud of her sturdy, intelligent, and
enterprising population, and earnestly seek the
promotion uf all her great interests. We can-
not, however, shut our eyes to the new condi-
tion of things which has been forced upon us
by recent events and by the general progress of
the world. Slavery having been extinguished
in the South, she will demand more strenuously
than ever the abolishment of commercial re-
strictions by the North. The West, an empire
within herself, with a voice which it will be
impossible to deny, will join in the s'ame de-
mand. It is therefore our policy to appreciate
our natural advantages, and to moderate our
demands to the realities which are before us.
The recent experience of oilier countries ap-
pears to be decisive in favor of a liberal com-
merce. It was lately shown by Mr. Gladstone,
the enlightened Chancellor of the English Ex-
chequer, thai a wonderful development of the
commercial energies of that country lias taken
place since the relaxation of the Government
restrictions. The masses of England, under
the lead of Peel and Cobden, demanded cheap
bread. The masses of this country demand
cheap fabrics as well as cheap bread.
Similar financial and commercial prosperity
have been presented in Eunice by llie policy,
carefully modeled after the English system,
which has been adopted since the accession of
the pies,ent. Emperor; her commeicial devel-
opment has outstripped the expectations of
i ven the most sanguine; and while Gelding a
rev emie greater than ever before, the people
have been materially relieved of tho burdens of
taxation. Commerce, it must be remembered,
has given life and prosperity to every nation to
the exact extent in which each has enjoyed it.
The ships of all civilized nations now meet, more
than over, in friendly rivalry upon every sea.
The share of trade, however, which will fall to
each nation will he determined by the natural
resources, the development, and enlightemjd
and liberal policy of each. England lias grown
preemi nently great by her commerce. The com-
merce of I ndia, probably the oldest of ad coun-
tries in civilization, the most numerousm pop-
ulation. and the greatest m Ihevaluc of ilspro-
ducts lor exchange, has enriched, successively,
'lyre and Sidon and Alexandria, Byzantium
and Carthage, and in modern times has poured
its rich streams into Portugal, Holland and
Venice, London and Paris and New York.
England, we shall nol soon forget, sowed the
seeds of oar discontent, with the view of anni-
hilating our it-publican example and our com-
mercial importance. She pursued her object,
with such zeal and energy that, slavery, the
apple of discord, has disappeared from our po-
litical contests and left us a great and power-
ful nation. In the future our progress will be
steady and advancing. New York is rapidly-
attracting to herself the importance of Lon-
don. must, soon become the great distributing
commercial center of the world, and the Brit-
ish Government will yet be revolutionized by
tho force of our republican example.
Now that the rebellion has been suppressed,
we are to look with careful solicitude that the
genius of our Government is not changed in
the operation. The growth of the war power,
under the despotic plea of "necessity," had
come to overshadow the liberty of the citizen
to such an extent that we seemed rather the
subjects of imperial sway than members of a
democratic Republic, whoso rights and privi-
leges are defined and guarantied by a written
charter in the most solemn form known among
men. But what avail written charters or es-
tablished rights when they may be set aside by
the stroke of a cabinet minister or a presiden-
tial pen? What is this but the cxerciso of the
principle of imperialism? For that principle,
as laid down by Justinian in his Institutes, is
■' Quodplocuif, principi habet legis vigorem,''
what pleases the prince has the force of law.
If this kind of administration is sanctioned, our
written charters will become obsolete. They
will remain a dead letter in llie v olume of the
fundamental law. They will have become out-
giown and superseded by a new system of ex-
tia-constitulional practices. Our people have,
therefore, to watch narrowly, that in conquer-
ing the South we have not conquered our lib-
erties.
The constitutional provisions guarantying
the liberties of the American citizen are those
contained in the fourth, fifth, and sixth articles
of tho amendments. They secure him in the
possession of personal liberty and property,
against unwarrantable search and seizure, and
in the right to a trial by jury. Those are the
American's birthright and the pillars which
support our democratic government. They are
of such transcendent importance that their
violation is not to be tolerated for a moment,
under whatever circumstances of popular ex-
citement, or upon whatever pretext. In the
night, and storm of cavil faction and ferment
they are lo the citizen what the constellations
are to the mariner. However the tempest may
rage, and llie clouds obscure the face of the
heavens, he knows that, so long as his guiding
stars are visible, he is sure of his reckoning,
and can steer safely for " the haven where ho
would be.''
There are a few points which, if we arc to
remain a free people, must be understood by
the humblest citizen, lie should understand
that tho Constitution, and the laws made under
it, are the only law of the land for all who have
not, voluntarily subjected t heiuselves to another
code. 'There is no other code except for the
military and naval service, and, under certain
circumstances, martial law.
Military law is tho code established under tho
authority of tho Constitution for flic government
of the land and naval forces ; and martial law
is that which is exorcised by the commander of
an army, in a state of war, over the territory
which it occupies. It is the law of arbitrary
discretion, of despotic power, and is, from the
necessity of the ease, the only law which can be
exercised in conquered countiies, in rebellious
districts, in the camp, and in the field. Mili-
tary law, administered upon its proper subjects,
is a part of the law of the land. A\ here a party
is properly subject to be tried by military or by
martial law, the tribunal and mode of procedure
are those known to those species of law respect-
ively. In all other eases the Constitution de-
clares that no poison shall be held to answer
for an infamous crime unless upon 2">rcsentmcnt
of a giand juiy. nor tried unless by a jury ex-
cept in cciiaiii eases specified. This clause, of
the Constitution prevails at all times, and in all
places, unless force or armed occupation set it
aside, or unle ss the party to be tried has re-
signed his civil rights by becoming a soldier or
a s:iilor.
The state of martial law is incident to the
locality in-which armed forces are present in
conflict, or on the march, or in preparation for
conflict; and the effect is the suspension of civil
law in that locality. The more existence of a
state of war does not supersede the Constitution
and civil law anywhere else. Wherever the
civil courts are open, and justice regularly
administered, the civil procedure is that alone
which is applicable to any one charged with an
