18.664:
APMESDIX m 1iB CONGRESSIONAL: GLC 
39th Cong. ... la? S®s&.
Representation of Southern States—Mr. Sherman:
SEN-ate,
Lano of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, IvJoDougal, Mor-
gan, Pomeroy, Ilaru.se:>, Kiddle, Sherman, Sprague,
Sapiner, Ten Byck, Trumbull, Yan.Winkle, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
"Nays—Messrs Davis, Powell, and Sarfsonry—<i-
S,o that by this deliberate vote, after debate,
after the attention of the. Senate had. been called
to the importance of the proposition, by the ju-
dicial organ of this body, at a time when these
was no excitement and no party feeling here-cm
this proposition, the doctrine we are diseusaaig
was asserted by an almost unanimous vote of-the
Senate. It seems to me that with this declara-
tion of the opinion of the Sen ate before us, made
•when it was not influenced, by party, feeling or
party excitement, we ought not to doubt. tiiB
correctness of the pending resolution, not near
so strong in its tenor or language. It ought
not to be resisted by any oae who thus cam*
mitted the Senate to that proposition against a
measure that would hav-a organized a system to
reconstruct the seceding States.
But, Mr. President, I need, not depend upon
the vote of the Senate-or upon, the authorities,
because I think, if you test this proposition, by
the simplest principles of constitutional law
there can appear no, doubt that Congress has
the sole and exclusive power, over this-subject.
The Constitution of the United States gives to
the President of the United- States, no, legislar
tive power except as a part of tlie law-making
power. He is an executive officer, with no
legislative power except that which he exer-
cises in connection with us. The Constitution
of the United States confers upon Congress, not
only the power to raise and support armies, to
appropriate money therefor, and; to pro vide and
maintain a navy, but—■
"To make rules for.thegoyernmontaiid>regBlatiqo
of the lUnd and naval forces."'
And among the residuary powers,conferred
upon Congress is that important one—
"To make all laws which shall bo necessary and
proper for carrying into exeeutionthe foregoing pow-
ers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution
in ihu Govornmont of the United States, o? in any
department or oiiioer thereof."
Therefore, where a power is conferred upon
the President, and the legislative pipwer is ne-
cessary in order to curry that power into' effect,
Congress alone possesses the power to arm the
Executive with the necessary authority to exe-
cute the laws. Upon Congress alone rests, all
the residuary powers ;• and therefore- it is that
the power of Congress follows our flag wherever
it floats. Our flag may go round the world, to
South America, to Italy, to China;, it may go
into any foreign country as it did in Mexico ; it
may go into the southern States subduing a
rebellion, and wherever it goes the legislative
power of Congress goes with it. It regulates
and governs the A run-, and the President has
nothing to do but to execute the will of Con-
gress and the Constitution of the United States.
ft seems, therefore, testing it by reason, that
this power must rest in Congress. The doc-
trine is very strongly stated by. Story, in Ms
Commentaries on the Constitution, in very much
the 1 anguage I have u sed; and he says, in speak-
ing of the powers of Congress, that the juris-
diction and power of the Government of the
United States follow our flag or our Army into
a foreign country, and Congress may make rules
and regulations for the government of the Army
of the United States m a foreign country as
well as in our own, and it is the duty of the
President to execute them. It is true flat, in
the absence of rules and regulations prescribed
by Congress the President may make such reg-
ulations as are absolutely necessary for the gov-
ernment of the Army wherever it is, but it is
only as a part of his duty to execute the general
laws. If Congress chooses to step in and pre-
scribe the mode and manner in which these
powers shall be exercised, he is bound by his
oath to observe such rules and regulations. I
conclude, therefore, that as Congress has de-
clared eleven States to be in a state of insur-
rection. as it is necessity now to pass some plan
or law by which these States may he. restored
tp their old place in-the Union,. Congress has
the undoubted legislative po.wei? to_prescribe.the
terms, ooaditioo®, and tests by which their loy-
alty; and^abedience Eotjie law maybe adjudged,
USSfBESG® ob t8is- B«S<JLnT10i!r..
But, Sir- President—and X sa® iiS with great
deference to tie-aonwaittee wh® cepajsted it-^>
I do- noj believe the- baa® assention. of this
power, ifijida to prflmote.tbe object-stated-hy the
uesatotiemi itseK The object of this resolution
is stated- to be to close agitation upon aquestioa
which seems likely, to disturb the action of the
Government, as well as to quiet the-uncertainty
which is agitating the minds of the, people- of
the ele.ven. States which have been declar-ed to
be in a state of insurrection^ If this resolution
would tend to promote these great objects, I
would vote for it much more cheerfully than I
will;, hut I regard it as a mere straw in a storm,
thrown in atan inopportune moment; fchemere
assertion of a naked, right which has never yet
been disputed, and- never can be-successfully;
a, mere, assertion of a right that we have o^er
and oyer again asserted. The- only doubt I
ever had about the resolution was the wisdom
of introducing- it and- passing it under the peer
vious question in one House at a moment when
there was undue or unusual excitement in the
public mindi My idea is that the true way to
assert this power- is- to exorcise it, and that it
was only necessary for Congress to exercise that
power in order to meet all these complicated
difficulties. This resolution does not provide
for the contingencies that have happened. Let
me state the ease. Suppose the two Houses
of Congress- cannot agree upon a. plan of re.-
coustruction,. as it is v-eny obvious- w.e shall
have difficulty in doing. Opposition: here is
already developed to the constitutional amend-
ment as part of the plan agreed upon, in quar-
ters at least to me unexpected, and it is very
doubtful whether we can^ree by the requisite
majority upon this leading-idea of a change of
the Constitution. Suppose the two Houses of
Congress cannot agree with each other, what
then ? Must these- eleven States stand in their
present isolated condition beyond the pale of
civil law until the-two Houses can agree upon
some proposition ?
Again, suppose that Congress will not agree
with the President, as actually occurred in the
passage of the "VVade and Davis bill'. "We sent
to President Lincoln our plan of reconstruc-
tion. He declined to-approve it. There was a
difference between Congress and the President.
Up to this liour we never have exercised our
power to regulate the mode and manner of
bringing these States back into the Union. Sup*
pose this difference exists between the various
departments of the law-making power and no
law- should be passed on the subject,, is it in-
tended by this resolution to-assert tihafc no rep-
resentatives from these eleven States shall come
back here, and that the power of each House to
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members shall notbe exercised
until by force or m some other way we can be
compelled to agree?- Must these States be-de-
prived of all representation here until a forced
verdietisdrawn out of Congress with the assent
of the President? Not at ail.
I have no doubt of the power of Congress to
pass any law it can on the subject, but I know
very- well that it Congress fails to pass a law
after a reasonable time, either House can and
will exercise its undoubted- power to admit Sen-
ators and Representatives on the floor of Con-
gress. If we fail to pass a plan of reconstruc-
tion at the present session of Congress, this
resolution will not prevent either House of Con-
gress from hereafter exercising its undoubted
power to pass upon the claim of any one who
comes here at this bar demanding a seat as a
Senator of the United States. Therefore I say
that the measure proposed does not meet the
real difficulty in the case. What we want is a
plan of action by which these States may, upon,
such terms aad conditions as are consistent
with the public safety,, come back into this
Union.
THB WADB-BAVIS Bill.
Mr. President, in my judgment the real di£
fteulty in- this whole matter lias been the uirffrr*
tunate feiiure of the executive audi legislative
branches of the Government to agree- upon a
platt of reconstruction. If at the lagt session
we had provided a- law, reasonable in itself,
proper in its provisions, by which these-Sta'tes
might- have been guided in their efforts to'come
back into the Union, that would have Been aS
end of this controversy; but unfortunately (and
I am not here either to arraign the- living- orthe
dead) there was a failure to agree. Earlier in
this war, during the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
a gentleman now in his grave, and'whose eulogy
was- so fitly pronounced the other day in the
House-of Representatives by his colleague here,
Henry Winter Davis, prepared a bill to meet
this exigency. He was not then- a member of
Congress. He brought that bill-to me. It was
a bill to guaranty to each State-a republican
form of government. The provisions of the
bill' pointed out a plan by which these States,
then' declared by Congress to be' in a state of
insurrection, might, when that insurrection was
subdued or abandoned-,, come back freely and
voluntarily into the Union. It provided for rep-
resentation ; it provided for the election of a
convention and a Legislature, and the election
of Senators' and members of Congress.^ It was
a complete guarantee to the people within the
States upon certain conditions to come back
into the Union. The provisions and tests by
which to-judge when the state of insurrection
had ceased and determined were prescribed.
I introduced that bill here at the request of Mr.
Davis. It was> referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. It was -not acted upon by them. I
suppose they thought it premature. Afterward
Mr. Davis came into the Thirty-Eighth Congress
as a member of the-House of Representatives.
Among the first acts performed by him after
taking his seat was the introduction of this same
bill, framed by him and introduced by me into
the Senate* in the House- of Representatives.
It was introduced by him on the l-5th Decem-
ber, 1863. It was debated in the House of
Representatives and passed by a very decided
vote, and it was sent to the Senate; Its his-
tory- I have already in part stated-. I't was re-
ported to the Senate fa-vorably; but in place
of it was substituted the- proposition I have
already read, offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri, which was adopted in the Senate. It
was sent back to the House; a committee of
conference was appointed, and the result was
the reporting to the Senate and the House _ of
what was called the Wade and Davis bill.
That bill was debated and finally passed upon
the report of the committee of conference. It
went to the President; he did not approve it.
I have before me a- proclamation issued by the
President on the 8th of July, 1864, in which it
is recited:
" Whereas at the late session Congress passed a. bill
to guaranty to certain States, whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown, a republican form
ofgovernmont/'aeopyof which isherountoannexed?
and-whereas the said bill was presented tothe Pres-
ident of tho United States for his approval less than
one hour before the ein-e die adjournment of said ses-
sion, and was not signed by him; and whereas tho
said bill contains, amon? other things, a plan tor re-
storing the States in rebellion to their proper practi-
cal relation in the Union, winch plan expresses the
sense of Congress upon that subject, and which pian
it is now thought fit to lay before the people for fcheir
°0,I*N^vftherefore, I. Abraham Lincoln, Presidentof
the United States, do proclaim, declare, and make
known, that while I um (as I was m
when by proclamation I propounded apl ntoi res to
ration) unprepared, by a formal apijroval ot thihb ll,
to be inflexibly committed to any single plan oi res-
toration ; and while I am also unprepared to declare
that the fiee Stale constitutions and governments
already adopted and installed in Aransas and -Lou-
isiana shall be set aside and held tor naught, thereby
repelling and discouraging
have set up the same as to further effort., or to de-
clare a constitutional competency in Congress to
abolish slavery in States, but am at tho same time
shieerely-hopmg and-©xpectang-that a constitutional
