1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Then we come to the next question here:
under what circumstances shall the onus pro-
banda be upon the defendant? It is where
probable cause is shown for such prosecution.
I presume that I do not err when I say that it
is not a phrase of the common law. Probable
cause is not strictly a phrase of the common
law. It 'is % phrase of the ancient Roman
jurisprudence, and derived from the ancient
Roman jurisprudence.
Mr. JOHNSON. From the prize law and
the admiralty law.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the admiralty law
derived from the Roman jurisprudence?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a phrase of the ancient
Roman jurisprudence, derived from that, enter-
ing into the jurisprudence of all continental
Europe, and all that portion of our own juris-
prudence which is dependent upon the ancient
Roman jurisprudence, the admiralty law, as
the Senator from Maryland suggests, and also
in England the law administered in consisto-
rial courts. Now, in the Roman law, to go
back to that, we find that the term probable
cause plays an immense part. There is not a
term in Roman jurisprudence, I presume, more
important than that. Where a party could
show " probable cause" for anything that he
did it was a justification. I presume one could
not err under the law of nations if he said that
a public ship overhauling a merchantman on
. the ocean, having probable cause to suspect that
the ship was not what it purported to be; then
the very fact of probable cause under such cir-
cumstances would be a sufficient defense; so
important has the rule of probable cause, in
the original Roman jurisprudence, and in those
different countries who derived their jurispru-
dence from ancient Rome, been regarded.
Now, as I understand it, this phrase is im-
ported into our statutes; it is not unknown in
them before. Of coursc it occurs constantly in
our revenue statutes, but there again, I take it,
it is derived from this same original source.
Now, it is proposed to declare that where prob-
able cause is shown for a prosecution, the bur-
den of proof shall be changed. As I have said,
by that jurisprudence from which the phrase is
derived, where probable cause is shown, it is a
defense for any authorities in any seizure they
make. They do not err. If the seizure be a
ship, or if it be a man, or if it be any article of
property, there is no mistake if the Government
shows probable cause; and so, on the other
hand, if there is probable cause to believe a
man to be guilty, the burden of evidence under
that jurisprudence absolutely changes and he
has got to bring forward his evidence in order
to overthrow that probable cause.
And now, to give a practical application to
all this, it seems to me that in this clause there
is simply an attempt, and I must say it seems
to me a proper attempt, to give an increased
stringency to the law for the reprcsssion of
smuggling, by making the showing of probable
cause the occasion for a change of the onus
probandi. I do not think there will be any
mistake if we shall adopt it.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has said, perhaps, in defense of this
proposition all that need be said, except that
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that this is not a new provision, and
then it seems to me that on the question of the
burden of proof it is not that departure which
the Senator from Maryland seems to think. It
simply puts the burden of proof on the party
only when the court shall say under the facts
adduced that the burden of proof ought to lie
on him. That is all it says. How does that
differ in principle from the case of larceny?
AVhere the goods are found in the possession
of the party charged, the burden of proof is on
• him to explain. Suppose he does not explain.
The court would tell the jury undoubtedly in
such a case that he having been in possession
of the goods, it is his duty to explain the
charge of having come wrongfully by them ;
they are lost; they are found on him: now if
he fails to explain, the court would say to the
jury in such-a case as that the burden of proof
is on him, he must explain to your satisfaction,
and failing to do it, the implication is one of
guilt.
Nowhere this section sets out certain facts:
"any person who shall fraudulently or know-
ingly import" &e., going on to state the facts
under which certain things may be done,
"knowing the same to have been imported
contrary to law," &c., shall be subject to a
penalty. The law provides that he may do that
thing properly; he may do it legally and prop-
erly ; and if he is charged with doing it wrong-
fully, and the facts appear, the facts are pre-
sented to the court, so that in the judgment of
the court the burden of proof ought to be on him,
then precisely in this case, as in the case where
a man is charged with larceny, the court may
say that the burden of proof is on him and they
may instruct the jury against him. The burden
of proof lies there under the authority of this
statute, unless he vindicates himself. The only
difference in the world is that we apply it here
to a transaction which of itself is legal under
the statute except for the guilty intent; and
when the facts, in the judgment of the court,
authorize an inference of his guilt, then he is
to stand precisely on the general principle in
criminal proceedings.
But this statute is not new; it has existed
since 1799 substantially. I will read-the pro-
visions of the act from which I suppose this
provision was taken. It is the act of 1799,
chapter twenty-two, seventy-first section. That
section concludes as follows:
"But the onue probandi shall lio on the claimant
only where probable cause is shown for Mich prose-
cution, to he adjudged of by tho court before whom
the prosecution is held."
Mr. JOHNSON. That applies to property.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no difference
between that provision and this, except that
in the statute of 1799 it applies to property;
property was proceeded against there, and now
this is a proceeding against the person. The
principle is precisely the same. It seems to
me that in principle it is not so objectionable
as is supposed by the Senator from Maryland,
and then, in practice I am sure that any other
rule would be found to be extremely mischiev-
ous.
Mr. HOWE. I was not able to agree with
the committee upon this amendment, and since
listening to the remarks of the Senator from
Maryland I am no nearer agreeing with them
than I was before. I think if the impropriety
of this proposed amendment could be demon-
strated, the Senator from Maryland has dem-
onstrated it. There are two ways'in which
this amendment may bo regarded. If you look
at the literal import of the words proposed to
be inserted here, it seems to me it provides
what nobody in the world would agree to. I
am entirely agreed that the words proposed to
be struck out should be struck out; so far I
accede to the amendment; but as to inserting
the words proposed to be inserted, I am utterly
opposed to it.
The fact to be tried is a single one. It is not
the selling of imported goods contrary to law,
or the buying of goods which have been im-
ported contrary to law. These are not crimes,
not made so, not regarded so by tho section.
The offense here provided for is the selling
or buying imported goods with a knowledge
that they were imported in violation of the law.
It is doing these things, with knowledge of the
illegal character of the act. That is what the
section is driving at. That is ivliat it is pro-
posed to punish. The cause upon which the
defendant is arraigned is, for instance, the pur-
chasing of goods, or the concealing of goods,
or tho buying of goods, knowing them to have
been imported Contrary to the law. This amend-
ment proposes to say that the burden of proof
shall lie on the defendant in case the judge says
there is probable cause for the prosecution.
What burden of proof?
Mr. BUCKALEW. It does not tell what.
Mr. HOWE. If you look at-the worda it
would be the burden of proving the complaint.
If the judge should say that the district attor-
ney had. probable cause for commencing the
prosecution, when he gets so far that he can
say that, then he must say "now the burden
of proof is upon the defendant to establish ;the
complaint to maintain the indictment." I
think that is the literal meaning of the amend-
ment ; but it probably is not the meaning which
the committee intended to give it. But, in the
most favorable view you can take of it, it is
dividing a single issue into two propositions
and submitting one of them to the court and
reserving the other to the jury. The court is
to say, when so much of the case has been
proved as that, if not explained or not contro-
verted by the defendant, the jury must find a
verdict of guilty. That much of the issue is
left to the court, and the rest of it is reserved
for the jury. The court says when the prima
facie case is made out. The jury is left to say
when the prima facie case is rebutted.
The fact of possession is a circumstance
always proper to be submitted to the tribunal
to establish the guilt, whether of importing or
buying with knowledge that the goods were
imported contrary to law; it is a circumstance
going to show guilt; it is proper to be submit-
ted to the jury; but it is proper for the jury to
say what weight should be given to that cir-
cumstance as to every other circumstance. If
that is the only circumstance which is proved
in the case, the court cannot help but say that
there was probable cause for a prosecution;
but when the court says that, rings his bell, and
says "here is probable cause for the prosecu-
tion," then ho says in effect to the jury "now
you must from this time forward in the trial
of the cause hold this man guilty until he, tak-
ing the burden of proof upon hipiself, satisfies
you by his own evidence, by his own efforts,
by what he shall marshal before you in the
nature of proof, that ho did not know anything
about it; until he shows this negative you must
assume the affirmative," the affirmative being
that he did know. That rests upon the allega-
tion of the indictment.
Any circumstance, therefore, which shall
induce the court to say that the district attor-
ney was not to blame for commencing the pros-
ecution, that he had probable cause for com-
mencing the prosecution, any circumstance that
enables the court to say that the district attor-
ney is not guilty, calls upon the defendant in
fact to prove that he is not guilty. I think this
is a.very great advance upon any rule of evi-
dence that I ever heard of in the trial of crim-
inal causes. The Senator from Massachusetts
says we may be justified in adopting more
stringent rules in these cases. I think smug-
gling is a very bad thing and ought to be put
down; but I do not know that smuggling is a
greater crime than burglary, or than murder,
or than treason. This is a r le of evidence, I
take it, we should not tolerate in the trial of
either of those crimes, and I do not know why
we should tolerate it in trying the crime of
smuggling.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, there is
very great force indeed in the observations
which have been submitted by the honorable
Senator from Maryland in opposition to this
amendment of the committee as it stands now,
and inasmuch as I was not able to be present
in the committee when this bill was considered,
I venture to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment reported by the committee, which I think
will relieve it of the objections made by tlio
Senator from Maryland, and will put it pre-
cisely upon the footing of the act of the 2d of
March, 1799, which is in force to-day on this
subject, and which has been found in the courts
of the United States to be absolutely indis-
pensable in cases of the seizure of smuggled
goods. The amendment which I propose is
to insert after the word "probandi " the words
"in cases of seizure," and in the same line to
strike out the word "defendant" and insert
the word "claimant," so that the amendment,
