m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Senate.
Representation of Southern States—Mr. Sherman.
39th Cong. ... 1 st Sess.
amendment.abolishing slavery throughout, the nation
may be adopted."
He then goes on and gives his reasons for
not approving this plan-; nor does he entirely
disapprove, of it, but. lie said it was one of
numerous plans which might be adopted.
' Mr, .SUMMER, Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ihere ? I wjll state that it so
happened that I had' an interview with the late
President, Jjiiicoln immediately after the pub-
lication of that paper, aJid it was the subject
of very minute and protracted conversation, in,
the course of which, after discussing it in de-
tail, he expressed to me his regret that he had
not accepted the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I think
every patriotic citizen of the United States will
express his regret, not so much that the Presi-
dent did not approve that bill, because I will
not condemn the President for declining to
sign it, but that Congress in connection with
the President did not agree upon some plan of
reconstruction b_v which these States might
have been guided, sotliat when the rebellion
was put down they might see in the form of
law some guide to lead them in the difficult
road to restoration. Who does not now see
that any law upon the subject would have
been better than the absence of all law? You
must remember that whatever fault there is in
this matter was in the law-making power of
Congress and the President combined. This
controversy was all over before, the presiden-
tial election, and I think before the nomina-
tion of Andrew Johnson. And in presenting
these facts 1 am bound here to say that the
paper issued by my colleague and Mr. Davis
in reply to the President's proclamation, did
not meet the sanction of the people, but was
generally condemned as introducing an un-
pleasant controversy into the presidential can-
vass.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
yield to me for a moment? I wish to propound
a question about the Wade and Davis bill. Did
not that bill provide for restricting the right of
suffrage in tho seceded States to the whites?
Mr. SHERMAN. It did. I will come to
that after awhile, and will present that point
distinctly. I have given you now, Mr. Presi-
dent,, the history of that bill. I repeat that the
declaration of my colleague was not approved
by the people. He himself, perhaps, will agree
with me that at that time it was generally re-
garded that the issue made by him before the.
people was unfortunate, because we were then
m the midst of a presidential campaign. Cer-
tain it is that the public voice, so far as it could
be gathered from the newspapers and from
speeches and from various modes of express-
ing public opinion, was against the action of
these two gentlemen, who, as chairmen of the
respective committees of the two bodies, felt it
their duty to defend this bill.
Thus, by the disagreement which commenced
two years ago between Congress and the Pres-
ident, there was left no law upon the statute-
book to guide either the President or the people
of f he southern States in their effort to get back
to the embraces of the old Union. I ri
that as a great misfortune.
PRESIDENT JOHNSON'S PLAN.
Now, I will ask Senators this plain question,
whether we have a right now, having failed to
do our constitutional duty, to arraign Andrew
Johnson for following out a plan which in his
judgment he deemed the best, and especially
when that plan was the plan adopted by Mr.
Lincoln, and which at least had the apparent
ratification of the people of the United States
in the election of Lincoln and Johnson.
After this effort made by Congress to provide
a plan of reconstruction, there was no effort
made subsequently, no bill was introduced on
the subject at the last session of Congress, no
further effort was made to harmonize the con-
flicting views of the President and Congress.
One whole session intervened after this veto,
as I may call it, of President Lincoln, and no
effort was made by Congress to reconcile this
conflict of views; and when President Johnson
came suddenly, by the hand of an assassin, into
the presidential chair, what did he have before
him to guide his steps 1 The forces of the re-
bellion had been subdued; all physical resist-
ance was soon after subdued; the armies of
Lee and Johnston and all the other armies of
the rebels had been overwhelmed,-and the South
lay at our power. Who doubts, theii, that if
there had been a law upon the statute-book by
which the people of the southern States could
have been guided in their effort to come back
into the Union, they would have cheerfully fol-
lowed it, although the conditions had been
hard?
In the absence of law, I ask you whether
President Lincoln and President Johnson did
not do substantially right when they adopted a
plan of their own and endeavored to carry it
into execution ? Although we maynowfindfault
with the terms and conditions that were im-
posed by them upon the southern States, yet
we must remember that the source of all power
in this country, the people of the United States,
in the election of these two men substantially
sanctioned the plan of Mr. Lincoln. Why,'sir,
at the very time that Andrew Johnson Was nom-
inated for the Vice Presidency he was in Ten-
nessee as military governor, executing the very
plan that he subsequently attempted to carry
out, and he was elected Vice President of the
United States when he was in the practical
execution of that plan. And now, before we
examine the steps taken by the President, and
fairly weigh the wisdom of his policy, we must
determine the legal status of the seceding States.
STATES IN INSURRECTION.
What was the condition of these States ? I
shall not waste much time upon this point,
because mere theoretical ideas never appear to
me to have much force when we are legislating
on practical matters. They have been declared
to be States in insurrection, but States still.
The very resolution we have before us repeats
three times that they are States now. They are
referred to as States not entitled to representa-
tion. They are stated to be,
" The eleven States which have been declared to be
in insurrection."
And again:
"No Senator or Representative shall be admitted
into either branch of Congress from any of said States
until Congress shall have declared mc% State entitled
to such representation."
I could show very many acts of Congress in
which they are referred to as States, but States
in insurrection. And there is no difference
between Congress and the President as to the
present condition of these States. The execu-
tive branch of the Government in all its de-
partments now treats them as States in rebel-
lion or in insurrection. Tennessee is the only
one of these States that has been proclaimed by
the President to be out of insurrection. He is
now exercising power in all these States as
States in insurrection. He is suspending news-
papers, exercising arbitrary power, suspending
the writ of habeas corpus, treating them yet as
States in insurrection; and in this view, as I
have stated, Congress concurs.
Now, what is the legal result of a State being
in insurrection ? It was sufficiently declared in
the proposition I have already read, offered by j
the Senator from Missouri. They have no right j
while they are in insurrection to elect electors •
to the Electoral College; they have no right to j
elect Senators and Representatives. In other j
words, they lose all those powers, rights, and i
privileges conferred upon them by the Consti-
tution of the United States. Having taken up
arms against the United States, they by that
act lose their constitutional powers within the
United States to govern and control our coun-
cils. _ They cannot engage in the election of a
President, or in the election of Senators or
members of Congress; but they are still States,
and have been so regarded by every branch and
every department of this Government. They
are States in insurrection, whose rights under
the Constitution are suspended until they cease
to be in insurrection. When that period arrives
is a question, in my judgment, which must be
determined by Congress, and not by the Pres-
ident, for the reason I have already stated; but
it is clear that the first duty of Congress,- nnder
these circumstances, is to provide a mode and
manner by which the condition of the States
may be tested, and they may come back, one
by one, each upon its own merits, upon com-
plying with such conditions as the public safety
demands.
WHAT THE PRESIDENT DID.
I propose now to recall, very briefly, the steps
adopted by President Johnson in his plan of
reconstruction. I do this for the purpose of
presenting to the Senate, in a condensed view,
the precise plan of reconstruction adopted by
him, so that we may see at a single glance the
present condition of these eleven States. When
Mr. Johnson came into power he found the
rebellion substantially subdued. What did he
do ? His first act was to retain in his confi-
dence and in his councils every member of the
Cabinet of Abraham Lincoln, and so far as we
know every measure adopted by Andrew John-
son has had the approval and sanction of that
Cabinet. If there is any doubt upon any meas-
ure-it is upon the recent veto message ; but up
to and including that message, so far as we
know—and in matters of this kind we cannot
rely upon street rumors—Andrew Johnson's
plan has met the approval of the Cabinet of
Abraham Lincoln. He has executed every
law passed by Congress upon every subject
whatever, and especially has lie executed the
Freedmen's Bureau bill. He placed at the head
of that bureau General Howard, one of the most
fit and worthy men in the United States, to
conduct the delicate affairs of that bureau, and
General Howard has never asked him for any
single act of authority, any single power that
was not freely granted by President Johnson.
The Freedmen's Bureau is also under the con-
trol of Edwin M. Stanton. Every act passed
by Congress in any way bearing on this rebel-
lion the President has fairly and promptly ex-
ecuted. If there is any that he has failed to
execute T should thank any Senator to name it
to me for I do not now recall it. Not only that,
but he adopted the policy of President Lincoln
in hcec verba, as J shall show hereafter in
examining his proclamations, and he extended
and made more severe, as you may say, the pol-
icy adopted by Mr. Lincoln. Not only that,
but in carrying out his plans of reconstruction,
he adopted all the main features of the only bill
passed by Congress—the Wade and Davis"bill.
I have the bill before me, but I have not time
to go into its details. My colleague, who re-
members the features of that bill, will know
that the general plan adopted by President John-
son is the only plan that was ever adopted by
Congress. Let us look into President John-
sop's plan a little more and see what it was.
His first proclamation was in reference to Vir-
ginia. In this proclamation, dated Executive
Chamber, May 9, 18t">5, he provided:
fhat all acts and proceeding of the politi-
cal, military, and civil organizations which been
in a state of insuirection and rebellion within the
State of V irgima against the authority and laws of
theunited States, and of which Jefferson Davis John
Letcher, and William Smith were late the respective
emets, are declared null arid void."
With a single stroke he swept away the whole
superstructure of the rebellion. Tlicn he pro-
vides for the execution of all the power? of the
national Government within the rebel territory,
extending there our tax laws. Perhaps Pres-
ident Johnson ought to have thought a little
about these proclamations when he disputed
the power of Congress.to tax the people of the
southern States. Ho was the first to extend
over those States the tax laws of the United
States, and appoint assessors and collectors of
