1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2567
to apply the provisions which I have read from
the act of 1799 to every cause of prosecution
against property under the revenue acts ; and
probable cause being shown, to then call upon
the defendant to overcome it if lie could.
Now, to come to the act which we have in
question; this fourth section provides for two
descriptions of things: one is the forfeiture of
merchandise which may_ be illegally imported,
and the other is the punishment of the person
who shall be guilty of the illegal and fraudulent
importation. So far as the application of this
rule of evidence to a' case of distinct prosecu-
tion against a person by which he may be de-
prived of his liberty is concerned, I entirely
agree to what has been said by the Senator
from Maryland that it is going beyond what the
law has been hitherto and is going beyond the
just principles which ought to furnish security
in cases^ where liberty is involved ; but when
you limit it, as my amendment proposes to limit
it, to cases of seizure of goods provided for in
that section, and to cases where a parly volun-
tarily appears in court and claims the property,
then it appears to me that it is not asking too
much to require such a claimant, probable cause
having been made out against the property, to
introduce some proof in order to authorize the
court to give it up to him. In most cases, in
all cases of admiralty seizure, of maritime juris-
diction, that is not a question for a jury at all;
it is only in cases of municipal seizure that a
jury has anything to do with it; so that with
the amendment which I have had the honor to
submit it appears to me that we are only stand-
ing exactly upon the theory and practice under
the act of 1799.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I feel a
little interest in this bill as I live on the north-
western frontier where there is more or less of
the business of smuggling, and I know that
there is a necessity for stringent legislation
upon that subject. I believe that this amend-
ment which is proposed by the Committee on
Commerce to this bill is not objectionable, and
I am not very certain that the bill as it origin-
ally stood would be too strong in its applica-
tion to cases of this description. To import
goods into the United States is a lawful busi-
ness, though goods may be imported contrary
to law, and in that respect the business of
importation stands upon a different footing, as
it appears to me, from other kinds of business
to which reference has been made during this
discussion for illustration. Larceny is not a
lawful business, burglary is not a lawful busi-
ness, arson is not a lawful business ; but the
importation of goods is a lawful business, and
therefore there is greater difficulty in detecting
a violation of law in that business than under
other circumstances that have been suggested
by thosewho object to this amendment. This
amendment, as I understand it, where probable
cause appears for a prosecution, transfers the
onus probandi to the defendant. I do not
think that this provision contravenes the pro-
visions of law applicable to criminal prosecu-
tions in other cases as has been suggested.
Now, where a man is prosecuted for larceny
and has possession of the stolen goods within
a reasonable time after the commission of the
crime, that time is presumptive evidence of his
guilt, and it becomes necessary for him to
explain that_ possession and rebut the pre-
sumption which arises from that fact. Where
goods have been imported contrary to law, and
they are found soon after their importation in
a man's possession, this amendment simply
requires him to explain that possession and
show how he came to have in his hands goods
that had been imported contrary to law.
Mr. CLARK. Suppose the Senator should
turn his attention to the case of a man who has
counterfeit money in his possession, which is
an offense where there is an intent to pass it,
would it be quite just to impose the burden of
proof on the man who happened to have the
money? A man may buy an article which has
been imported contrary to law, not knowing it,
in the same way that he may have a counter-
feit bill and not know it. The law does not
impose upon the man having the counterfeit
bill the onus of the proof showing that he did
not know that it was counterfeit. It is a case
more analogous to this than the one put by the
Senator, T think.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think not, because the
case which I put is the case where a man is
found in the possession of goods to which he
has no right by law, and in this case the man
is found in the possession of goods to which
he has no right by law, so that the cases, as it
seems to me, are analogous cases.
Upon the northwestern fronticrit is custom-
ary for persons to go on board vessels at Vic-
toria and come around to Portland with trunks
and packages, and to violate the revenue laws
in that way; and when a prosecution is com-
menced against the master of the vessel, al-
though the fact of the importation contrary to
law is established as a general rule, the defense
that he makes is that he was ignorant of the
fact that the goods were brought upon his
vessel or that they were brought into the port
of Portland contrary to the law. Now, if the
law be that the fact that he has imported those
goods in violation of the law is probable cause
of prosecution, and he understands it to be the
law, then it will make him diligent, and when
goods are brought on board his vessel he will
sec to it that they are goods that can be trans-
ported, or on which the duties are paid, and
that they are not brought into the ports of the
United"States contrary to law.
In that respect I think this provision will be
of advantage. It will make it necessary for
masters and those who have the management
of ships to be more diligent to prevent smug-
gling. Trunks of opium, for instance, are taken
on ships at Victoria and brought to Portland.
When the master of the vessel is prosecuted
for smuggling, the fact that a trunk filled with
opium has been brought from a British port to
an American port contrary to law is undeni-
able, but the master undertakes to defend him-
self upon the ground that he was ignorant, that
he did not know that there were such goods on
board his vessel, and if he is inattentive to
his duties he may successfully make that de-
fense ; but if, when the fact is established that
he has imported these goods contrary to law,
he is then compelled to show that he did not
know that the goods were on board the ship,
it seems to me that he will be more diligent
and take more pains to see that the laws of the
country are maintained in this respect.
It seems to me that to declare that when
probable cause for the prosecution is estab-
lished the onus probandi shall be on the de-
fendant, is not a proposition that is objection-
able as urged by gentlemen who oppose it, and
that in cases of this description it is absolutely
necessary. Possession of the goods by the man
who transports them or by any person after
they are transported is probable cause if the
goods are found in his possession within a rea-
sonable time. That constitutes probable cause;
and what does the court say to the jury when
a man is prosecuted for smuggling or pros-
ecuted for assisting in smuggling and the fact
appears to the court and jury that these goods
after their arrival at the port were in the pos-
session of the individual prosecuted? Now, the
court say "the possession of these goods at
this time, within a short time after they arrive
in the port, is probable cause." If a long time
elapsed, their possession would not amount to
probable cause, as in a case of larceny; but
if the goods that are smuggled into the port
are found soon after in the possession of an
individual who is prosecuted for a violation of
this law, the court would say to the jury, " Gen-
tlemen, this fact that the goods were in the
possession of this man is probable cause for
the prosecution, and it is necessary that he
should explain this possession and show that
it is consistent with his innocence."
That is all, it seems to me, that this provis-
ion amounts to, and it is not an unreasonable
provision; and I think that, considering the
difficulties in maintaining prosecutions for vio-
lations of this law and the various arts and
expedients that are resorted to by men engaged
in this business, this is not a rule too stringent
and it will be found to operate well in prac-
tice.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, if the illus-
trations given by the honorable Senator from
Oregon were to be taken as an exemplification
of how this section was to be applied, I should
hesitate very much before I should vote for the
proposed amendment. The honorable Senator
says that the captains of ships and the owners
of ships must be made responsible when they
bring goods into the country which are contra-
band goods, which are dutiable, but upon which
the duties have not been paid; that they must
be subject to punishment. I think he gives us
an illustration that would, in the cases to which
he calls our attention, prohibit all trade what-
ever. I submit to the Senator himself, in re-
gard to the ships trading between Oregon and
the British port of Victoria, in. British Colum-
bia, and between that port and the ports of
California, that it is simply impossible for the
captains of those vessels to know the contents
of every trunk that comes on board. How can
it be done? Must a captain demand that every
trunk and every package shall be opened before
it goes on his ship? 1 apprehend not; and yet
if a trunk is found to contain opium when it
arrives at Portland in Oregon, or San Fran-
cisco in California, in possession of a passen-
ger without the knowledge of the captain, it
being impossible for him to know, he having
exercised all the vigilance possible 
Mr. JOHNSON. In a passenger's private
baggage?
Mr. CONNESS. In his private baggage I
am speaking of. His ship is at stake; although
his ship may not be forfeited by the law, ne
knows that he will be subject to continuous and
expensive prosecutions and litigations with all
the diligence that he can exercise; and incited
by these consequences, he is yet to be held
responsible. I think it would be the interest
of every man to put his money into something
else than into American ships under such
Pir/iiirrmfjuifPS 1
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator will allow
me to say that is not my position. I simply
say that he ought to be responsible unless he
can show that he was ignorant of the fact, and
therefore innocent. When the master of a
vessel imports goods into the United States
contrary to law, the onus of proving his inno-
cence ought to be upon the master, in my
opinion.
Mr. CONNESS. Does the Senator not use
a term not exactly the best there, when he speaks
of the master of a vessel importing goods?
The master of a vessel commands the ship.
The cargo is taken on board. The cargo con-
sists of goods imported by merchants in Port-
land or in San Francisco. They are the
importers. They know the contents of the
cargo. The captain cannot possibly know; he
is not the importer in any.sense as I understand
it. He simply commands the ship and sees
that his ship is safe from port to port. It is
true that the law holds him not to be in com-
plicity with the violation of the revenue laws,
and that is right. But if he have no such com-
plicity at all, why shall you construct a law that
shall hold him for knowing the contents of
every private package brought on board of his
ship? If that were the effect of this amend-
ment I could not vote for it; but I do not
so understand the amendment. I may misun-
derstand it, but if that be its effect I think it
ought not to be adopted. All that the laws of
the United States can hold our ship-masters and
ship-owners to is the honest exercise of all the
vigilance that they can employ to prevent smug-
gling. When they have yielded that much,
they should certainly not be held responsible
further than that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Ebmunds] to the amendment of the committee
to insert after the word "probandi" the words
"in cases of seizure," and to strike out .the
