1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3527
wasyourt.ext-book? Was it Uncle Tomfe Cabin,
so pathetically written by—I say it without any
disparagement of the ladj'—a strong-minded
woman? Was it in her book which was writ-
tell to draw tears from weak-minded men and
feeble-minded women thatyoulearnedaM about
the negro-race? What were her opportunities
for acquiring a knowledge of the capacities of
the negro? Was it from the northern press
that yon learned your wisdom? "How many of
their editors ever were in the midst of this race
that they could judge of their qualifications for
participation in public affairs? Sir, they staid
at home, and if a John Brown raid was to be
got up they were not the men to go, "but men
of firmer nerve and men made of sterner stuff.
. Mr. President,' in some of the States-of this
Union a majority of the population are of that
class. I refer to those States, not because this
bill proposes to force negro suffrage upon them,
hut because this bill is a recognition of the prin-
ciple. Every one who has traveled in those
States knows full well that you might as well
admit to the polls the mules and the cows, for
all practical wise purposes of legislation, as a
majority of sueli a race. Bow do you know,
sir, that the negro race in the Territories of the
United States are better fitted for the purposes
of participation in public affairs than they are
in those States? Have you ever been there to
see? Do you know anything about it? You
do not propose to select such of them as are
qualified ; you propose no terms or conditions
upon this class as a qualification for the oxer-
cise-of this high governmental privilege; but
yon say that every one of them, whether he has
qualifications or not, shall participate in this
privilege, and you ask the intelligent white
adventurer who has gone to make his fortune
in a western home, the man of high purpose
and firm resolve, who has left the home of his
fathers to seek a better condition far off, to be
governed, so far as the negro race can govern
him, by the votes of negroes in the Territories
oflhe United States.
Sir, honorable Senators who advocate this
proposition may suppose that it will be popular,
that the idea of the equality of all men will be so
popular that it will sweep as a hurricane the
political field, and continue for an indefinite term
in power those who so disinterestedly and patri-
otically advocate it. Mr. President, there never
was a greater humbug preached upon earth as
from the Almighty than the equality of races.
The great God, in the human as well as in other
animal races, has formed a great chain; and
that chain is composed of links ; in other words,
there is the highest step, the next higher step,
the next higher step until you come to the very
lowest step in animal and in human existence,
and to preach that the race which occupies this
lower step in the great gradation of life is equal
to that race which occupies the highest is con-
tradictory to the observation of man and is in
contravention of the workings of the Almighty.
It is not true in inanimate nature that equality
is the law of God and of nature; it is not so
in human existence ; it is not so in other ani-
mal existence; it is not so in the great works
of nature spread out- before our view. I ask
you to go with me into the majestic forest and
view with me the great trees found upon your
Pacific slope ; go with me into the great forests
of your country and tell me, if equality be the
law of nature and' race, why it is that you see
the majestic oak spreading his branches far and
wide, upon whose thousand boughs the birds
of heaven chirp and sing sweetly, and then why
beside it do you see the little sapling that is
unworthy of notice?
No, sir, equality is not the law of God or
nature; but inequality, diversity is the great
law. Man in his wisdom, legislators with their
superior knowledge, may say j;hat all these
things are wrong and ought to be different.
The Almighty could have made the mole which
burrows in the ground equal to the lion which
majesticallv roams the forest. Isthe one equal
to the other? If so, why did not the Almighty
make them so? He could have, done it. lake
the other great animals which roam in your for-
ests and the more obscure and less distinguished
animals which you deem not worthy either of
your curiosity or regard. If equality bo the
law of nature and nature's God, tell me why
He did not make these animals alike, why did
not He make the trees and the bushes and the
shrubbery of the forest all the same! Your
humble scrubby pines might have equaled
those of Lebanon if He had chosen so to do.
The fact that He did not choose to do so shows
the truth of my proposition, that equality is not
in the works of nature or in animal existence
His law; and if it be not His law in the works
of nature and in other animal existence, where
is the evidence that we have of its being His
law in the existence of the human race? Ob-
servation does not tcachit; history disprovesit.
Sir, the proud and noble race to which wo i
belong has had its moments of darkness and '
ignorance, even when its members made their
homes in the caves of the earth ; but there was
a Heaven-inspired power, a something placed
within that, race by the determined will of the
Almighty, which caused it to develop itself and
become the great guiding race of the world.
Why do you not find that race now in its ori-
ginal ignorance and barbarism ? It is because
the Almighty God, when He breathed into our
ancestors the breath of life, made it as a dis-
tinguishing race, the crowning work of His
almighty power on earth. But take the race
which you now propose to admit to a partici-
pation in public affairs; go to his native home
where for century after century he has dwelt,
and show the developments and improvements
which he has made. You find him in his ori-
ginal ignorance, in his original barbarism, not
making one single step in the onward path to en-
lighteumentand to civilization. What is the rea-
son? I believe it to be because the eternal God
for Ilis own wise purposes made distinctions be-
tween (he different races which He made; and
dost thou, oh man, say that this is all wrong?
Shall the clay accuse the potter? He who
made all the trees of the forest, the animals of
the field, and the men who inhabit the earth,
of all gradations and all conditions, had the
right to establish inequality. His power was
omnipotent: His will all controlling; and what
He made the creature has no right to ques-
tion.
Sir, that is not only sound reasoning, derived
from the observation of His works wherever
we find them, but it is the teaching and the in-
spiration of that Book of books, from which,
in childhood at our mother's knee, we learned
those lessons which if properly observed would
guide us to brighter and happier climes. Sir,
even in that better world, if - we believe the
language of inspiration, you are not to have
equality, but as one star differeth from another
star in glory, so, also, shall they be in the future
world. Inspiration adds its voice to the mani-
festation of God Almighty's works on earth
and attests the absurdity; ay, sir, the infidel-
ity of this doctrine of equality of races or the
equality of man.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise for the
purpose of going into this view of the subject,
but to say a few words by way of protest against
the incorporation into the organic act organiz-
ing these Territories of this obnoxious provis-
ion. I cannot see how the legislation of these
Territories, how the public peace, how the
rights of the community, civil and political,
are to be elevated or advanced by the recogni-
tion of such a principle as this in those organic
acts. Unless gentleman can show that there
is some wrong to be remedied, practically, not
theoretically; unless they can show that there
is some wrong that should be remedied, and
which can only be remedied by such a provis-
ion as this, and by_ the recognition of such a
right as this, then, sir, I obtest before this Sen-
ate that your legislation is unwise, and you are
treading upon hallowed ground because you
are not guided by any light from the past.
There is nothing in the past to show you that
the condition of the people of these Territo-
ries would bo bettered by conferring this priv-
ilege upon the negro race. Therefore, finding
nothing in the experience of the past demon-
strating that the conditibn of the people in
these Territories would be bettered by such
legislation, I ask you, is it not rash legislation
to make the attempt now ?
It is only for the good of the people of the
Territories and for the good of my country that
I have felt it an imperative duty to protest
against this sort of legislation. Were I to
speak only as a partisau ; were I to look only
to the success of the political organization to
which I belong, I should hail every measure
of this kind that you passed as a means to re-
store to power that noble party to which it is my
pride and my boast that from childhood to the
present hour, amidst all tho mutations of party,
I have ever belonged; and with all the expe-
rience of the past I would not change it tot-
ally party that ever existed in this country. As
a mere party man I should hail your legisla-
tion as a means of your own defeat, because
I cannot believe that when these questions are
fairly and fully presented to the American
people, and when in the quietude of home, in
the stillness of tho midnight hour, they shall
reflect upon this species of legislation, they
will not meet it with an overpowering and
overwhelming condemnation. If it is the con-
tinuance of party power that you aim at, go on,
gentlemen, in your madness and infatuation. I
have not so read the Tdiaracteiyl have not so
read the sentiments of the race to which I be-
long, as to believe that now, -when reason has
resumed its throne and judgment has taken its
place, they will ever approve such legislation.
I repeat, sir, that if I spoke to-day as a mere
partisan, I should hail your legislation as a
great political boon ; but I do not so speak.
Mr. President, it is time wo had ceased speak-
ing theoretically; it is time we had quit shed-
ding crocodile tears over the wrongs of the poor
negro race. As legislators we should look at
the questions presented in the legislation pro-
posed as practical men and as practical states-
men. What, even now, let me ask, has the great
boon of freedom which you say you have given
to the negro race profited them? If we are to
believe the accounts we read hundreds and
thousands of those who thought you meant to
do them good are returning to their old homes
in the South, and hundreds and thousands more
who stay away are left to languish and to die;
and in some of the States, a distinguished gen-
tleman from Mississippi told me, if I mistake not,
that one fourth or one third of the whole negro
race as it existed previous to tho liberation
which you gave them, have ceased to exist, have
died. Under tho nurturing care of their mastei's
and former owners they were happy, they were
contented. They sought not. this boon which
you proffered them. You came promising them
a blessing and you have brought to them starva-
tion and death. I speak from no unkindness
to this rr cc. I think that I know them as well
as, in fact better than, some Senators who have
never been among them. I was raised, to be
sure, in comparatively a small slaveholding
State, but amidst slaves. I had them to nur-
ture me when an infant, to lead me when a child.
I never felt any unkindness toward them; I
wish them well; and now when I meet one that
I knew in my boyhood there is 110 anger m my
heart, but thanks and kindness; and that is tho
universal feeling among those who have known
them and been associated with them. There
are monsters in human flesh everywhere. There
are men in the North who whip their own chil-
dren to death, even, sir, in the enlightened State
that you so ably represent. There are men in
the North who kill their own mothers, even in
tho State which is so honorably represented by
the Presiding Officer of this body. There are
monsters in the northwestern States who mur-
der their own children. There may be mon-
sters found in the southern States who cruelly
treat their slaves; but tho cases in one section
as in the other are exceptions to the general
rule.
