1866.
TlHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
scrutiny of that committee. I have no fault to
find with the gentleman from Pennsylvania fox-
getting his bill in this way. Of course he pre-
ferred to have the child nursed by its friends.
We have claims of other States of a like char-
acter, and - whatever example we may set in
relation to this bill the House will be disposed
to follow.
Now, while we are all ready and willing to
relieve the people of some part of their taxa-
tion, I do think that such large appropriations
ought to be subjected to careful scrutiny, and
I hope the House -will come to the conclusion
to recommit this bill to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. Let us have a bill based on some
general principles upon which we can stapd,
by which other States may have their claims
adjusted.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield the floor to
my colleague, [Mr. K vxru u..]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
but a word to say in reference to the objection
raised by the gentleman from Vermont, [ Mr.
Morrill. ] I should suppose after he had char-
acterized this as an old acquaintance, that he
had given to it a thorough examination. But
for one I am in favor of any examination or
scrutiny that can be made of the bill. I do
not know what my colleague [Mr. Stevens]
desires, but for myself 1 am perfectly willing
that it should pass through the severest scru-
tiny, knowing that it is a just claim. It is in
fact an obligation which is due to Pennsylvania
by the United States Government. The Gov-
ernor of the State of Pennsylvania_(the Legis-
lature not being in session) found himself com-
pelled to take some responsibility without a
law authorizing an expenditure necessary to
pay and equip the soldiers called out at this
period, the State being invaded. The Gov-
ernor accordingly went to Philadelphia and
borrowed this entire sum of money from pa-
triotic men of that city. They advanced their
money without any written obligation, merely
upon the word of the Secretary of War trans-
mitted to them by telegraph and the word in
person of the Governor ot the State, but for
this it is not the less sacred in morals or equity.
It has not lost any of its force by examination
or by delay, and i think that for the House to
refuse to pay this obligation would be substan-
tially repudiation.
I think it is right that a full examination
should be made, and such has been made fully,
fairly, and completely. If, however, the gen-
tleman who has charge of the bill desires that
it should go to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs for further examination, and such is the
pleasure of the House, I am perfectly willing.
It must come out of any investigation unim-
paired in merit.
Several Memders. No, no.
Mr. STE VEN S. The House knows all about,
it. I yield now to my colleague. [Mr. Boyer.]
Mr. BOYER. My colleague [Mr. Stkvexs]
first yielded the floor to my colleague [Mr.
Broomaix] in preference to me upon a ground
the validity of which I am not willing to rec-
ognize, as I was also in the same war as cap-
tain of a military company, and "my sword was
quite as bloodless as that of my colleague, and
I trust my heart quite as loyal.
If I can have the attention of the House a
few moments I think I can answer any rea-
sonable objection to the passage of this bill.
This claim of the State of Pennsylvania rests
upon contract. It is based upon_ the express
pledges of the President of the United States
and the Secretary of War.
This money was originally due to certain
banks and monejed institutions in the city of
Philadelphia, who advanced the same upon the
joint credit of the Government of the United
States and the State of Pennsylvania for the
purpose of paying the troops which had been
raised in Pennsylvania to repel the rebel raid
into that State in the summer of 1863, the
United States being the principal debtor and
the State of Pennsylvania surety for the faith-
ful repayment of the amount.
Both the Secretary of War and the President
of the United States recommended to the last
Congress |hat an appropriation should be made
sufficient to pay this amount. The items had
been examined by the proper Department, and
the Second Auditor had certified to their cor-
rectness. Congress, however, having neglected
to make the required appropriation, the State
of Pennsylvania, as surety, paid every dollar
of the debt to the lenders. She is now here
to ask that the. United States, the principal
debtor, shall refund to her this money. It
therefore touches the credit and the honor of
the General Government.
It is too late to meet this claim by the plea
that these troops were not mustered into the
service of the United States for two reasons:
first, because the United States accepted, the
service of the troops under the muster as it
was; second, because after the troops had gone
into service, and after the rebels had been re-
pelled, the President of the United States and
the Secretary of War, with full knowledge of
the nature of the muster, gave the pledges upon
which Pennsylvania now claims, as a matter
of contract, that this money should be paid.
I will read to the House the letter of the
Secretary of War- recommending to the last
Congress that an appropriation should be made
for this purpose:
War Department,
Washington City, January 4,1864.
Sir : The Department has this day received returns
of the amount reQuired for the payment of the  mili-
tia onlled out for the defense of the State of Penn-
sylvania, on the 2fith of .Tune,1863, against tho inva-
sion by the rebel forces under the command of General
Lee. Xhcrcbeingno appropriation outof which these
payments could bo mad© at the time they were re-
quired. patriotic citizens of Philadelphia advanced
the money, and it is proper that they should bo reim-
bursed without delay. I would respectfully recom-
mend, therefore, that an immediate appropriation tor
that purpose he made. A copy ol tho letter ol the
Second Auditor of the Treasury is herewith commu-
nicated, showing the amount of claims audited by him
to be $G71.17l> 43 up to date. It is supposed that
$700,000 will cover the amount ot these claims.
1 have the honor to
Secretary of VForr.
Hon. Tiuddf.cs Stevens, Chairman of the Committee
of Vtaysand Means, House of Representatives.
I will take the liberty, in this connection, to
read (what has not been read to the House be-
fore) the indorsement of this recommendation
by President Lincoln:
I i'nlly indorse tho witliin statement and reeom-
mendation, and shall bo glad if Congi ess sce nt toirtct
promptly in the case. A. LliNtOLiN.
And perhaps, as a day lias intervened since
tliis subject was up before tho House, it may
be well enough to read again the dispatch oi
the Secretary of War to the Governor of Penn-
sylvania upon the credit of which this money
had been advanced :
"Washington, July 22, 1863.
To his Excellency Governor A. G. Cuktin:
Your telegrams respecting-thepayof militia,called
out under your proclamation ot the 27 th of J une, have
been referred to the President lor instructions, and
have been under hisconsideration. He directs me to
sav, that while no law or appropriation authorizes
the payment, by the General Government, oi troops
that have not been mustered into the service ol the
United States, he will recommcnd to Congress to make
an appropriation for the payment _ot troops^ called
into State service to lcpel an actual invasion, includ-
ing those of tho State of Pennsylvania. If, in the
mean time, you can raise the nccc&sary amount, as has
been done in other States, the appropriation will be
applied to refund the advance to those who macle it.
Measures have been taken for the payment oi
troops mustered into the United States scrvicc, as
soon as the muster and pay-rolls arc n^adc out. ihe
answer oi this Department, to you as Governor oi the
State will be given directly to yourself, whenever
the Department is
Secretary of IVar.
The message of the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania upon this subject, addressed to the Legis-
lature of that State, contains the following state-
ment in reference to the communication just
read:
"On tho faith of these assurances T proposed that
the moneyed institutions of the State should advance
tho money, there being no State appropriation for
the purpose. I pledged myself that 11 the money
should be so advanced T would recommend an appro-
priation by the Legislature to refund it, in case Con-
gress should fail to do so."
These troops were in the actual service of the
United States. They wore the United States
uniform, carried United States -muskets, fol-
lowed the United States flag, and were com-
manded by general officers appointed over them
by the Federal Government. They were in
three States besides our own, namely, Maty-
land, West Virginia, and Ohio. It is a slander,
therefore, to say, as has been uttered here in
reference to these troops, that they refused, to
cross the State line. The Governor of Penn-
sylvania, in his last annual message, has stated
in a few words the nature of their services, and
the promptitude with which they were willing,
in defense of the common country, to cross the
boundary of the State. Governor Curtin says:
"Acting under orders, theydid not hesitate to cross
the State line and enter Ohio and West Virginia,, in
the West; and in tho East they defended the lme
of the Susquehanna, were at Gettysburg before tho
advance of the army of the Potomac, defended Car-
lisle successfully when attacked by a superior force,
made long marches, patiently suffering great priva-
tions for the want ofsufficientmeansof transportation,
crossed into Maryland when ordered, and attacked the
enemy successfully, and saved, the capital of their
State from destruction."
These' men, it is true, did. not belong to a
class who expected to remain during a long
campaign in the Army. Most of them had al-
ready borne their full proportionate share of
tho burdens of the war. Many of them were
not adapted to the profession of arms, but
whose pursuits and whose usefulness in life lay
in a different direction, and various duties and
disabilities prevented them from remaining a
long time in the service. But for the emer-
gency tjiey were willing to incur all risks, and
when the invading rebels swept past the armies
of the Union and struck at this General Gov-
ernment in the very center of its power, then
it was that the Pennsylvania farmer, who had
already sent his sons to the war, left his plow
in the unfinished furrow, and the merchant,
who had already a substitute in the Army, with-
out even making preparation to'meethis notes
at the bank, left his unposted ledger lying at
the counter, and the lawyer forsook his clients,
and the judge adjourned his court and ordered
the court-house bell to be rung for the assem-
bling of the people, and there were improvised
on the spot throughout the limits of Pennsyl-
vania these companies of militia who rallied
in defense of their country in that hour of its
peril.
They were assisted by tlie militia from iSew
York and from New J ersey, who deserved great
credit for the promptitude and the courage which
they displayed incoming so quickly from New
York and NTew Jersey to the defense of Penn-
sylvania. But they were all engaged in defense
of their common country. Pennsylvania is the
frontier of New York, and the frontier of New
Jersey; and in defending Pennsylvania, they
defended their own States as well.
They have been paid. When this question
was up before, it was asserted by the gentleman
from New J ersey [Mr. Rogers] that the troops
of New Jersey had not yet been paid in full.
My colleague [Mr. Stlvens] has however
again asserted to-day that those troops have
been paid, and I do not now hear it denied by
any one. .
Mr. RO GEES. I know that the troops from
New Jersey have not been paid.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not make the asser-
tion myself; but I saw the evidence in the War
Department positively asserting that they were
PaMr. RO GEES. A certain amount has been
paid; but some one hundred and eight thou-
sand dollars is still due.
Mr. BINGHAM. How much has been paid?
Mr. ROGERS. I do not know; I know that
$103,000 is still due.
Mr BOYEK. At all events, by paying a
portion of the amount, the priuciplejias been
established that the troops are to be paid ; a,nd
whenever the State of New Jersey shall bring
in here her claim for the balancc due by the
General Government for the services of her
troops, I shall support it with the greatest
cheerfulness.
Mr. ROGEES. Then why not refer the tall
