160$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
to a committee until we can have an opportu-
nity to get the claims of New Jersey and other
States? I am told that the State of New York
lias also a claim.
Mr. BOYER. It is because I think each
claim should stand by itself upon its merits.
Mr. ROGERS. I understand that the State
of Missouri has a claim.
Mr. BOYER. I can see no good reason for
aggregating all these claims in a sort of omni-
bus bill, any more than for consolidating differ-
ent suits between different parties to be tried
at the same time before the same court and jury.
Let each case stand upon its own merits. This
case of Pennsylvania rests upon the plighted
faith and honor of the General Government;
it rests upon the word of the'President of the
United States, which during the war was held
competent for the accomplishment of far greater
things than this. It was held to be sufficient,
without an act of Congress, to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like to interfere
with my colleague's remarks, but as my time is
fast passing I must resume the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] promised to yield to me
for a few moments.
Mr. STEVENS. I know-that I did, but I
cannot fulfill the promise now. When this
measure was up during the last Congress, Mr.
Wood made the assertion that the State of
New York hud not been paid, and he moved
an amendment. The bill then passed over to
the next week. When it again came up, Mr.
Wood got up in his place and stated that he
had-received a letter from the Governor of the
State of New York informing him that the
New York troops had been paid in fall. There
was 110 pretense that the New Jersey troops
had not been paid. Now, 1 have seen a cer-
tificate that New Jersey was paid in full.
Mr. ROGERS. It was pretended distinctly
that New Jersey was not paid, and I made an
argument against the bill on the ground that
New Jersey had not been paid. 1 obtained
the items of the account.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Why did not the gentle-
man present those items ?
Mr. ROGERS. Because I could get no op-
portunity to do so, the bill is rushed through
so fast.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say one word in
reply to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill.] who is mistaken in regard to this
bill. Ft was considered during the last Con-
gress by the only appropriate committee, the
Committee of Ways and Means, and this ses-
sion it has been considered by the only appro-
priate committee, the Committee on" Appro-
priations. This bill has already passed the
House once, and I now ask for a vote.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered. If the reconsid-
eration should prevail, I desire to move the
reference oi the bill to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
On agreeing to the motion to reconsider,
there were—ayes 41, noes 57.
Mr. ROGERS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rogers
and Broouau. were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
•—ayes .'12, nays 05.
So the motion to reconsider wasnotagreedto.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes sixteen.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spald-
ing and Boyer were appointed.
The House divided; and the telleA reported
—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 35, not voting
63; as follows :
YEAS-^-Messrs. Alley, Ancona, James M. Ashley,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
,liam, Blaine, Boyer, Broomall, Bnncly, Reader W.
Clarke, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Donnelly, Driggs,
Ec-kley, Eggleston, Eliot, Ea,rquhar, Perry, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Grinncll, Uriswold, Abner C. Harding,
Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Hogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Asahel W. Ilubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jones, Kelley, Kelso,
Kuykendall, Lafiin, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, McCul-
lough, McKee, Mxrenr, Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Myers, Nocll, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Phelps,
Plants, Price, Samuel J. B,andall,John II. Rice, Rol-
lins, Seoiield, Stovons, Stilwell, Strouse, Thayer.
John L, Thomas, Trowbridge, TJpson, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Henry 1). Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Williams, Stephen E. Wilson, and
Windom—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Baldwin, Bergen,
Chanler, Conkhng, Cook, Cullom, Dixon, Emck, Gri-
der, Hale,Aaron Harding, Julian, Ketcham, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall, Morrill, Moulton,
Pike, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Smith, Spalding, Taylor, Erancis Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Ward, Elihu B. Washburnc, and James E.
Wilson—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delosll.
Ashley* Banks, Blow, Boutwcll, Brandegce, Brom-
woll, Brooks, Buekland, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cof-
froth, Culver, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Derning,Den-
ton, Dumont, Eldridge, Earnsworth, Goodyear, Har-
ris, Hart, 1Iotehkissv John II. Hubbard, Edwin 3ST.
Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Hum-
phrey, James M. Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Kas-
son, Kerr, Longyear, Mclndoe, McRuor, Newell,
Jviblack, Nicholson, Patterson, Pomeroy, Radford,
William II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Slianklin, Sitgreaves,
Starr, Tabor, Burt Van Horn, Wa rner, Welker, Wont-
worth, Whaley,.Winfiold, Woodbridge, and Wright
—t33.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ANCONA stated that Mr. Denison, if
present, would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ANCONAalso announced that Mr. John-
son was confined to his bed by sickness.
Mr. ELDlllDGE stated that on this question
he had paired with Mr. Denison.
Mr. SMITH announced that Mr. Randall,
of Kentucky, was absent on account of sickness.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, stated
that Mr. Coffroth was unavoidably detained
from the House.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
loan bill.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported back, with amend-
ments, a bill (I-I. R. No. 207) entitled "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
ways and means to support the Government,'
approved March 3, 1865."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must object to
the consideration of this bill in the House at
the present time.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that after the gen-
tleman shall have heard my explanation he
will withdraw his objection. This is the report
of the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means. It is the understanding that the gen-
tleman from'Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] shall
be permitted to offer his bill as a substitute,
and also that^ one other member of the com-
mittee shall, if he chooses, offer an amend-
ment. I shall then ask the House to second
the demand for the previous question. I do
not propose to occupy, myself, any more time
than may be necessary to explain the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not withdraw
my objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to know how
far this bill differs from the bill of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] on
which I thought all seemed to agree the other
day.
Mr. THAYER. We should like at least to
hear the title of the bill.
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER. This is neither a tax bill
nor an appropriation bill, and therefore the lan-
guage of the billdoes not require it to have,
under the rules, its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ; but the rule giving the Committee of
Ways and Means the right to report at any
time provides it shall be for commitment. The
bill therefore goes to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and pending that motion moved that
general debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be closed in ten
minutes after the committee resumed the con-
sideration of the bill just referred to it.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the bill will be post-
poned so that it may be ordered to be printed.
The House divided on the motion to close
debate; and there were—ayes 65, noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to move that
the bill be postponed till it can be printed ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the motion
to go into committee.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Morrill to go into committee.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes 33.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Rollins in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
207, to amend an act to provide ways and moans
to support the Government, approved March 3,
1805.
The CHAIRMAN stated that genera} debate
was ordered to be closed in ten minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, it is not
necessary for me to trouble the committee
with any extended remarks. The bill was re-
committed with sundry amendments to tho
Committee of Ways and Means without in-
structions, but the committee did regard the
fact of recommitment as instructions to some
extent, and in harmony with that idea have
reported the bill back with an amendmentwhich
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall not retire more than ten millions in the
first six months after thepassage of this act, and
not more than four millions per month there-
after. It will be seen, then, if this law be passed,
that it will not limit the Secretaiy of the Treits-
sury to a period of less than nine years in which
to retire the amount of legal tenders now in
circulation. That certainly will not be a very
rapid reduction of the currency. So much
for that.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] I suppose, will offer his proposed
amendment, as a substitute. ,.A11 I have to say
is that we have, in the bill now offered to the
House, limited the Secretary as much as we be-
lieve a large majority of the House would be in
favor of doing. If the views of tho Secretary are
of any consequence to the House, and I think
they should be, I ask to have read a communi-
cation from him to-day on the subject, which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, March 23,188(5.
De v r; Sir : Your favor of the 22d instant is received,
transmitting to me the followingresolution,namely:
iioo/tW, That a communication be addressed by
this committee to the Secretary of" the Treasury, stat-
ing that the committee has received, through one of -
itsmembcrs, information that the Secretary is of opin-
ion that ho is, without further legislation, sufficiently
armed with power to carry out the policy announced
m his late annual report, and to request tile Secretary
to inform the committcewhethersucliishisopinion."
In reply, I have to say that I must have failed to
make myself clearly understood by the honorablo
member of the committee to whom reference is made.
I did not intend to say to him that tho Sceretary is,
' without further legislation, sufficiently armed with
power to carry out the policy announced in his late
annual report;" but I did intend to'say to him that,
it it'should be found necessary to modify ia any im-
