2568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
May 14,
word ' 'defendant'' and insert the word ' 'claim-
ant so that the amendment will read:
And the onusprobandi in eases of seizure shall lie
upon the claimant where probable cause is shown for
such i>roaeoation, to be judged of by the court before
■whom the prosecution is had.
Mr. HOWE. It strikes me that that changes
the character of the proposed amendment en-
tirely. It provides for a proceeding in rem
■while the committee's amendment has refer-
ence to a proceeding in personam.
Mr. MORRILL. So far as the burden of
proof is concerned, it is precisely in harmony
with the act of 1799.
Mr. HOWE. It changes the^ character of
the whole section. It is a provision which has
nothing to do with the residue of the section.
The section then will read that if a man buys
goods illegally imported, knowing them to_ be
illegally imported, lie shall be fined and_ im-
prisoned, and the burden of proving something
shall lie upon the claimant, if probable cause
is shown.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend, the Senator
from Wisconsin, has forgotten, I fear, the
amendment which has already been adopted
in the eighth line of this section-, which de-
clares, as a consequence of this illegal impor-
tation, knowing it lobe an illegal importation,
the goods, wares, and merchandise shall be
forfeited. It is to that part of the section that
this sccond amendment will apply, if my
amendment be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed io.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment as amended.
Mr. MORRILL. Take the yeas and nays
in the Senate ; let us get on with the bill.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section seven,
lino three, after the word "days" to insert the
words " after the facts shall come to their
knowledge;" in lino four, to strike out the
words "seizure maybe made or forfeiture,"
and to insert "line or personal;" in lino
twelve, to strikeout the words, "in addition
to proceedings for forfeiture of any property
which may be seized, he," and to insert the
words "such district attorney;" in line six-
teen, before the word "personal," to insert
the words " fines and ;" in line seventeen, to
strike out the words " such district attorney;"
in line eighteen, to insert the word "he" be-
fore the word "shall;" in line twenty, after
the word "instituted," to insert "in which
case ho shall report the facts to the Secretary
of the Treasury for his direction;" in line
twenty-one, to insert the words "fines and"
before the word "personal;" in line twenty-
nine, to strike out the word " his" and to in-
sert " such collectors," and also to insert the
word " or" before the word "penalty;" and
in line thirty to strike out the words " or for-
feiture" before the word "imposed;" so that
the section will read :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
tho duty of the several eollcetora of customs to
report within ten days after the facts shall epme to
their knowledge to the district attorney of the dis-
trict iu which any fine or personal penalty may be
incurred for the violation of any law of the United
States relating to the revenue, a statement of all the
facts and circumstances of the case within their
knowledge, togethei with the names of the witnesses,
and which uiay come to their knowledge from time
to time, stating tho provisions of the law believed to
bo violated, and on which a reliance may be hadfora
condemnation or conviction; and such distriot attor-
ney shall cause suit and prosecution to be commenced
and prosecuted without delay for the fines and per-
sonal penalties by law in such case provided, unless
upon inquiry and examination ho shall decide that
a conviction cannot probably bo obtained, or that
the ends of public justice do not require that a suit
or prosecution should be instituted; in which case
he shall report the facts to theSeeretary of the Treas-
ury for Ins direction, and for expenses incurred and
services rendered in prosecutions for such fines and
personal penalties the district attorney shall receive
such allowance as theSeeretary of tlic Treasury shall
deem just and reasonable, upon the certificate of the
jud^e before whom such prosecution was had; and
if anv collector shall in any case fail to report to the
proper district attorney, as prescribed m this section,
sneii collector's share of any tine orpcnalty imposed
or incurred in such case shall be forfeited to tho uni-
ted States, and tho same shall bo awarded to such
persons as may make complaint and prosecute the
same to conviction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line two, after the word " where" to insert the
words "a vessel or;" in line lour to strike out
the word "the" and insert the word "such"
before the word "vessel," and after the word
"vessel" to strike out the words "of which he
is so the owner, master, or manager;" so that
the section will read:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in any ease
where a vessel or the owner, master, or manager of a
vessel shall be subject to a penalty for a violation of
the revenue laws of the United States, such vessel
shall be holden for the payment of such penalty, and
may be seized and proceeded against summarily, by
libel, to recover sueh penalty, in any district court
of the United Stateshavingjurisdiction of the offense.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten,
line ten, to insert the words " without reason-
able excuse" before the word "neglect;" so
that the section will read:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That every offi-
cer or other person authorized to make searches and
seizures by this act shall, at the time of executing
any of the powers conferred upon him by this act,
make known, upon being questioned, his character
as an officer or agent of the customs or Government,
and shall have authority to demand of any person
within tho distanoe of three miles to assist him in
making any arrest, search, or seizure authorized by
this act, wheresuchassistancemaybeneeessary; and
if such persou shall without reasonable excuse neg-
lect or refuse so to assist, upon proper dcyaand, he
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeaner, and shall
forfeit a sum not exceeding two hundred dollars, nor
less than five dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
line three, after the word "act" to insert " or
any other act relating to the customs, or the
registering, enrolling, or licensing of vessels,
now in force;" and in line twelve to strike out
the word "respectable" and insert "compe-
tent so that the section*will read:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
of seizure of property subject to forfeiture for any of
the causes named in this act, or any other act relating
to the customs, or the registering, enrolling, or licens-
ing of vessels now in force, when, in the opinion of
the collector or other principal officer of the revenue
making such seizure, the value of the property so
seized shall not exceed £<300, he shall cause a list and
particular description of tho property so seized to be
prepared in duplicate, and an appraisement of the
the same to be made by two sworn appraisers under
the revenue laws, if there are such appraisers at or
near the place of seizure; but if there are no such
appraisers then by two competent and disinterested
citizens of the United States, to be selected by him
for that purpose, residing at or near the place uf
seizure, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twelve,
line twenty-six, after the word "sale" to insert
" from time to time/' and at the end of line
twenty-seven to add " in all so that the pro-
viso to the section will read:
Provided, That the collector shall have power to
adjourn such sale from time to time for a period not
exceeding thirty days in all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirteen,
line five, after the word " restoration " to strike
out the word "and" and to insert the words
" of the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifteen,
line seven, to strike oat " $1,000" and insert
" $500so that it will read :
Sue. 15. And be it farther enacted, That whenever
seizure shall be made of any property which, in the
opinion of the appraisers, shall be liable to perish or
waste, or to be greatly reduced in valuo by keeping-,
or cannot bo kept without great disproportionate
expense, wh ether sucn seizure consist oflive animals,
or goods, wares, or merchandise, and when the prop-
erty thus seized shall not exceed 1500 in value, and
when no claim shall have been interposed therefor as
is hereinbefore provided, the said appraisers,df re-
quested by the collector or principal officer making
the seizure at the time when such appraisal is made,
shall certify on oath in their appraisal their belief
that the property seized is liable to speedy deteriora-
tion or that the expenses of its keeping will largely
reduce the net proceeds of the sale, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
sixteenth section, in the following words :
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted  That whenever
any seizure shall be made under this act, and the
appraised value of the property seized shall not
exceed$500, tho collector of customs may at his own
risk deliver the same for safe keeping to any person,
upon such person executing to such collector a bond,
with good sureties, in a penal sum double such ap-
praised value, conditioned that he will redeliver to
such collector, in as good condition aswhen delivered
to him, and free of expense or charges, such property
on demand, to answer to any proceedings pending or to-
be instituted for a condemnation thereof; ana such
collector shall proceed and make advertisement as is
hereinbefore provided the same as if such property
had remained in his possession; and if such property
shall not be forthcoming to be sold at the time and
place appointed for the sale thereof, said collector
shall accountfor such appraised valueof the property
as though the same had been sold, and the obligors
in said bond shall be liable thereon to said collector
for said appraised value and all expenses attending
the seizure and other proceedings.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven-
teen, line two, after the word "Treasury," to
strike out the words, "shall have authority to
remit, in whole or in part, and upon such tcrm&
as he shall judge proper, all fines, penalties,
and forfeitures, not exceeding $l,00(Hn value*
incurred or accruing from any infraction of the
revenue laws, and he ' in line six to strike out
the word "also;'T and in line seven to insert the
word "fines" before the word "penalties;"
and after the word "penalties" to insert the
words "and forfeituresso that the seetioa
will read:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted* That the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury shall have authority to-ascertain
the facts upon all applications for remission of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures incurred or accruing under
the revenue laws, where the amount in question does
not exceed $1,000, in such manner and under soeh
regulations as he may deem proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the seventeenth section the following:
And he may thereupon remit or mitigate such fines,
penalties, or forfeitures if in his opinion the same
shall 'have been incurred without willful negligence
or any intention of fraud,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
nineteenth section, as follows:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this act contained shall be taken to abridge or limit
any forfeiture, penalty, fine, liability,or remedy pro-
vided for or existing under any law now in force.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty,
line five, to insert the word "triplicate" be-
fore the word " invoice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion twenty-one, as follows:
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That whencvex
any collector or other officer of the customs entitled
to a distributive share of the proceeds of any goods,
wares, merchandise, or other property, which have
been seized for an alleged violation of the revenue
laws and appraised, shall consider such appraisal
too low ho may submit a full statement o-f tho, ensc,
in writing, to the Secretary of the Treasury, who
may. if, from a consideration of tho facts set foith ir>
such statement, he deems it to bo for tho interest of
the revenue, direct that a second appraisal of such
goods, wares, merchandise, or other property, or any
portion thereof, shall be made, and may make such
regulations relating thereto as ho may deem proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
two, line fifteen, to strikeout the words '' forfeit
and" before the word "pay," andalsotostrike
out the word "penalty," and insert the words
"tonnage duty;" so that the section will read ;
Sec. 22. Andbe it further cmctctl, Thatifanygoods,
wares, or merchandise shall, at any port e-r place in
the United States on the northern, northeastern, or
northwestern frontiers thereof, be laden upon any
vessel belonging wholly or in part to asnbjcct or sub-
jects of a foreign country or countries, and shall be
taken thence to a foreign port or place to be rcladen
and reshipped to any other gort or placeia the United
States on said frontiers, either by tho same or any
other vessel, foreign or American, with intent to
evade the provisions of the fourth section of 14 the
act concerning the navigation of tb , United States,"
approved March 1, lS17, the said goods, wares, and
merchandise shall, on their arrival at such Jast-n ained
port 01* place, be seized and forfeited to the United
orates, and the vessel shall pay a tonnage duty of
fifty cents per ton on her admeasurement.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
three, line three, after the word "States," to
