544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
tained with as much certainty, and be as effect-
ive in a more direct and economical manner.
Tliat this helpless class of persons need, for a
time at least, the sure and protecting aid of the
General Government, and not be left to the ill-
advised and fitful efforts of the well-intentioned
benevolence of individuals, no one, it seems to
me, can for a moment doubt.
At the last session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress a bill was passed creating the present
Freedmen's Bureau. At that time the military,
to whom were intrusted the care and protection
of the freedmen, were so actively engaged in
their operations in the field that but little time
could be devoted to the interest of the freed-
men ; henco a necessity arose for the bureau.
But aereat change has taken place since that
time. Peace now, through the well-directed
efforts of our able and patriotic leaders, per-
vades the whole land, and the military is now
in a condition to assume the charge which it
was advisable a year ago to relieve it from.
My first objection to this bill is, that it pro-
poses to enlarge the powers of (he bureau, and
to extend the theater of its operations; and why
these increased powers I am at a loss to under-
stand.
In neither the reports of General Grant nor
General Howard do I find that it is asked; and
the impression made upon my mind from a care ■
ful reading of those able reports was that if
any further legislation were needed on this sub-
ject it should have been to contract its powers,
and not to increase them.
The first section of this bill proposes to ex-
tend I he jurisdiction of the Bureau of Freedmen
in all parts of the United States, which is to be
interpreted to mean, as I take it from what fol-
lows, that the President may divide the whole
Uniled States into t\\el\e distiicts, and ap-
point assistant commissioners for such districts,
and agents in every county and parish in the
country.
The explanation which will be given to this
provision by the friends of this measure 1 sup-
pose will be that it was necessary to make the.
act general, that the operations of the bureau
might be extended into the States of Delaware,
Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri, or parts of
them. I f lhat.be the explanation, why not limit
the operations of the bureau to the eleven re-
bellions Stales anil the States named ? 1 do not
suppose that it will be claimed that there is a
necessity for extending the operations of the
bureau be\ond (he .States which 1 have named,
nor do 1 suppose that it is so intended : \ ot ai I lie
discretion of the President, in addition to the
Commissioners and assistant commissioners,
two thousand and sixty-four agents and four
thousand one hundred and Iwenfy-cight clerks,
may be appointed at an expense of
, to the Government. Suehalhiug 1 can hardly
think is contemplated at this tune, nor can 1
believe that it, would be permitted by the pres-
ent KveciUh e.
lint as tht1 buieau is continued indetinitcly,
or until oth'Twi.M' pnn ided liy l.iw, an
pulous President, for parly purpose*, has it, in
his power at any lime to pension on the Gov-
ernment this largo number of persons at the
expense of the nation.
This, Mr. Speaker, whatever others may
think of it, 1 denominate loose legislation.
Mr. Speaker, this act discriminates and favors
one class at the expense of another; or in other
word-!, its benefits and immunities are special,
and not general.
The Freedmeu's Bureau was established os-
tensibly for the aid and protection of refugees
and freedmen. At the time the bureau was
created there was a large class of refugees, or
persons, both white and black, who were very
properly denominated refugees; persons who
had escaped and broke through the enemy's
lines into our own for safety. ^But now, since
the war has ceased, the term "refugees' ceases
to describe any class of persons among us. That
class of persons which the word refugees was
descriptive of have now returned to their home -s;
and the great change wrought by the termina-
tion of the war in the circumstances and con-
dition of that class of persons leaves the name
refugee without a meaning, as in its original
application, therefore obsolete and inapplica-
ble in describing any class of persons now hav-
ing a habitation within the United States.
Now, according to my understanding of the
feaning of the name refugee as it is used in
e bill creating the bureau and the bill now
before us, the present proposed legislation is
solely and entirely for the freedmen, and to the
exclusion of all other persons, whether white or
black, be their circumstances what they may.
This, sir, is what I call class legislation—
legislation for a particular class of the blacks to
the exclusion of all whites, and all blacks who
in being deprived of the benefits and immuni-
ties extended by this bill will have cause to think
it a misfortune to have been free.
Such partial legislation, Mr. Speaker, cannot
be lasting ; it seems to me to be in opposition
to the plain spirit pervading nearly every sec-
tion nf the Constitution that congressional legis-
lation should in its operation alfeet all alike.
No special and discriminating legislation that
I am aware of has yet in this liepublic stood
the test of time, nor do I believe that it ought
or will; and I warn the gentlemen iu their zeal
to elevate and ameliorate the condition of the
freedmen not to allow this bill to pass regard-
less of the great principle, equality before the
law, about which so much has been said during
the past four years.
In my opinion if they do, the aid which they
will render can only be temporary and not per-
manent, and in the reaction which is sure to fol-
low. tin; injury and harm which will fall upon
the head of the poor black will be greuler than
the present and k'mpoKU) ^ood ullorded.
It is said that it is a characteristic of zealots
aixl fanatics to carry things to extremes. Many
persons in our community have been proclaim-
ing equality before the law so long, takingthcir
text, from the institution of slavery, that now
there is an opportunity to establish so desirable
a, principle in our Government, that perhaps it
would be well to stop and consider whether or
not by passing this bill in its present shape wc
shall not overleap the mark and land on the
other side, and before we are aware of it, not
have the frecdincn equal before the law, but
superior.
U seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that this idea is
worihv of some consideration, and I commend
it, to til(isc1 who are really de.-irous ot'beneliiing
the IVeedinen permanently and substantially.
Now, .Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the 1 louse to the cost of this bureau for
one year. In doing so f will first show what it
might cost if the President should in his dis-
I ereliou use to the full limit the authority and
I power given him by the provisions of this bill,
i 'I'lie hill ptovides iu its fu>t, section that, the
President, may divide the section of country
1 containing refugees and frcedmon ir.lo districts,
e.u h containing tine or more States, not to ex-
ceed iwehe in number. Under this vide and
com[Uehonsh o diseiolion 1 see no dilheuhy in
the way of the President dhidhig the whole
United Slates into twelve distiiefs.
Again, in the second section it is provided:
That the Comini^ioeer. with tho approval of ihe
Pi esidont, lsiav ilivslc earl) di.-h'u t into a number of
sub-districts not to exceed ttie numlici ot eountte.- or
paris-he* in Mat) d.,tiicl, and .-.hail a—!;rn U) each ;?nb-
di-trict at leas! one a'_rrnt, who Miatl leceive a salary
not exceeding ;>ud eac h a^ent of a sub-diotriet
may employ t\vu Uerks ot the lo'bt ela?-s.
Now, supposing the President,should, in the
exercise of his discretion given to him by this
bill, appoint al! the ofheors that the bill will
allow Jnm to appoint and from ci\ if life, the fol-
lowing will show the cost to which the Govern-
ment would bo subjected:
Salary of Cornni^inr.er for one year  
Sal.ny < -M v. r;>:.i --0- L !ij i committor! rio lor
one year. .
Salary ot eler
y ?ar 
Salary ot fieri
for one year. ...     01.200
Salary of agents ia 2.0o! i-onuties   000
Salaiy ot clerks to s'eao -   4,S3:>,600
Total salaries alone S8.189.100
Statement of salaries of Commissioner, assistant commis-
sioners, agents, and clerks.
Commissioner  $3,000
Assistant commissioners  30.000
Agents, free States    1,329,000
Agents, former slave States  1,707,000
Agents' clerks, free States  2,120,400
Ag-cnts' clerks, former slave States  2,827,200
Commissioner's clerks  15,300
Assistant commissioners' clerks  91,200
Total salaries $S, 189,100
3b: SS'oa
- —. • OiSPoeS-r.
+ ~-rj < '
5?
£ & :
J P
O s=
tov-1 t-'l-J1 botcto
i—. J* CT CJ t • I 10 io CO l-C 4-.
W ^ 2.'1—1 ^ Sc? rc v"'
2.
toto
cc cc
i to Comiuh-Moner for
? lt> a^i-t.un coi.imU-ioncr3
$3,000
30,000
15.300
Htcw
civ3
_ is. j- y. J-* o -i
Nowj sir, there have been about three million
five lmmliod thousand slaves liberated by the
amendment to tlie Constitution; Pay that one
tenth of the whole number, which J think a
small estimate, should require aid in the way
of clothing, food, medicine?, and transporta-
tion, at a cost of fifty dollars per head.
Tli would inerea^c the expense  §17,500,000
Add to thi^ th e estimate of (rtuieral Howard
for tho following expenditures ior the
fiscal year commencing Januaiy 1.1506:
For stationery and ]>rintin£  G3.000
For quiiit''!?- and fuel.v  
For school superintendents 
Bites i'or school-houses and asylums  S.Oi'fMw
Telegraphing 
And wc have a grand total of  $28,80.,(KM)
I have no idea that it is contemplated for a
moment to extend the operations of the bureau
