1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2569
insert the word "plying;" and in line seven to
strike out the word '' shall'' and insert the word
"may;" so that the section will read:
Sec, 23. And be it further enacted, That all steam
tug-boats, not of the United States, found employed
in towing documented vessels of the United States
plying: from one port or place in the same to another,
shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty cents per ton on
the admeasurement of every such vessel so towed by
them, respectively, as aforesaid, which sum may be
recovered by way of libel or suit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
four, line twenty-eight, to strike out the words
"and in addition," and to insert u or said mas-
ter, or other person, having charge of such ves-
sel;" and in line thirty-one, after the word
"years," to strike out the words "or both;"
so that the clause will read:
f But if it shall be found that the quantity or quan-
tities of such articles or any part thereof so reported
are excessive, it shall bo lawful for the colloctor ox*
other officer of the customs to estimate the amount
ot duty on such excess, which shall beforthwith paid
by said master or other person having charge of said
vessel, on pain of forfeiting a. sum of not less than
$100 nor more than four times the value of such ex-
cess, or said master, or other person, having charge
of such vessel shall be liable to imprisonment for a
term of not less than three months nor more than
two years, at the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not know that I have
any objection to this twenty-fourth section, but
I call attention to the fact that so far as goods
denominated "sea stores," purchased by ves-
sels trading or passing from one port to an-
other, are concerned, they are to be hereafter
free from duty. So much of the revenue laws
as have reference to the imposition of duty on
those goods are to be abolished. They are to
be purchased in foreign countries and are to
be free from taxation under our revenue sys-
tem, and thus that portion of commerce is to
be relieved from the burden that other trades
are required to submit to. I simply desire to
say that it is another inroad, as I understand it.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no; this is no inroad;
it is a restriction, not a license. They do not
pay now for sea stores, and this is to prevent
a practice which has grown Up on the frontiers
of' purchasing large quantities of sea stores.
Mr. SPRAGUI5. I am very glad to hear
that that is the fact.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
five, line seven, after the word "States," to
insert "under the laws of the United States '
and in line seven, after the word "States," to
insert " or a vessel intended to be employed in
such trade so that the section will read:
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That the equip-
ments, or any part thereof, (including boats,) pur-
chased for, or the expenses of repairs made in afor-
eign country upon, a vessel enrolled and licensed
under the laws of the United States to engage in the
forcicn and coasting trade on the northern, north-
eastern, ancl northwestern frontiers of the United
States, or a vessel intended to be empluyed in such
trade, shall, on the first arrival of such vessel in any
port of the United States, be liable to entry and the
payment of an ad valorem duty of fifty per cent, on
the cost thereof in such foreign country, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
six, line two, to insert the word "registry"
before the word " enrollment;" and to strikeout
the word " and" and to insert the word "or"
before the word "license and in line three,
after the word "granted," to insert the words
"in lieu thereof;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 26. And be it farther enacted, That if any cer-
tificate of registry, em oilmen t, or license, or other
record or document granted in li<m thereof to any
vessel, shall be knowingly or fraudulently obtained
or used lor any vessel not entitled to the benefit
thereof, such vessel with her tackle, apparel, and
furnituro, shall be liable to forfeitare.
Th'e amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
eight,line two, after the word " merchandise, "
to strike out the words " of the growth, prod-
uce, or manufacture of the United States;" in
line fifteen, to strike out the word "the" and
insertthe word "and" before theword "pay;"
in line sixteen, to strike out "twenty" and
insert "one hundred;" and in line seventeen,
to strike out one " and insert "fiveso that
the section will read :
Sec. 28. And be it further eiweted, That no goods,
wares, or merchandise taken from any port or place
in the United States, on the northern, northeastern,
or northwestern frontiers thereof, to a port or place
in another collection district of tho United States on
said frontiers in any ship or vessel, otherwise than by
sea, shall bo unladen or delivered from such ship or
vessel within the United States but in open day, that
is to say, between the rising and setting of the sun,
except by special license from the collector or other
principal officer of the port for tho purpose, nor at any
time without a permit from such collector or other
principal officer for such unlading or delivery. And the
owner orownersof every vessel whoso master or man-
ager shall neglect to comply with tho provisions of
this section, shall forfeitand pay to the United States
a sum not less than $100 normorc than $500: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and ho is
hereby, authorized, from time to time, to make such
regulations as to him shall seem necessary and expe-
dient for unlading at and clearance from any port or
place on said frontiers of ships or vessels at night.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty,
lino five, ^ifter the word "two," to insert the
word "of;" and in line eight to insert the word
"of" before the word " the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
one, line two, after the words "hereby is," to
strike out the following words:
Authorized to abolish the office of collector and
that of surveyor of customs, or either, in any collec-
tion district, tho net annual revenue of which does
not, now or at any time hereafter sliii 11 not exceed the
sum of 610.000, and to connect such district with an
adjoining district, if, in his opinion, it would bo to
the advantage of the public sorvico or revenue, or to
assign the duties of the office to a deputy collector or
other officer; and the said Secretary is hereby further.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That tho Secre-
tary of the Troasury bo, and ho hereby is. authorized,
whenever he shall think it advantageous to the pub-
lic scrvico or revenue, to abolish or suspend tho
offices of naval officer, surveyor of customs, or any
other subordinate office in any collection district of
tho United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
one, line fourteen, after the words "United
States" to insert the following words :
Except in those enumerated in section nine of the
act of May 7, 1822, and the amendment thereto, by
the act of April 9, 1864, and the port of San Francisco.
Mr. JOHNSON. T should like tho honora-
ble member from Maine to explain that excep-
tion. I do not understand.it.
Mr. MORRILL. It will be seen that the
Secretary of the Treasury has authority by this
section to abolish certain naval officers, sur-
veyors, &c., except in the cases specified in a
certain act, and those cases are tbose that
apply to Portland, Boston, New York, Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, Charleston, New Orleans,
and San Francisco. The offices at those places
are deemed important j the other offices are
not deemed important. It was not thought
advisable to give this power over the officers
at those important places, but at other ports
where they are unimportant to the public ser-
vice we give the Secretary this power.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
one, line twenty, to strike out the word " dis-
trict" and insert theword "customs;" so that
the clause will read:
And to assign the duties of the office of surveyor or
any other suboidinate offieeso abolished or suspended
to a deputy collector or inspector of the customs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion thirty-two in the following words :
Sec. 32. Andbeit further enacted, That no collector,
deputy collector, auditor, cashier, disbursing1 clerk,
or other officer or employ*? of the customs, whose duty
it shall be to make payments on account of the sal-
ary or wages of any inspector, appraiser, examiner,
weigher, gauger, or other employe of the customs or
internal revenue, shall make any payment to any
such officer or other person connected with the cus-
toms or internal revenue on account of any salary or
wages due to him or her by reason of any services
rendered by him or her, unless such inspector, ap-
praiser, examiner, weigher, gauger, or other employe
shall have made and subscribed an oath that during
the period for which he or she is to receive pay on
account of his or her salary or wages, he or she has
not leceived or accepted any money,either as a loan
or otherwise, or any gratuity, reward, pay, or compen-
sation of any name, nature, or description whatsoever,
nor any promises for the same, cither directly or in-
directly, nor purchased from any importer, (if affiant
is conncctcd with tho customs, or *' manufacturer,
if affiant is conncctcd with the internal revenue ser-
vice.) consignee, agent, or custem-house broker, any
goods, wares, or merchandise at less than regular
retail market prices therefor, or placed himself or
herself under any official obligations to any *uch
importer, (or manufacturer, as the ease may be,) con-
signee, agent, or custom-house broker in any way
whatever, nor has any such payment, loan, gratuity,
reward, present of any wines or liquors of any kind,
cigars, nor any other goods, wares, or merchandise
been received or accepted, or such purchase made or
obligations incurred by any member of his or her fam-
ily, or by any friend or friends lor him or her or his
or her family, from or to any importer, custom-houso
broker, or any other person whomsoever, lor or on
account of any official services rendered or to be ren-
dered by him or her during the period for which ho
or she is to receive such payment, without duly pay-
ing over or delivering the same to the collector and
reporting the name of donor. And any person who
shall willfully and falsely take and subscribe paid oath
shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and on conviction
thereof shall be punished by imprisonment at hard
labor for a period of not less than two years and not
to exceed ten years, and shall thereafter be disquali-
fied from holding any office of trust or profit under
the United States.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 32. And he it further cnacteil. That no officer or
clcrk whose duty it shall be to make payments on
account of tho salary or wages of any oflicer or per-
son employed in connection with the customs or tho
internal rcvenuo servicc shall make any payment to
any officer or person so employed on account of ser-
vices rendered, or of salary, unless such offierr or
person so to be paid shall have made and subscribed
an oath that, during tho period lor which he or she
is to rcceivo pay for salary or services rendered,
neither ho nor she, nor any member of his or her
family, has received, either personally or by the in-
tervention of another party, any money or compen-
sation of any description whatever, nor any promises
for tho same, either dircctly or indirectly, for services
rendered or to be rendered, or acts performed or to
bo performed, in conncction with the customs or in-
ternal revenue, nor purchased, for liko services or
acts, from any importer, (if afliant is connected with
the customs,) or manufacturer, (if affiant is connected
with tho internal revenue service,) consignee, agent,
or custom-housobroker, or other person whomsoever,
any goods, wares, or merchandise, at less than regu-
lar retail market priccs therefor. And any person
who shall willfully and falselv takcand subscribe said
oath, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be sub-
jected to tho penalties and disabilities by law pro-
scribed for the punishment of willful and corrupt
perjury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
three, line one, after theword " all," to strike
out the following words:
Goods.wares, merchandise, orproperty of any kind
seized under the provisions of this act or any other
law of the United States relating tothceustoms, shall,
unless otherwise provided for by law, be placed and
remain in the custody of the collector or other prin-
cipal officerof thocustomsof the district in which the
seizure shall be made, to abide adjudication by the
proper tribunal or other disposition according to law;
and the.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That all proceed-
ings in regard to lines, penalties, and forfeitures by
virtue of this act and not heroin prescribed, shall be
the same as are now provided by law in like cases;
and all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures shall,
alter deducting all proper costs and charges, be dis-
posed of and applied as provided for in the ninety-
first section of the act entitled "An act to regulate
the collection of duties on imports and tonnage,''
approved March 2,1799.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask tho honorable mem-
ber from Maine what is the object of striking
that out. It provides that the goods seized
shall remain in the possession of the collector.
The provision seems to me to be a very whole-
some one, and unless it is substantially covered
by existing laws, one that ought to be adopted.
It provides that the goods seized shall remain
in the custody of the officer, to abide the decis-
ion of the court. That the committee propose
to strike out. I should like to know from the
member from Maine what arc the reasons for
striking it out.
Mr. MORRILL. My recollection of it is
that it is stricken out because it does not hap-
pen to be relevant to this section, and is pro-
vided for in another section of the hill.
Mr.-CLARK. We had better negative the
amendment now, and that fact can be ascer-
tained when the bill comes in the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to tliat
course being taken.
The amendment was rejected.
