1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3529
identical! "0 consistency, thou arta jewel!''
[Laughter.]
Mi-. STEWART. I will state the fact va£h
regard to that. Tlie fact is this: I was then in the
Territory of Nevada. There were two parties
formed. I declined to join either the Repub-
lican or the Douglas party. The Douglas party
was not the regular organization. 1 declined
to take any part in the canvass.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Whom did you vote
for ?
Mr. STEWART. I did vote for Breckin-
ridge, and he was not the first traitor who en-
joyed the confidence of honest men before his
fall. Arnold was once a brave soldier. I did
not know he was about to betray his country,
but I told my friends that I believed the Dem-
ocratic party was gone, was ruined, but I did
not suppose it would commit treason. I was
living then in a remote Territory and I did not
know that they had as yet betrayed the coun-
try. I stated to my friends that I was not going
to change until an organization was formed
that was for the country. Like other Union
Democrats, I stayed with the party until it was
betrayed. That was in 1860. I took no part
in the canvass. During the fall of that year
secession commenced, and I believe was
among the first to declare in favor of the Union
and in favor of the war, even before those who
had been Republicans and Douglas men, and
long before the firing on Port Sumter.
I tell the Senator that the Republican Union
party was born when every man was convinced
that the country was in peril, when the proof
was positive that Buchanan had betrayed the
\ country. It was born in the winter of 1860-01
when Mr. Buchanan declared here that lie had
no power to sustain this Government; that
there was no power to coerce a State. The
Democratic party did not, until after the elec-
tion of President Lincoln, disclose that their
intention was to dgstroy this Government.
When that became certain, then, sir, there
was a revival throughout the land, and those
who loved their country, those who had a spark
of patriotism in them, left the fortunes of Jeff.
Davis aud Company and stood by the Union.
Did the Senator from Delaware do that?
Mr. SAULSBURY. My record will speak
for itself.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, his record will
speak for itself. Did he vote supplies for our
armies ? Did he vote for sustaining the flag
of his country ? I think his record does speak
for itself, and it tells us in language not to be
misunderstood that he was giving that nega-
tive aid to the enemy which declines to feed
the Union soldiers by voting supplies to our
armies. 1 think his recordspeaksin that lan-
guage ; and the man whose record speaks in
that language may well talk of converts, for he
never can be converted. A man who loves
the record of the Democratic party, who loves
the record of the party that betrayed every
lover of his country may well speak of con-
verts, because his case is hopeless. He may
well boast of his consistency in evil—and the
Democrat who honestly loved his country need
not blush for that inconsistency that made him
repudiate traitors and stand by the Union.
But let him blush who, when betrayed by trai-
tors, would become a traitor for consistency.
Mr. CONNESS. It is evident that no con-
clusion can be arrived at to-cjfey on the pending
bill. I will therefore ask the chairman of the
Committee on Territories to allow it to be post-
poned for the present.
Mr. WADE. Has the Senator a measure
that has already passed the House which he
desires to take up?
Mr. CONNESS. I have not. I desire to
call up a Senate resolution.
Mr. WADE. What is it?
Mr. CONNESS. It is a resolution relating
to the China mail line, upon which I desire to
have the action of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. It seems to me we are about
ready to take a vote on this subject.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senate are ready to
vote upon it, of course I shall nat ask for its
postponement, hut if we are to continue to dis-
cuss it I should like very much to get the action
of the Senate upon the matter to which I have
referred.
Mr. WADE. This measure has passed the
House of Representatives and been debated
here nearly as much as it will be debated, and
therefore I am not so pertinacious about press-
ing it now, because there will be ample time
to pass it.
Mr. CONNESS. Then, with the Senator's
permission, I move that the present and all
prior orders be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 98) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and China,'' approved February
17, 18G5.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we have arrived
at that period in the session when we should
dispose of a measure when we take it up. If
we expect to adjourn at any reasonable day, it
is necessary that wo should consider and act
upon bills as they pome before us. I hope we
shall not be kept here very much longer in the
summer months; and I shall object to post-
poning any bill, when there is no special reason
for it, to take up some other bill and discuss
it a little while". If it is the purpose of the
Senator from Ohio to pass this bill it is just
as well to complete its discussion to-day, vote
upon it, and let it be a law, if it is to be a law,
as to postpone it to some future day. If the
Senator docs not expect to put the bill upon
its passage, then I think it is due to us who
desire an early adjournment that he shoifld j
not occupy the attention of the Senate by call-
ing it up. I have a very few words to say in
regard to the bill, not perhaps to exceed five
minutes, and as it is yet before the Senate, I
will say what I have got to say now.
Mr. President, this is not proposed as a
measure of practical necessary legislation, be-
cause it is known to all Senators that there
arc but very few colored people in the Terri-
tories which will bo reached by the provisions
of this bill, and it can be intended only as an
expression of the views of Congress in regard
to the right of the colored people to exercise
the privilege of voting. I am not ready to say
that in the northern States this privilege ought
to be extended to the colored people. 1 am
not prepared in the State of Indiana to vote
to extend this right to the colored people. If
I thought it right to give to the colored people
in Indiana the privilege of voting, it is proba-
ble that I would support this measure, because
I have no constitutional difficulties upon the
matter, for I presume it is not questioned that
Congress may extend or limit the right of vot-
ing in the Territories.
How does the measure now_ stand ? By the
acts organizing'these 'Territories the power of
controlling the franchise in the Territories is
given to the Territorial Legislatures. This bill
proposes to take that power away froin_ the
Territorial Legislatures, to take it, away from
the people of the 'Territories, and to exercise
the power by Congress, to declare by Congress
that the right of voting shall be extended to all
the colored people. It presents the square,
naked question, whether the right of suffrage
shall be given to all the colored people of the
country. The vote of each Senator, I presume,
will be given according to his views upon that
question. If a Senator is in favor of extend-
ing the right of suffrage in every State, every-
where where a colored man is found, extending
the right to him, he will vote for this bill; but
if a Senator believes that in his own State it
ought not to be extended to the colored man,
of course he will not vote to force it upon the
people of the Territories, who are as compe-
tent, I presume, to regulate a question of this
sort as the people of the States. I believe_in
the doctrine that the people of the Territories
ought to regulate their domestic affairs. I
have voted upon that principle, and upon this
particular bill I shall give my vote according
to that principle.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator from California, to postpone the
bill under consideration and all prior orders
and to take up the joint resolution mentioned
by him.
The motion was agreed to.
CIIARLES BltEWER AND COMPANY.
Mr. CHANDLER. _ I ask the indulgence of
the Senator from California, before taking up
his resolution, to allow me to pass a little bill
which I called up this morning and which will
not take a moment. I now have the papers iji
the case before me, and they can be read, if it
is desired by any Senator.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator's bill will
take no time, I am willing that my resolution
be laid aside informally.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, then, to take
up House bill No. 555.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. U. No. 555) for
the relief of Charles Brewer & Company.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I ask the Secretary to
read the communication from the Department
of State which I send to the desk.
The Secretary read as follows:
J)K1'Artmkkt OF Ptatk,
Washington, March 14, I860,
Sin: I have the honor to transmit horewith a copy
of a letter from Messrs. Charles Brewer <Y. Co., of
Boston, inclosing to this Dcpartmentun account of
the Hawaiian bstvk Kamehameha Y, for the passa^o
of destitute American seamen from the Ascension
islands to Honolulu. These seamen, munbi'iuii?
sixty-eight, belonging to American vessels winch
were burned by the pirate Shenandoah, wei e landed
in the Ascension islands without any provision being
made for their summit. They wcio jouml in a des-
titute condition bv the master of the bark Kamclia-
meha V and taken to Honolulu. It f-ecms but just
and proper that this claim should be paid. As, how-
ever, tbcie is no fund at the disposal of this "Depart-
ment with which to meet it, the claim is respectfully
referred to Congress, with the recommendation that
an appropriation be made sufficient to covcr it.
I am, sir, your obedient servant.
WLLLIAM1I. SEWARD.
Hon. Z. ('mSIK.3!,Chairman of the Committer oa f,\ n-
iiwce, United Stntex Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have here also the
consular certificate indorsing this, and like-
wise the appointment of Charles Brewer & Co.
for the collection of this claim.
Mr. CLARK. The communication from the
Department of State refers to a letter from
Brewer & Co., which I desire to have read.
Mr. CHANDLER.^ Let the Secretary read
the consul's certificate and all the papers.
The Secretary read as follows:
Boston', March 3,1866.
Sir : Inclosed wo beg to hand, you the original bill
of Hawaiian bark Kamehameha V, and owners, for
scrvicc in carrying to Honolulu, 11 I., from the island
of Asccnsion, the officers and crow of three united
States whale ships burned at that island by the pirato
S. 8. Shenandoah, (Sea Kmcr,) amount ing to $3,530,
payable in United .St a tenfold coin, winch hill improp-
erly attested by the United States consul at Hono-
lulu,and indoised payable to oar order by the owner
of the bark Kamehameha Y.
If the said bill or account is fonnd eorreet, please
remit the amount of same to
Your obedient BRKW?R & c
Hon. "Willam II. Si:wakd, Secretary of btnte for the
United States, Washington, V. C.
Honolulu, December 11,1865.
Uiiitcd States (Jovminw.nt
To Hawaiian hark Kaiiwhdincha, V, ond Owners,
For passage of the following shipwrecked officers and
seamen from the island of AscenMun to this port,
to wit:
, Edwin P. Thompson, master of the American bark
; pearl   
■ Leonard Geiohell, iirsf officer  M
I Charles S. Ser&on, deeond o lieer   W
! Christopher L. Daley, third offu-or...... ........ OU
William H. Young, William II A en John
Keenan, Nathan J?. Gardner G. D. OfKood,
William Monroe, Richard \\ alsn, Choimu>
Shannon, John Barker, \V ilham M. llocd,
Thomas Williams, .John \ore, Lcncdict Ka-
maneha, Mcrritt Sparks, leruando J< rank
William P. Benton, Chatles Marshall, m all
seventeen seamen oi Ameiican bark 1 earl,
@ $50..
850
Amount carried forward $1,(W0
