1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBS.
•m
over the whole United States, but think I have
shown conclusively that it might beso extended.
I can see no necessity for such an unlimited
discretion, and when there is no necessity be-
yond that which is required to accomplish and
carry out the object sought for, it seems to me
that it would be wise to withhold it.
But to show the cost or proximate cost of the
bureau for one year, confining its operations to
the hitherto slave States, we have only to deduct
from the above grand total the salaries of agents
and their clerks in the nineteen free States,
$3,455,400, and the cost will be ^25,351,000.
That it is intended to put the bureau in full
operation in every county and pai ish of the hith-
erto slave States, including Delaware, Mary-
land, Kentucky, and Missouri, I ha\e not the
least doubt, nor have I any doubt but that it is
intended to extend it into parts of some of the
border States.
Now, sir, 1 do not think that lean be charged
with having over-estimated the expense of the
bureau; on the contrary, T have rather under
than over-estimated its cost, and have left, out of
the calculation many costly items which, upon
a closer analysis, will be found incident to a full
development of the plan of the Freedmen's
Bureau:
Section-four provides:
That the President is authorized to reserve from
sale crfrom^etiiement, under the homestead and pre-
emption and to bet ai)ai t lor llie lite utlieeunicn
and loyal refugee**. male or 1'emaJe. unoccupied pub-
lic lands in Fioiida, Mississippi, Alabama, bouisiana,
and Arkansas, not exceeding in all three million aorcs
of good land.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I should like to know the
necessity of setting apart three million acres of
land for the exclusive use of the fieedmea in
the particular States named.
We have in the southern States about thirty
million acres of unoccupied jiublie lands. Why
not then, Mr. Speaker, throw these public lands
open to all loyal citizens, under the preemption
and homestead laws, and if necessary lo restrict
•the quantity to forty acres, do so? And if the
freedmen or any oilier loyal citizen desire to
become freeholders, give them the opportunity;
and if the costs of entering such lands be too
much, which I believe is ten dollars, then re-
duce it, or make no charge at all. I believe
that it would be to the pecuniary advantage of
the Government to give these lands to parties
who would reclaim and improve them rather
than they should remain unoccupied and a
waste.
1 believe that it is the true policy of the Gov-
ernment to encourage emigration to the south-
ern States and the speedy settlement of these
lands. Their enhanced value by improvement
would give to the Government a revenue from
taxation in a very short time more than suffi-
cient to pa}' their first cost and the expense of
bringing them into market.
This plan, it seems to me, would be more
equitable and les^ objectionable, on the ground
of special legislation, than that suggested by the
bill. It certainly would alford all who were
disposed to avail themselves of the liberal pro-
visions of the homestead act—a home by taking
the trouble to enter the land and expending
the labor necessary to comply with the require-
ments of the act.
Again, section six provides:
That the Commissioner, under the direction of tlio
President, is hereby empowered to purchase or rent
such tracts ot land in the seveial iliit! irts atbie^aul as
mav bo iiooo-s.ny to provide lorthe iad]'ri,ntivtu;reos
and freedmen dependent upon the Government for
support.
This provision, Mr. Speaker, is too plain to
need comment. Section four provides for the
setting apart three million acres of land for the
freedmen, yet tin; iVamers of this bill, seemingly
in doubt as to whether three million acres will
be sufficient, ask that the CoumiisMoner. under
the direction of the President, may puii'hase.
without limit other than his o n iiidgm-ait, ad-
ditions! hind. 1 do not know how this piopo-
sition will s,tribe others, but to my mind it -'i ems
singular that the Government, being hi posses-
sion of ftoni twenty-live to thirty million acres
of unoccupied lands in the southern Slates,
39th Cong. Bess.—No. 35.
should be asked, without limit as to quantity or
value, to purchase additional lands.
What additional expense the Goverment will
be put to in the purchase or renting of lands
will be left entirely to the Commissioner, and
what that may be is a matter of speculation.
But judging from the appropriation whichvhe
asks for the purchase of sites for school-houses
and asylums, $3,000,000, one might reason-
ably suppose that it would be a pretty large
sum.
Section five provides for the confirming of
the possession of the freedmen for three years
in the occupancy of the lands upon which.they
were settled pursuant to General Sherman's
special order, dated January 10, 1805.
That General Sherman had a right to settle
the freedmen on these abandoned lands at the
time he did so I have no doubt. They "were held
by military power, and the laws of war justified
him in setting them apart for the safety of
those who claimed and were entitled to his pro-
tection. Hisauthority being one originating out
of the condition of things occasioned by a state
of war, in my judgment ceased after its termi-
nation, and the control which he assumed over
civil affairs, and which he was justified in as-
suming during the war, lapsed back to the
legally constituted civil authorities at its close.
It seems to me a montrosity, that a Govern-
ment which is instituted for the protection of
persons in the possession and enjoyment of
their property should be despoiled of it, and
that it should be given to others without the
slightest consideration. Neither municipal nor
international law will justify such an assump-
tion, and to my mind such legislation can only
lead to vexatious litigation, and with but one
end—a judicial decision chat the law is uncon-
stitutional and of no effect.
And 1 submit whether or not it would not be
wise in Congress to remove the freedmen to
some of 1 lie unoccupied lands, where they would ;
have an undisputed title to their homesteads,
and prove in the end to be to their very best
interest.
Having shown what seems to me objection-
able features in this bill. 1 submit to this House
whether the end which, it aims to accomplish
cannot be obtained just as surely, and wiih as
great a degree of certainly, in another way, and
with a great saving to the Treasury.
General Grant, in his report of December 18,
says in substance that it will be necessary to
keep garrisons in the States lately in rebellion
until such time as labor returns to its proper
channels and civil authority is fully established.
That being the case, why cannot the aid and
protection rendered through the Freedmen's
Bureau berendued through this channel I As
it is, the bureau depends entirely upon the
military to make its authoiity effective.
A well-established militai v garrison lias all
the appliances at hand to aid the destitute freed-
men. women, and children, and the force to pro-
tect them. What more is needed? The fore-
going conforms with General Grant's view, that
there is no necessity of the expense of a sepa-
rate organization. He says, in concluding the
report before alluded to, that—
"The Freedmen's Bureau behifrpcparatod from the
military est abli^innent of the country roquue^ ail the
expend of a scpaiate organization. One dues not
| neie-saidv know what the other 1- dour..', or what
Claims they arc acting under. Tf seems lo me that
this could he coriected by roirardmsc evorv of,.'-or on
duty with troops m the southern .States au a-ront
of the Freedmen' - iiurea a, and then have all oide^
from ihe head of the bui < aur-ent through depart incut
commanders. This would eieate a i opon^i>.:iity that
w ould sorsn e uiiHoi nuty of a*, tion thi uushunt ;<il the
S'mth,would in-aue the ordei^ and lvwn uf t>o'>s fi om
the head of the bureau h:-in;> earned out, and -uould
relieve homdutyand paj alui^cnumberot employes
of the <Jovernment."
This to my mind is conelusi\ e that the Fieed-
moii's IJuLViui. with iis elaborate and expensive
organization, i* not needed: that all thai can
! be done for ihe Jieodmenby that institution can
! be done through the nuUiary garrisons that are
now e-tablish-xl throughout the South wnh
i equal ecrtaiuSy and e^ieer. and a saving to the
! Government of millions of dollar^.
I I desire to call the attention of the House
to a remark contained on page IS of'Oenetal
Howard's report. He says: ' * '
"My objection to the system Ihave been ohliffedto
adopt has been its tendency to chock indmd«a>lwy,
not sufficiently cnco uragingsel'f-dependeaoy*
This is truly a grave and sfcrioas objection,
and one that should engage the attention of the
friends of the freedmen. Too much cau . be
done as well as not enough. By doiug-too much,
youprolong his dependence aud encourage idle-
ness 5 and when you withdraw the aid aud sup-
port of the Government you will leave himin a
worse condition than when you found him. t
In conclusion, permit me to say that I have
criticised^ what I conceive to be imperfections
in this bill with no unfriendly feeling toward
the freedmen. I think they need and should
have the fostering care of the Government to
a reasonable extent, and that I think they can
have and should have through the military, and
the Government bo relieved from the expense
and eost of sustaining two organizations toper-
form the oflice which one can as effectually and
thoroughly perform as the two.
Mr. HOiSNKLLY obtained the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, announcing
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
(S. No. 2o) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Vice Admiral David G. Farragut, and to the
officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines
tinder his command, for gallantry and good
conduct in the action in Mobile bay on the 6th
August, 180-1 j in which he was'direeted to ask
the coneurrcnce of the House.
PILOTS IN GOVERNMENT EMPLOY.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I hope the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. DovxkllyJ will
give me t he floor a few moments before he Com-
mences his remarks on thp pending bill.
Mr. DOXNI'jLLY. If it docs not come out
of my time T will do so with pleasure.
Mr. KEliU. Mr. Speaker, on the 10th day
of December last I had the honorto submit the
following resolution, which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Attains:
llcsohced, That the Committee on Naval Affairs,
when appointed, be instructed to inquire into the
justice aud expediency ot providing by law that uli
pilots en^a^ed in the gunboat or other naval service
of tiie Government during the late war, shall be
deemed to have been otiieeis withm the terms of the
rulu- aivl regulations oi the service on that subject,
and entitled to the. same extra pay and rations as
other othceis in the same service whose monthly com-
pensation wnstliosame; and that thesaidcommittee
repoit by bill or othei wise.
On the 1 Nth instant that, committee, l>y Mr.
Daui/ing. submit ted ihe following report: which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed:
That any iMdher or now lobulation on the subjcct
i< inexpedient.
Ihe commutee find on invesnjration that a very
lar^o proportion of the peitons intended to be bene-
fited by lui ther halation wcae, and arc now, living
in the States lately m i ebcliiou, were pi ior to the late
wai eniT;i';cd in piloting ve&ccl^ in the civil &ervice in
tho<e Si ate-i, and \v« re in many instances forced into
the service of piloiiiji? the war vessels of the United
States a^aimt their wishe.->, akhoitidi they weie gen-
erally oxit of employment. The committee also find
that,'ii is not just or expedient to cbi.-s such persons
with those oiueers of the Navy who volunteered their
ser\ I'm s in In-half 01 the Govei muont, a ml they sub-
mit that li't heie are any exrepli-.n? to the rule above
stated, suv.ii cases can only be reached by.-spoeial legis-
lation.
The committee a]--o luid that nil persons employed
in the set vice specitied in the resolution have been as
v-eil paid by the Government ;«s they were be-fore or
hc ve bv.cn since m Hie civil service; and that so far
ti om having been mini iously -j tiecUdbv the war. their
bu-oio^ A\;ts {.eneially mueased^and \:i many in-
stauce.-v they have been luateriallv b-.nchu d.
My present purpose is to ask the favor of the
Home to lake that lesolutiuu and report from
the table, and commit them to the Committee
011 Military Affairs for farther consideration.
And before the motion n pu1, 1 beg the indul-
gence of the House while f submit a few re-
marks explanatory of my mison f<>r uiukingit.
1 will not for a rj.oni'ujt helk*\ ethatthe Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs would intentionallyj?0
the slighted injustice to the c'as^ of persons
referred to in mv relation. But their report
must have been made upon an entire riusappre-
tension of facts, for, in my judgment, it does
