1866,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
39th Cong... .1st Slss.
Representation of Southern States—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
express deep and heartfelt regret that he felt
himself called upon to address that crowded
«nd seething mass on the 22d of February. Bet-
ter far, if, when the citizens of the United Stateg
called upon him, he had paid the respectful com-
pliment of thanks, instead of speaking to them
in the manner he did, assailing independent
'branches of the Government. Every man, I
think, must regret this paragraph:
** I fought traitors and treason in the South. X op-
posed -the Bavises, the Toombses, theSlidells, and a
long list of others, which you can readily fill without
my repeating the names. Now, when I turn round
and at the other end of the line find men, I care not
by what name you call them, who still stand opposed
to the restoration of the Union of these States, J am
free to say to you that I am still in the field."
I will say that I read from a report made by
the gentleman who reports for us, and which
report modifies very much the language of one
report that I have seenin one of the city papers;
"but as this report is an official one, prepared
by the gentleman who reports our-proceedings,
I prefer to take this.
Mr. HOWARD. What paper is it in?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Philadelphia In-
quirer. The President went on to say:
"X am ealled.upon to name three at the other end
of the line; I am talking to my friends and fellow-
citizens, who are interested with me in this Govern-
ment, and I presume I am free to mention to you the
names of those whom I look: upon as being opposed
to the fundamental principles of this Government,
and who are laboring to pervert and destroy it.
"Voices. 'Name them !' 'Who are they?'
"The President. You ask me who they are. I
say Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania is one: I say
Mr. Sumner of the Senate is another; and Wendell
Phillips is .another."
This is extraordinary. The President of the
United States is thoroughly combative in his
disposition ; he has been fighting all the days
of his life; but it seems to me he ought to
waive this disposition now, and remember the
manner in which his lamented predecessor,
Abraham Lincoln,- received the jeers and blows
of friends and foes. His easy good nature was
a soft cushion against which everything which
was offensive fell dead. His words were always
kindly and genial to friend or foe. That is not
the character of Mr. J ohnson. It is one of the
peculiarities of his character that he has not
the gentleness of theiate President, and yet let
me say that in this respect the very courage
•with which he resists opponents wherever they
present themselves, we commended five years
ago as the highest virtue of Andrew Johnson's
life.
What is the reason given for these personal
allusions? Wendell Phillips has arraigned and
abused the President in a shameless manner;
but he is in the habit of doing that in regard to
almost every one. He recently classed him
with Arnold and Burr. He said he had taken
Jeff Davis's place as leader of the confederacy,
and threatened impeachment. This world will
never be good enough for him. My friend from
Massachusetts, before the magnificent oration
he gave us covering the whole ground of our
difficulties, let drop an expression about "white-
washing" in debate in December last that I
have no doubt has greatly wounded and irri-
tated the mind of the President. He regards
it rather in the light of a personal affront,
though I do not believe it was so intended.
In regard to Mr. Stevens, the other gentle-
man named by him, we cannot judge fairly with-
out recallingto mind the fact that Mr. Stevens
proclaimed Andrew Johnson to be an alien
enemy, a citizen of a foreign State, in the con-
vention that nominated him as Vice President
of the United States, and therefore not now
legally President. We must not forget that he
has shown violent and bitter feelihg at various
times, and that he wields great influence, and
in such a way as to exasperate even a patient
man. I know him well—a man of great intel-
lect, with a controlling will, and possessing the
dangerous power of keen sarcasm, which he
wields against friend and foe, cutting like a
Damascus blade. In a recent debate he made
use of an exprcssionthat wouldirritate any man,
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 9.
especially when coming from a leader in the
House of Representatives. He said of the Pres-
ident that his conversation with a certain "-dis-
tinguished Senator" was-
In violation of the privileges df this Hooee, made
his,head.;
I ask you, Senators, whether the President of
the United States, regarding him as he is; a
man' who never turned his back upon a foe, per-
sonal or political; a man whose great virtue has
been his combative propensity; as a man who
repelled insults here on the very spot where
I now stand, when they came from traitors
arming themselves for the fight; can you ask
him, because he is President, to submit to in-
sult? Every sentiment of manhood, every dic-
tate of our nature, would induce a man, when
he heard these words uttered, in the heat of
passion, to thrust them back. When a man
becomes President he has none the less the
feelings of manhood. Whether a peasant or a
President, he is a man for a' that. He can
never overcome that feeling, and therefore I
say, Senators, when we are examining the
present condition of affairs, although I con-
demn the time and manner of repelling these
insults as strongly as one can, yet that con-
demnation must be palliated by the circum-
stances by which he was surrounded, by our
knowledge of his character, by the fact that he
believed he was repelling personal insult thrust
upon him by high officers of the Government,
or by a gentleman like Wendell Phillips, who
controls great masses of public opinion, and
we are bound to give him the charity of this
explanation.
There is another portion of this speech which
I think is even still more indefensible than any-
thing I have referred to; and that is that clause
which I will not read to the Senate, in which
he charges that these men are endeavoring to
incite his assassination. No charge can be more
idle, no accusation can be more unfounded;
and I am astonished to the last degree that such
an idea should ever enter the mind of the Pres-
ident of the United States that these gentlemen
were conspiring his assassination! I have seen
many papers printed on both sides of the ques-
tion, by Democrats and. Union men, and I
never have seen one that approves this accusa-
tion. I have received many letters pro and con
on this subject since this thing occurred, and
I have never yet seen an intimation but what
this charge was most unfounded. Sir, it is not
in the x-anks of the Union party the President
will find assassins. They are bred only by a
different school of politics. The men who have
done so much to save this country from anarchy
will not play the part of assassins. He need
not guard against them; and this accusation
seems to me rather the product of resentment,
hatched by anger and passion, and hurled with-
out reflection at those he believed wished to
badger and insult him.
But, sir, throwing aside these personal al-
lusions and these irritating remarks, what is
there left of the speech ? Oast over the remarks
that I have referred to the mantle of charity,
and what is there in the speech with which wc
can find fault? There may be ideas and sen-
timents which seem to be out of place; we
are not here to criticise the speech of the Pres-
ident by the rules of grammar or syntax ; but
there are ideas in his speech that are deserving
the grave consideration of tlie Senate. In one
clause of the speech he says in speaking of the
spirit of his address and conduct to the south-
ern people:
" Coming in that spirit, I say to them, ' When you
have complied with the requirements of the Consti-
tution, when you have yielded to the law, when you
have acknowledged your allegiance to the Constitu-
tion, I will, so far as I can, open the door of the
Union to those who had erred and strayed from the
fold of their fathers for a time.'"
- Now read in connection with that another
paragraph of the same speech:
" When those who rebelled comply with the Con-
stitution ; when they give sufficient evidence of loy-
alty; when theyshowthat they can betrusted; when
they yield obedience to the law that you and I ;ir-
knowledge obedience to, X say extend them the right
hand of' fellowship, and let peace and Union be re-
stored."
tjsktsessee.
Other passages of this speech, and especially
one or two in the veto message, show his ear-
nest desire for the admission of Tennessee; an<J
I have no doubt that mnoh of the excitement
in the President's mind arose out of the long-
delayed' admission of Tennessee into this Union.
That feeling crops out very strongly in the veto
message, and I confess to you that! do sympa-
thize^ very much with his feelings. What is the
condition of Tennessee? It was reconstructed
in the sense in which the term is now used be-
fore the death of President Lincoln, under his
guiding hand, with Andrew Johnson as his mere
agent. It was reconstructed by Union men in
the midst of r, and Tennessee aided us very
much in the closing operations of this war.
More than thirtythousand of her brave sons
marched under the banner of Thomas and Sher-
man. Its government was reorganized before
President Johnson came here. It was organ-
ized by his own personal friends who shared his
fortunes. The men that are sent here to rep-
resent Tennessee are as true and loyal as either
of you Senators, without exception. I have
just had brought to me the recent letter of Mr.
Maynard to the convention held on the 22d of
February, and it breathes the very spirit of pa-
triotism. There are Stokes and many others of
these gentlemen who have served the cause of
their country. Now I say to you that there is
a feeling in the public mind that Tennessee ought
to be admitted into the Union, and as soon as
possible; that she has complied with every con-
dition imposed upon her; that she has organized
civil society so for as it can be; and I think it
is the common feeling and desire of the people
of the United States, whom we represent, the
mass of the Union people, that she should be
admitted as soon as possible. One year ago
she was declared by the President not to be
in insurrection; and I do think our first duty
is at once to prepare a mode and manner by
which she may be admitted into the Union upon
such terms and conditions as will make her
way back the way of pleasantness and peace.
And, sir, I would follow the marked exception
in the ease of Tennessee by an encouraging plan
for the admission of Arkansas and sueh other
States as maybe reconstructed on a loyal basis.
no plan of reconstruction by congress.
The weakness of the position of Congress
now is not that any one denies your power, but
that you hold no lanterns to them, no light, no
plan, no mode by which they can get back into
the folds of the Union. I say tlier-efore, if the
committee on reconstruction can report a joint
resolution (instead of this asserting their power)
fixing the mode and manner by which Tennes-
see and other States may come back into the
Union, by which their loyal sons m:>v be repre-
sented upon this floor. I believe it will meet the
hearty plaudit of the American people. 1 do
not wish to go into the general question still
before the committee on reconstruction; but if
I had any power in arranging a plan. I would
mark the line as broad and deep between the
loyal people who stood at our side and the rebels
who fought against us as between heaven and
hell.
Mr. HOWARD. How can you do it ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Whenever loyal men pre-
sent a State organization, complying with such
terms and conditions and tests of loyalty as
you may prescribe, and will send here loyal
representatives, I would admit them; and when-
ever rebels send or come here I would reject
them. The President in his veto message, to
which I intend to refer presently, states this
point as strongly and as well as I can make it,
and I will reai it in reply to the honorable
Senator:
" I hold it my duty to recommend to you, in tha
