3530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Amount brought forward #1,090
Amos A. Cohan, master of American ship Hec-
tor *  60
John Hill, first officer    GO
Lewis iVances, second officer  60
Richard Gould, third officer .  60
Edward C. Wheeler, fourtlt officer  60
John Norria, M. C. Kospmann, Joseph O. Ha-
non, Robert Ashvvorth, G. M. Day. F. M.
Lockctt, Thomas Collins, William Heartly,
Lewis Ha.rder, llosea Victor, John Thomas,
Hoseade laCruny, John Ilernan, John Carty,
Bourta Seneca, Aiano Victorinea, William
Harris, John Spraguc, John Silvia: in all
nineteen seamen of American ship Sector,
@ $50 ;  950
George 0. Baxter, master of American bark
Edward Caroy  60
Horace Mintross, first officer  60
George Gibson, second officer  60
William Muse, third officer  60
Joaquinda Lans, Andrew Wise, John Griffin,
James Thompson, James Powers, Joseph M.
Alfonso, Manuel Glass, Thomas Bech, Anto-
nio S. Grail, John Woorzcy, William Moses,
Thomas Davis. John Ilarc, John Baker, Wil-
liam Baker, George Slocum, George Lyons,
Richard Dumphrey, John Thomas'; in all
nineteen seamen of American bark Edward
, Cary, ® $50  950
Total, (United States gold coin) . $3,530
United States Consulate,
Honolulu, December 26,1865.
I, the undersigned consul of the United States at the
portot Honolulu,do hereby certify that the foregoing
specified sixty-eight seamen had their several ves-
sels burned by the pirate Shenandoah at Ascension
island on the 1st day of April last; and said seamen
turned on shore at said island, (which is a savage.isl-
and,) where they remained without means of getting
awayuntii the 28th day of September last, when they
were rescued and brought therefrom and brought to,
this port on the 18th ojf November last, and thrown
upon my hands for relief in a state of great destitu-
tion by the Hawaiian bark Kamchameha V of Hon-
olulu, of which bark T, It. Foster is solo owner. I
further certify that I consider tho sums charged
above for the passages of said seamen from said isl-
and of Ascension to this port a very reasonable
charge, being at the same rate per man ijaid by the
Hawaiian Government to said owner of said bark for
bringing from said island tho crew of tho Hawaiian
ship Harvest, which was also burned at said time
and place by said pirate. For the full particulars of
all which reference is hereby made to my dispatch
No. 21 to the State Department, dated November 20,
1805.
Given under my hand and consular seal the day
r. c t and year aforesaid.
LL-S-J ALFRED CALDWELL,
United States Consul.
Honolulu, December 26,1865.
Please pay Charles Brewer & Co. or order the
amount of the above claim. J. It. FOSTER.
The PRESIDNG OFFICER. The pending
question is 011 the amendment reported by the
Committee on "Commerce to insert after the
word "Boston" the words "in coin."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out the
riam.es of the parties, "Messrs. Charles Brewer
& Co., of Boston," and to insert "the owners
of the Hawaiian bark Kamakamalia V:" so
that it shall appear that this money is paid to
foreigners.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then yon would simply
have to send it to Honolulu to get an indorse-
ment instead of sending it to Boston.
Mr. CLARK. There will be no necessity
of sending it away. I wish it to be stated in
the bill that this payment in coin is to for-
eigners.
Mr. CHANDLER. This claim has been
pending for more than a year, and I want to
have it paid at onee. It is a disgrace to the
Government that it should be so long delayed.
Mr. CLAIIK. There ought to be some recog-
nition in the bill of this claim. It does not
appear in tho bill for what the money is paid,
and it should be amended so as to show that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply ask to have a
vote on the bill. I hope it will not be amended.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest that this lan-
guage be used, " the owners of the Hawaiian
bark Kamakamalia V or their agents."
Mr. CLAIIK. That is the amendment I
desire to have made.
Mr. HOWE. Would it not meet the idea
of the Senator from New Hampshire better to
say, "pay Charles Brewer & Co., of Boston,
for tho use of the owners," &o. ?
Mr. CLARK. I do not care iiow it is done.
That, would be the same thing.
Mr. CHANDLER. Put it in that shape.
That will do. •
Mr. JOHNSON. Are they the agents?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; they are the
agents for the authorities there.
Mr. JOHNSON. You had better say that
it be paid to them as the agents for the bark.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CLARK. I will agree to anything that
will show what it is paid for.  
Mr. HOWE. I think the best form in which
wc can get it is to say, "Charles Brewer& Co.,
of Boston, for the use of the owners of the
Hawaiian bark Kamakamaha V."
Mr. JOHNSON. To be paid them " as the
agents." That will answer the purpose.
Mr. CLARK. I modify my amendment in
accordance with those suggestions.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, an'd the amendments were con-
curred in and ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the title
of the bill was amended so as to read : A bill
for the relief of the owners of the Hawaiian
bark Kamakamalia V.
MESSAGE I'llOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, hy Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following resolution, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
"Whereastliefinancial condition oftheUnited States
demands the exercise of a rigid economy, in all De-
partments of tho Government, in orderto sustain the
credit of tho nation and to relieve the people at the
earliest possible day from tho burden of excessive
taxation: and whereas thoro is reason to believe that
in many Departments of the civil service abuses have
for a long time existed and still exist, in the perpet-
uation of useless offices and sinecurcs, in extrava-
gant salaries and allowances, and in other unneces-
sary and wasteful expenditures: Therefore,
Resolved by the House of liepresentatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a joint select committee be
appointed, to consist of two members of the Senate
and three members of the House, to be styled the
joint select committee on retrenchment; that said
committee be instructed to inquire into the expendi-
tures in all tho branches of the civil service of the
United States, and to report whether any and what
offices ought to bo abolished, whether any and what
salaries or allowances ought to bo reduced, and gen-
erally how and to what extent the expenses of the
civil service of tho country may and ought to be cur-
tailed. That said committee be authorized to sit
during tho recess of Congress, to send for persons and
papers, and to report by bill or otherwise. And that
said committee may appoint a clerk for the term of
six months and no more.
IS.VIIOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bills; which were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 50) granting a pension to
Mary C. Hamilton;
A bill (S. No. 215)-concerning certain lands
granted to the State of Nevada;
A bill (S. No. 299) granting a pension to
Jane E. Miles;
A bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of Sarah
J. Pureell; and
A bill (S. No. 3C8) granting a pension to
Mrs. Margaret A. Farran.
MAIL SERVICE TO CHINA.
Mr. CONNESS. I now call up the joint
resolution which was laid aside informally to
enable the Senator from Michigan to pass his
bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 98) to amend an act entitled "An act
to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and China," approved, February 17, 1865. It
proposes to repeal so much of the first section
of an act entitled "An act to authorize the
establishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and China," ap-
plfcved February 17, 1865, as requires that the
steamships engaged in carrying the mails be-
tween the United States and China shall touch
at Honolulu, in the Sandwich Islands; but this
is not to be construed to alter the amount fixed
by that act, or the contract made by the Post-
master General in pursuance thereof, as a com-
pensation for carrying the mails between the
United States and China.
_ Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the resolu-
tion under consideration proposes to release
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, who are
the contractors with the Postmaster General
for carrying the United States mails between
San Francisco and Japan and China by way
of Honolulu, from the obligation to touch at
Honolulu. The act under which that contract
was made was passed in 1865. The first prop-
osition to pass such an act, I believe, came
from some parties in Boston. It was proposed
to carry the mails, by the form of bill that they
presented to Congress, in vessels that should
not be less than two thousand tons measure-
ment. After a considerable length of time,
those parties abandoned the project, and the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company took it up.
It will be remembered that they are the parties
who are engaged in carrying the United States
mails and transporting merchandise and pas-
sengers between New York and Aspiftwall, and
Panama and San Francisco.
Under the act that was passed, competition
was invited for the performance of the service
from San Francisco to China; and it was pro-
vided that a subsidy should be granted by the
Government, not to exceed $500,000 annually,
but that the Postmaster General should adver-
tise for bids for the service, and give the con-
tract to the lowest responsible bidder. In
process of time,, those advertisements were
made, but no bid was received except from the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company. The act,
however; providing for it had been amended so
as to require the construction of steamships, in
which to carry the mails and to perform this
service, of not less than three thousand tons
measurement. The increase of one thousand
tons was made to the ships proposed originally
by the act as it passed in 1865. The Pacific
Mail Steamship Company felt their ability to
undertake this work; but with the'ir wide ex-
perience in the management of sea-going
steamers, they entered upon calculations before
they made their bid, taking into account the
distance of ocean to be traversed, the capacity
of the ships for coaling themselves or carrying
a sufficient supply of coal, and the capacity of
the ships f%r the transportation of merchandise
and passengers. It may very well be assumed
that they would not enter upon buil'ding larger
vessels, owing to the great cost of constructing
them, than the actual necessities of this great
commercial project demanded with a view of
assuring its entire success; but the calculations
that they made were of such a character as to
convince them that success in the great and
new project of grasping the trade of the East
Indies, and connecting it in the most direct
manner with our own country could not be
successfully made or had in vessels of a less
capacity than four thousand tons.
In that condition of affairs they consulted
various parties, their friends in and out of
Congress, as to whether they would be held,
if they niade the contract, to make the stop-
ping required in the act as passed at Honolulu.
The general answers and replies that they re-
ceived were, that if it could be shown at any
time that the success of this great commercial
project would be in any manner compromised
by the stoppage at Honolulu, Congress would
readily release them from that part of the ser-
vice. With that assurance, and determined to
make the project a great success for the char-
acter of the nation and for their own character
as men entering upon a great and new service,
they engaged in building ships of the greater
capacity. Two of those ships are being con-
