1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
cial policy of the country is to be, that they
may conform their business to it, and govern
themselves accordingly.
I am as anxious to see the country once more
on a specie basis as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or the Committee of Ways and Means or
any member of this House can be; but I do
not believe it necessary to contract the currency
beyond the amount of the compound-interest
notes in order to reach this result. Why, sir,
since the meeting of this Congress, and with-
out contracting the currency a dollar, the pre-
mium on gold has fallen one third. At this
rate we shall reach specie payment in about
six months. Why not let well enough alone?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
ask the gentleman whether, if I hold $20,000
in compound-interest notes, and am disposed
to hold on to them for ten years, I can bo com-
pelled to fund them?
Mr. LYNCH. I presume the gentleman
would not hold those compound-interest notes
for ten years when they have ceased to be a
legal tender and to bear interest.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from Maine
let me answer that question? „
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to the gentleman for
a moment.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Washburn] asks the gentleman from
Maine whether, if he has $20,000 in compound-
interest notes, and is disposed to hold them
for ten years, he can be compelled to fund
them. I wish to answer that question in this
way: that he may hold them as long as he
pleases, but when they mature they will draw
no interest after that time. •
Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch)
is that no legal-tender notes shall be funded
until all the other notes are taken in.
Mr. LYNCH. That none of the notes not
bearing interest, known as legal-tender notes,
shall be retired until all the interest-bearing
notes are funded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Suppose
that I should hold $20,000 of these compound-
interest notes for ten years, the legal-tender
notes cannot bo retired while I continue to hold
those notes.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not suppose these com-
pound-interest notes will bo held after they
mature and cease to draw interest. The gen-
tleman knows very well that those notes are not
legal tender except for their face. After they
mature they will no doubtbepromptly presented
for payment.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment. I had not proposed to say any-
thingupon this question ; but having introduced
thy resolution on the 18th of December so fre-
quently alluded to, which received the almost
unanimous vote .of this House, and which
pledged this House to cooperative action with
the Secretary of the Treasury in trying to effect
an early resumption of specie payment, I will
say a word in explanation of my purpose in
introducing that resolution. The circulation
of such vast amounts of irredeemable paper
money during the war had stimulated business
and enhanced prices to such a degree as to en-
rich almost everybody engaged in any specu-
lation or business pursuit to any extent; aud
the consequence was that everybody expected
to part with a very considerable portion of
their nominal gains as soon as the war should
cease. Accordingly, as soon as the rebellion
was crushed, everybody looked for the com-
mencement of a policy of liquidation aud con-
traction on the part of the Government, and
preparations for such a state of things imme-
diately commenced. Gold declined, property
and merchandise of all kinds were compelled to
submit to serious reduction in prices, until it
was discovered that the Government could not,
if it would, contract the currency until it was
further out of the woods. And so far from con-
traction and depreciation following the close
of the war, they found that a slight expansion
and consequent increase of values was the
result. Trade was stimulated, speculation en-
sued, gold advanced materially, and a worse
state of things, so far as speculation "and high
prices were concerned, seemed to be promised
than existed during the war.
It was under this state of things that the Fort
Wayne speech of the Secretary of the Treasury
was made, which produced such a profound
sensation throughout the country. It was wel-
comed as the harbinger of better days by all
those who desired a sound currency, a stable
business, and who believed that the only real
wealth of a country was in its productive in-
dustry and not in irredeemable promises to
pay. But it produced consternation and dis-
may in the ranks of speculators and advocates
of high prices. That speech was soon followed
by the Secretary's able report to Congress ; and
then the inquiry arose, will Congress sanction
his views and cooperate with him in effecting,
as speedily as possible consistent with the true
interests of the country, a restoration of the
currency to a sound basis? If it will, then, said
the speculator, my vocation is gone; and the
manufacturer, I must be content with less ex-
orbitant profits ; and the merchant, I must be
more prudent in my operations. Now, it was
with a view of determining how far Congress
coincided with the Secretary in his views of
financial policy, that the'eountry might under-
stand what to expect, that I introduced the
resolution alluded to. and I confess the vote
surprised me; but the discussions and action
of the House recently have convinced me that
they did not comprehend so well as the country
did the import of that resolution.
Now all, or nearly all, are agreed that it is
important that we should come back to a sound
currency as speedily as possible consistent with
the true interests of the country. Now the
?uestion arises, how can this best be done ? And
will say right here, that if you give the Sec-
retary all the power he desires, and cooperate
with him as earnestly and fully as you may, and
commence the work of contraction to-morrow,
such are his wants, and the Government's
needs, that it is impossible to accomplish the
desired result for two or three years at best;
but every day you defer the commencement of
this policy, the harder and more difficult the
process. Contraction eight months ago could
have been .commenced with much less shock to
the business interests of the country than it
can to-day, and much better to-day than eight
months hence. _ Why? Because at the conclu-
sion of the war everybody was comparatively
well off; labor was scarce; merchandise was
scarce, and nothing plenty but paper money,
and individual indebtedness was small; conse-
quently a contraction of the currency at that
time would not have seriously affected the price
of labor or merchandise, and would only have
served as a wholesome check to speculation
and that over-production in some kind of man-
ufactures which was superinduced by fabulous
profits. Commence to-day and labor is not so
plenty, nor our surplus products so great, or
individual indebtedness so large as to occasion
any serious reaction, such as must inevitably
arise if we defer it a year or two longer. Defer
this attempt to contract the currency a year or
two longer, and whoever hopes to avert wide-
spread disaster, desolation, and ruin to all
the business interests of the country, knows
nothing in my opinion of the laws of trade, and
the relation which currency bears to those
laws.
We can no more get back to a specie basis
than England could after twenty years' suspen-
sion, without a shock to our monetary and com-
mercial system of greater or less magnitude, in
proportion to the length of time it shall be de-
ferred. At the close of the continental wars,
after the battle of Waterloo, in June, 1815, a
great impetus was given to trade in England
for a year or two, just as with us for the last
few months, which was followed by a corre-
sponding depression and stagnation to an ex-
tent which reduced values of all kinds to less
than forty cents on the dollar of what they were
for a year or two preceding, extending to real
as well as personal property. The same result
must inevitably follow here, unless we manage
our financial matters with great skill and'pru-
dence; and this can only be done by giving the
Secretary of the Treasury the power to do every-
thing needful to bring us to specie payments
as speedily as practicable; in other words, to
make him "master of the situation."
Just so long as we remain as we are, and
until we resume specie payments, all our vast
.business interests are in the hands of aud at
the mercy of the Secretary of the Treasury.
His action may, if he chooses, affect values of
currency, merchandise, or gold every day in
the year. His power now is gigantic, his re-
sponsibility immense, and our peril, in conse-
quence of the necessity of placing so much
power in a single person's hands, most ter-
rific. Nothing connected with the Government
troubles me so much, and nothing I would make
such sacrifices to avoid; and the only remedy
to be found is in a resumption of specie pay-
ments. Resume specie payments,and that power
and that control over the currency and business
interests of the country cease in great degree.
Now, while he has so much power for evil I
would clothe him with all the necessary power
for good that we possess, and put upon him
the responsibility of using it properly. I am
aware that it is no argument that the present
incumbent is all right financially. We should
legislate not only for probable but possible con-
tingencies. In the present crisis wc have no
alternative. Wc must take the fearful "risk;
but it is a great satisfaction to know that our
present Secretary is a prudent, careful finan-
cier, of incorruptible integrity. I wish he was
as sound politically as he is financially, but I
think he is far from it. He was not. the candi-
date of my choice. I urged upon Mr. Lincoln
somewhat earnestly the appointment of another
distinguished citizen. One evening he sent a
message that he wished to see me. I called
upon him, and he told me that he had quiteas
exalted an opinion of the person urged by me
as I had myself, but for certain reasons he
could not nominate him; and he asked me
what I thought of Mr. McCulloch. 1 told him
I thought he was one of the wisest men, finan-
cially, Iliad metin Washington. " Well,"said
he, "it seems to me he is; and understands
that matter thoroughly, if he does not any-
thing else. And I have confidence that he will
put our finances through, and I am going to
appoint him Secretary of the Treasury." I
tho.ught then, and I think now, Mr. Lincoln's
estimate of him was right; and while this
power must rest in some man's hands, I think
the country is fortunate in having its finances
in the hands of Mr. McCulloch.
The country is looking with intense anxiety
and interest to Congress for some action in this
matter; and however unwilling Congress may
be to give the subject prominent consideration,
let me tell gentlemen of the House, this ques-
tion in the future is going to abs.orb all other
questions; and mightier contests and fiercer
political struggles over these questions are in
store for us than were those which distinguished
the period which immediately preceded the
great financial revulsion of 1837. To-day an
immense majority of the sound and substantial
business men of the country are in favor of a
reasonable contraction of the currency and an
early resumption of specie payments. Wait a
few months, even, before you begin to look in
that direction, and you will find the business
interests of the country then all against you
if you attempt contraction, just as they were a
unit almost in 1836 in favor of inflation and
expansion. If no check is given now expan-
sion is sure to follow, until the business men
of the country will find themselves holding
large stocks, with an extended credit system
which will make it impossible to contract the
currency and reduce prices without overwhelm-
ing a large portion of the most enterprising
business men in the country in irretrievable
ruin. It is to avert such a calamity that I now
