1866.}
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
appendix to the- congressional globe;
Representation of Southern States—Mr. Sherman.
131
senate.
a political pai'ty is indispensable and choice of
agents within it is a necessity, but it must be
a grave exigency that will justify a betrayal of
those by ^nd through whom we obtain trust
and power.
The Union party, in my judgment, is the
most powerful political organization that has
eyer controlled the Government of this court-
try. During the last fall it carried every one
of the so-called northern States—northern no
more, I hope. The Legislatures of all those
States are in a harmony with the Union party.
Nine out of ten of the soldiers who carried
our flag are adherents of the Union party, and
sustained us at the election as they did in the
field of battle. The great body of the offieers
who led the soldiers through all the perils of
war are of the same feeling. The great Union
party is a sound, conservative, healthy polit-
• ical organization, demanding only of its agents
what is reasonable and right. I think its mem-
bers demand, and have a right to demand, of
Mr. Johnson a strict, earnest, faithful adher-
ence to the principles which led to his selectibn
as a candidate for the Vice Presidency, and
placed him side by side with the lamented Lin-
coln ; and they demand of him trust and con-
fidence in those who placed him in power.
what it demands of congress.
And, sir, this party demands of Congress
some things, also. It demands of Congress a
prompt restoration of some of the rebel States,
or at least a prompt plan of restoration of the
rebel States. If on account of their present
condition any of these States cannot yet come
into the Union; if because they are still rebel-
lious, or will not in spite of our laws select men
who have not stained their hands with the
blood of our countrymen, let them stay out.
While the State of Georgia or any other State
of the South Can find no citizen within her
bosom to represent her except those who,
more almost than all others, are responsible
for the blood that has been shed in the recent
war, I will never vote for the admission of its
Representatives or Senators. They must first
show by their conduct an obedience to the law.
Among the laws that stood on the statute-book
when they were the force to which they ap-
pealed was that law which prescribed a test
oath ; and I, for one, will never yield that test
oath to enable any man whose hand is stained
with the blood of my fellow-countrymen to take
a seat on the floor of the Senate.
But, sir, I am desirous to see some mode by
which loyal men from the southern States, in
States that are organized on a secure and safe
basis, may be promptly admitted on this floor.
The' people of the United States demand of
Congress some suchplan and that right speedily,
and they demand a change of the basis of rep-
resentation. . By the provisions of the Consti-
tution of the United States there are four mil-
lion people of the southern States who, denied
all political rights, will still be represented in
Congress, and the strange anomaly will pre-
sent itself of these rebel States, who have done
all they could to overthrow the Government,
coming back here with increased political
power. I think that our constituents will
demand of us that before they are admitted
we shall have at least adopted a plan by which
the basis of representation may be put upon a
secure and safe footing.
Let us take some cases disclosed by the cen-
sus tables and let us make a momentary com-
parison. The State of Alabama has a total
population of 96-1,201: she is entitled upon the
basis of representation to seven Representa-
tives ; but the State of Alabama has only 436,080
white people who exercise any political power.
The State of Wisconsin has a population of
774,710, or nearly twice as many white people
as the State of Alabama, and yet unless you
change the basis of representation, Alabama
•will come back here with seven Representatives
while Wisconsin has but six. So with Virginia
and Illinois. Virginia has a total population
of 1,596,318, and a white population of only
1,047,411, while Illinois has a white population
of 1,704,323, or nearly twice as many as the
State of Virginia; and yet unless there is some
change in the Constitution, Virginia will come
back with twelve Representatives while Illinois
has but thirteen. I might go through the list.
This is a condition of inequality to which our
people will not submit now when they have the
power to remedy it.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buckalew] the other day in a very ably
prepared argument demonstrated, as I think,
very clearly that the inequality of representation
in the Senate is even still more marked than
this; but he must remember that that inequal-
ity is beyond the power of recall; that no change
can be made in that respect except either by
revolution or by a national convention. Be-
sides, this inequality of representation in the
Senate does not really amount to very much,
for the reason that the small States are mainly
distributed side by side with the large States,
and they have a community of interest with the
large States. I have myself watched the vote
upon the various propositions to see whether
this inequality of representation of States in the
Senate has operated hard, and I find almost
always the large and small States mix and min-
gle in their votes. It very rarely makes any
difference, as whenever the popular majority
carries the House of Representatives that same
popular majority carries the Senate. This in-
equality, while it cannot be changed, really does
but little harm. The only section of which
any complaint can fairly be made is New Eng-
land, where a group of six small States stand
together, and sometimes have peculiar inter-
ests of which they are very tenacious; but
the West rapidly growing into giant power,
strengthened by new States every year, and
where there is a community of interests of great
States and small States—the great West can
soon hold New England in check whenever
she unduly avails herself of her unequal polit-
ical power here.
the basis of bepresentation—voteks.
Mr. President, the real question of difficulty
is how this change in the basis of representa-
tion shall occur. The committee of fifteen have
reported a plan that I shall probably vote for,
but I must express my preference for another. I
do it now, so that I shall not take up the time of
the Senate hereafter. In my judgment the true
basis of representation in this country is voters.
I know this was discussed in the other House,
and I have read the debate there, but, the result
was not satisfactory tome. All the objections
that have been made to that system were ob-
jections that might be easily obviated and easily
answered. Suppose the basis of representa-
tion was the very one suggested by Andrew
Johnson, that all men above the age of twenty-
one years, citizens of the United States, who
by the laws of the respective States are entitled
to vote shall be the basis of representation.
What then ? What is the objection to that plan?
It is simple, uniform, applying to all sections
without any appearance of legislating against
a particular interest or a particular section. It
is fair, manly, and honorable. The true basis
of representation are men who east, the votes.
All the others who stand outside of this circle
are voted for by the voters and are represented
by the voters.
But one of the objections made to this plan
is that in the border States by their laws they
exclude a large portion of their population from
voting on the ground of disloyalty, having taken
share in the rebellion. Suppose they do; sup-
pose Maryland has excluded one third of her
population because they were rebels, ought the
loyal men of Maryland to vote for those rebels?
Whether they are excluded on acccount of color
or crime they are equally to be excluded from
the basis of representation, and this argument,
which applied only to a narrow interest and of
a temporary character which will soon disap-
pear by the march of events, is now made to
stand in the way of a just and fair basis of rep-
resentation. So it is said that in the State of
-New York where there is a large preponderance
of foreigners, the State of New York will lose,
because foreigners not'being voters will not be
counted. Suppose it is, would not that be right?
Foreigners are not citizens, but may become
such. They pass through a pupilage and then
are citizens and may be counted. Because they
happen to have the most of them in New York,
is that a reason why they should be included
in the basis of representation? The States
ought not to look upon this question as it af-
fects their own particular interests for the time,
but as a question of equality, of right, and of
justice in the Electoral College and the House
of Representatives.
So of New England. It is said that New
England will lose something because she has a
great number of beautiful women and children
more than she has men. That is true; but I
ask you, Mr. President, yourself a distinguished
representative from New England, where the
men are who represent these women ? They
are the best blood of your country who go west-
ward and there soon give tone to society, and
come back here to represent themselves and
the mothers and sisters and kindred they left
behind. New England is at this moment not
only represented by her twelve Senators, but
by six or eight more who are sons of New Eng-
land who moved to the West and carried with
them their religion, their principles, and in some
cases their wives, or where they did not we pro-
vided wives for them. Thcv came back here
as Senators, and now stand here to vote New
England ideas and New England principles.
Suppose New England should lose a member
or two because the young men have gone West,
are her women and children unrepresented?
No, sir, they are represented by men from every
State in the Union.
I say, therefore, that this rule, proposed first
I believe by Professor Leiber, is in my judgment
the fairest basis of representation. lliat a
change of the basis is demanded there can be
no doubt. This in my opinion is the best prop-
osition, but I do not profess to lie among the
impracticables, and if I cannot get what 1 want
I am willing to take that proposition which was
reported from the committee of fifteen, which
does at least take away that singular feature by
which the South would gain representation by
the rebellion.
UNIVERSAL StJFFKARE.
Sir, perhaps I ought not to say anything
further in regard to a proposition made by the
Senator from Missouri. [Mr. Henderson,] so
eloquently and ably defended and maintained
in a long and elaborate oration by the Senator
from Massachusetts, that we ought now to start
de novo, to go back to first principles and base
representation on population, and take away
from the States the power to fix the qualifica-
tion of voters, and proclaim that nobody should
be excluded from voting on account of color.
It has always seemed to mo best to attempt
that which is attainable; and when I say to you
that no man can really believe that we can keep
these States out from representation here until
we can educate the people of the United States
up to a change of their Constitution so as to
compel any State to adopt negro suffrage, it is
a proposition so clear that I need scarcely dis-
cuss it.
If we propose to exclude those eleven States
from the Union until we can compel three
fourths of all the States to vote for negro suf-
frage, then these eleven States will be a Hun-
gary, a Poland, an Ireland, to be ruled^over by
the military rod for years to come. You may
depend upon it the people of the United States
