1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2571
feiture of the vessel; and that is in harmony
with the existing law on the subject. _ In the
case of a foreign sea-going vessel arriving at
one of the Atlantic ports, if the master fails to
deliver in a true manifest, the articles which
are not mentioned in the manifest are forfeited,
but not the vessel, and the captain is subjected
to a fine. But the third section provides for
the search and examination of land craft, if I
may use that term—railroad cars, engines,
express-wagons, whatever it may be—and then
proceeds to provide that if contraband goods
are found on board, the vehicle, that is, the
railway train or the express-wagon or what-
ever it may be, shall be subject to forfeiture.
It appears to me there is no such inherent dis-
tinction between carriage by land and carriage
by water as to authorize us to allow a vessel
which brings in contraband goods to go free
and at the same time to condemn a railroad
train which should do precisely the same thing.
I call the attention of the committee to it be-
cause it is possible they have some explanation
which will satisfy myself and other Senators on
this point. It appears to me that there ought
.to be a reasonable approximation to uniformity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) Does the Senator propose an
amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not._
Mr. MORRILL. I had an impression that
the difficulty suggested by the Senator from
Vermont was provided for in another section
of the bill, but I am not certain that it is not
provided for in the law as it stands, of which
this is amendatory; and if so then it need not
be provided for here. There have been sev-
eral other suggestions ofamendmentmade, and
if it be the pleasure of the Senate I should be
glad to have the bill lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had belter have
the amendments made in committee concurred
in in the Senate, and then let it go over.
Mr. MORRILL. Is the bill in the Senate
or in Committee of the Whole?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to have the
bill reported to the Senate, and such amend-
ments as are not objected to concurred in, and
then I should like to have the bill lie over until
to-morrow for further consideration.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the Senate in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. The question will be taken on the
amendments collectively, unless some Senator
desires a separate vote.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have a
separate vote on the amendment in the third
line of the seventh section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. HOWE. I desire a separate vote on the
last amendment to the fourth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I.ask for a separate vote
upon the amendment striking out the nineteenth
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved.
Mr. HENDERSON. Some amendments
have been made in the latter part of the thirty-
third section which I think the Senator having
charge of the bill had better look over. If
those amendments are concurred in now we
may not be able to amend the section hereafter.
I will therefore ask that the amendments to the
proviso of the thirty-third section be excepted,
and in the meantime the Senator from Maine
can look into them.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to have all the
amendments in that section reserved, and also
section thirty-five.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those amend-
ments will be excepted. The question now is
on concurring in the remainder of the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine now moves that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to have it
made the special order for one o'clock if there
be no objection.
Mr. CLARK. It will come up as the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. MORRILL. _ Very well then; I will
not make the motion to postpone, but let it
come up as the unfinished business to-morrow.
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 14, 18G6.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. b. boynton.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories for bills on leave and joint resolu-
tions, to be referred to* appropriate committees,
and not to be brought bacK by a motion to
reconsider.
reconstruction report.
Mr. LE BLOND. I offer the following con-
current resolution, on which I demand the pre-
vious question:
Besnlved, (the Senato concurring,) That the report
ofMajor General J. B. Stcedman andBrigadierfcien-
eral J. Sullerton, dated May 7,1866, be, and the
same is hereby, ordered to be incorporated in and
published with the testimony taken by the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction, together with such other
repoits :is they may from. time to tirao make in pur-
suance of the commission under which they are acting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Must not
this resolution, being presented under this cali,
be referred to a committee?
The SPEAKER. It must, under- the rule.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I withdraw the
resolution.
canal company in california.
Mr, HIGBY introduced an act granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
Sierra Nevada and Contra Costa Irrigation and
Canal Company in the State of California;
which was road a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
brigadier general george wright.
Mr. BID WELL introduced a bill for the
relief of the representatives of the late Brig-
adier General George Wright, United States
Army; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
pueblo lands.
Mr. BIDWELL also introduced a bill to
quiet the title to the Pueblo lands of the town
of Santa Barbara; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
mail steamships on the pacific.
Mr. BIDWELL introduced a bill to authorize
ocean mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and the Sandwich Islands; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
telegraph line at the west.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph lino from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes,' ap-
proved July 1,1862," approved July 2, 1864;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill to amend
an act donating public land to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for
the benefit of agricultural and mechanic arts,
approved July 2, 1862; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
consolidation of indian tribes.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill for the
consolidation of the Indian tribes, and to es-
tablish civil government in the Indian terri-
tories ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next
business in order, to call the States and Ter-
ritories for resolutions, commencing with the
State of Pennsylvania, where the call rested
last Monday, proceeding in the inverse order.
tenure of office.
Mr. WILLTAMS offered the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquiro into the expediency of so alter-
ing the law as to abrogate the tenure of office at the
pleasure of the appointing power, wherever the same
now exists, and to make all official trusts determin-
able at times ccrtain, subject only to the condition
of good behavior, with leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. If I understand it, this
resolution embraces the principle which was
added to the Post Office bill in the Senate. If
so I intend to move to lay it on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is only a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. LE BLOND. Very well.
The resolution was agreed to.
additional secretary of tiie navy.
Mr. STEVENS introduced the following
joint resolution ; which was read a first and
second time:
Itewlvedby tlte Senate and House of Representatives,
&c„ That an additional Secretary of the Navy shall
be appointed whose commission shall expire at the
end of six months from the 1st day of June next.
Mr. STEVENS. I will merely state that it
is necessary to send a Secretary of the Navy
abroad, and during the time that he is abroad
it is necessary that another should be appointed.
I call the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish the gentleman
would explain the necessity for the passage of
this resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. The Department find it
necessary to send a Secretary abroad on ac-
count of some examination of navies and navy-
yards in foreign countries, and by the peculiar
law appointing an Assistant Secretary of the
Navj', different from the others, in the absence
or sickness of the head of the bureau the As-
sistant Secretary becomes the Secretary of the
Navy pro tempore. It is necessary, therefore,
to have one on the spot. I have limited the
duration of the term to six months, so that
under no circumstances shall it exceed the
time when the man who is sent abroad shall
return.
Mr. SPALDING. Allow me to say a word.
I understood some time ago that the present
Assistant Secretary of the Navy proposed to
resign, and it was said that he had sent in his
resignation. And now I understand that he
proposes a tour to Europe, and that for his
accommodation, he holding the office and
receiving the pay of first Assistant Secretary
of the Navy, we are called upon to make a
second Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. I have stated what the
head of the Department said. I know nothing
more. He has not the time to go, and it was
thought proper to have another appointed. I
trust the gentleman will not object to it. It is
but for six months.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope this House will
hesitate before it gives its 
