1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 23,
bonds are going in large amount,g every day to
Europe, and as confidence in the stability of
our Government and its ability to pay increases,
they will go_ abroad in larger amounts unless
something is done to prevent it. It requires
no very great knowledge of business to see
that when our bonds are held in Europe tq
such great extent, afid hundreds of millions of
coin are annually drained from, the Country to
pay them, that it will be impossible to main-
tain our credit and prosperity unless we pre-
vent it by providing that they shall be paid in
currency. If this be done our bonds will not
continue to go abroad. To-day our five-twenties
can be purchased there at seventy, thus afford-
ing an interest of from nine to ten per cent, in
gold, whereas the national loans of Europe
give only four or five per cent. There is no
means of preventing this evil, so far as 1 can
see, if our bonds are to bo paid in coin. So
long as we pay six per cent, interest, while
European Governments pay but three or four,
if the capitalists or the people of Europe have
confidence iu the stability of our Government,
and in its ability to discharge its obligations, it
seems to me by the natural law of finances
that our bonds must inevitably go to Europe.
Now, this debt can be taken care of bv the
American people. There is abundant ability,
and i would much prefer to see the seven-thirty
bonds continue in the hands of the people, and
bediffusedthroughouttheentire country among
the laboring men, those who can own a few
hundred dollars' worth, rather than have a
large amount of coin-interest-bearing obliga-
tions issued. Now, while this evil is acknowl-
edged, while there is danger impending in
regard to our finances and the business of the
country, though this amendment may be very
inadequate, and may fail to accomplish the
purpose desired, yet it is the only means that
occurs to mo of meeting the danger. So long
as the bonds are payable in lawful money, until
we reach the specie basis, there will bo no de-
mand for these obligations issued in Europe.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRiSW OLD. 1 rise to oppose the
amendment. I concur with the gentleman in
the object he seeks to attain, but I differ with
him entirely as to the mode of doing it. In
my judgment we are legislating at the wrong
end of this question. It' the House of Repre-
sentatives would take measures with reference
to protecting us from the overwhelming, inev-
itable, and destructive avalanche of foreign
importations into this country, we would be
legislating to some purpose.
Mr. H l'L\TW 0li Til. Task if there are not
importers in this House now acting for this
bill?
Mr. ORIS WOE D. I say if we should legis-
late to prohibit these enormous importations
wo would bedoiug a much wiser thing than we
are doing now.
Mr. il lOBY. I rise to a question of order.
It is a disgrace tlie way this House conducts
itself when gentlemen are on the floor. It is
utterly impossible to hear them, there is so
much talking in the vicinity of members who
are speaking. 1 have got tired of this.
The CHAIRMAN. "Gentl. imen will resume
their seats and preserve order. All business
■will be suspended until gentlemen resume their
seats.
Mr. GRISIV OLD. I was alluding to the
enormous importations with which this country
is now being tlooded, and I appeal to this Con-
gress to put forth its arm and do something to
arrest it. Do v.x realize the fact that fromlhe
1st of January to the 1st of February of this
year the increase of importations over the cor-
responding period of last year was one hundred
and fifty per cent., and that for the last six
weeks up to the 1st of March, the importations
as compared with the same period of last year,
were six times as much ? A re gentlemen aware
that we are to-day being flooded with foreign
goods at the rate of $-500,000,000 per annum :
tnat our foreign indebtedness to-day is not less
than $1,500,000,000, and that §2,000,000,000 |
is a small estimate of.the amount of our secu- I
rities that within the next sixty or ninety days
will be held abroad? Why, sir, it will require
an exportation of $120,000,000 a year in gold
to pay that interest alone-.
I appeal, therefore, to this Congress to com-
mence at the other end in their legislation and
protect us from this ruinous flood of foreign
importation, and let the currency stand as it is.
Sir, I have been reluctant to oppose' any
measure that has been recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury or that comes through
the distinguished Committee of Ways and
Means. I have the fullest faith in the discre-
tion and integrity of the present incumbent of
that office. But I would clothe no man with
the power of crushing the whole business in-
terest of this country at his pleasure, as in my
judgment this discretionary power would clothe
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Gentlemen talk about contraction. Are we
not contracting sufficiently now? Has not the
Secretary of the Treasury under the present
law ample power to contract as far, ay, much
further, than the business interests or the in-
dustrial interests of the country require?
And let me say, further, that there is a great
deal of delusion about this idea of atf expanded
currency. Of course there is no difference of
opinion on one point: every man believes it is
our duty, as rapidly as possible, to get back to
specic payment. But there are worse things
than the mere deferring of the resumption of
specie payment. I am in favor of its resump-
tion, of course, as every man is or should be,
but in arriving at that point I am opposed to
any policy which shall crush out and destroy
the material and industrial interests of this
country. I would clothe no man, not even the
present incumbent of the Treasury Department,
with that power.
Is there anything unreasonable in insisting
that he shall fund the interest-bearing notes
before disturbing the circulating medium of
the country ? As I said before, there is a great
delusion about this idea of inflation. * Previous
to the war we had not less than $560,000,000
of circulation, including bank notes and coin.
Under the present expansion at most it can
only roach $750,000,000.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. WENTWORTII. Is it in order for me
to say a few words against the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. Debate is
exhausted upon it.
The question being taken on the amendment
to the amendment il was disagreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I offer the following
amendment:
Providrd. That tho Ies-al-teririer notes known as
Strccnbaeks shall not be diminished from tho amount
now in circuiation.
I offer this amendment in order that I may
slate to the House the reasons that induced me
to favor the amended bill as reported from the
committee.
I voted against the passage of the bill last
before the House. My objection to that bill I
had not an opportunity to slate at the time. I
objected to it on account of the fact that it gave
to the Secretary of the Treasury an unlimited
power to retire at pleasure all the outstanding
circulation of the United States currency. To
that T was opposed, and I recorded my vote
accordingly. The amount of local indebted-
ness arising from township and .county boun-
ties, and in my State made payable in the next
two years, would by too sudden contraction
prove disastrous in the extreme to our people.
_ This amended bill limits the amount at the
disposal of the Secretary of the Treasury to
such a degree that I think there is no respon-
sibility taken by any member of tho House,
who is in favor of retaining the greenbacks as a
circulating medium, in voting for the measure.
Gentlemen express their unlimited confi-
dence in the present incumbent. I also have
confidence in him, and I am willing to show
that confidence by casting a vote that will sat-
isfy the country on the subject.
I do not believe in that kind of profession
which declares great confidence in the ability
and integrity of that officer, and at the same
time holds out to this House and the country
that a responsibility is being reposed iu him
which gentlemen do not place in his hands.
What is the responsibility ? Gentlemen tell
us that under existing laws tho Secretary of the
Treasury has power to retire $180,000,000 of
compound-interest notes. If he has that power
whfit additional- power do you place in his
hands? It will be but eight months before
this Congress will convene again. Pass this
bill and you place in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, until you can arrest him
by your action eight months hence, the power
to do what? To issue $18,000,000 of bonds
for currency; that is to say, §10,000,000 in the
first six months, and $4,000,000 in each of the
two succeeding mouths. I ask you, Mr. Chair-
man and gentlemen of this House, you who
have stood up and backed the Administration
during the hours of its peril, when the exist-
ence of the nation was at stake ; I appeal to you
now in the hour of its financial struggle, will
you not place in the hands of its Secretary of the
Treasury the power of funding the $18,000,000
that this bill_ proposes? How much will it
affect the business of the country to retire this
$18,000,000?
There are yet $50,000,000 of national bank
paper unissued, and will doubtless swell the
volume of currency that amount during the
next year, and with but $18,000,000 of green-
backs withdrawn this year, the actual circula-
tion of the country would be increased in the
aggregate rather than diminished.
But I maybe told that this amount of S180,-
000,000 may be retired. I take it upon myself
to say that it does not constitute a part of the
general circulating medium of the country. It is
retired now. It is held in the pockets of the
business men of this country, because of the
interest that the notes are bearing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I de-
sire to state to the House, with entire frank-
ness, why I oppose any limitation upon the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury. My
reason is that I believe that the Secretary of
the Treasury'has to yet fight the greatest battle
that any one man ever fought. Tho conflicts
carried on by General Grant and the other
prominent military men of our day were of less
consequence than this great battle in which the
Secretary of the Treasury is to take part, be-
cause, if General Grant were overcome, we
could fall back upon Sherman; and if Sher-
man were unsuccessful, we could fall back upon
Sheridan. But if the present Secretary of the
Treasury should be overcome, upon whom can
we fall back ?
I desire to say, Mr. Chairman, that I have
consented to this bill in committee as a com-
promise. As such it has been reported. In
agreeing to the bill I have been influenced
mainly by my confidence in the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] the chairman of the
committee. He has been appointed to that
position by the Speaker of this House, and the
defeat of this bill will be equivalent to declar-
ing a want of confidence not only in the chair-
man of the committee, but also in the Speaker
who appointed him.
There arc but two questions before the House
at the present time, and those are questions
which have divided this country from the origin
of our Government. Itis nousc to attempt to
get up here a cry against th«B bill on the ground
that, tho trouble all arises from the importers.
1 have seen here, I presume, not less than fifty
importers during this session. Some of them
have been on this floor to-day, and I endeav-
ored a little while ago to obtain the attention
of the Chairman that I might call for the en-
forcement of the rule in reference to admission
on the floor. Sir, there is not an importer that
has come on here to Washington as a lobbyist
who is not in favor of the proposition of my
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] the
antagonist proposition to that now presented by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways ana
Means. Tlie importers are the natural allies
