2572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered. #
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read tile third
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to hear that joint
resolution read again. I wish to know if this
provides for another Assistant Secretary of
the Navy in addition to the one who is to travel.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I hope the joint
resolution will not be passed.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to the
joint resolution being referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to lay
the joint resolution upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope it will go to the
Committee on Naval Affairs by common con-
sent.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Well, I with-
draw my motion.
The joint resolution was then referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PIKE. I ask that the Committee on
Naval Affairs have leave to report at any time.
Mr. SPALDING. I object; and I move to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was referred, and also move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tiie memphis mot.
Mr. STEVENS introduced the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That a committee of three members be
appointed by the Speaker, whose duty it shall be to
procced, without unnecessary delay, to Memphis, in
the State of Tennessee, to make an investigation into
oil matters connected with the recent bloody riots in
that city, which began on the 1st instant, and par-
ticularly. to inquire into the origin, progress, and
termination of the riotous proceedings, the names of
the parties engaged in it, the acts of atrocity perpe-
trated, the number of killed and wounded, the
amount and character of the property destroyed, and
report ail the facts to the House; and the Sergeant-
at-Anns or his deputy, and the stenographer of the
House, are directed to accompany said committee;
and that all the expenses of this investigation be
paid out oj the contingent fund of the House. The
said committee shall have power to send for persons
and papers, and examine witnesses under oath.
Mr. CHANLER. It seems to me that this
is a matter which belongs to the executive
department of the Government. At the same
time, I do not wish to object to action being
taken by the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] offers the resolution;
it is now before the House, and he calls the
previous question upon it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire to
move an amendment to the resolution, so that
it shall extend to transactions at Chattanooga,
where a few citizens were murdered.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the proposed amend-
ment be read.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Harding,
of Illinois, was read, as follows:
"Whereas it is publicly reported and believed that
lately at Chattanooga and Memphis many inoffensive
citizens of the United States were murdered, and that
the portions of the Army of the United States at
those points are seriously compromised in respect to
good conduct in both eases; Therefore,
Jmsohcd, That the Committee on Military Affairs
bo requested to inquire into and report to this House
what was the conduct of the United States officers
and troops m reterence to the cases mentioned, and
to iniorm this House whether the country may rely
upon the Army to aid in the protection oi the rights
oi the people, and what legislation is necessary, if
any: and that the committee havo power to send for
persons and papers.
The SPEA KER. The amendment is scarcely
germane to the pending resolution.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER.. Inasmuch as I know that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, with his
usual skill, will carry this measure in spite of
all opposition, I aslc him to enlarge the powers
of the committee, so that the inquiry shall ex-
tend to an examination of circumstances of a
similar character whereby the lives of Amer-
ican citizens, including American troops, have
been put in jeopardy by the Indians.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be very glad to
accommodate the gentleman fromNew York,
[Mr. Chanler.] But his proposition covers
so much ground that I am afraid one commit-
tee will not be able to conclude the investiga-
tion. I will very cheerfully vote for any reso-
lution to send the member who chooses to move
it on such an investigation. At present, I must
call the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
for one moment. I know he is a universal phi-
lanthropist, and has heretofore extended his
philanthropy over all' the colored race. Why
not extend it over all those who have suffered
any violence or wrong? Why not include the
recent murder in Pennsylvania  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order; the previous question has
been called.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 call the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 22, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, .Banks,
Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwcll, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Dar-
ling, Davis, Dawes, Defrces, Delano, Deming, Don-
nelly, Dumont,Eckley, Eggleston,Farnsworth, Ferry,
Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hart.JIayes, Henderson,
Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Dcmas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Hulburd. Jencltes, Julian, Kasson, Kuykendall,
Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, William H.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau,
Sawyer, Schenck, Stevens, Van Acrnam, Burt Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Ilenry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wclker, Wil-
liams, James P. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—87.
KAYS — Messrs. Bergen, Chanler, Dawson, Deni-
son, Eldridge, Finek, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Hard-
ing, Kerr, Latham,LeBlond.Niblack,Bitter, Rogers,
Koss, Shanklin, Sitgroaves, Spalding, Strouse, Taber,
and Trimble—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, Barker,
Beaman, Boyer, Brandegee, Buckland, Bundy, Cof-
frotb. Culver, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eliot, Farciuliar,
Glossbrenncr, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hill,
Ilogan, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, James Humphrey..James M. Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham,
George V. Lawrence, Marshall, Mar:jton, Marvin,
MeClurg, McCullough, Melndoe, McRuer, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, John H. Rice, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Wentworth, Whaley,
Stephen F.Wilson, Winfleld, and Wright—74.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say at this time
that I hope I will be excused from serving on
the select committee just ordered, as the dis-
tance is rather further than I can conveniently
travel.
approval 01? tub president.
Mr. CHANLER submitted the following
resolutions, upon which he called the previous
question ;
Besolved, That the independent, patriotic, and con-
stitutional course of the President of the United
States, in seeking to protect by tbo veto power the
rights of the people of this Union against the wicked
and revolutionary acts of a few malignant and mis-
chievous men meets with the approval of this House
and deserves the cordial support of all loyal citizens
of the United States.
llcuolved, That this House believes the Freedmen's
bureau unnecessary and unconstitutional, and horeby
directs the chairman ofthe committee havingchargc
of that bureau to bring in a bill to repeal all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a queitica of
order. My point of order is that there is an
insolent attack upon Congress contained in
the first resolution moved by the member
from Now York, [Mr. Ciianm®,] for which he
deserves to be dealt with by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot rule
these resolutions out of order upon the ground
stated by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sohenck.] It is a question for the House to
determine whether the resolutions are unworthy
the members of this House.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to me 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] will suspend until the Chair
shall have concluded his statement.
The argument of the gentleman from Ohio
goes to the votes of members as to whether
they will agree or disagree to the resolution.
It does not touch the question of parliamentary
law.
Mr. SCHEN CK. Isitinorderto move that
the resolutions be rejected?
The SPEAKER. The question of agreeing
or disagreeing to the resolution will determine
that. If the resolution is not agreed to it is
rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the question of
reception.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
forty-first rule, under which the question of
reception is raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
The Clerk read as follows:
"When any motion or proposition is made, the
question, 'Will the IIouso now consider it?' shallnot
be put unless it is demanded by some member or
deemed necessary by the Speaker."
Mr. ROGERS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is not yet before the
House.
The question was upon considering the
resolution at this time.
Mr. CHANLER. Upon that question I eall
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 19, nays 84, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bergen, Chanler, Denison, El-
dridge, Firick, Goodj'car, Grider, Aaron Harding,
Kerr, Le Blond, Niblack, Rittcr, Rogers. Ko=s, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves. Strouse, Taber, and Trimhlo—1'j.
KAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin. Banks,
Baxter, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling,
Daw es. Dawson, Defrees, Doming, Donnelly, Dumont,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester i). Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Jenckes. Julian,Kasson,Laiiin, George V.Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch. McKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Orth. Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Piko, Plants, Alexander 11. Itiee,
Rollins, Sawyer. Schenck, Spalding, Sloven-'. Van
Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, AVard, Warner, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D.Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker. Williams, James F. Wilson, Windom,
and Wooflbridsre—84.
NOT VOTIN G—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, Barker,
Beaman, Bidwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Buckland, (Jof-
froth. Culver, Davis, Dohi.no. Dixon, Dodge, Drisrgi,
Eckley, Eliot, Farcjuhar, Glossbrenner, (Jnnuell,
Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hill, Hogan, Hotchkiss. Dc-
mas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll. Johnson, Jones,
Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Latham,
Marshall, Marston, Marvin, MeClurg, McCullouifli,
Melndoe,Mettunr, M.orris,Moulton,Myers, Newell,
Nicholson. Noell, O'Neill, Phelps, Pomcrov, Price
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Raymond, John H.It'ue, Rouleau, Soofiehl, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell.Tnvlor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas. Thornton. Trow-
SS!"g,c' Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Wentworlh.
Whaley, Stephen F.Wilson,Winfleld,and Wright—80.
So the House refused to consider the reso-
lution.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, a question
of privilege, I believe, would not be in order
at this time.
Dip SPEAKER. Not until the expiration
of the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice, then, that
so soon as I can have the opportunity I shall
