1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS..
of the brokers, and both are interested ijj fight-
ing this bill and every similar measure.
Gentlemen express their apprehensions that
hard times will come if we adopt this bill.
Why, sir, the question is simply whether we
shall cheat the soldiers and others of the hum-
ble, hai'd-working classes of this country out of
twenty-five per cent., when we can borrow at
six per cent, the money necessary to pay them.
On this question arises the difference between
my friend from Massachusetts and my friend
from Vermont; the difference between paper-
money men and hard-money men; the differ-
ence between the disciples of Andrew Jack-
son and those of Alexander Hamilton. Let
us meet this issue squarely, and if those who
support the policy of the Secretary of the
Treasury be beaten in this House, we will
refer the question to the polls, and will fight
it out there.
Mr. FARQUIIAR. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I renew the amend-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, I am not at all surprised that
there should be a great deal of excitement on
this question, for it is a very important one,
and the House appears to be somewhat closely
divided upon it. 1 regret to say—I believe I
can refer to the fact without, impropriety, as
it is already well understood by the House—•
that the Committee of Ways and Means were
divided upon this question. I do not wonder
that such should be the fact.
1 must say, however, that I differ entirely
from the remarks of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wentworth] upon the subject of
the resumption of specie payments. 1 think,
sir, that all the members of this House are in
favor of resumption. I know that I am in
favor of as early a resumption of specie pay-
ments as can be attained without doing violence
to the business of the country. The difference
is with regard to the mode of reaching resump-
tion. I do not believe that it is to be reached
by making a stringent currency. I do not be-
lieve that the resumption of specie payments
can wisely be attained by creating a scarcity
of money throughout the country and 1 hereby
causing general distress. Therefore, when this
bill in another form was before the House a
few days ago F voted against it.
Mi. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question: under the provisions of
the bill as now reported by the committee, how
many years would it be before the currency
would be reduced in the manner in which the
gentleman desires to have it reduced?
Mr. JIOORHEAD. I have but five minutes,
and 1 cannot permit myself to be drawn aside
from the line of my remarks to answer ques-
tions.
I was saying that when this bill in a differ-
ent form was before the House the other day,
I voted against it. I am opposed to reducing
the currency to any considerable extent at the
present time. But I believe it to be impor-
tant, and I may say necessary, that we should
agree upon a bill, by the passage of which we
shall manifest our confidence in the Secretary
of the Treasury, and, so far as may be done,
without violating our own convictions of policy
and duty, stand by him and support him.
With the view of reconciling so far as possi-
ble the differences of opinion on this subject,
the Committee of Ways and Means have pre-
sented the amendment now before us: and I
trust that gentlemen on both *ides of the House
can-give it their support. I hope that the bill
will be passed. Its effect will be to reduce the
currenev in a very moderate measure, and not
by any means at a rapid rate. It wTill not, as
I believe, affect injuriously the interests of the
country.
My reason for voting as I did the other day
to prevent the reduction of the currency was
that I believed, with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. GfiiswoLn.] that we were begin-
ning at the wrong end. As 1 have already re-
marked, 1 did not believe that we can safely
advance toward a resumption of specie pay-
ments by making the currency of the. country
stringent. J believe that to insure the pros-
perity of the country, the money of the country
should be abundant. I believe that if we would
adopt some measure to restrain the excessive
imports with which our Country is being flooded,
entailing upon us an intolerable burden of debt,
which, unless some remedy be found, must soon
involve us in distress and ruin, we should soon
have money enough here to float all our present
currency, and even more.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. In order to terminate de-
bate on the pending amendments, I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Kot.lins reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the bill
(IT. R. No. 207) entitled " An act to amend an
aet entitled 'An act to provide ways and means
to support the Government,' approved March
3, 1865," had come to no resolution thereon.
EVENING SESSION DISPENSED WITH.
Mr. WA^IIBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the session of this evening be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
OKDJSK Of BUSINESS TO-MORIIOW.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. I move that,
by unanimous consent, the session of to-mor-
row be devoted exclusively to debate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the President's mes-
sage.
'There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
LOAN" BILL—-AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on House
bill No. 207, all debate upon the bill and pend-
ing amendments terminate in one minute. I
desire, however, to give the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoopek] an opportunity to
offer his amendment.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move to amend the
motion so as to provide that debate upon the
bill and all amendments thereto shall terminate
in ten minutes.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes CO,
noes 50.
The motion of Mr. Morrill, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, (at four o'clock and five
minutes p. m.) I move that the House ad-
jom\n.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
—ayes 00, noes 05.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House again
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Rolling in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 207) entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
provide ways and means to support the Gov-
ernment,' approved March 3, 1805."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise. Mr.
Chairman, for the purpose of offering, if in
order, a substitute for the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
first to xecord mvprotent against the idea which
has been urged iu the House, that any person
who votes against withdrawing "greenbacks"
from circulation, before the interest-bearing
notes are withdrawn, is an opponent to the re-
sumption of specie payment. I claim to be as
strongly in favor of the resumption of specie
payment at the earliest possible time as any
man in this House.
I will state, sir, in regard to the substitute
which I propose to offer, that it differs from the
bill of the committer mainly in two points. By
the act to which this bill is an amendment the
Secretary of the Treasury cannot issue bonds
at less than par. The- bill of the committee
places no limit to the rate at which he itay
issue bonds. I propose that the original limit
shall be retained, so that the Secretary cannot
issue bonds at less than par. I think it is due
to the holders of the bonds who have taken
them at par that they should have this sfeearity.
The Secretary expresses fears that if tfie
limitation of par is inserted in the bill, com-
binations may be made to reduce the price
below par and thus prevent their being ne-
gotiated. The danger seems to be that if the
power is given to sell below par snch combi4
nations may be made to compel him to sell at
constantly decreasing rates, and the present
holders may become sellers with the view of
replacing their bonds afterward at still lower
rates and thus produce, a panic in regard to the
value of the Government securities.
I have as much confidence in the present
Secretary of the Treasury as any one, but it
does not seem to me desirable to withdraw the
security of a limitation of the rate at which the
bonds may be sold, and to give the power to
issue bonds at any rate he chooses. We can-
not tell who may be his successor; and, even
if we were willing to give the present Secretary
the power, we may not be willing to give it to
his successor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has there been any
such limitation in former bills?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In the
early bills there was a limitation of the market
price, but in which it is proposed to amend, as
it now stands, the limitation at par exists.
The second difference is in regard to the
withdrawal of the United States notes, or legal-
tender currency not bearing interest. This
bill provides that the Secretary shall only with-
draw interest-bearing obligations. The Sec-
retary has power now under existing laws to
withdraw non-intercst-bearing obligations also
to issue Treasury notes or interest-bearing legal
tenders in place of them. It was thought un-
wise to exchange bonds bearing interest for
United States notes which cost nothing for in-
terest, and therefore this substitute limits him,
so far as he acts under this law, without im-
pairing the power he lias under another existing
law. If he sees fit to withdraw non-interest-
bearing notes ho has that power now. Those
are the only two essential points of difference
between the proposition of the committee and
the substitute which I offer.
I have added one other provision, to" limit
the rate of interest on the temporary loans to
live per cent.; the limit now being six per cent.
I think the temporary loans would not be re-
duced by thus limiting the rate of interest; that
they would be continued at five as well as at
six. Even if it did lessen the amount of the
loan, no harm could be done, as the greater the
amount, the more uncertain it becomes, and
therefore less advantageous.
I prepared this substitute after hearing the
discussion in the House, believing it conformed
to the sentiment of the House oil the two points
to which I have referred, namely, that bonds
should not be issued atless than par. and should
not be issued in place of the United States notes,
which constitute a loan to the Government
without interest.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
That the act entitled "An aet to provide ways and
means to support the Government," approvcdMaren
3, 186'"), bhail U extended and construed to empower
the Secretary of tbe Treasury to sell any description
of bondri authorized by said act,afcsuch iatcs not less
than par as ho may think advisable, torlawiul money
1 of the United State?, or torcceive in payment any
; Treasury notes, compound-interest notes,.certificates
i of indebtedness, or of deposit, with the interest ac-
i cmcd thereon, which have been or which may bo
1 issued under any act-of Congress; it shall be tuo
I duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to retire and
i cancel an amount of Treasury notes, certificates, or
4 other obligations boariag interest, equal in amount
i to tbe bonds disposed of; and the public debt shall
not hereafter be increased by authority of this or ot
; any previous acts of Congress: and frum and ait jr
I the 1st day of July next the interest on certificate
! of deposit for temporary loans ,shall not exceed f.ie
i annual rate of five per cent.
f Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
j say that in the early part of tbe session 
