1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3533
for American commerce had not secured the'
honorable Senator's attention. 1 am very sorry
that is the case, and to hear him tell us that it
as so.
It is too often the case that those of us who
live near the sea and go down to it in big ships
are left without the protecting care and aid of
gentlemen situated like the honorable Senator.
But the honorable Senator has much contact
with the sea in the high position that he occu-
pies in this body as chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and that brings him in con-
tact with the commanders of our ships; and
with one voice, he tells us, they are opposed to
thisjrelease. I do not wish to question what
the honorable Senator has said ; but I do not
think that many of them have spoken. A very
eminent member of that profession has spoken ;
I mean Rear Admiral Davis, who occupies a
very high position indeed in that connection ;
and he tells us the very contrary of what the
honorable Senator has told us that he has
obtained from commanders of naval vessels.
Here is what he says on the subject of routes
and on the subject of stopping at the Sandwich
Islands, the question being referred to him.
He says the idea of stopping on the return
voyage is out of the question, meaning the
return voyage from China and Japan to San
Francisco ; that what is called the great circle
route must be taken; and I have here a map
that will explain it fully, if gentlemen see fit to
examine it; that the northern or great circle
• route must be taken; that on the outward trip
from San Francisco what is known as the
rhumb line must be taken; and that to go to
the Sandwich Islands is to diverge largely from
the best and shortest route. The Postmaster
General, in his communication to the commit-
tee, says:
"As to the second proposition, that relating to the
outward voyages, I again quote from the communi-
cation of Admiral -Davis, as follows:
i'ii c question whether the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company's vessels can, with a proper regard to their
business and to the economy of time anil means,
make the .Sandwich Islands an intermediate stop-
pins place, is really definitely settled by what has
already been said.'"
Mr. GRIMES. What is the Senator read-
ing from?
Mr. CONNESS. I am reading from the
letter of the Postmaster General accompanying
the report by the committee to this body.
Mr. GRIMES. What page?
Mr. CONNESS. Page <3:
"'It appears, however, from the very careful in-
vestigation of all the facts that enter into tlie ques-
tion, tliat it is not desirable thatthe company's ships
should touch at the Sandwich Islands, even on the
western voyage.'"
On the voyage out. Why?
"' The return on the great cireleroute is obviously
out of the question. It is nceessary, therefore, to
pursue what mariners call the "rhumb line," which
is the course by compass taken from day to day as
often as the ship's position is determined, whether
astronomically or by computation.
Now. it is apparent on looking on the chart that
a vessel bound to Ycddo or Shanghai deviates six-
teen and a iialfdcgrecs fiom therliumblincby going
to Honolulu."'
Here is a very wide divergence between the
say-so of a naval officer who has had little ex-
perience in the Pacific ocean 
Mr. GRIMES. The naval officer whose
name I gave to the Senator was Captain Rey-
nolds, in command now of the Lackawanna, who
was stationed, I think, either five or six years at
the town of Honolulu in the Sandwich islands.
It was his statement that a vessel going from
San Francisco to Japan always or almost inva-
riably went within sight of the harbor of Hono-
lulu.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will look
at this map, I think ho will conclude that there
is some mistake about this matter.
Mr. GRIMES. I know a great deal about
how maps are madefand I know a great deal of
how letters are obtained where there is a great
interest like that of the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
east no aspersions upon either Admiral Davis
or upon my humble self in my advocacy of
this measure.
Mr. GRIMES. Was this letter of Admiral
Davis to the Senator?
Mr. CONNESS. His letter was addressed
to the Postmaster General. The Senator said
when he was up before that he know facts were
easily obtained for companies or something of
that thing. I think it is as well to pass that
mode of discussion by.
Now, Mr. President, I proceed:
" I11'5 Physical geogiapliy of this part of the ocean
ought to presentsome counter-advantages to balance
this manifest disadvantage, and to a certain extent
it does, Alter passing the parallel of thirty degrees,
the ship enters into the region of tho northeast trade-
winds and derives the same benefit from them in
going to tile westward as she does from the prevail-
ing westerly winds on her eastern voyage. And if
.she will descend some six degrees further in latitude
—that is, in all twenty-two and a half degrees, or
thirteen hundred and fifty miles below the line of
her direct course—she will fall into the northern
branch oi the great equatorial current of the Pacific
ocean and profit by its aid.'"
That is, if she goes still further south. I am
quite aware and willing to concede that the
honorable Senator has stated according to his
information, but lie will remember that Cap-
tain Reynolds in sailing his ship sails it by the
charts that go out from the' oflicc of Admiral
Davis, from the data furnished from that office,
and the charts'furnished by him ; and there-
fore I take it that this must be considered as
the great source of authority.
Mr. President, I am as much the friend of
the maintenance of American interests in the
Sandwich Islands as the Senator can be. He
will, perhaps, concede that without question
the people I represent here are directly inter-
ested. They have spoken with a unanimous
voice for this release; and yet they aie con-
nected directly with trade, day by day, via the
Sandwich Islands.
Mr. GRIMES. Permitmc to ask aquestion.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. GltlMES. If they spoke with a unan-
imous voice in favor of this release, I ask if
they did not couple with it a condition that
Congress should grant a subsidy to another line
between San Francisco and Honolulu, and if
that was not the purport of tho petition of the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco.
Mr,. CONNESS. The Senator will do me the
credit to concede that 1 stated that m my open-
ing remarks.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not hear it.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 thought the Senator had
not' lieard me. The Senator will find that I
have been entirely candid in this matter, be-
cause I then submitted that even if it should
cost us §50,000 or $00,000 per annum—it will
not exceed that sum to encourage a line of
small ships hereafter to the Sandwich Islands—
we should not at the beginning change the form
and the size of these great vessels that are to
enter into a competition with the commercial
nations of the world for supremacy in these
new regions, i ask the Senator himself whether
that is a consideration that should govern him
in the case. I am pretty sure that the Sen-
ator would not refuse such a subsidy if it were
deemed important to ask for it or of special
consequence to ask for it. But not the Cham-
ber of Commerce alone, but the commercial
press of San Francisco, directly connected, di-
rectly interested, have all spoken in favor of
this release.
Mr. President, is it not a matter of conse-
quence that the raw silks, baled silks of Japan,
shall be laid down in the city of New York, or
such of tlieni as are necessary there, in less
time than they can be laid down in London by
the Isthmus of Suez? Is it not of consequence
that to-day we are absolutely importing tea
via London, from the London market , andpay-
ing London merchants their profits upon that
article, to be taxed again to our people? Is
it possible that my friend, who takes charge
of and represents on this floor the great naval
interests of this country, does not extend his
view far enough to wish to see this line a grand
national success?
Mr. President, let not the Senator or any
other Senator believe that I speak in behalf
of the company's interests. The Senate will
bear me witness that, contrary to the wishes
of these companies, since I have been on th 
floor I have favored the passage of the most
restrictive legislation in connection with tlieir
business, and by that means not always secured
their approbation, but the contrary. But. this
is a matter we are interested in, and these
companies concern us no more than to the
extent thatthev are able and willing to engage
in the great project upon a scale of munificence
corresponding vvith its value to us as a nation.
In that connection the company is of consider-
able consequence. No company bnt a great
company could ever have entered upon this
service ; and had a company of inconsiderable
means entered upon it, it would become a fail-
ure upon their hands; and there would then
be an end of thequestion of subsidizing Amer-
ican lines thereafter. Our experience in sub-
sidizing American lines has not, I concede,
been encouraging; but it was our pride to make
this a success, to make it a success that would
challenge the admiration of the whole country.
In the Pacific ocean particularly our Govern-
ment lias been most remiss. Let me call the
attention of the honorable chairman of tlie
Finance Committee to a statement I made here
not long ago, sjrictly true and demonstrated
to be true by statistical information, that not-
withstanding the gfcat amount of commerce
that the American States now pass and repass
over the Panama railroad, all we do over that
railroad is but one tenth of the whole business
that railroad does. Nino tenths of it is in
European hands—nine tenths of the com-
merce of the Pacific ocean—simply because we
have slept while England and i'raneo have
occupied those great channels of trade. Sir,
there never was a time so fitting to lift up a
burden from a company that are engaging in
this enterprise, not as niggards, not as stingy
men measuring their expenditures, but lav-
ishly and largely ujion the most magnificent
scale.
Mr. President, the Senator tells us that this
line can stop at the Sandwich Islands, and that
they can receive the freights and discharge the
freights that they may have there by lighters.
Will you keep your great ships of tliree or four
thousand tons burden there wasting and con-
suming their time with this mode of connect-
ing with the land ? I hope not.
M r. G RIA1ES. ] inquire how they are goi ng
to load at the other end. They must go to
Hong Kong.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no question ahoul
the dept h of water there.
Mr. GRIMES. Can they load there without
the aid of lighters?
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator smiles. This
company have latterly sent an agent to Hong
Kong to arrange their entire business there,
with authority to make expenditures, to con-
struct wharves, and to do anything that may
be necessary to facilitate this line. But they
have another plan and project that ought, to be
interesting to the Senator to know, and I will
state what it is. It is well that it should bo
known. Hong Ivong and the city of Shang-
hai, in China, are eight hundred miles apart. •
Shanghai, as will be seen by the map before
me, is eight hundred miles nearer, giving us
that advantage if we are able to make our com-
mercial connection with that, city, Hong Ivong
being eight hundred miles further .off and con-
sequently nearer to Europe. The intention of
this company is to fix their headquarters at
Shanghai, which has already become an Amer-
ican city, I may say. to some extent, and to
bring the trade of China to their groat ships
there, and thus gain eight hundred miles at
one leap in this great race. I am very happy
to be able to say that everything that could
possibly be wished for by the American com-
mercial mind is contemplated and intended to
be carried forth by this company ; and to re-
quire them to continue here for fear we should
be called upon, as suggested by the San Fran-
cisco Chamber of Commerce, for fifty or sixty
thousand dollars annually hereafter to main-
tain a direct communication with the Sand-
