1666.]
APBENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
133
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Rights of Citizens—Mr. Rogers.
Ho. op Reps.
trust in Ms patriotism. If ever the time shall
com& when I can no longer confide in his de-
votip.n to the principles upon which he was
elected, I will bid farewell to Andrew John-
son'with. unaffected sorrow. I will remember
when he stood in this very spot, five years ago,
repelling with unexampled courage the assaults
of traitors. He left in their hands wife, chil-
dren, property, and home, and staked them all.
on the result. I will remember that when a
retreating general would have left Nashville to
its fate, that again, with heroic courage, he
maintained his post. I will remember the
fierce conflicts and trials through which he and
his fellow-compatriots in East Tennessee main-
tained our cause in the heart of the confed-
eracy. I will remember the struggles he had
with the aristocratic element of Tennessee,
-never ashamed of his origin and never far from
the hearts of the people. Sir, you must not
sever the great Union party from this loyal ele-
ment of the southern States. No new theories
of possible Utopian good can compensate for
the loss of such patriotism and devotion. Time,
as he tells you in his message, is a great ele-
ment of reform, and time is on your side. I
remember the homely and encouraging words of
a pioneer in the anti-slavery cause, an expelled
Methodist preacher from the South, who told
those who were behind him in his strong anti-
slavery opinions, " Well, friends, I'll block up
awhile; we must all travel together." So I say
to all who doubt Andrew Johnson, or who wish
to move more rapidly than he can, to block up
awhile, to consolidate their great victory with
the certainty that reason and the Almighty will
continue their work. All wisdom will not die
with us. The highest human wisdom is to do
all the good you can, but not to sacrifice a pos-
sible good to attempt the impracticable. God
knows that I do not urge harmony and concili-
ation from any personal motive. The people
of my native State have intrusted me with a
position here extending four years beyond the
termination of the President's term of office.
He can grant me no favor.
If I believed for a moment that he would seek
an alliance with those who by either arms or
counsel or even apathy were against their coun-
try in the recent war, and will turn over to them
the high pdwers intrusted to him by the Union
part}', then, sir, he is dishonored, and will re-
ceive no assistance from me ; but I will not
force him into that attitude. If he shall prove
false to the declaration made by him in his veto
message, that his strongest desire was to secure
to the freedmen the full enjoyment of their
freedom and property, then I will not quarrel
with him as to the means used. And while, as
he tells us in this same message* he only asks
for States to be represented who are presented
in an attitude of loyalty and harmony and in
the persons of representatives whose loyalty
cannot be questioned under any constitutional
or legal test, surely we ought not to separate
from him until, at least, we prescribe a test of
their loyalty upon which we are willing to stand.
We have not done it yet. I will not try him
by new creeds. I will not denounce him for
hasty words uttered in repelling personal af-
fronts. I see him yet surrounded by the Cab-
inet of Abraham Lincoln, pursuing his policy.
No word from me shall drive him into political
fellowship with those who, when he was one of
the moral heroes of this war, denounced him,
spit upon him, and despitefully used him. The
association must be self-Sought, and even then
I will part with him in sorrow, but with the
abiding hope that the same Almighty power
that has guided us through the recent war will
be with us still in our new difficulties until every
State is restored to its full communion and fel-
lowship, and until our nation, purified by war,
will assume among the nations of the earth the
grand position hoped for by Washington, Clay,
Webster, Lincoln, and hundreds of thousands
of unnamed heroes who gave up their lives for
its glory.
Rights of Citizens.
SPEECH OF HONT A. J. ROGER'S,
op new jersey,
In the' House of Representatives,
February 26, 1866.
The House having under consideration the joint
resolution (H. K. No. 63) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States—
Mr. ROGERS said:
Mr. Speaxeb : I had hoped, after what has
transpired 'in the last few days, that the time
had come when the Constitution of the United
States would be secure from invasion by Con-
gress. When I heard the words of the Presi-
dent of the United States in commendation of
that sacred instrument, and as I rejoiced at the
course pursued by conservative men on.the
other side of the House who are determined to
sustain that instrument as it was given to us
by our fathers, I had good reason to believe
there would be no other amendments to it pro-
posed by this body or the Senate. I felt that
the agitation which had been kept up in this
House against that instrument in orderto amend
it, as the President says, so that no more re-
spect would be paid to it than to a mere res-
olution of a town meeting, had gone by, and
that we would now dedicate the balance of our
time in Congress to the great doctrine of con-
stitutional liberty that we might give power to
a free and patriotic Presideht in his great work
of reconstruction, and proclaim to the civilized
world that every star representing every State
was a component part of the old flag, and that
every Representative from every State had taken
the vacant seats in Congress which had been
intended by the Constitution should be filled
by them. I do think, notwithstanding the posi-
tion which has been assumed by the eloquent
and learned gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] who reported this resolution, that no res-
olution proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States had been offered
to this Congress more dangerous to the liber-
ties of the people and the foundations of this
Government than the pending resolution. When
sifted from top to bottom it will "be found to
be the embodiment of centralization and the
disfrancisliement of the States of those sacred
and immutable State rights which were reserved
to them by the consent of our fathers in our
organic law.
When the gentleman says the proposed
amendment is intended to authorize no rights
except those already embodied in the Consti-
tution, I give him the plain and emphatic an-
swer—if the Constitution provides the require-
ments contained in this amendment, why, in
this time of excitement and public clamor,
should we attempt to again ingraft upon it
what is already in it?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman totally
misconstrues what I have said.
Mr. ROGERS. Wait until I have finished
the point I have commenced. I say that the
gentleman takes the position that there is noth-
ing in this proposed amendment with regard
to privileges and immunities of citizens of the
several Stales attempted to be ingrafted in the
instrument, except those which already exist
in it. If tlice rights already exist in the or-
ganic law of the laud, I ask him, what is the
necessity of so amending the Constitution as to
authorize Congress to carry into effect a plain
provision which now, according to his views,
inheres in the very organic law itself?
I know what the gentleman will attempt to
say in answer to that position: that because the
Constitution authorizes Congress to carry the
powers conferred by it into effect, privileges
and immunities are not considered within the
meaning of powers, and therefore Congress has
no right to carry into effect what the Constitu-
tion itself intended when it provided that cit-
izens of each State should have all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States.
Now, sir, the answer to that argument is
simply this: that when the Constitution was
framed and ratified, its makers did not intend
to lodge in the Congress of the United States
any power to override a State and settle by con-
gressional legislation the rights, privileges, and
immunities of citizens in the several States.
That matter was left entirely for the courts, to
enforce the privileges and immunities of the
citizens under that clause of the organic law.
Although our forefathers, in their wisdom, after
having exacted and wrested from Great Britain
State rights, saw fit to incorporate in the Con-
stitution such a principle in regard to citizens
of the several States, yet they never intended
to give to Congress the power, by virtue of that
clause, to control the local domain of a State
or the privileges and immunities of citizens in
the State, even though they had come from
another State.
Mr. KELLEY. I understand the gentleman
to suggest that one reason why the Constitution
should not be amended is, that the President
fears that so many propositions of amendment
will make the instrument as common as a town-
meeting resolution. I desire to ask him whether
the President is not the same Andrew John-
son who, when a Representative in Congress,
submitted no less than nine amendments to
that sacred instrument in one session?
Mr. ROGERS. That may all be so. I am
not here as the advocate of Andrew Johnson,
because he is Andrew Johnson, but simply as
the advocate of the great doctrine of constitu-
tional liberty which he lays down. I am not
here to support the conduct of Andrew Johnson
in all the past years of his life, but to support
him as President in his endeavors to so control
the legislation of this country as to confer con-
stitutional liberty upon the people, and carry
out the letter, spirit, and intent of the organic
law. I stand by himbecSuse of his reiterating
those immortal and undying principles which
were ingrafted in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and I stand by him no longer than
he stands by his oath to support and defend
the organic law. I am wedded to no man, but
am devoted to my country and its liberties.
But this proposed amendment goes much
further than the Constitution goes in the lan- -
guage which it uses with regard to the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several
States. It proposes so to amend it that all
persons in the several States shall by act of
Congress have equal protection in regard to life,
liberty, and property. If the bill to protect all
persons in the United States in their civil rights
and furnish the means of their vindication,
which has just passed the Senate by almost the
entire vote of the Republican party be constitu-
tional, what, I ask, is the use of this proposed
amendment? What is the use of authorizing
Congress to do more than Congress has already
done, so far as one branch is concerned, in
passing a bill to guaranty civil rights and im-
munities to the people of the United States
without distinction of race or color? If it is
necessary now to amend the Constitution of
the United States in the maimer in which the
learned gentleman who reported this amend-
ment proclaims, then the vote of the Senate
of the United States in passing that bill guar-
antying civil rights to all without regard to
race or color was an attempt to project legis-
lation that was manifestly unconstitutional, and
which this proposed amendment is to make
legal.
Now, sir, on the 5th of January, 1866, Mr.
Trumbull introduced a bill into the Senate of
the United States, in this language:
That there shall be no discrimination in civil rights
or immunities among the inhabitants of any State
orTerritory of the United States on account of race,
color, or previous condition of slavery: but the in-
habitants of every race and eolor, without rea-ard
to any previous condition of slavery or involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall have
the same right to make and enforce contracts, to sue,
be parties, and give evidence, to inherit, purchase.
