1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M9
were ever dug from the mountains and all the
pearls the ocean ever concealed. And yet you
propose l,o take this rich and priceless inher-
itance, which descended from our fathers, and
bestow it upon another and a foreign race !
Such being my view of the powers delegated
to the Federal Government and the rights re-
served to the States, I cannot vote for any
amendment of the Constitution, excepting ouch
as relate to the delegated powers or the methods
of doing business, giving it a more complete
effect upon its own principles. The proposi-
tions before us are not amendments, but new
and additional powers, and if adopted, would
be usurpations and invasions upon the reserved
rights of th e States or the people. I cannot vote
for any amendment which will confer any new or
additional power'to those already'delegated in*
the Constitution. I am fully satisfied that suffi-
cient power was delegated in that instrument, to
.say nothing of the enlai ged powers by construc-
tion, and the still greater by congressional, exec-
utive, andmilitaryusurpations. But, as i( is, this
war never could have taken place if the rights of
each State had been respected by Congress and
the people of evovv other State. We have heard
very much of "the first gun"' in this rebellion.
That first gun was not fired by the rebels at Fort
Sumter, nor by okl J ohn Brown in Virginia, but
it was fired by the America.!! Congress when
that body passed the Missouri compromise and
usurped the right to legislate upon the subject
of slavery, a mere domestic institution, resting
with the people of each State, as other domes-
tic institutions now do; and that usurpation hav-
ing been acquiesced in by the people Xorth and
South, led to the belief that at least one of the
reserved rights, one of the domestic institu-
tions, was liable to be influenced and controlled
by Federal majorities. And the people of New
England have been firing guns ever since : and
after forty years of insult and outrage they had a
return shot, ending in war; and after four years
of most bloody conllict, not instituted but per-
verted for that purpose, slave) y has been abol-
ished. And I say, peace to its ashes! 1 would
not disturb the slumbers of the dead if I had
the power, and T hope that every State which
ever was in this Union will ratify the amend-
ment of the Constitution, that there be no more
slavery in this land, and wo shall then have at
least one question settled forever.
If this war had been carried on for the purpose
of compelling the States X" orth and West to adopt,
slavery against the will of the people of such
States, then you could appreciate the view which
I now take, and you would point to the provision
of the Constitution to which I have called your
attention, and claimed that the organic law pro-
tected your domestic institutions and justified
you in changing or aboiishingthem. asthepeo
pie of each State might choose, and all men
would have said that you were right.
A leading and highly respectable journal in
the city of Philadelphia declares that by casl ing
the vote to which I have alluded I have ren-
dered m) self infamous, and that 1 do not rep-
resent the true sentiment of my district. When
I think I do not represent the views of my con-
stituents I will resign and go home: but all the
men in my district or 1113' State eoidd not get
me to vote for any of these usurpations of power,
even though I hey are called amendments. I must
be permitted to keep ray oat-h and support the
Constitution as I understand it.
And it is to be expected that I should be mis-
understood. misrepresented, and abused : such
has been the sure fate of men with firmness
enough to stand in the face of popular preju-
dice and uphold what they believe to he right.
St. Paul dared to be a Christian, and for this he
was twice beaten with rods, once stoned, and
made to fight with wild beasts at Ephesus.
And before and ever since the ignorant and (he
prejudiced have been ready to sing peans and
songs of praise to the party in power, however
corrupt and wicked, and shout "Great is Diana of
the E[)hesians,': " Rcleaseunto us, Barabbas !"
ami they can nowadd. "forheisoneofus.'- Bat
so long as 1 am in this House you shall have
one vote for the old Constitution, and with God s
help, one vote againstall of your efforts to usurp
new powers for the Federal Government; and
that embraces all ofyourproposedamendmcnts.
I have no desire to change the Constitution which
the fathers gave us, llieBible which they read,
nor the God which lhey worshiped. But I do
not expect this House to listen to me or heed
what i say. "If they hear not Moses and ihe
prophets, neither will they be persuaded though
one rose from the dead/' If you believe not
the Constitution and the laws, neither would
you be persuaded if God should send Wash-
ington and Jefferson and Jackson and Web-
ster and Clay and all the dead patriots and he-
roes of our land to testify against you. You would
call them old slaveholders or copperheads, and
bid them go where they had business.
Your purposes arc clearly indicated in your
proposed amendments. The followers of the
veiled prophet are about to see his features; the
veil is being removed. But where is the cal-
dron of heated oil? The people must prepare
it. You are about to destroy the Constitution
ofonrfathers. The "league with death and cov-
enant with hell'' must be removed and the Chi-
cago platform of 1800 substituted in its place.
N'or does it matter that it was a sectional, abo-
lilion platform : wo must have a sectional, abo-
lition Constitution. But is there no other sac-
rifice which can be taken in its stead? \\ hen
Abraham was about to sacrifice his only son,
Isaac, as he believed, by the command of God,
and when he had built the altar and prepared
the wood, another sacrifice was provided. I
know that you have the altar and the wood
ready to sacrifice our Constitution, and I ask
you to call upon the deities which you worship
and see if some substitute cannot be found; call
upon the negro or the Republican party, and it
may be that something less dear to the Ameri-
can people than their Government might answer.
But if not. when you see the smoke ascending
from the altar and the sacrifice, remember that
it takes with it the liberties of your country and
the liberties of your children, and that your
children's children will condemn }ou for the
sacrilege.
1'iiOTECTIOX TO AMERICAN LABOR.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, the eloquent
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Yoo::hi:es,]
whose voice during the war has been so potent
in the councils of the Democratic party, and
who has borne so prominent a part, on this floor
in resisting ail the legislation by which the rebel-
lion was to be, and has been, crushed, in the
course of his recent defense of the President's
menage and policy lauded him as a champion
of free trade. He said the President had struck
"a manly aild honest, blow'' at the protection
afforded b) the tariff to the \aried industries 01"
the country, and cited this brief extract from
his message in proof of his assertion:
" Now, in their 1 urn. (lie property and income of the
eountr.v -1M bear f b.iirj ,im proportion ot the bur-
den of taxation, v, ini c in our import, synPun, through
means of winch increased wtahty is incidentally im-
ported to alt (ho industrial interests of the nation, the
duties should he so adjusted ;,s to fall most he;ivi!v
on articles of luxury, leaving the nceessaiies of life
us fj 20.1 oiu t.ix.ition as the absolute wan ts of the Gov-
ernment, cconomicaliy administered, will justify."
Entertaining, sir, the views I do, and which T
propose to submit to the committee, I bad found
in that, portion of the President's message the
expression of a desire to foster the industry,
develop the resources, and increase the wealth
and power of the country. Till the gentleman
called my attention to the fact, 1 had no' observed
that his expression was "nigmatieal and suscep-
tible of at least a double construction. I will
not. however.detain thecommilteeby endeavor-
ing to ascertain the President's meaning, which
time will disclose: but without abandoning the
hope that my apprehension of his words is cor-
rect. will proceed, in a general way, to demon-
strate that the gentleman's views as to how we
may be.-t equalixoandiuereo.se thewedlth of the
people of the U.'nited States are erroneous. In
the course of his remarks he said:
" Vi'e have o jyront inteiosSiu thiscoimtry, one of
v/huh bas pro^ratcd theotiier. The p.i.t tour years
of suffering and war has been the opportune ban cct
of tlie manufacturer. The looms and machine shops
of New England and the iron furnaces of Pennsylva-
nia have been more prolific of wealth to thoirovwters
than the most dazzling gold mines of the earth.''
Again:
" Tho present law of tariff is being rapidly under-
stood. Jt is no longer a deception, but rather a wc-11-
defmcd and clearly recognizcd outrage. The agricul-
tural labor of the land is driven to the counters of the
most gigantic monopoly ever before sanctioned by
law. I'rom its exorbitant demands there is no escape.
The European manufacturer isforbidden our ports of
trade forfear he mightsoll hiseoods at cheaper rates
and thus relieve the burdens of the consumers. We
have declared by law that there is but one market
into which our citizens shall go to make their pur-
chases, and we have left it to the owners of the mar-
ket to fix their own prices. The bare statement of
such a principle forosliadows at once the consequences
which flow from it. One class of citizens, and by far
the largest and most useful, is placed at the mercy,
for the necessaries as welt as luxuries of life, of t hc
fostered, favored, and protected class to whose aid
the whole power of the Government is given."
And again:
" Free trade with all the markets of the world is
the true theory of government."
Sir, as I proceed, it will, I think, appear that
we have more than "two great interests," and
that protection such as can only be afforded by
a tariff is required by them all; and that they
are interwoven with such exquisite harmony that
no one of them can suffer alone; and that to
destroy any oneisto impair the vital power of all.
Gruff old Samuel Johnson said in substance
that, when he contemplated the many diseases
to which human life is a prey and the countless
means for its destruction, he wondered that any-
body lived to maturity: and when, on the other
hand, he beheld the infinitude of specifics offered
for every form of disease he was led to wonder
that people ever died. And the thought recurs
to me as I contemplate the condition of our
country from either of two stand-points—that
of the despondent patriot and of him who con-
ceals his determined treason under expressions
of acquiescent loyalty, or that of the cheerful
patriot who knows something of our unmeasured
resources. Regarding our debt, which set forth
in figures seems so crushing, and our pension
lists, which, embraeingmore names than did the
muster rolls of the contending armies at Water-
loo. announce the fearful amount of infirmity,
I widowhood. and orphanage for which we are
; bound to provide; remembering how the ruling
! powers of other nations hate us ; looking at the
| immense extent and resources of the British
: dominions 011 our north, and considering how
| sedulously the imperial Government has pur-
; sued the design of uniting those dominions and
; constructing such governmental works as would
"render Canada accessible to'her Majesty's
forces at all seasons of the year," and that "as
well upon grounds peculiar to Canada as from
considerations affecting the interests of the other
' colonies and of the whole empire:'' remember-
ing, again, the Monroe doctrine, and the fact
; that he who occupies the throne of Mexico is,
I though an Austrian, the creature of the ambi-
I dons man whose will is law to Prance; and, in
! view of these facts, considering the internal con-
j dition of our country, with nearly a million
I square miles of our territory desolated by four
years of stubborn war, and with its people di-
vided into three classes, distrusting and hating
each other—four millions of them bom as things
for a market and strangers to the enjoyment of
any human right; six or eight millions more
poor and ignorant nearly as they, and unused
and averse to labor, less hopeful, and tending
each year more nearly to dependence on the rifle,
the net. ancl the line: and the remaining class,
less numerous than either of the others, but
possessing all the wealth and culture, acknowl-
edging themselves a conquered people, but witli
rare exceptions proving by all their acts that
thev are unconverted, and that they hate the
Union, its Constitution, and the people who
maintained the unity of the one and the sover-
eignty of the other as intensely as they did when
they began theunholiest war of history; regard-
ing. I say, these facts, the clisgnised traitorniay
still hope for the accompli shmcnt of his purpose,
ar.d the despondent patriot may well despair.
On the other liand, he who contemplates our
geographical position, which makes us, oil the
one ocean, business neighbors to seven hundred
