1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr. MORRILL. Have not the gentleman's
five minutes expired ?
Mr. THA YE R. The gentleman has ten min-
utes. and T hope he will not be interrupted.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I make the point
that we are under the five minutes' discussion
andthatlhe gentleman cannot speak for alonger
time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that the gentleman
is entitled to ten minutes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say that early in the session the Committee of
Ways and Means addressed a letter to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury asking him whether he
had not, under existing laws, sufficient power
to meet all requirements of the Treasury and
contraction of currency suggested in his report.
His reply I will send to the Clerk to be read;
and it will be -seen that my substitute contains
all the power stated therein to be requisite.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, January 22,1866.
Dear Sir: Your favor of the 19th instant is re-
ceived.
The proviso in the act of the 3d of March, 1865, to
which you call mv attention, simply authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury, with the consent of the
holder?, to convert Treasury notes or other obliga-
tions bearing interest into any description of bonds
authorized by that act.
I have boon and still am of the opinion that the
word "converted" is used synonymously with "ex-
changed," and that it was tho intention of Congress
to limit the Secretary to a more exchange of bonds
authorized bv th:it not for other interest-bearing:
obligations oi'thc United States.
With this view of the provision I have not felt and
should not fool at liberty to sell bonds under that act
for United States and national currency notes, and
use the proceeds in retiring interest-bearing obliga-
tions.
It is, in my judgment, of very great importance that
thopowersof tho Secretary of the Treasury should be
clearly defined, and that ho should avoid the exer-
cise of an authority not expressly given to him bylaw.
I am, very truly, yours, II. McCULLOCH,
Secretary.
Hon. J. S. Morrill, Chairman Committee Ways and
Means, Home of Rept eaentativca.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
only to add that my substitute exactly covers
the points asked for in that letter.
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for
debate is exhausted.
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts 
[Cries of "Order!"]
1 he CHAIRMAN. Debate on this bill is
exhausted.
M r. * FA RN S W 0 RT1I. I understand that
Congress 
[Loud and continued shouts of "Order!"
"Order!''J
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the Chair,
what is the first question before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee isupon the first amendment reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means.
The question was taken on the first amend-
ment reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and it was agreed to.
The second amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was also agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert after the
word uadvisable," in line fourteen of the ori-
ginal bill the words "at not less than par;"
so that it will read:
As he may think advisable, at not less than par, for
lawful money of the United/ States, &e.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call for
tellers on that amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Allison were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendments being offered to the
original bill, the question recurred on the sub-
stitute offered by Mr. Hooper, of Massachu-
setts.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
ask if by common cdnsent the question may not
be taken on this substitute by yeas and nays in
^the House-. [Cries of "Not" "No!"] Why
not let the substitute be reported t<5 the House,
and let us have a vote upon it by yeas and
nays? [Shouts of "Object!" and "No!"
"No!"]
Messrs. Morrill, and Hooper of Massachu-
setts, were appointed tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 74.
So Mr. Hooper's substitute was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise, and report the bill to the House, with
the recommendation that it pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; afrdthe Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration
as a special order bill of the House No. 207,
to amend an 'act entitled "An act to provide
ways and means to support the Government,"
approved March 3, 1865, had instructed him
to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments, and recommerfd its passage.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I appeal to the%entleman
to yield to me for a moment. [Cries of "No!"
"No!"] I desire to put a simple question.
[Shouts of " Order! " and "No! " "No! "]
Mr. MORRILL. I must really decline to
yield.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and on that motion I demand the
vcas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas-61, nays 72, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Bcaman, Benjamin,
Bingham, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy,
Cook, Dixon,Driggs,Eckley,Eggloston, Eliot, Ferry,
Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
liigby, llill, Holmes, Asahcl W. Hubbard, CnesterD.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, James
R. fhibbell, Julian, Kelley, Keiso, Kuykendall, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, McKec, Mil-
ler, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Phelps, Price, Shel-
labargcr, Stevens, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom.—61.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bergen,
Bidwcll, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Reader W. Clarke,
Cullom, Darling,Dawes, Dawson, Donnelly, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Finek, Garfield, Glossbrcnner,
Gl ider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Ilogan, John II. Hub-
bard. ^JamoM M. Humphrey, lnger^oll. Jones, Kas-
son, Kerr, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Le-
Blond. Marshal). Mawton, Marvin, McCullough, Mc-
Ruev, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Nicholson, Nocll, Pcrham, Pike, Samuel J.Randall,
Hitter, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Scofiold, Smith, Spald-
ing, Strouse, Taylor, Thornton, Upson, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Wnshburne. William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, Winfield, and Wright—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Blow, Boutwell,Brandcgcc, Chanier, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coffroth, Conkltng. Culver, Davis, Defrees,
Delano, Deming, Denison, Dumont, Goodyear, Har-
ris, Hcndeison, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Hulburd, James
Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Koteham, Longyear^
Mclndoc, Newell, Niblaek, Patterson, Plants, Pome-'
rov, Radford, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rioe, John II. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau,
Schenck, Shanklin, Silgroaves. Sloan, Starr, Tabor,
Warner, Whaley, and Woodbridge—50.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered, being upon the first
amendment reported from the Committee* of
the Whole on the state of the Union, as fol-
lows :
On page 2, line two, after tho word "debt" insert
the following:
Provided, That of United States notes, not more
than $10,00!),000 may be retired and canceled within
six months from the passage of this act, and there-
after not more than $4,000,000 in any one month.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays, and I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The#question was taken; and the House
refused to lay the bill upon the table.
The question recurred on the second amend-
ment reported frofn the Committee of tho Whole
on the state of the Union, to add at the end of
the bill the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury shall report to Congress at the
commencement of the next session the amount of
exchanges made, or money borrowed, under this act,
and of whom and when and on what terms, and
also the amount and character of indebtedness re-
tired under this act and the act to wiiich this is an
amendment, with a detailed statement of the ex-
penses of making such loans and exchanges.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 53, not voting
47 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Ber-
gen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Conkling, Cul-
lom, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Donnelly, Eldridge,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Finek, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Gridcr, Hale, Aaron Hardin?, Hogan,
Holmes, John H. Hubbard, James M. Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Jones. Kasson, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuy-
kendall, Laflin, Latham, George Y* Lawrence, Lo
Blond* Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McCullough,
McRucr, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moul-
ton, Myers, Nicholson, Nocll, Perham, Pike, Samuel
J. Randall, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins,
Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Smith, Spalding, Stilwell,
Strouse, Taylor, Thornton, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward. Elihu B. Washburne,
Ilcnry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Went-
worth, Windom, WinifcStl, and Wright—83.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Baker, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bingham, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Dixon, Driggs,
Eckley, Egglcston, Ferry, Griswold, Abner C.Hard-
ing. Hart, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N. Ilubbell, J amcs R. Hub bell, J ulian, Kelley,
Kelso, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McClurg,
McKee, Miller, O'Neill. Orth. Paine, Phelps, Price,
Shellabarger, Stevens, Thayer,Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Welker, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Delos R. Ashley,
Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Chanier, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coffroth, Culver, Davis, Defrees, Delano, Dem-
ing, Denison, Dumont, Goodyear, Grinnell, Harris,
Henderson, Hotehkiss, Hulburd, James Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Longyear, Mclndoe, Newell,
Niblaek,Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
Rousseau, Schenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Starr, Taber, Trimble, Warner, Whaley, and Wood-
bridge—47.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
postal laws.
Mr. ALLEY. I now call up the motion to
rSconsider the vote by which the House recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads House bill No. 2$1, to alter And
amend the postal laws. I entered the motion
to Reconsider at the time this bill was recom-
mitted, which was about the 17th of February.
As it is now late, and I suppose the House
has no desire to proceed to the consideration
of that bill, I will now move to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule ami referred to appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: Tho petition of W, Woodward,
and 30 others, soldiers of Spcncer county, Indiana, in
favor of an equalization of bounties to the soldiers
of the late war.
Also, the petition of Colonel C. H. Foster, of Mur-
freesboro, North Carolina, asking appointment of an
agent to collect and forward claims of representatives
of deceased Union volunteers of that State.
Also, the remonstrance of the New York State Mil-
itary Association, and of George S. Batehellor, in-
