2574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
those who elected him, and defended here by
those who had naught to do with his election,
I cannot see the reason, logic, or political
sequence in any form that will makfj a member
reprehensible for rising in his' seat and pre-
senting a resolution as 1 have, admitted by the
Presiding Officer of this House to be in order,
and to be subject only to the action of the
House. Sir, that any member should be held
accountable and liable to censure for such action
is a compliment, and as such T accept it.
And, sir, what have been the precedents
offered by that side of the House in the treat-
ment of public opinion as expressed by the
Opposition? What course has been pursued
with regard to the humble few who claim the
right on this floor of opposing encroachments
made by the majority upon the Constitution,
as we honestly believe? Is there any language
that can be found in Billingsgate or Hudilsras,
any low term of political reproach, any_inde-
cent slang, any hateful anathema, that is not
made use of toward the minority here day after
day, and put upon the wings of the press and
carried to every quarter of this country?
Sir, is this done by one who is spotless or
free from the reproach which he"would apply
to the humblest member on this side ? Who is
insulted when a Representative on this side is
branded as unworthy ? Thatmember? No, sir.
ThisHouse? No, sir; butthepeople—the peo-
ple whom we represent; the constituency for
whose interest we comehereandinwhosebehalf
we speak and vote. And if the people that I
represent deem, as I believe they do, that the
course of mischievous men has interfered with
the wise, constitutional policy of the President,
I will declare it, day by day and hour by hour,
though all the forces of the opposite party here
concentered were to seek by every rule allowed
by the practice of the House to stop my speech.
What care I for the paper resolutions of aay
political organization in any political body, if
1 here conscientiously discharge my duties as
aRepresentative? And I claim, in that capacity,
to stand without reproach. I have never given
a vote here or raised my voice in debate here
without keeping within the rules and regula-
tions of the House. What mistakes may be
made in the impetuosity of debate, in the eager-
ness to fulfill our duty toward our constituents
is aside from the motives with which we may
be actuated. But no act of mine has ever cast
• reprQach upon the constituency I represent,
and no act of the member from Ohio can cast,
infamy on me. As to any personal rebuke
which may fall upon myself, I look upon it as
too ridiculous to need serious consideration.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that my resolution was
not allowed to take the usual course without
involving me in these personalities. I wish to
say in regard to the resolution that it is as
harmless a resolution as was ever introduced
into this House.
The resolution only meets the line of argu-
ment which the majority on this floor have ad-
vanced from time to time by condensing what
I deem a fitting reply in a few words. That is all
there is in the resolution. Such resolutions are
often presented. Why this stringent cord drawn
around this particular resolution? Why the
bow-string and the knout here? Why this lash
which has driven the majority here to vote with
such unanimity?
Do you suppose that your lash can reach any
man on this side of the House ? If you do, you
are very much mistaken. The action of the
few men who_ control this Congress and this
Government is subject to very strict criticism;
it is worthy of denunciation; it is worthy of
the loudest anathemas; and as a Representa-
tive on this floor, had I the power of eloquence,
I should seek to crush the majority by all the
stinging and searching arguments which their
own acts offer me.
Wo are few in numbers here, but not as few
as the peculiar body which controls the action
of both branches of Congress, contrary to the
established rules and practice of American le-
gislation. And because we oppose the action
of this select committee and declare that it
shall not hold us responsible, those of us who
offer resolutions of this character are held up
as worthy of censure. <s
Now, what have these few constituting this
committee done? Have they offered to this
body one single reason for their course, one
argument for their report, or introduced one
legislative act which will enable the Executive,
in the discharge of his public duties, to use the
powers which the Constitution gives him to
save the people. That, sir, is the select few,
that is the body of men against whom that res-
olution was hurled, those and the people who
support it; against those few in comparison
with the great body of the people outside of
this House who support the action of that
select committee.
Gentlemen seem to think that because they
hold seats here in the majority they rule this
country. They think that the powers which
have descended upon them from the hands of
the people, according to the forms of the Con-
stitution, give them unlimited control for all
time to come. They think that the great plea
of necessity under which, during the turmoils
of war, they controlled the acts of the Govern-
ment is valid now, and gives them the right to
carry on a system of government they then
established, a system peculiar in itself, opposed
to the Constitution, and pronounced by an
Executive chosen by themselves to be uncon-
stitutional. Your term of office is limited,
and the power you exercise is limited, and its
end is near.
So much for that portion of the resolution.
I have not at any time addressed the House upon
that select committee, because it was like talk-
ing to the idle wind or firing at the insensible
rock.
Now, with regard to the second part of the
resolution 
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if in his resolution he intended to
malign the majority of this House or any por-
tion of that majority.
Sir. CHANLER. Not at all. There is not
a word in the resolution that applies to any
organization or set of men whatever. I drew
up that resolution with special view to avoid
any such inference, and the Speaker, in his
ruling, most justlyremarked that it was a ques-
tion for the action of the House. If I had
insulted the body over which he presides, is he
not competent, and has he not always shown a
prompt readiness to do so, to check the con-
sideration of the resolution at the very start?
Of course I meant no personality whatever, and
nothing but a malignant feeling on his part
could have prompted the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and I thank
the other gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] for directing that question to me. I did
not deem it necessary for me to make such an
avowal, for there is nothing in the resolution
that calls for a motion of censure.
Now, sir, I wish that the true motives which
actuated me inthis case should not be misunder-
stood. I do not wish to delay the House, or
to disturb or interrupt the proceedings before
it. But it is due to this House and to myself
that they should understand that there is a
potent power and an admirable use in a minor-
ity. A minority of one man, if he is conscien-
tious in the discbarge of his duties, is as able
a check upon improper parliamentary proceed-
ings as a minority of fifty or of any number.
Now, if the constituency which I represent
upon this floor is to be turned upon and cen-
sured by the majority for saying what it thinks
through its agent, why in the name of reason
do you invite them to send a Representative
here? If the majority of this House are to
show this thin-skinned sensitiveness to the
utterances of truths, how is there to be any
minority worthy of that name in the system of
American government? Are we, because we
differ from them to cringe, and gather thrift
by fawning?
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ciianleu] yield for a question?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to read to the gen-
tleman from New York a portion of one of the
resolutions, and then ask him in good faith
what he means by that portion of it:
Resolved, That the independent, patriotic, and
constitutional course of the President oi the Lniteu
States in seeking to protect by the veto power the
rights of the people of this Union against the wickeu
and revolutionary acts of a few malignant and mis- _
ehievous men, &c.
Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from
New York to whom he refers by the expres-
sion, " a few malignant and mischievous men,"
against whose '' wicked and revolutionary acts''
the " President of the United States is seeking
to protect by the veto power the rights of the
people of this Union."
Mr. CHANLER. Every malignant^ and
malicious individual, [laughter,] collectively,
connected with this Government or any other,
who attempts to interfere with the President's
power to protect the people, without regard to
race or color, particularly the light brown.
Mr. DAWES.. I wish the gentleman to
answer me directly whether he meant by his
resolution to refer to the majority of Congress
who voted for the acts which the President lias
vetoed. Will he state whether he did or did
not intend to include that majority or any
portion of them?
Mr. CHANLER. In just so much as they
did interfere with the rights of the people.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman whether
he intended to include them.
Mr. CHANLER. No more and no less than
I have stated. I have already made my decla-
ration, in answer to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sfaldintg,] that I meant nothing whatever
in the form of insult or personality as applied
to this House or any member. It was a 11 glit-
tering generalitythat is all.
Mr. DAWES. "Will the gentleman answer
one more question ?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman please to
state to the House in what manner it is possible
to include anybody else than the members of
the House and of the Senate who voted for the
acts against which he says the President is
defending the people by the exercise of his veto
power?
Mr. CHANLER. I allude to those who
influence the men on the other side. I allude
to those to whom the majority in Congress are
responsible. I allude to those mischievous and
malignant men who, using the pulpit for ful-
minating revolutionary and wicked doctrines,
have roused the people to acts of incendiarism
and bloodshed. I mean all those infamous and
wicked men who, for political purposes, have
perverted every avenue to honor that they
may gain wealth and position. Is the gentle-
man satisfied? Does the language apply to
him? Does the galled jade wince, or does he
feel that his withers are unwrung?
Mr. DAWTES. If the gentleman has no
objection to answering one more question, will
he be kind enough to state to the House whose
acts the President vetoed?
Mr. CHANLER. He can veto only the acts
of Congress. The President, acting as Presi-
dent, can by his veto power strike only the
acts of Congress. Every one must see that the
gentleman's question is utterly useless. But
what I mean is, iSiat in these vetoes the Presi-
dent has struck broader and deeper than any
act of Congress. He has roused in the hearts
of the American people throughout this whole
country a hope that had almost ceased to exist.
He has struck a forcible blow against what I
deem a most dangerous combination against
the welfare of the country. I did not mean to
say that any man on this floor is any more
incendiary or revolutionary in his conduct than
myself. Gentlemen on the other side daily
indulge in charges against gentlemen on this)
side, calling them traitors. &c. ; and am 1 to
be called to account, because I reply in a gen-
eral assertion which touches no individual?
