1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3585
sage, of course the contest is already settled;
other Governments become the masters of
that trade, and like our other efforts to grasp
for commercial equality, this will be a failure.
I agree perfectly with the Senator from Maine
that this was the contract they made. But they
have done a little more, thus far, than merely
to carry out their contract. Instead of making
tlieir ships of three thousand tons, they are
making them of four thousand tons, which is
equal, in other measurements, to about five
thousand tons capacity. The object in (liat
was to have, in the first place, a class of ships
that would defy the ships of other nations to
compete with them.
Mr. CO MX ESS. That could not be beaten.
Mr. NYE. In the first place, for the nation,
for one of these contracting parties, the company
add a thousand tons to their ships so as to bid
defiance at least in their ships to those of other
Governments. There they have given us a thou- j
sand tons on each ship more than they agreed
to do. I say for this manly effort on their part
to make it a success they are entitled at least to
a fair consideration upon the other thing that
they ask, to be released from touching at Hon-
olulu.
Sir, it is true, undoubtedly, that we as a
people have not paid that kind, nursing care
and attention to the interests of the Sandwich
Islands that we should. Other nations, more
careful, more vigilant, more Argus-eyedin look-
ing at its advantages, have been doing it. But,
sir, the trade and the commercial importance
of the Sandwich Islands sink into insignificance
in comparison with the great trade for which
we are reaching. A Senator upon this floor,
who is now dead, uttered a great truth when he
said that for two hundred 3-ears the nations-of
the earth had been seeking for the natural out-
let of Asiatic production; and, situated just
as we are, in the center of the commercial
world, everything has got to go over or go
around us; and this nation, with a due sense
to its own interest, in a time of war, when
the country was in great commotion, exhibited
great sagacity in stretching forth its power and
resources to construct a railroad across the
continent that would complete this great work
of determining what was the natural outlet of
Asiatic production. I regarded this measure,
when we adopted it last year, as the beginning
of the end of an effort that would be success-
ful. Already we see, on both sides of this
continent, on both ends of the great Pacific
road, unparalleled exertions to complete the
work that will solve this great problem of the
natural outlet. This line of steamers to China
and Japan is the ferry fro?n the end of that
railroad to the boundless riches and commer-
cial wealth of the Indies, of China, and Japan.
The great depot of American commerce will
be beyond the Pacific. There will be congre-
gated the productions of that rich country,
increasing with the facilities for outlet till no
human being can compute the magnitude and
importance of this great work.
I understand the amendment of the honora-
ble Senator from Massachusetts to be to deduct
$50,000 from this subsidy, and then release
them from this portion of their contract. Mr.
President, as a matter of sound economy I sub-
mit to Senators 011 this floor whether that would
not be practicing and reenacting the old saving
Penny wise and pound foolish." If the trade
of the Sandwich Islands is valuable, as it is, the
paltry "consideration of §50,000, I submit; with
great respect to the judgment of the Senators
who have addressed the Senate on thisquestion,
is not at all to be regarded for a moment. The
subsidy that this direct line has got is none too
much for the magnitude of the labor they are
to perform—long voyages, full of peril, in bois-
terous seas, under inclement slues—the most
dangerous navigation of the world, where any
dav one of those proud ships that look so defiant
at the wharf may be made to dance like a cockle-
shell before the power of the tornado. The
company is liable any day to lose one half its
* investment. I submit that if the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from Iowa were part-
ners in this great company they would not think
the subsidy too much. Sir, I would let this
subsidy stand.
The Senator from Maine says it is the con-
tract. Yes, sir, so it is. Thiscompany, Ithink,
meet that question in a manly spirit when they
come up to the other contracting party and say
"We have contracted for more than we can do ;
we can do a portion, the large portion, the
main portion of this great work; but wo find it
impracticable to execute some of the details."
Under such circumstances what is the part of
wisdom forthis Government? Is it to abandon
the whole projectand let go this rich prize which
is already reaching out to us? By no means.
I would hold on to the promising treasure that
is so clearly seen; I would hold the main point
if I had to let some of the minor points go.
Sir, it would be a little matter to this Govern-
ment in view o$what I conceive most honestly
to be the present and future interests of this
country to subsidize another line to control the
rich productions of the Sandwich Islands. That
is comparatively a short trip, and the subsidy
would be much less; a different character of
ships better adapted to that service could be
put on with a small subsidy, and that would
insure a growing harvest from both fields.
Mr. President, I did not believe when this
measure was passed that we had done with the
great commercial interests of the Pacific ocean
or the countries lying beyond it. By no means.
We were just entering then upon the pathway
of future commercial greatness. It was the first
step, and our flag was to bo seen for the first
time in those distant seas in an organized com-
mercial line that was calculated hereafter to
control that great trade. I hope that the Sen-
ator from Maine, notwithstanding the contract
is as he states, will, with his wide scope and
clear vision that watches so carefully the inter-
ests of this country, both present and prospect-
ive, when he comes to contemplate it, see that
it would be unwise to cut down this subsidy,
and unwise to compel the company to perform
the contract so as to lose these great commer-
cial advantages. It is a fact as clear as the sun-
beam at noon that that line which goes the
quickest will control; time is everything in
these commercial transactions; and ten days
lost to the commercial world would ruin this
enterprise. Trade will take the line that goes
the quickest and is the most direct. The great
question is now submitted to the Congress of
this nation whether we shall compete in point
of time and adopt other measures to secure the
great commercial advantages of an intimate
connection with the East. 1 think the Senator
from Maine will see that it will be far better to
give a subsidy to a smaller class of vessels mak-
ing quicker commercial trips and have a more
intimate connection with the Sandwich Islands,
than it would be to cut down this subsidy or to
compel these contractors to perform that labor,
the performance of which destroys the great
prime object of this subsidy, to wit, the control
of the trade of the Indies. I trust that Sena-
tors will look at this question as a question of
great commercial interest; and if this contract
can "be so varied, so altered, so changed as to
be both a benefit-to the contractors and a benefit
to us as a nation, that measure will be adopted.
Sir, it is a great work, and I hope to see,
indeed I believe I shall see the day, if the Gov-
ernment acts in that spirit of liberality which
is due to the importance of this measure com-
mercially, when our own steamers and our own
cars will take the productions of China and
Japan and put them down in our own bottoms
at the different ports of the world upon the
eastern continent. It is n$ stretch of fancy
when I say that I expect to see it,. From our
position wo should be the commercial masters
of the sea, and all that is requisite to put that
control, so full of importance, into our hands,
is to act in a spirit of generous, manly liberal-
ity, with a generosity commensurate with the
importance of the object to be attained. If we
do, we shall realize the brightest hopes and
fondest anticipations of'our future commer-
cial greatness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not attempt to
follow or reply to my honorable friend from
Nevada, [Mr. Nye.] I cannot use the fine
language that he does, and I have not the im-
agination that he has. It is, though of course
superior in quality, of the same kind with very
much that I have heard for a great while; in
fact ever since I have been here. Whenever
anything of this sort was proposed to be under-
taken, it was always said to he a matter of
great enterprise and great sacrifice and great
public spirit on the part of those that were sub-
sidized. They never have their own interests
view; they only seek to enlarge and increase
the grandeur of the Republic 1 That is the
case here undoubtedly. But let us look a little
to see whether they are not sharp bargainers
like ourselves—a little of the Yankee about
them. Take this contract as it is in the law,
and what is it? That they shall establish a
monthly line and perform twelve round trips
per year in a certain direction and touching at
certain ports. Now, the Senator says, rapidity
is everything, and they want to be released
fiom the contract to touch at Honolulu because
they can go quicker; but where is the contract
to have more than a monthly line and raort
than twelve round trips a year? That is all
conveniently left out, so that in fact when we
pass this measure we have simply released
them from their obligation to touch at Hono-
lulu, and they then stand upon their original
contract for the twelve round trips and noth-
ing more, and are not bound to go a particle
faster or arrive any quicker or do anything
more. /
Mr. CONNESS. My friend will allow me
to suggest that there was no contract requiring
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company to carry
the mails ol'tencr than semi-monthly between
New York and Aspinwall, Panama and San
Francisco, but the company put on an addi-
tional number of ships there without any re-
quirement by contract to do so, and now carry
the mails Iri-inonlhly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is because it pays
them to do so, and there are rival lines com-
peting with them. Now this question is whether
this trade will pay. We do not know. This
proposition is simply that we shall surrender a
part of the contract and get nothing in return.
The Senators talk largely and liberally about
what these contractors want to do. They say
the company will increase their speed ^ that
time is everything. But what is time to them
in comparison with their own particular inter-
ests, unless there is the competition of some
rival line, or something of that sort? Sir, it
is nothing but the modest proposition that we
shall give up a large and important part of our
contract and not ask them in return to do any-
thing more than they contracted to do before,
so that if it is perfectly convenient and profit-
able for them to go quicker they will do so ;
not otherwise.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator; but I desire to suggest that they
have a stronger inducement than might be at
first supposed to make the time. They have
110 trade now, and unless they make quicker
time than the English and French they never
will get any. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The English and French
do not go from this side.
Mr. STEWART. They go from the Isthmus.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not go from
this side and will not be likely to go by steam-
ship.
Mr. STEWART. Thatdoesnotalterthccase.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am talking to sen-
sible men as I trust and know. Gentlemen
speak about "inducements." The amount of
it is you give up the money and give up the
bargain and rely upon "inducements.]' If
they can do it and will do it, put it in the
bond, and do not talk about inducements.
Mr. CONNESS. They havo more than put
it in the bond.
