1866.]
APPENDIX TO" THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
39tii Cong.... 1st Bess.
Bights of Citizens—Mr. liogers.
Ho. of Beps.
and who believe -in the- doctrines upon which
the .constitutional liberty .of this country is
founded, must admit that the rights of the*
States were the most jealous rights which our
fathers had in view; and, when they wrested
from Englaild the independence of the several
States, they wrested them as thirteen inde-
pendent States and nations, free from each
other, with all rights and privileges given to
the people to exercise, carry into effect, and
control a Government according to their own
exclusive will and judgment.
Let us see what Chief Justice Parker says
upon this subject of privileges and immunities
of citizens of the several States, as already in-
corporated in the organic law of this country.
He says, in 6 Pickering, pages 92 and 93, in the
ease of Abbot vs. Bailey:
■ " The 'constitutional provision referred to is neces-
sarily limited and qualified; for it cannot be pre-
tended that ft citizen of Rhode Island coming into
this State to live is ipao facto entitled to the fuUprivi.-
leges of the citizen if any term of residence is pre-
scribed as preliminary-to, the exercise of political or
municipal rights. The several States then remain
sovereign for some .purposes, and foreign to' each
other, as before tho adoption of the Constitution of
the United States; and especially in regard to the
administration of justice, and in the regulation of
property and of estates, the laws of marriage and di-
vorce, and the protection of the persons of those who
live under, their jurisdiction."
Does this amendment propose to leave the
several States foreign to each other as regards
the regulation of property and of estates, the
laws of marriage and divorce, and the protec-
tion of the powers of those who live under their
jurisdiction? No, sir; it proposes to takeaway
all those rights of a State, and under this broad
principle of equality which during the last five
years has been proclaimed throughout the land
to empower the Federal Government to exer-
cise an absolute, despotic, unGontrollablepower
of entering the domain of the States and say-
ing to them, " YourStatelawsmnstberepealed
wherever they do not give to the colortid pop-
ulation of the country the same rights and priv-
ileges to which your white citizens are enti-
tled." I will not vote for any amendment
to the organic law that is to affect the eleven
southern States as long as those States are de-
nied representation. The courts ha\^ decided
that guarantees, privileges, and immunities are
not powers, and when the Constitution author-
ized Congress to make all laws necessary and
proper to carry into execution the powers vested
in the Government, it meant powers strictly.
Upon this point the honorable gentleman who
reported this resolution [Mr. Bingham] and I
agree. That powers do not mean guarantees
and privileges we all agree; and because of
that this amendment in part is deemed neces-
sary.
Now, sir, another reason why our fathers
never intended that Congress should have the
right to interfere in the case of the clause of
the organic law which says that "the citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several
States," is this: that the eighth section of the
first article designates and names the particular
powers which Congress may exercise. It is
therefore clear that the framers of the Consti-
tution intended to exclude the exercise of all
powers except those expressly named. You
nowhere find in the Constitution the grant of
any power such as is now proposed to be exer-
cised. You nowhere find Congress endowed
with the right to interfere with the eminent
domain and the sovereign power of a State.
But each State has sovereign jurisdiction and
Eower over the property, the liberty, the privi-
;ges, and immunities, and the lives of its citi-
zens.
I am pleased to see gentlemen upon the other
side of the House coming forward to defend
State rights, which I regard as the vital prin-
ciple of our Government. I am pleased to see
the now gallant and noble advocate of liberty
and State rights, the gentleman from "New York,
[Mr. Raymond,] standing up in the city of New
York and defending those great.rights of State
jurisdiction, without which the Constitutioii ofi
this country is worthless, and the- liberties of
the people a myth. I am willitig to follow in
the track- of him and those who manifest the
same noble spirit. I . am willing to sink all
parties into oblivion, if it be necessary,- to save
this Union. -To save this Union I am willing
to sink party organization so low that when
Gabriel blows his horn they will never hear'
it. " I am, willing to do this in order to pro-
serve those principles, of civil liberty which
have been handed down to us by our fathers;
and embodied by them in our Federal system of
Government and in the self-governing constitu-
tions of the independent States of this Union.
It was State rights that our fathers in framing
the Constitution sought to preserve in all their
just majesty. Through seventy-five years we
have enjoyed these rights; and I desire that
they shall be handed down unimpaired to our
children and our children's children forever.
I affirm that when you attempt to take away
those rights by constitutional amendment, you
make one more stride toward a consolidation of
power in one central Government; one more
stride toward despotism'; one more stride toward
the destruction of those great principles which
Washington and Jefferson and Madison re-
garded as the vitalizing ideas of our republican
system; one more stride toward the enslave-
ment of your posterity, whose liberties can only
be guarantied by the maintenance of the great
principles which our revolutionary fathers vin-
dicated and sought to transmit for the benefit
of their posterity.
Sir, one great object which is now sought
is to prevent eleven sovereign States of this
Union from being represented in the Halls of
Congress while they are compelled to bear their
full burden of taxation. The tendency cf this
effort must be to widen and deepen that gulf
between the North and South which has been
created by northern fanaticism and southern
rebellion. The purpose is to make that gulf
so broad and vast that the southern States shall
never be permitted to take their place in this
Union except as mere dependencies of a con-
solidated central power, by virtue of which
Congress shall exercise an unlimited control
over the municipal concerns of these States,
embracing in its jurisdiction all the most val-
ued rights of life, liberty, and property, which
our Constitution designed to be under the
guardianship of the individual States, which
alone can give the citizen the adequate meas-
ure of protection.
Sir, I defy any man upon the other side of
the House to name to mo anjr right of the citi-
zen which is not included in the words "life,
liberty, property, privileges, and immunities.'''
unless it should be the right of suffrage; arid
that has been decided by the circuit court of
the United States in Corlield vs. Coryell, 4
Washington's Circuit Court Reports, pages 380
and 381, to be included in the words "privi-
leges and immunities;"' that "privileges and
immunities" are so broad as even to include
the right of suffrage. I will not affirm that that
position is correct, nor will I deny it; but if it
be correct, as that high court has solemnly
decided, it is easy to perceive why our fathers
refused to authorize Congress to legislate on
this subject by granting no power to it to legis-
late upon the guarantees of the organic law, and
confining its legislation to the powers granted.
That clause in the organic law which says that
no person shall lie deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law. as well as
the other guarantees of the Constitution, have
been repeatedly decided by the Supremo Court
of the United States to applv only to cases
affecting the Federal Government, and not to
apply to such cases as are exercised by the
States. For instance, if a State should con-
demn a man to death without due process of
law, or take his propertv for public use without
any compensation, the clauses of (he Consiitu-
tion of the United States .would have no appli-
cation to such cases; but if the Federal Gov-
ernment should do the same thing,, then these:
clauses in .the organic law would apply. This;
position no lawyer in this House %i£l deny.
What do we - understand by the word prop-
erty in a legal sense? Included in the right of
property is the right to vote. The learned men'
on the same committee with myself will not
deny that it has been so decided. In fact it is
an axiom of law in this country,-that the right
of voting is a right of property. - When a man
has been refused the right of voting he has the
right to prosecute the man who has deprived
him of that right. It has been so settled in the.
courts of-the Union, that the right to vote is
property. Now, according to the broad con-
struction-and latitudinarian ideas of the times,
it is easy to get courts to decide that this amend-
ment would give Congress the power to regu-
late suffrage in- the States under the words
property, privileges-, and immunities.
I know I am a young man, and of course pay
much respect to older minds, yet I defy con-
tradiction of any of the legal principles I am
laying down. I do, not Want to pervert or mis-
state, and am always ready to be corrected if
I err. I have taken some pains to study the
theory of our Government and the liberties of
this Union. Now, sir, 1 insist that the Federal
Government has no power to deprive the States
of any of the rights which they have reserved
to themselves. I will refer to the case of
Campbell vs. Morris, 8 Harris & McHcnry's
Reports, page uoi :
"2. All power, jurisdiction, and rights of sover-
eignty not, granted by the people by that instrument,-
or relinquished, are still retained by them in their
several States, and in their respective State Legisla-
tures, according to theirforms of government.
"Uniformity of laws in the States is contemplated
by the General Government only in two eases, on the
subject of bankruptcies and natuiattention.
"The l.-iii'.-'". powers ot Congress arc particu-
larly defined m the eighth section of the first artielc.
" Tho^e, power* do not interfere witlnu- abridge i tie
power of tho states to make local regulations, the
operation of which is confined to the State."
This Congress, not satisfied with the powers
already given by tho Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, noi. believing that they hare author-
ity to pass this civil rights bill which passed
through the Senate of the United States, not
believing according to the letter and spirit of
the Constitution, within the meaning of the
word "powers," there is any authority in Con-
gress to carry into effect the immunities and
privileges which are contained in this section,
they now attempt to ingraft and implant upon
the Federal system of (his country for all time
to come, a despotic and supreme power which
would sap the very life-blood of the States and
deprive them of the most precious and hereto-
fore indestructible lights which they have en-
joyed from the formation of the Government
down to this time. It cannot be expected that
the southern States or any one of the border
States in this Union will indorse through their
Legislatures an amendment of this character.
If this amendment were submitted to the peo-
ple it would not receive the sanction of one
State except Massachusetts. The name of
this committee, ought to lie changed from the
committee on reconstruction to the commit-
tee on destruction. It is a source of despotism
and partakes of the character of the English
Inquisition and the Jacobin committee of
France. It usurps the power to regulate the
affairs of the Union, sits in secret inquisition
over the liberties of the people, issues edicts
and mandates to Congress, and with imperial
dignity orders Congress to pass laws which
would"sap the life-blood of the nation, prostrate
the Constitution, break down the Union, and
destroy the rights and liberties of the people of
America. Its conduct has been recorded for
posterity to judge of, and (hat judgment will
consign its acts to oblivion and eternal shame,
i It was established to prevent- the southern
| States from having representation in the Union,
i to rcducc them to conquered provinces, and to
