1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2575
Am I to be arraigned here by a system of cross-
questions because as a member I have said
what I think?
Mr. DAWES. I pcrceive the gentleman
does not understand my question; it is my
fault, I presume. If he will allow me, I will
again state it. I desire to understand fully
what the gentleman meant by the language of
his resolution; for my vote on the motion to
censure him will depend entirely upon what he
meant to do, not the propriety of what he did
do. If a man does as well as he knows how to
do, I do not propose to censure him.
I did not ask the gentleman what the Presi-
dent could veto; but inasmuch as he said (he
President was defending the people against the
"revolutionary and wicked" acts*of' certain
"malignant and mischievous" men, I asked
him whether the President did veto any other
acts than the acts of this House and the Senate.
Mr. CHANLER. Yes, sir; he vetoed every
act of outrage that has been committed in this
country. By the exercise of the veto power
he showed himself an independent man—a man
who looked to the Constitution for the warrant
of his power.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker- 
Mr. CHANLER. I decline to yield further.
Mr. Speaker, I have nothing to do with the
President of the United States. He was elected
by one constituency and I by another. I am
not here to defend him, and the gentleman knows
it. It is asking a pigmy to defend a giant when
it is proposed to bring me into the arena to
defend the President of the United States.
Sir, the President stands before you to-day
as a giant, and there is no David in your ranks
to bring him down. I do not presume to be
his defender. I do not claim to be your supe-
riors, but I do claim to be your equals, and I
am not over proud of it either.
There is nothing more hostile to my inclina-
tions and more at variance with the intention
I had when this resolution was offered than
the personality which has grown out of this
debate. I hope my 'friends [turning to the
Democratic members] are satisfied that while
I boldly announced in the resolution what I
believed true, I as boldly have maintained it
in the foregoing remarks. 1 retract not one
word. I accept the question of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] as the suggestion
of a friend. It enabled me to remove all im-
pression that the resolution was meant to be
obnoxious. I will answer no more questions.
I mean no wrong, and I will suffer no wrong.
I care not for the persecution of the malignant
member from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] or for the
political censure of the majority of the Repub-
lican party in or out of this House. If by my
defiance 1 could drive your party from this
Hall I would do so. If by my vote I could
crush you, I would do so, and put the whole
party, with your leader, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] into that polit-
ical hell surrounded by bayonets, referred to
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] in his argument on Thursday last.
Now, vote upon this resolution of censure.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] does not press
the motion to lay upon the table, as the gentle-
man from New York prefers a direct vote on
the resolution.
The question recurred on the adoption of
the resolution, on which the yeas and nays
were ordered. *
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 30, not voting
81 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley. Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Doming, Eek-
ley, Garfield, Abncr C. Harding, llart, Hayes, Hen-
derson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D.Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian,
George Y. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, MeKee, Morour, Mil-
ler, Moorhead. Morrill, Ortii, Paine, Patterson, Per-
tain, Pike, Plants, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Schenek, Spalding, Stevens, Van Aer-
nam, Warner, ElihuB.Washbume, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Bergen, Darling, Davis, Dawson,
Denison, Eldridge, Finck, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron
Harding. Hogan, Jamos R. Ilubbell, Kerr, Laflin, Lc
Blond, Marshall, Niblack, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, R,ous-
seau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith, Strouse, Taber,
Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Ward, and Henry D. Wash-
burn—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos
R  Ashley, Banks, Beaman, Boyer.Brandegee, Buck-
land, Chanler, Coffroth, Conkling, Culver, Defrees,
Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farouhar, Ferry, Gloss-
brenner, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, _ Harris, Hill,
Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso,
Kctcham, Kuykendall, Latham, Marvin, McCul-
loush. Mclndoe. McRuer, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
Newell, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Raymond, John II. Rice, Seofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Starr, Stilwcll, Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Wentworth, Whaley,
Windom, Winfield, and Wright—81.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
select committee on the memphis mot.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the select committee on the.Memphis riot or-
dered this morning: Messrs. Washburne of
Illinois, Botjtwell of Massachusetts, and Le
Blond of Ohio.
five-cent piece.
On motion of Mr. KASSON, the House took
from the Speaker's table House bill No. 397,
to authorize the coinage of a five-cent piece,
and concurred in the amendment of the Senate
thereto.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new york post office, etc.
On motion of Mr. DARLING, the House
took up and concurred in the Senate amend-
ments to House joint resolution No. 66, rela-
tive to the courts and post office of New York
city.
taxing national banks.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas, by reason of the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, stock of national banks
is made subject to the same rate of taxation with
other property by State and municipal authority:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
moving all taxes levied by the national Government
on said banks, except the half per cent, per annum
on the average amount of their deposits.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the mo-
tion by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william joslin.
Mr. HOLMES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of William Joslin,
of Vermont; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
george r.frank.
On motion of Mr. COBB, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
George R. Frank, copies being left.
leave of absence.
Mr. FERRY asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Beaman, for ten
Mr. PRICE asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Grinnell, for
ten days.
post office appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the amend-
ments to the Post Office appropriation bill by
the Senate were taken up from the Speaker's
table and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
united states courts in mississippi.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 310, to change the place of hold-
ing the courts of the United States for the
northern district of Mississippi for action at the
present time.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iiswa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I desire
to state that when the vote was taken on Thurs-
day last on the proposed amendment to the
Constitution I was unavoidably absent. Had
I been here I would have voted for it.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I notice in the pro-
ceedings as reported in the Globe that I am
recorded as not voting on the motion ordering
the main question. 1 was here and voted.
Mr. DENISON. Mr. Speaker, I ask to be
allowed to recordmy vote on the constitutional
amendment.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done.
Mr. DENISON. I would have voted against
it had I been here.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
reply to a resolution of the House of the 10th
ultimo, in regard to artificial limbs furnished
to soldiers at the expense of the Government;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rales were suspended; andthe House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wasiiburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,,
being a bill of the House (No. 513) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864, and acts
amendatory thereof.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Jenckes, to strike out the following pro-
viso on page 22, on which debate was exhausted:
Provided further. That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall be, and he is hereby .authorized to fix such,
additional rates of compensation to be made to as-
sessors and assistant assessors in cases where a col-
lection district embracesmore than a single congres-
sional district, and to assessors and assistant assessors,
revenue agents, and inspectors in Louisiana, Geor-
gia, South Carolina, Alabama, Florida, Texas, Ar-
kansas, North Carolina, Mississippi, Tennessee, Mis-
souri, California, and Oregon, and the Territories, as
may appear to him to bo just and equitable, in con-
sequence of the greater cost of living and traveling
in those States and Territories, and as may, in his
judgment, boneces^ary to secure the services of com-
petent officers; but the rates of compensation thus
allowed shall not exceed the rates paid to similar
officers in such. States and Territories respectively.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "Missouri."
Mr. Chairman, I have made inquiry at tho
Department and I find that this proviso isindis-
pensable if we would collect any tax in the
States and Territories mentioned. In a large-
portion of the State of Louisiana, and also in
Tennessee, especially around Memphis and
Nashville, it is utterly impossible to obtain
men who are competent to discharge these
duties without the payment of a littie more
salary than the law now allows. If the assist-
