8586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. FESSE&DEN. How?
Mr. CONNESS. By building greater ships
and more costly ones than were required.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who asked them to
build greater ships ? They do it simply because
they think they can make more money by it,
because they will carry more goods. Our con-
tract is that they shall build ships equal to a
certain amount of power. If they build larger
ones it is because they think they can make
more money by so doing; it is for their own
benefit. But now they come in here and ask
us to. give up a large portion, an important por-
tion of the contract on our side, when they do
not promise or pledge themselves or intimate
in* any shape or form that they will do the ser-
vice one hour quicker, but we leave it to them
to do it or not, according to their own inter-
ests; and the honorable Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] talks to me about the induce-
ments they will have to do it. Let us have the
inducements of the contract; that is what I
want to rely upon. If it is so that they will do
it quicker, do it better, put that in the contract,
and let us not, like unwise men, when we have
agreed to give a half million dollars a year to
perforni a certain service, give up half the ser-
vice ou (he representation to usthat then, when
Wo have given up half the service and give them
aif the money, they will be under "induce-
ments" to go quicker. The inducement will
depend on whether they can make money by it.
I have yet to see the first company in this conn-
try orany other country that put the honor of
their country in relation to trade ahead of the
money that went into their own pockets. If
there is such a company I should like to have
any Senator name it. If they can succeed and
do credit to the country and at the same time
make it profitable, very-well; but if they cannot
make it profitable, if it is a losing game, they
cannot afford to uphold the honor and com-
mercial interests of the country out of their
o«n pockets, and will not attempt to do it. If
the argument of the honorable Senator from
California is well founded, let it be put into
this bill which he proposes to pass that they
may have the privilege of not touching at Hon-
olulu, provided they will make a certain time,
and then we shall have some security; but not
give it up on the ground simply that thereby
wo furnish them an inducement to make cer-
tain time because the inducement will depend
upon circumstances that wo cannot foresee.
Air. STEWART. Upon this question of
indu|g2ment I just want to say a word. In the
first place, the inducement on the part of the
Government of the United States to pay this
subsidy was in order to start a trade with
China. That was the principal inducement to
us. The company, in order to carry out the
plan, have built larger ships than were antici-
pated or required by the contract. The sub-
sidy does very little toward paying for those
ships or paying for running them. The subsidy
is a very small matter compared with the whole
expense of the company. Their remuneration
for the most part must come from the trade
that they are to build up. If they can build
up a trade it will bo a good speculation ; other-
wise your subsidy will be of very little account,
and the whole thing will be a failure; it will be
a great loss of money. Your $500,000 in cur-
rency will go very little toward running these
enormous ships on the Pacific ocean. Their
reward consists in their success. To secure
that success we make the appropriation. If
the trade can be built up, and the line can be
a success for ten years, we then have the trade
established and they need no further subsidy.
The question with them, whether they will
make or lose money, is a question of success
or failure. They have gone to work like men
in ordej,to induce success. They have built
larger ships than the contract required so that
they can carry more coal. Doing this heavy
business from China to our coast is an experi-
ment to some extent. Thegentlemen who have
made this contract have met the question in a
very liberal spirit. If they make it a success
they will payback more than tenfold the bounty
we give them. If it shall be a failure, we lose
our subsidy. If they make it a success, they
will be enriched by it and the Government will
be benefited. If it be a failure, they will lose
money by it and the Government will not be
benefited.
They having gone to work in this admirable
spirit, and their success depending upon speed,
as they have to compete with other lines, it
seems tome but just that we should'meet them
in the same spirit. Their interest and ours
being identical, their reward arid our reward
depending upon the success of the enterprise,
and the success of the enterprise depending
upon the speed with which they can carry the
goods, it soemsto me we have a sufficient guar-
antee. Gentlemen speak of twelve round trips.
Twelve round trips may be sufficient. They may
make twelve round trips; but if they can make
them in a less number of clayH you get goods
here quicker, and they certainly will make them
in a less number of days if they are not sent out
of their course so as to consume eight or ten
days additional time. You d  not want any
more trips; twelve trips are enough. The only
thing is to carry-the goods more rapidly than
they can be carried in other steamships, either
English or French. That is what we are making
this expenditure for, and that is the way the
investment is to benefit the country, and that
is the way this enterprise is to benefit them.
As the interest of the Government and the in-
terest of the contractors is identical, why can-
not we leave this matter to them ? Of all the
companies that have tried to navigate the ocean,
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company is the best.
It has been the most honest monopoly, if it has
been a monopoly. While Vanderbilt upon this
side was slaughtering his hundreds by starva-
tion and privations and overcrowded ships, they
had large floating palaces, where they were
much more Qostly, and the people of California
are much attached to them and feel very much
obliged-to them. You gave a medal to Van-
derbilt. I wish I had been in the Senate at the
time to protest against it. While he on this
side was carrying on his monopoly to prey upon
mankind, this company in the far Pacific was
having its floating palaces and looking to the
comfort of every man. If it is a monopoly, it
is a generous, noble monopoly, that the people
love. It has undertaken this work in its usual
enterprising spirit, and if we meet it half way
it will always respond. It has got a history of
fifteen years that is a noble history. This com-
pany can be trusted; and trusting to the gen-
erosity of Congress, it went to work and built
ships larger than were required by a thousand
tons burden, expecting that this generosity and
enterprise would be met in a liberal spirit.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator must ad-
journ the Senate, I hope there will be a short
executive session ; but I would very much pre-
fer that the Senator should not take this course
on this measure, but let us come to a vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS, and others. Finish this
resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whaT the
Senator from California alludes to by saying
"the Senator should take this course." I do
not want to avoid a vote on this bill, but it is
now half past four o'clock, and it is the ordi-
nary time for the Senate to adjourn—past that
time—and I make the motion for that reason.
I am ready to vote on the bill to-night.
Mr. COYNESS. What I meant when I said
"take this course" and "adjourn the Sen-
ate," was to adjourn action on this measure.
I presumed that was his object; but I shall not
object so much to going into executive session
as to adjourning.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing. I move, then,
that the Senate now proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 2, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
order os business.
The SPEAKER. The first, business in order
is the call of States and Territories for bills
and joint resolutions on leave for reference
to appropriate committees, not to be brought
back into the House by motions to reconsider,
beginning with the State of Maine. "
punishment 01? bribery and corruption.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill to protect the
public credit and prevent bribery and corrup-
tion; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on the.Judiciary.
guardian society, district of columbia.
Air. RICE, of Alaine, introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to incorporate
the Guardian Society and provide for reform-
ing juvenile offenders in the District of Colum-
bia;" also, an act entitled "An act granting
ceftain privileges to the Guardian Society,
District of Columbia ;" which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to
be printed.
canal in california.
Air. BIDWELL introduced a bill to aid in
the construction of a canal in the counties of
Tehamo, Colusa, Yola, and Solano, State of
California; which was read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic -Lands.
lieutenant henry c..pearson.
Mr. COFE\ROTH introduced a bill for the
relief of Lieutenant Henry C. Pearson ; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on Alilitary Affairs.
samuel s. greene.
Air. MILLER introduced a bill for the relief
of Samuel S. Greene, late lieutenant of the
third Pennsylvania volunteer cavalry; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on Alilitary Affairs.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for bills and joint resolutions hav-
ing been concluded, the next business in order
during the morning hour is the call- of States
and Territories for resolutions.
protection of unionists south.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the call for the previous question upon
a preamble and resolution submitted on last
Monday by the gentleman from Maine, [Air.
Pkrham,] action upon which was suspended
by the close of the morning hour.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas Captain John E. Bryant, recently of the
county of Oxford, in the State of Maine, was, a few
weeks since, brutally assaulted and his life greatly
endangered in the streets of Augusta, Georgia, by a
citizen of that State, because, as is reported, of the
efforts the said Bryant had made forthe elevation of
the colored people of that State and the part he boro
in a movement to decorate with flowers the graves of
the soldiers who fell in tho defense of the Union
cause; and whereas it is reported that Captain C. 0.
Richardson, of tho same county of Oxford, was, on
the 12th instant, attacked at Thomasvillc, Georgia,
by a man named Lightfoot, by whom he had been
ordered to leave the town, and shotthrough tfie neck
and hand; and whereas both of these gentlemen
served the country with distinguished ability and
bravery during the war, and are now entitled to the
protection due to American citizens in the State of
Georgia, which they assisted in saving to tho country
by their valor, and in which thoy are attempting to
establish themselves in the practice of their profes-
sion and make their future homes ; and whereassim-
llar eases to those lecited above are understood to be-
ot frequent occurrence in the States lately in rebel-
lion, thus rendering it extremely hazardous for north-
ern men to attempt to settle there; and whereas the
Richmond Examiner, a paper published in Rich-
mond, Virginia, and receiving the patronage of the
Administration, being one of the papers designated
to publish the laws of Congress, in its issue of May
4, 1866, used the following langiiage:
" Tub Shriek of Cowabds.—No better proof of
