552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
given to whisky-drinking, snuff-dipping, clay-
eating, incest, and all manner of social vices.
Not one in a thousand of them can read; not
one in ten thousand can write j'1 and h e said that
lie "had met many who had never been a book
or newspaper, uidsonie who had never hea^d of:
a Bible or*a spelling-book."
Mr. B* G. Truman, an accredited correspond-
ent of that journal, in a letter to the New York
Times, dated Montgomery. Alabama, October
23, 1865, said:
44 There is a el ass of beings in all the southern States
known as poor whites. The little monosyllabic ad-
jective does not give the faintest idea ot theso things
with bodies and souls. How under the heavens they
live is a question for thephUanthropisf, if indeed that
paragon of bcnevolence has ever visited the region
m which they exist—the 'homes' ofthe poor whites.
In a visit to Spanish Fort a fow days a;;o in company
with a naval officcrwe stopped at the 'shebang' of
one of these species. Most of these poor whites arc
natives. Theindividual whom wo called upon, how-
ever, was a Scandinavian, but had lived in the place
we found him for thirty years. For a long time he
made his living by manufacturing turpentine; but
the trees ran out years ago, and smcc then he has
lived upon what ho has raised, buying nothing but
sugar and coffee, for which he traded chickens and
eggs. His wife was of the icgular mold, lean and
long, with seven little children by her side, and apipe
in her mouth. I told her Twasa newspaper corre-
spondent, and she did not know what that was. I
endeavored to explain, and found that she did not
know what a newspaper was, andi/cl she raids* within
twenty miles of Mobile. The husband could not read
or write-his name, but could drink like a fish. Both
husband and wile h:ul on wooden shoes, while the
children exhibited no feet covering except what
nature had provided tor them.
"Throughout tho southern portion of Alabama,
Upon both sides ofthe river, is what is known as the
'piney woods country.* It is one of the most barren
sections I'have ever seen. Neither corn nor cot)oa
will grow to any extent. Sweet potatoes arc the chief
product, and this vegetable and biieon. and a lit rlccoi n
broad, form tlio bill ol fare morning, noon, and night
all the year jotind. These p"ople are s.aftcrod all
through the-e pincy woods, and live in log huts wbk h
in a way protect them from tbe tempestuous weather
and violent stoims of -wind and rain which howl
through this barren waste during certain peiiods of
tho year. Oh, how T pity these poor being** who have
boon the recipients of uncounted woes and unheard-
of sufferings during tho long, long years of Afnean
slavery 1"
And Dixon, the traveling correspondent of
the Boston Daily Advertiser, whose admirable
letters prove him to bo a keen observer and
faithful reporter, writing from Fort Valley,
Georgia, November lo, said:
"Whether the North Carolina Mirt-e.lter/or the
South Oaro'ina 'saud-hiihu,' or the Georgia 'cracker,'
is lowest in ihe so.tie of human existence would be
difficult to say. 'The ordma i y plan tat ion in-"-! o **'cmcd
to me, when I liivawhim in anv numbciv, at the
very hot torn of not only probability--, but also po ni-
hilities, so far as they nil act human ielntion-=; but
these speeimAns of tho white r«i"o must, beuedited
with having readied a.vet lower depth of squalid ;md
and beastly wretchedness. llov.ever poor or igno-
rant or unclean or imn -o\ ident he maybe, I never
yet found a negro who had not at a vague de-dro
for a hotter condition, an undefined longine, Ibrsome-
thing called freedom, a shrewd instinct ot self-pres-
ervation. These t hi eo ideas, or, lot. me say, shadows
of ideas, do not make the cieatmc a man, but fhev
lift him out ofthe bound-* of bnn odoin. The («eoi <>ia
'cracker,' as I h.tro seen him siia.e leaving MilJedge-
ville, j'eou)< to nm to ?j( k not only all thai the neu'i-o
docs, but aho even tho dosne for a bet'er condition,
and (ho vajruc b>m;ing toi an otd ir/,e;iient oi hi- lib-
erties and h s rebuts. I walked out into the counhv
back of Ubany and Andcrsoeville, v.'hen el tho e
places, and into the country back of Fort Valley tins
morning: and on each oei';;.-.ion r fell in wifh three
or four of the-e'cryker'fbiniiicM. Such filfln pov-
erty, such fou! isii'u*arice, such idiotic imbecility, such
bestial instincts, sie-h groveling desire-, such mean
longings, you v> 'i.dd ^uesi uvn my vevacvi y ,\-< a "mar. if
I wero to paint the picture* 1 have seen! Moreover,
no trick of -words can make plain the scene in ami
around one oi th<\-c habitation.-; no fertility ot lan-
guage can embody the simple f.icN for a northern
mind; and ihe case is one in which even seeingitself
is scarcely bene. ins-, lime and eiiwi! will lead the
negro up to intelligent manhood; but 1 almost doubt
if it will bo possible to ever lift this 'white trash'into
respectabihi y,''
Sir, is not tho gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Vooriuses] mistaken in asserting that free trade
"is the true theory of government,1' and can
a policy which produces such results as J have
depicted be wise? Can we rely on it to pay
the interest on our debt, to meet the pen-
sions we owe to those who have been disabled
in our service, or to the widows and children,
or aged and dependent parents, of those who
have laid down iheir livcsm our cause? Such
free trade us he advocates can produce but one
result; and that L bankruptcy, personal, cor-
porate, State, and national. It is against the
laws of nature and die providence of God. It
involves as a necessary consequence idleness
for one half the year to all, ami for all the year
to many of our people who would find adequate
and remunerative employment under a system
of diversified labor.
now EKGLAXD ESTABLISHED HER SUPREMACY.
The propositions I have enunciated are not
deduced from our experience alone. All his-
tory affirms them. Other nations have tried
free trade and ever with the same result. Eng-
land, the workshop of the world and mistress
of the seas as she proclaims herself, tried it,
and from the time of Alfred to that of Edward
the Confessor, sold her skins for a sixpence,
and bought back the tails l'or a shilling, by ex-
changing her unwrought wool for Dutch and
Flemish clothing; and the question as to how
population might he prevented fiom exceeding
the ability of the land to feed the people per-
plexed her rulers throughout the long period.
Even so late as the thirty-sixth year of Eliz-
abeth's reign a law was enacted against "the
erecting and maintaining of cottages," which,
after reciting that "great inconveniences have
been found by experience to grow by erecting
and building of great numbers and multitudes
of cottages which are daily more and more in-
creased in many parts of this realm'' enacts that
no such tenement shall be erected unless four
acres of land be attached to it. And Charles
I, in 1030, issueda proclamation u against build-
ing houses on new foundations in London or
Westminster, or within three miles of the city
orking's palaces.:' This proclamation also for-
bade tho receiving of inmates in the houses
which would multiply the inhabitants to such
an excessive numberthat (hey could neither be
governed uoi fed. The population of England
ha* quadrupled since then, and her modern cap-
italists, regarding labor as raw material, main-
tain a supply in sufficient excess of the demand
to cheapen it to the lowest point, to which end
the British islands raise a quarter of a million
of people, chiefly Irish, for annual exportation,
feeding them in their unproductive infancy and
childhood; yet ihe English people are better fed,
clothed, housed, and paid than they ever were
before.
The change lias been wrought by the diver-
sification of her industry, which has been ac-
complished by so legislating' as to set at work
all the poor of England with the growth of her
own lands; andthe contrast whi<-h Ireland pre-
peuls. ofvoars of famine and an industrious peo-
ple, whose attachment to their native land is
intense, fleeing by millions from the homes of
their childhood and the graves of their ances-
tors, is the result of that one-sided free trade
which England ha-, foicod upon her since the
Union, by which her woolen, v. orsied. silk, cot-
ton, and linen f.tc'orios have been di'-tioyed.
IVofeeted by Iter lea'i-'lat'ou of 17M, these and
ot her brunches ofdi n-i si h-^d imlnst ry were pros-
perous and her peopl" contented ai rite date of
tbe [ nion. !>utEnghsh fi eo trad'-h«jvinu done
its^o'-k nothing is now of so little value in
Ireland as an able-bodied laborer with a good
appetite. Let him who would understand the
causes ofthe miseries of the Iri.di people and
the depopulation of their country read the
thirteenth chapter of Hotiry C. Carey's Slave
Trade, Domestic and Foreign. It is a brief
story but. pregnant with instruction.
1 cannot tell, sir, when England first deter-
mined to abandon dependence on the produc-
tion and exportation of raw materials, but find
by reference to MeCallagh's Industrial Ilisiojy,
page 7 J-, that in 1-337 she passed an act imposing
"A duty of forty shillings per sack on all -noul ex-
ported by native men haHh and M\ty shillings on all
exported by ibroijrnos*. The next venr a Parliament
■was held at Westminster that went st'll furtherm the
snnve dirccnon, enacting that no wool of Emdish
^riowHi should be transported beyond sesus and that
all < loth-workcr=i siiould be received, from whatever
parts they shou'd <• mie, and lit places should bo a«-
sitev'd them wail tin eis hbei i ies and pi ivileires, and
that thev -^honld h; ve a certain allowuv-e from the
knii. until they might be in a way of living by their
trade."
While England remained a purely agricultu-
ral country her capitalists encountered the diffi-
culties which those of the South have to over-
come, and Wade, in his History of the Middle
and Working Classes, page ol, says:-
"In the year 1370 we have evidence of a strong dis-
position to vagrancy amour; laborers, in a complaint
of thclloupe of Commons that masters are obliged to
give their servants hkh wages to prevent, their 3 un-
nino'away; thatmanyof therunawaysturnedbo^^ars
and lived idle lives in cities and boroughs, although
they have sufficientbodily strength togainalivehho<-d
if willing to work, and that the chief part turned oufe
sturdy rogues, infesting1 the kingdom with frequent
robberies."
There are those who utter such complaints
in our days, and especially deplore the fact that
they u are compelled to give their servants high
wages to prevent their running away." At a
meeting of the planters of Marlboro' district,
South Carolina, the proceedings of which I find
reported at length, and properly attested, in
the Charleston Daily News of December (j, the
following, with many like resolutions, were
adopted:
"Jtcsolvcrf, That, if inconsistent with the views of
the authorities to remove the militai y, cxpi ess the
opinion that the plan of the military to compel the
frcedman to contract with his former owner, wherr
desired by the latter, is wise, prudent, and absolutely
nccepsary.
"Resolved, That we, tho planters of the district,
pledge ourselves not to contract with any frcedman
unless ho can produce a certificate of regului dis-
charge from his former owner.
M ticnohedj That under no-circumstances whatsoever
will we rent land to any freedmcn, nor will we permit
them to live on our premises as employes.
"JicHoUfd, That no system can be devised for the
prcsentwhich can secure mcecf-swhere the disciplino
and management of the frecdraan is entirely taken
out of the hniids of the planter, and wo invoke the
authorities to recognizc this fact, which cannot but
be apparent to them.
" llcHtlcd, Tha t we request the mil it 01-3- toeensetho
habit of ma knur ncgiocs ac t as courier^, sheriiis, and
constables, to serve writs and noiices upon planners—
a system so dcstiuctivo to good ordei aud discipline."'
It is evident that neither-the thunders of Oill-
more's '• swamp angel," nor the howl of her
ponderous shells, had sufliced to awaken those
somnolent gentlemen to consciousness of th&
fact that the fourteenth century had passed in
the Palmetto State.
Englishmen in those early days exhibited the
same elements of character as the negroes of
our days, showing that however the complex-
ion of races may differ, the impulses and yearn-
ings of humanity are the same in all times and
among the children of all climes. Each man
embraces the elements of perfect manhood and
the i^erin of every human faculty and emotion;
and the Africo-American, in his new-found free-
dom, desires, as did the English laborer of the*
fourteenth century, to work for whom ho pleases,
at what he feels he can work best, and in the
field which will give him the amplest reward.
Slight as the stimulants applied to British
' manufacturing industry by parliamentary pro-
tection had then been, they caused the land-
holders to manhest as much anxic'y for des-
, potic centred over the laboring people as do
tin' pardoned rebels ofthe South; and Wade
i toils us that the comphuuts of the Commons m
1 iwO furnish evidence of the competition v-hieh
; had commenced between rural and manufae-
; turing industry at that day, and that—
! "To avoid the statutes passed some years before for
i compelling tho^o uho hud been brought up to the
! plow till thev were tvichc years ofacre to eontiorcm
: hu-'baudn all then lives, agricultural h/b(/re hadre-
: course to the expedient of sending theirchildrer into
cities and hoi ouch-, and hmdim? them nppj entices
wfKT they were undei that ace; and that iurthcr, in
I order to counteract this, it wns enacted that no pcr-
; «o?i, uole.-.- pi>;-o^eil ofIar,<l of d rental of twenty shil-
' hn';s a year should bind children of anv age apprcn-
te tv to any trade or mv-ter> within a city, bur 'hr.t
; the , hihlien rhould be brought up in the occupation
1 et thfir parents, or other business suited to their con-
dition;-/'
| But oven in those dark days the British Gov-
! eminent seems to have been more enlightened
, tlnm they -who claim the right to legislate for
; the South, or Brevet Brigadier General Ful-
lorton, late Commissioner of tho Ereedmen s
j Bureau at Xew Orleans: for it provided that
such children wore nevertheless to be allowed
to ho sent to a school in any part of the king-
dom ; which their proposed legislation ^and
: his arbitrary orders for the government of the
