1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
the statement of the gentleman. I now learn
for the first time that he dissented from the
conclusions of that report. I lmow that a
majority of the committee present at its last
meeting authorized me to make the report, as
the records of the meeting will show. Of
course what the gentlgman now states in re-
gard to his own opinion is correct.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Before the report
was submitted to the House, I was asked by a
member of the committee, the late Henry Win-
ter Davis, whether I would be willing to sign
the report. I told him that I would not be;
that I did not agree with the conclusions of
the committee as set forth in the report, and
the resolution accompanying it.
LEAVE or ABSENCE.
Mr. GEIDER asked leave of absence for
himself for two weeks from next Wednesday.
Leave was granted.
The SPEAKER asked leave of absence for
Mr. Lawrence, of Pennsylvania.
Leave was granted.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, a great vari-
ety of opinions upon the great questions grow-
ing out of the rebellion, and which have arisen
since the surrender of the rebel armies, have
been expressed here and by the press and peo-
ple of the country.
The questions mostly discussed have been
the relations of the rebel States to the Govern-
ment ; what rights of the people of the rebel
States were lost by or have survived the rebel-
lion ; what rights have flie people of the rebel
States now; should the rebel States bo at once
admitted into the Union on an equal footing
with the loyal States; and if admitted, what
authority has the right to pass upon the ques-
tion, the President or Congress?
The President in his annual message, in his
veto message to the Froedmen's Bureau bill, and
on various occasions has assumed the ground
that ho has brought the rebel Slates to the
doors of Congress, and in a condition to be ad-
mitted into the Union on an equal footing with
the other States; that each House simply judges
of the returns and qualifications of persons
sent here, and that the powers of Congress
over all these great questions pertaining to the
condition of the rebel States end with the per-
formance of this clerical duty; or, in other
words, that the President, amfnot Congress, is
to judge and decide as to the condition and loy-
alty of the southern States, and whether they
arc in a condition to be admitted into the Union;
and upon this question and its' consequences
the President appeals to the people.
Sustaining tlio views of t,lie President we find
the broken remnants of the old Democratic
party, the men who lor the last five years re-
viled and abused Andrew Johnson and Abra-
ham Lincoln ; also we find every man, includ-
ing James Buchanan and Franklin Pierce, who
has sympathized with treason; also we find
on the same side every man who has served in
the rebel firing against the flag of his country,
and traitors N orih and South and everywhere,
sustaining the President's policy.
On the other side you find the grand Union
column of true Union men, all over the loyal
States, unbroken and unwavering, sustaining
Congress, and in a voice that has even pene-
trated the \\ liito House, condemning the pol-
icy "t the President. J lie Union press every-
where, and the people in masses all over the
loyal States, proclaim and insist upon, as a con-
dition-precedent to the admission of the rebel
.States, indemnity for the past so far as that is
possible, but security for the future in some
form, so as to prevent rebellion in the future,
and give ample, full, and complete protection
to every one, without regard to race or color.
This was the doctrine upon which Lincoln and
Johnsonwere elected. The Union party every-
where avowed these principles, and the Union
members of this _ Congress were sent here
pledged to maintain these principles, and we
cannot ignore them without stultifying our-
selves ana betraying the people who elected us.
If there is any question in which the people
have more interest or feel more intensely than
another, it is that the fruits of our victories,'
won by so many precious sacrifices of blood
and treasure, shall not be lost; that treason
shall be made odious; that southern institu-
tion's shall be purified, and that liberty and
equality should be secured "to all. This is the
reasonable hope, expectation, and demand of
the people.
How has it been met by the Democratic
party in this House? Every measureforthc pur-
pose of ascertaining the condition of the people
of the rebel States, for the purpose of protect-
ing the freedmen and Union citizens in those
States, to secure their civil rights, for the pur-
pose of establishing liberty and equality on the
principles of the Declaration of Independence,
and every measure that tended to the disfran-
chisement and punishment of rebels, has been
uniformly and steadily opposed by them.
Their votes are here recorded, and will stand
as perpetual evidence of their injustice, preju-
dice, and illiberally. They oppose all amend-
ments to the Constitution because it would take
away the power of the southern States to prac-
tice injustice and to pass infamous laws for the
oppression of largo classes of their own citizens.
The Opposition maintain and avowhere the
monstrous doctrine that we should forget and
forgive the past terrible acts of traitors ; that
the lest oath should be repealed; that the
States lately in rebellion should at onco be
admitted on an equality with the loyal States,
and that they are willing to take the blood-
stained hand of the southern rebel and receive
him with open arms and call him brother.
This is the policy of the Opposition and the
President, and upon which the now party is to
be formed.
Upon this policy their shattered and depleted
ranks are to be filled. This policy will bring
tCPtheir aid the whole of Lee's and Johnston's
armies, all the predatory hordes arid guerrill"a
bands in the rebel States, and every traitor
everywhere. It will bring also into this and
the other House some seventy members, and
with these accessions they hope to triumph
over the Union party and to again transfer the
Government into the hands of those who have
for the past four years been attempting to de-
stroy it. This is their programme and only
hope of success.
It is for the Union members of Congress to
decide whether this stupendous fraud upon the
rights <51" the people shall succeed.
The President till recently has had the con-
fidence of the Union party. No honorable
man for a moment could believe that he would
desert the party who defended him against the
assault of traitors, and clccted him to the posi-
tion ho now holds.
Ingratitude in all ages of the world has been
regarded a crime of so damning a character
that no man has ever been willing to acknowl-
edge himself guilty of it. And yet. in my opin-
ion, Andy Johnson will go down to posterity,
not only as the betrayer of his party, hut as an
ingrate, infamous in all time to come to all hoar
orablc men. All the instincts of Andy John-
son are intensely southern. He hates the north-
ern man as intensely as does Davis or Toombs,
Beauregard or Lee. This the southern people
know. Hence their confidence in Johnson. In
my opinion it is, to say the least, unfortunate
that any man with intense southern feeling3 and
instincts should at this time be at the head of
this Government. The pernicious consequences
may require the work of ages to correct and
overcome.
The Democratic party knew the President
and his instincts better than the Union party.
The Union party thought him true, honest,
and patriotic, but in this have they not been
shamefully deceived and betrayed?
The ^Democratic party have said from the
beginning that the President would desert the
party which elected him, and would return to
his first love—Democracy.
Since the death of Mr. Lincoln the bearing
of that parly has been defiant, arrogant, and
supercilious. -Their conduct, as well as that
of leading rebels in the South, has for a long
time shown that there was an understanding
that upon the first favorable opportunity the
thin veil that covered the Union pretensions
of the President should be thrown off, that
the Union party and its principles should be
discarded, and that the President was to fall
into the arms of the Democratic party, Now,
sir, what has time developed? Nobody pre-
tends that the Union party in Congress have
proposed measures or departed from the prin-
ciples upon which they were elected. They
were pledged to every measure that has been
proposed in Congress—-constitutional amend-
ments, Freedmen's Bureau bill, and the other
measures. They were all discussed before the
people in 1864, and indorsed by overwhelming
majorities at the polls.
But the President on these questions differs
with the Union party, and Democrats, cop-
perheads, and rebels agree with the President,
and Democratic meetings and rebel newspa-
pers from one end of the land to the other in-
dorse the President. Somebody has changed,
anditisnotthe Union party; besides, that party
does not intend to change. The appeal has
been made to the people. The people are true,
honest, and patriotic. They hate treason and
traitors. They love justice, liberty, and fair
dealing. They are intelligent, and can under-
stand all the elements in these great questions.
They expect, and I hope will not be disap-
pointed, that the Union members will be true
to their pledges, themselves, and the country,
and unawed by power or patronage.
Now, sir, let us sec what is the real condition
of things in regard to the rebel States.
After the collapse of the confederacy the
people of the South did not expect soon to be
admitted as equals with the loyal States, but
rather expected to be treated and considered
as conquered provinces. They felt and knew
that they had forfeited all their rights under the
Constitution, and that they were traitors and
entitled to no rights except what the laws of
war and the grace of the conqueror gave them.
That life and property was all they asked and
more than they deserved.
Such were the feelings and sentiments of
the southern people and the rebel armies at
the time of their surrender. Such also was the
almost universal sentiment of the people in the
northern States. Nobody for a moment sup- •
posed that as soon as the rebels laid down their
arms they would be clamorous for all their
former rights without conditions or security for
the future. It is almost impossible of belief that
the traitors who have always haled the Union,
and would hang every Union man if they could,
should desire, on laying down their arms, to at
once come back to the hated Union.
But the rebellion had hardly ceased before
the Democracy of the loyal f|fcates proclaimed
the heresy that the rebel Stateshad lost nothing
by the rebellion ; that on the cessation of hos-
tilities all the former rights of the States revived,
and that they had the same rights as any loyal
State. Also the lenient and impolitic acts of
the Government, by the wholesale pardon of
leading rebels, restoration of rebel property,
the encouragement to form State governments,
with the statement that they would be admitted
into the Union at once, and the appointment
of notorious rebels to office all over the South
from Governors down, have entirely changed
thehopes, sentiments, and aspirations of south-
ern leaders, and they now imperatively and
offensively demand admission into the Union
upon an equal footing with the other States.
And we have been told by a Senator from one
of the border States, and by some of the lead-
ing Democratic press of the North, that if
this is not done and at once, force may be used
and would be justified. Such is the arrogance,
impudence, and threats that are being used for
the purpose of overawing Congress. This mon-
strous attempt at fraud will be fully met by true
men everywhere and rebuked as it deserv es.
The vice president of the late southern con-
federacy and other rebels admit that they have
