1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
laboring people of Louisiana would effectually
prohibit.
These stupid parliamentary restrictions on
the freedom of laborers were not to endure for-
ever, and the progress of England in the de-
velopment of her resources has been marked
by a constantly-growing system of protection,
not always judicious, sometimes infringing the
rights o'f the subject, but tending constantly to
build up th"e power of the kingdom, increase
the material comfort of the subject, and give
her ascendency over the nations of the world.
In 1727 Dean Swift, appealing to the Irish
people in behalf of Ireland, said:
" One cause of a country's thriving is the indus-
try of the people in working up all their native coin-
moditicsto the last; another, the convcniency ofsafe
ports and havens io carry out their goods, as much
manufactured, and bring those of others as hulem&n-
utactured, as the nature of mutual commerce will al-
low; another, the disposition of the people of the
country to wear their own manufactures and import
as little clothing, furniture, food, or drink as they can
conveniently live without."
These were not abstract notions with him,
for by that time England had become thoroughly
protective in her policy, and was increasing in
population, wealth, and power; while Ireland,
though not wholly disregarding the necessitv of
protecting her own workmen and developing
tier resources, exhibited a tendency to be gov-
erned by that plausible but shallowest of eco-
nomical sophisms which teaches that it is wise,
regardless of all other circumstances and con-
ditions. to buy where we can buy for least money
and sell where we can sell for most, and was
sinking in the scale of national consideration.
How protective England had become, is illus-
trated by the fact that from having for many
centuries exchanged lier raw wool for manu-
factured cloths, she had in 1GG0 prohibited
the exportation of unmanufactured wool. This
prohibition continued till 1825. And to protecl
her silk manufacturer.- , from 17C5 to 182(5, she
prohibited the importation of silk goods manu-
factured in other countries, and confirmed the
parliamentary prohibition by a reservation in
the treaty of commerce concluded with France
in 17S(i. She also prohibited the export of
tools and machines used in vaiious branches of
manufactures. In lOOiS she prohibited by spe-
cial act of Parliament the exportation of Lee's
stocking-frame—a machine invented nearly a
century before. She also prohibited by various
acts the exportation of certain machinery used
in woolen, silk, cotton, and linen manufactures.
Such favor did protection to English labor lind
that her laws prohibiting exportation were made
to embrace presses or dies for iron buttons, en-
gines for covering whips, tools for punching
glass; in fact, anything for which it was thought
worth while on the part of any class of manu-
facturers or mechanics to seek protection at the
hands of the Legislatuie by securing English-
men a monopoly of the implements required
for the production of their goods.
And when, in 182-1, a commission, created to
inquire into the expediency of repealing these
prohibitions, reported generally in favor of the
repeal, it was unable to recommend Ihcir un-
conditional abrogation, but qualified the sugges-
tion bv recommending that the Privy Council
should continue to exercise their discretion in
permitting the exportation of such tools and
machinery then prohibited as might appear to
them not likely to be prejudicial to the trade or
manufactures of the Laiited Kingdom, "be-
cause it is possible that circumstances may
exist v.hich may render a prohibition to export
certain tools and machines used in some par-
ticular manufactures expedient.'' To justify
even this conditional repeal the commission
set foith the advantages England had deri\cd
from the proteciiou of her infunt or feeble in-
dustries in the following language:
" Placed hevond all comparison at the head of civ-
: 0 Ml as regard- aaaa a aaai ing o:!Ii, vith ra^itnl
/V MM dilute //at,'! ii 'a; a nil ntla-r aciiil-
with Uie-'U and inexhaustible suophes ot iron and
fuel and Willi involutions evrty v.'.iy favorable to tl.o
development of the industry and ir.aennity-of her
ciU'a >>'- a - aa a : laa a - lac f>blc at lea.-t to aaa a aa a
llCi' rlaenai'ty a position where eh'c«u"a'a:iu's aie
ill other scspeets equal, and bo ready to tarn to tlio
utmost advantage every improvement which may
reach her in common with her less powerful rivals."
It was not, we perceive, until by adequate
protection to her labor she had kept the bal-
ance of trade in her favor long enough to make
capital so abundant as to secure a steady and
ample supply of money at low rates of interest;
and by setting all her people to work on the
growth of her lands had trained artisans and
accumulated an abundance of superior ma-
chinery, which had paid for itself by profits on
its use, that England was willing to admit the
labor of the world to compete with that em-
ployed in her varied industries.
Nor had she resorted to these devices alone
in her progress to this assured position, for an
English writer, Porter, on the Progress of the
Nation, says:
"Previous to 18115 the jealousy of our Legislature in
regard to the progress ot foreign manufactures was
extended so far as to interfere even with the natural
right of working artisans to transfer their industry to
countries where it could he most protkably exerted.
Any man who had acquired a practical knowledge of
manufacturing processes was thereby rendered apris-
oner in iiis own country, and not only might the arm
of the law be interposed to prevent his quitting his
native shores, but heavy penalties were imposed on
all persons who should abet the expatriation of one
of our artisans."
EXGLAX1) PREACHES BUT DOES NOT PRACTICE FREE
TRADE.
These, however, were not the most effective
means by which England has protected her cap-
ital and augmented her power. While prohibit-
ing the exportation of tools and machines, and
restraining her skilled workmen lroin emigrat-
ing. she was, from so early as 1307, as we have
already seen, encouraging by special grants and
privileges the artisans of other countries to bring
with them (lie implements of their industry and
employ them within her limits. Ilei policy is
unchanged. The free trade she pioelahns is
theoretical, plausible, and delusive. Ider rev-
enue laws, and her treaty stipulations, however
laaaai L a. ith France, Portugal, trie United States,
and other countries, if they treat of the question
of trade, guard the manufactures of England
against the competition of those of any foreign
nation.
The world hailed her welcoming of foreign
grain as a step toward really reciprocal free
tiade. Her statesmen, however, saw in it a
master-stroke by which her manufacturing su-
premacy would be maintained. Sir itobert r'eel
knew that the manufactures of England were
the source ofherpowcr; that cheap food for her
laborers was an element of cheap production :
that so long as other nations would employ her to
manufacture their raw maierials it was imma-
terial whether she raided any grain at all: and
that every acre of her arable land not required to
raise green vegetables and the soft fruits which
do not bear transportation, might be appro-
priated to sheep walks and pasturage, and.
through her well-protcctcd and diversified in-
dustry she would draw from the prairies of the
United States, the banks of the Nile, and the.
shores of the Baltic a supply of food far more
generous than the insular dimensions of Eng-
land could possibly yield.
Her policy is lo undersell all others. To do
this she must depress the wages ot labor, and
to accomplish this she must provide her labor-
ing people at the lowest possible prices wiili
the simple and coarse fare on which her low
wanes compel them to live. To have retained
the duties on grain would have been, in solar,
to tax raw materials, a  we do, and she is too
astute for that. She wants cheap food for her
slaves as the southern nlanteis <hd for theirs,
and gets it as ihoy did by forcing British free
trade on the American people. She is the foe
of the working-men of every country, and im-
pairs their wages by depressing those ot the
men upon whoso toil h.er own power depends.
She profit's the capital of England as we wish
to protect the labor, ingenuity, and enterprise
of the American people. Her aim is to be the
workshop of the world, and to bind the )>eopie
of all other lands io the rude employments of
unskilled agriculture.
The agricultural interest resisted the repefal,
of the corn laws. _ To admit grain duty free-it
was said would ruin the farmers and lessen the
market and taxable value of the land of th®
kingdom. But her experience lias demon-
strated the laws of social science and proved tie
harmony of interests by increasing the agricul-
tural products of England in a ratio equal to
the increased amount of her import of iaw
material and the extent of her'home market.
FREE TRADE EXHAUSTS LAND AND IJIPOVBRXSIlijlS
FARMERS. ;
I have said, sir, that a nation cannot prosper
by comm erce and agriculture alone; and our bit-
ter experience ofwasted lands and oft-recurring
bankruptcy contrasted with the steadily increas-
ing affluence of the agriculturists of England
confirms the fact. Let us examine this question.
We boast ourselves an agricultural people and
are content to look to nations beyond the seas
for the fabrics we consume and a market for onr
products. Not having a home market we can-
not diversify our crops, but must, confine our 
selves to the production of those commodities
which will keep long and bear transportation.
Wheat, corn, pork, cotton, rice, tobacco, and
hemp are our great staples, and our crops, omit-
ting those produced within a radius around the
large cities, narrowing as they diminish in im-
portance, diminishfromyeartoyear, while those
of England, stimulated and varied by a home
market, increase so wonderfully that science
pauses before declaring that she has yet ascer-
tained the measure of wealth a single well-fed
acre under scientific culture will yield.- The
virgin soil of America gives back to the fanner
at least thirty bushels of wheat to the acre; and
in his early crops he docs not fear the Hessian
flv, the midge, weevil, or any insect-destroyer of
grain. In the old wheat-growing States remote
from cities, the same amount of labor bestowed
upon an acre is rewarded by but seven or at
best ton bushels, and the fanner regards him-
self as lucky whose fields are not visited once
in three years by some of the deadly foes to
wheat—the insects that live and swarm upon the
diseased juices of feeble grain, the offspring of
famished soil. The most carcfully-prcpared
tables I have been able to find give twelve bush-
els or less as the average "wheat crop per acre
of America.
In England the fields are enriched by the
bones, woolen rags, and other nutritious ma-
nures which we export: the grain crop is fol-
lowed by a green crop, or those vegetables, the
tops of which absorb from the atmosphere and
return to the earth the aliment abstracted by
cereals, and the amount of labor which, when
England was a purely agricultural country,
drew but from twelve to fifteen bushels of
wheat from an acre, is now rewarded by from
thirty-eight to forty-three bushels, or the equiv-
alent thereof in roots for the sustenance of
man and beast. Under our exhausting pro-
cess of dragging or torturing from the earth
the last elements of the white crop, and our
exportation of stimulants and manures, our
very fruit crop is disappearing. The diseased
trees of the orchard, the apple, the pear, the
plum, blossom and bring forth fruit, and the
borer, the curculio, and others of the insect
tribe that are sent to scourge us into good
husbandry, revel in it, and it falls before ma-
turity as if to give some subsistence to the
starved stem that gave it its sickly life. This
is no fancy sketch. In endeavoring io sell in
the dearest money markets and buy where wo
can buy for least money, we have sold the very
life of our acres and mortgaged ourselves to a
class of middle-men, mostly foreigners, who
take the results of our industry as the price of
carrying our products to market and bringing
us the few and inferior commodities—the tails
—we receive in return for our skins. Our iife
is an inevitable game of cross purposes. Am-
bitious of commercial impoilance we produce
only raw materials and can have no commerce,
but must enhance the maritime power of our
rival by employing her ships, sailors, and mer-
