1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2577
would be better executed and we should hear
less of collusion and fraud and corruption in
the administration of the law. I trust, there-
fore, that the amendment which [ have offered
will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust that the amendment
will not prevail. There are a great many dis-
tricts in which the renting of an office is not
necessary; yet under this amendment $300 for
this item would be paid in all cases. If the
amendment should not prevail I shall offer an
amendment striking out in line two hundred
and eighty-nine the words "a sum "and insert-
ing " such sum as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may approve." I think that this will
make the provision more acceptable to the
House and perhaps to the gentleman from New
York.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to amend by
striking out in line two hundred and eighty-nine
the words "a sum" and inserting in lieu
thereof the words, " such sum as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall approve;"
so that the clause will read :
And the several assistant assessors in eitics of
more than ten thousand inhabitants shall be allowed,
in the settlement of their accounts, such sum as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall approve,
not exceeding $300 per annum for office rent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
by inserting after the word "authorized" in
line three hundred and ten the following:
Provided further, That the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue may, under such regulations as may
be established by the Secretary of tho Treasury, after
due public notice, receive bids and contract for sup-
plying stationery, blank books and blanks to the
assessors, assistant assessors, and collectors in the
several collection districts.
Mr. Chairman, all other Departments of the
Government, I believe, are now required by
law to advertise for bids and contract with the
lowest bidder for materials of this sort. There
appears to be no reason why this Department
should not conform to the same rule.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to amend by
striking out in lines two hundred itnd eighty-
seven and two hundred and eighty-eight the
words ''in cities of more than ton thousand
inhabitants."
Sir, it is now provided by the second section
ihat in cities of more than ten thousand inhab-
itants there shall be allowed to the assistant
assessor, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, a sum not exceeding $300
per annum for office rent.
I think this distinction is invidious. I hap-
pen to reside in probably the smallest but cer-
tainly the oldest city in New England, and in
my judgment the most respectable one I am
acquainted with. [Laughter.] Now, the assist-
ant assessor in my district ought to have an
office as much as the assistant assessor in
New York. I am not aware why a man liv-
ing in the oldest city in New England should
do duty in his kitchen or in his parlor for the
public, instead of having an office for that pur-
pose. I do not know why those who live in
populous places are better entitled to have an
office than those who live in smaller places.
The latter certainly should be allowed some
reasonable sum for office rent. If you have a
population of nine thousand nine hundred and
ninety-nine under the law you can have no
allowance for office rent. It is a distinction in
a republican form of government I do not
believe in. I believe in every assessor being
on an equality in respect to having some place
where he can attend to his public duties. If I
were an assessor I am quite sure I would not
have an office'in my house, which, as my castle
and that of my family, must be held sacred, but
would like to have some place elsewhere as an
office. This distinction as to population is
wrong. I believe whether the population be
nine thousand or three hundred thousand the
assessor should have an office in which to do
his business.
The amendment was agreed to.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 162.
Mr. ALLISON". I move the followingamend-
menl in line three hundred and twenty-seven:
Amend section twenty-five by adding the following
at the end of the section :
Provided furthei\ That in calculating the commis-
sions of assessors and collectors of internal revenue
in districts whence cotton or distilled spirits are
shipped in bond, to be sold in another district, one
half the amount of tax received on the quantity of
cotton or spirits so shipped^ shall be added to the
amount on which the commissions of such assessors
and collectors are calculated; and a corresponding
amountshall be deducted fromtheamountson which
the commissions of the assessois and collectors of the
districts to which such cotton or spirits are shipped
arc calculated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section twenty-six be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that in the adjustment of the
accounts of assessors and collectors of internal rove-
nue which shall accrue after tho 30th of June, 1801,
and in the payment of their compensation for ser-
vices after that date, the fiscal year of the Treasury
shall be observed; and where such compensation, or
any part of it, shall be by commissions upon assess-
ments or collections, and shall during any year, in
consequence of a new appointment, bo duo to more
than one assessor or collector in the same district,
such commissions shall bo apportioned between such
assessors or collcctors; but in no case shall a greater
amount of theeommissionsbc allowed to two or more
assessors or collectors in the same district than is or
may be authorized by law to be allowed to one as-
sessor orcolloetor. And thesalary and commissions of
assessors and collcctors heretofore earned and accrued
shall be adjusted, allowed, and paid in conformity to
the provisions of this section, andnot otherwise; but
no payment shall be made to assessors or collectors
on account of salaries or commissions without tho cer-
tificate of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that
all reports required by law or regulation have been
received or that a satisfactory explanation has been
rendered to him of tho causc of the delay.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask unanimous
consent that this paragraph be reserved until
after we have come to the part relating to the
salaries.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I ask unanimous consent
to go back. I move to amend in the two hun-
dred and thirty-ninth line, so that it will read,
u where the receipts of the collection district
shall not exceed the sum of $100,000/' &c.
Mr. DARLING. I suggest to the gentleman
that he insert as follows : "Where the receipts
of the collection district shall not exceed
$100,000 one per cent." That wiU carry out
the gentleman's idea, and I think will be equi-
table.
Mr. STEVENS. I modify my amendment
as follows:
Strike out, in lino two hundred and forty, these
words: "Shall exceed §100,000 and," and also the
words "in excess of.''
Mr. MORRILL. That amendment has al-
ready been voted down when moved before by
the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Thayer.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as
follows:
That section twenty-eight be amended by striking
out ail after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that each of said collectors
shall, within twenty days after receiving his annual
collection list from the assessors, give notice, by ad-
vertisement published in each county in his collec-
tion district, in onenewspaperprintedin such county,
if any such there be, or otherwise in some newspaper
in any adjacent county, and by notifications to be
posted up in at least four public places in each county
in his collection district, that the said duties have
become due and payable, and state the time and
place within said county at which he or his .deputy
will attend to receive the same, which time shall not
be less than ten days after tho date of such notifica-
tion. Andifanypersonshallneglectto pay, as afore-
said, for more than ten days, it shall be the duty of
the collector or his deputy to issue to such person a
notice, to be left at his dwelling or usual place of
busin ess, or be sent by mail, demanding the payment
of said duties or taxes, stating the amount thereof,
with a fee of twenty cents for tho issuing and service
of such notice, and with four centsfor each mile actu-
ally and necessarily traveled in serving the same.
And if such, persons shall notpay the duties or taxes,
and the feeoftwenty cents and mileage as aforesaid,
within ten days after the service or the sending by
mail of such notice, it shall be the duty of the col-
lector or his deputy to collect th e said duties or taxes,
and fee of twenty cents and mileage, with a penalty
of tenper cent, additional upon the amountof duties.
And with respect to all sucn duties or taxes as are
not included in tho annual lists aforesaid, and all
taxes and duties the collection of which is not other-
wise provided for in this act, it shall be the duty of
each collector, in person or by deputy,-to demand
payment thereof, in the manner last mentioned,
within ten days from and after receiving the list
thereof from the assessor, or within twenty days from
and after the expiration of tho timc< within which
such duty or tax should have been paid; and if the
annual or other duties shall not be paid within ten
days from and after such demand therefor, it shall he
lawful for such collector oi his deputies to proceed to
collect the said duties or taxes, with ten per cent,
additional thereto, as aforesaid, by distraint andsalo
of the goods, chattels, or effects, including stocks,
securities, and evidences of debt, of the persons de-
linquent, as aforesaid. And in case of distraint it
shall be tho duty of the officer charged with the col-
lections to make, or cause to be made, an account of
the goods, chattels, or effects distrained, a copy of
which, signed by the officer making such distraint,
shall be left with the owner or possessor of such
goods, chattels, or effects, or at his or her dwell-
ing or usual place of business, with some person of
suitable age or discretion, if any such can bo found,
with a note of the sum demanded, and the time and
place of sale; and the said officer shall forthwith
cause a notification to bo published in some news-
paper within the county wherein said distraint is
made, if there is a newspaper published in said
county, or to be publicly posted up at the post office,
if there be one within five miles, nearest to the resi-
dence of tho person whose property shall be dis-
trained, and in not less than two other public places,
which notice shall specify the articles distrained, and
the time and place for the sale thereof, which timo
shall not be less than ton nor more than twenty days
from the date of such notification, and the place pro-
posed for s.ilc nut more than five miles distant from
tho plnee of making such distraint. And said sale
may he adjourned from time to timo by said officer,
if ho shall think it advisable to do so, but notfora
tnno to exceed in all thirty days. And in any casein
which any person, bank, association, company, or
corporation, required by law to make return to tho
Commissioner of Internal Itevcnuc, shall refuse or
neglect to make such return within the time speci-
fied, tho amount of tax or duty shall be estimated by
the proper assessor or assistant assessor, and shall bo
certified by him to the Commissioner. And in all
eases in which tho person, bank, association, com-
pany, or corporation, required by law to make pay-
ment of taxes to tho Commissioner, shall neglect or
refuse to make such payment within tho time re-
quired, the Commissioner shall certify tho amountof
tax due by such person, bank, association, or corpora-
lion, with all tho penalties, additions, and expenses
accruing to the collector of the proper district, who
shall collect the same by distraint and sale, as in other
eases. And the samo proceedings may bo had to en-
force the collection of taxes which have already ac-
crued and which still remain unpaid. And if any
person, bank, association, company, or corporation,
liable to pay any tax or duty, shall neglect or refuse
to pay the same after demand, the amount shall ho a
lien m favor of the UnitedStates from tho time ti uvs
duo until paid, with the interests, penalties, and <.-o>ls
that may accrue in addition thereto, upon all prop-
erty ami rights to property belonging to such person,
bank, association, company, or corporation; and tho
collector, after demand, may levy, or by warrant may
authorize a deputy collector to levy upon all property
and rights to property belonging to such person, bank,
association, company, or corporation, or on which
the said lien exists, for the payment of the sum duo
as aforesaid, with interest and penalty for non-pay-
ment, and also of such further sum as shall be suffi-
cient for the fees, costs, and expenses of such levy.
And. in all cases of sale, as aforesaid, the certificate
of such sale shall transfer to tho purchaser all right,
title, and interest of such delinquent m and to the
property sold: and where such property shall consist
of stocks, said certificate shall be notice, when re-
ceived, to any corporation, company, or association
of said transfer, and shall be authority to such cor-
poration, company, or association to record the same
on their books and records, in the same manner as if
transferred or assigned by the person or party hold-
ing tho same in lieu of any original or prior certifi-
cates, which shall be void, whether cancelled or not,
andsaid certificates, where the subject of'sale shall be
securities or other evidences of debt, shall be good and
validreoeipts to the person holding thosame, as against
any person holding, or claiming to hold, possession of
such securities or other evidences oi debt. And all per-
sons, and officers of companies or corporations, are re-
quired, on demand of a collector or deputy collector
about to distrain or having distrained on any prop-
erty and rights of property, to exhibit all books con-
taining, or supposed to contain, evidence or state-
ments relating to the subject or subjects of distraint,
or the property or rights of property liable to distraint
forthe tax so due as> aforesaid: Provided, That in any
case of distraint forthepajmentof thedutiesortaxes
aforesaid, the goods, chattels, or effects so distrained
shall and may be restored to the owner or possessor
if prior to the sale payment of the amount due or
tender thereof shall be made to the proper officer
charged with the collection of the full amount de-
manded, together with such fefe for levying, and such
sum for the necessary and reasonable expense of re-
moving, advertising, and keeping thegoods, chattels,
or effects so distrained, as may be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; but in °*
non-payment or tender, as aforesaid, the said officer
shall proceed to sell the said goods, chattels, or effects
at public auction, and shall retain from the proceeds
of such sale the amount demandable for the use ot
the United States, with the necessary and reasonable
expenses of distraint and sale, and a commission ot
five per cent, thereon for his own use, rendering tho
overplus, if any there be, to the person who may foe
entitled to receive the same: Provided further, J-hat
there shall be cxemptfromdistramttheschool-books.
and apparel necessary for a family; also arms, on©
