1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1617
been conquered in the field. But they insist
that they can obtain by diplomacy, craft, and
fraud all that they desire —the control of the
Government; that the Democracy of the North
are their true friends, and with their help they
can succeed.
But who are the men in the South that are
claiming admission? Not the true Union men,
but traitors, southern leaders, the men who in-
augurated the rebellion and labored for it for
thirty years. These are the men who, without,
shame, penitence, or even regrets for the past,
are demanding admission.
The true Union men of the South are not now
demanding admission. They, as well as every
intelligent man in the .country, know that the
southern States are in no condition to be ad-
mitted into the Union at this time. The con-
sequence of their admission now would bo that
the whole machinery of State government
would inevitably be in the hands and control of
rebels, who, in every southern State, leaving
out the colored race, number three to one Union
man. Then their hate toward the Union men
and the colored race is intense and diabolical
in the extreme. And their power would lie
constantly exercisc d to oppress, Inuass. and ex-
tirpate the entire Union element of the South.
The Union men in those States desire the
protection of the Government against the vio-
lence and outrages of pardoned rebels. The
Union people of the rebel States could not
maintain themselves for a single day in most
parts of the South without the support of the
Government. What is the actual condition of
(he southern States? This is a question of fact,
and is to be decided by evidence. Upon this
point the evidence has been accumulating for
months. It has been gathered from all parts
of the South, and by those friendly to the South
and without prejudice. The result tends to
show, by an overwhelming preponderance of
testimony, that if a loyal majority of the peo-
ple in .the rebel Slates is made a condition-pre-
cedent to their readmission into the Union,
then they are m no condition to come in.
The testimony taken by the reconstruction
committee shows that the great mass of the
people in the southern Slates are as much reb-
els and disloyal to-day as they were at anytime
during the war: that their haired toward the
Union and northern peopleis intense ; and this
is conclusively shown by iheir acts.
The constant and baibaious outrages com-
mitted by rebels in the South against the Union
men and Ireediiieii wuitld fill volumes, and out-
rage the feelings of savages. There is neither
freedom of speech, of the press, or protection
to lil'c, liberty, or properly ; and this is the class
of people and kind of States that the Dem-
ocratic party say should be admitted into the
Union. And the persons highest, in authority
in the Government are using every appliance,
direct and indirect, for the accomplishment of
the same object. Hut these appliances will bo
disregarded by an honest Congress.
Hut as a reason why these Stales should
be admitted, the rebels and Democrats say
that the Government refused to let them go,
and whipped them hack and thwarted their de-
signs. This is true. Cut does it therefore fol-
low that these traitors lost 110 rights? Is treason
no crime? Is an attempt to break up this Gov-
ernment no offense? Is it really contended
that traitors can inaugurate a rebellion and
carry it on for four years and yet run no risk
of person, property, or loss of rights on its
overthrow?
The man who attempts my life, but is pre-
vented. does he lose no rights? Can he claim
that he be exempt from punishment because
he was prevented from the consummation of
his offense? Yet this is the argument of the
rebels and those who sympathize with them.
The whole territory was ours, and all the
people owed allegiance to the Government,
and it was our duty to prevent the dissolution
of this Union, and because we did prevent it
treason is thereby none the less a ciime and
odious, and traitors are none the less deserv-
ing of punishment.
39iri Cong. 1st Seks.—Xo. 102.
Upon what principle was it that we put down
the rebellion by force, burned towns, destroyed
property, devastated the country, took prison-
ers, killed people, made war? It was a power
and right incident to all Governments, and with-
out which no Government could exist. It was
the high principle of self-preservation.
We rightfully decided under the Constitution
how the war should be prosecuted, what means
should be used, and the extent. Our right was
absolute under the laws of war. The rebellion
became a public territorial war, and the people
engaged in it were public enemies, and enti-
tled only to the rights of enemies under the
laws of-war.
But did this war power of the Government
over the rebels and the territory they occupied
cease the moment their armies were dispersed
and the war 110 longer flagrant?
The rebels have been declared to bo " pub-
lic enemies'' by the highest law tribunal in this
country, the Supreme Court of the United
States.
The character of a public enemy having once
been stamped upon them, their former rights
cannot be regained by their having ceased light-
ing. To stop fighting does not make them cease
to be public enemies, because they may have
ceased to light for want of means, not will.
The Government must necessarily be the
judge of the whole case. It not only has the
right to decide what shall be done when the
war is flagrant, but 011 the same principle to de-
cide what is necessary for the preservation of
| the G overnment after the armies may have been
dispersed.
The question as to the status of the people
of the rebel States is exclusively a political
question, determinable by the executive and
legislative branches of the Government. This
lias been repeatedly decided by the Supremo
Court of the United Stales and publicists every-
where. Therefore the Government, has a right
to decide whether the rebels shall have the
status of public enemies ; whether and when a
state of peace shall be declared, and upon what
conditions; how and in what way the rebels shall
be governed; and when and under what cir-
cumstances and conditions the rebel States may
be admitted into the Union. The power of the
Government to this extent I think cannot be
successfully controverted.
I11 the prize eases, 2«Black, it is decided
that—
"The law; of war, whether the,war be civil or inter
r/cntri, convert every citizen of the liostile.Stato into
a public enemy and treat him accordingly, whatever
luuy have been his envious conduct." "All treaties
between the parties arc annulled."
The court further says :
"In the ease of a rebellion or the resistance of a
portion ot the people of a country ajramst the estab-
lished Covornmcnt there is 110 doubt, if, in it* 0102;-
r<>-< :ind enlargement, the tioveriimeiitthuysonLdit to
be overthrown sees tit, it may by the competent
power recognize or declare the existence of ci\ ll war,
which will draw alter it all the consequences and
rights of war between the contending parties as in
the case of a public wai.''
No rights of the South that were lost by the
rebellion were revived or repossessed by trai-
tors on the cessation of hostilities. War de-
stroys all rights but the rights of war. It annuls
contracts, compacts, treaties, constitutions, and
none of these rights are revived or in force
simply by the tei^iinatioii of the war. This is
a universal rule in war between foreign nations.
The war that we have just passed through
stands upon the same grounds. It has been
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the eases referred to, that it was a
public territorial war, and that all the rights,
disabilities, and consequences of a foieign war
attached. The South slrietlyare entitled only
to the rights of war. Y\'e are the conquerors
and they the conquered ; and if they are not a
conquered people then no people ever were.
They themselves so understood it and accepted
it. But the leniency of those in power and
the willingness of the Democracy to receive
them back, and with open arms, and without
■conditions, has raised hopes and created de-
sires doomed to disappointment,
At the commencement of the rebellion the
South confidently expected aid and comfort
from their friends in the North; tliis was un-
doubtedly promised.
Now the rebels are invited to come back by
these same friends, when they certainly must
know that under the present condition of things,
the doors will be closed.
This, I think, the South will regard,as add-
ing- insult to injury.
Now, it may be as important for the public
good and general welfare to control and gov-
ern the rebel States, after armed resistance has
ceased, to demand security for the future, so
as to prevent rebellion and treason in all time-
to come, and for self-preservation, as it was to
put down armed resistance to the Government;
and there is as much jjower and authority un-
der the Constitution for the one as the other.
The evidence shows that treason and rebellion
still exist in the hearts of most of the south-
ern people. This power to govern the rebel
States after their armies were dispersed has
been acted upon by every department of the
Government up to the present moment, all
conceding its absolut e necessity. Hence, we
have maintained military governments over
the South hitherto. This is in fact a mild
form of war, justified by the laws of war, the
Constitution, and the admitted condition of
affairs in the rebel States.
Now, sir, what policy should be pursued by
the Government in regard to those States ; and
what department of this Government has the
right under the Constitution to decide in regard
to the question of restoration and admission of
the rebel States. I have already stated that
the Executive claims that right. This claim, in
mj- opinion, is an attempted usurpation of power,
and that the practice of the Government and
the decision of the highest tribunal in the land
deny this power to the President. It has never
been exercised or attempted to be exercised by
any Executive till now.
The com mittee on reconstruction has reported
a resolution to each House in relation to Ten-
nessee, and asserts in that resolution that "the
people of Tennessee can execute the functions
of a State within the Union only by the permis-
sion of the law-making power.'' Here is a state-
ment of the true principle, and till very recently
has always been understood to be the law. This
certainly was understood to be the theory and
practice of the Government as late as Septem-
ber 12, 180-3.
August 29, 1805, Provisional Governor Mar-
vin, of Florida, wrote a letter to Secretary
Sewaid, transmitting a copy of a proclamation
which ho had issued to the people of Florida
convening a convention with the view of re-
storing that State to the Union. I will read a
paragraph or two from that paper :
" Whereas by the proclamation of Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, dated 13th of
July, lS'io, I have been appointed provisional gov-
ernor ot the .State of I'lorida, with instructions to
presciibe, at tile earliest practical period, such rules
and re-ailations as may be necessary and proper for
convening a convention of the people composed of
delegates to be chosen by that portion of the people
who are loyal to the United States, ami no others;
and also wii h all the power necessary and proper t o en-
able such loyal people of said State to restore it to its
eon*iif n'ional relations to the Inderal Uo\ eminent,
and to present such a republican form of sjovcrnmcnt
as will entitle the State to tile guarantee of the Uni-
ted States therefor, and it-' people to the protection
ot the United Stales aaainst invasion, insurrection,
and domestic violence.'' 1 . *
"Tenth. Upon the establishment of _a republican
form of State srovei anient under a constitution which
sruarantie^and secures liberty to all inhabit ants alike,
without distinction of color, theic will nolong-er e.\ist
any impediment in tho way of restoring the State to
its moper constitutional relations to the tiovemment
of the United States, whereby its people will bo on-
titled to protection by tho United S^itc- against
invasion, insurrection, and domestic violeuce. '
Secretary Seward, September 12, 180"), in
answer to said letter wrote the following to
Governor Marvin:
Department or St m:.
suing ton", Srptr.ubcr 1'j, 1r05.
sir: Your Excellency letter of the 20lh ultimo,
with tho accompanying proclamation, has re-
ceived ami submitted to the Pn.vndei,t. The ,-tei^ io
whif-h it reieis toward reoithe governr.ivut
of Florida seem to bo in the mam i and j^uod
results from them may be hoped for. The presump-
