1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3537
the dastardly nature of the 'loyalists' could be found
than their evident trepidation whenj£it without pro-
tecting bayonets. We hear a cry qsSparm at Staun-
ton. _ The Union raen aro afraid oPcneir own shad-
ows if a Federal soldier is not at hand to reassure
them. They have guilty consciences that oppress
them heavily, and they will not find peace and quiet
until they confess and repent. We assure the author-
ities at Washington that secessionists are not such
asses as to expose themselves to further hardships by
their own aets, and the shriek of cowards at Staun-
ton is more a call for greater oppression of the true
Virginians than for a protection of tho lion-hearted
Unionists. The fact is, that when the blue uniforms
are withdrawn the'loyalists'have nobody to keep
thom in countenance, nobody to associate with, and
they IVel very like they had got into the wrong pew.
Let them seek congenial society elsewhere if they do
not like the contempt of tho honest and respectable
throughout the South. We are not likely to pay them
any respect if they live among us a thousand years."
And whereas the spirit of the foregoing extract
appears to predominate in the States referred to, and
the citizens of those Stales who continued loyal to
the Government during the war, and especially those
who served in the Union Army, are insultingly pro-
scribed and excluded from social and political privi-
leges: Therefore,
Resolved. That the President of the United States
bo requested to inform this House whether the per-
sonal ri ghts of citizens of the United Slates a i cat pres-
ent sufficiently protected in said States,>md whether
any further legislation is necessary to clothe him with
sullieient authority to protect all the loyal citizens of
tlic_ States recently in rebellion in the enjoyment of
their constitutional rights.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a question of
order. My pcfint of order is that tlie resolu-
tion relates to what is called in this House
"reconstruction," and is intended to pre-
vent a restoration of the Union, and that it
should therefore go to the committee on that
subject.
The SPEAKER. The rule in regard to the
reference of papers to the committee on recon-
struction provides that—
"All papers which may be offered relative to the rep-
resentation of the late so-called confederate States
of Ameilra or either of thom shall be referred to the
joint committee of fifteen without debate."
The Chair does not see that the resolution
comes within the terras of this rule, and there-
fore overrules the point of order.
Mr. FINCK. I raise another point of order.
1 understand that this is a resolution calling for
executive information.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mi. FINCK. Then I object to its consid-
eration, until it has lain over one day under
the rule.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has lain
over one week. The Chair overrules the point
of order.
Mr. LE BLOND. When the resolution was
presented last Monday, the morning hour ex-
pired before it had even been read.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. LE BLOND. And it passed over by
reason of that fact.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then 1 think the point
of my colleague [Mr. Fixck] is well taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
rule read, which will show that the decision
of the Chair is correct.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Such resolutions as call for information from the
President or heads of Departments are required by
Rule 53 to lie on the table one day."
The SPEAKER. This resolution has lain
on the table one week.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was the resolution intro-
duced?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was intro-
duced. At the time the gentleman from Maine
rose and presented the resolution his right to
oiler it accrued.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was not the resolution
offered subject to objection, and did not the
morning hour expire before the resolution was
actually received by the House?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour expired
before the reading of the resolution was con-
cluded; but it was entered in full upon the
Journal, it having been offered, although not
fullv read
Mr. ELDRTDGE. Bat was not the right to
object at that time reserved ? Was tho resolu-
tion, in fact, introduced?
The SPEAKER. The right to object, when
reserved, is reserved under Rule 53, which pro-
39th CoNGf. 1st Sess.—No. 222.
vides that unanimous consent shall be neces-
sary for the consideration of a resolution call-
ing for executive information on the day on
which it is offered. The object of this rule is
that such a resolution shall not be suddenly
precipitated upon the House for action with-
out an opportunity being allowed to consider
the propriety of making the call for informa-
tion. A week has elapsed since this resolution
was offered. It has been printed in the '' Order
of Business," was entered on the Journal, and
read as part of the J ournal on last Tuesday,
and was also printed in full in the Globe.
Hence the object of the rule lias been attained.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I see that I do not make
myself understood in the point which I desire
to raise. It is this: that the resolution was
offered to the House conditionally, not for tho
purpose of lying over under the rule, but for
tho purpose of being acted on at the time, sub-
ject to objection reserved. The momiinghour
having expired before the reading "the reso-
lution was concluded, the resolution, as I hold,
was not received.
The SPEAKER. The State of Maine hav-
ing been regularly called for resolutions, the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. PekiiamJ had the
right to offer a resolution. This resolution
was offered by him; and while it was being read
the morning hour expired. The resolution
has lain over one week, while tho rule only
requires that it shall lie over one day. The
object of the rule has been fully accomplished.
Tho Chair rules, therefore, that the resolution
cannot bo required to lay over again.
Mr. FINCK. I suggest to tho gentleman
from Maine to make his resolution a little
more extensive and include in it an inquiry
whether a few days ago, in the State of New
Yoik, a brutal assault was not made by a
father upon his child, resulting in tho death ot
the child.
Mr. PERITAM. I suppose the resolution
might have been made more extensive. I hold
in my hand a statement of wrongs and out-
rages committed on Union men, which would
make a man whose face was made of copper
blush with shame.
Mr. HALE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HALE. Is the question divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is; and the question
will first be on tho resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
52, noes 120; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Peiiiiaji and Mr.
Eldriboe.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to bo put.
The preamble and resolution wore then
adopted.
Mr. PERIIAM moved to reconsider tho vote
by which tho preamble and resolution were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICIAL STENOdJtAt'lIER, FOR COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, and demanded the previous
question on its adoption:
Jlcsolved, That tho Speaker be authorized to ap-
point, until otherwise ordered, a competent stenog-
rapher as a^ibtant official reporter to tho commit-
tees of the Uon«e, who shall be paid out of tho con-
tingent fund of tho House, commencing 1st of May,
1806, the same compensation paid to such official re-
porter, and who may also be assigned by the Speaker
to report other proceedings of the House.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, is not this reso-
lution in clear violation of that clause of the
Constitution which prohibits legislation im-
pairing the validity of contracts ? There was
a contract over which there was some talk
early in the present session, and this resolu-
tion is in the very teeth of that contract.
The SPEAKER. Questions arising out of
constitutional obligations must be decided by
the House.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will not press the demand for the pre-
vious question. „
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Let me explain for a
moment. There is no question about the jus-
tice of this resolution. To be sure this reporter
was appointed at a salary of $3,000 per annum,
but in consequence of the number of commit-
tees making investigations, requiring stenog-
raphers, he has already been compelled to
employ and pay assistants, doing work which,
under the old rates, would amount to more than
$12,000. This reporter has been away at Mem-
phis with one of the committees of the House,
and has been compelled to appoint several
stenographers to take minutes before the com-
mittees sitting in this city. This assistant is
needed, and 1 hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw his opposition.
Mr. HALE. Send this to the Committee of
Accounts and let them report on it, and I have
no objection. I have a page of the Congres-
sional Globe containing the discussion hero in
.ranuary last on this subject, showing that a
formal contract was entered into.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I send to the Clerk's
desk a statement which I ask to be read.
The Cleric read as follows:
''The reporting ofeommi (tee proceedingshas grown
and is growing to largo proportions. Tho work dono
this session bv the official reporter and by assistants
employed by him wou-ld amount, at tho usual rates,
to about twelve thousand dollars. During tho timo
he was necessarily absent at Memphis, by order of the
House, tho business of the committees was assigned
to a gentleman who had to employ as many as six
assistants at a time. This resolution goes back for
two mouths in order to give compensation to one of
those reporters for that time. There have been no
less than sixteen committees requiring thescivices
of tho stenographer this session. Some ot them \wll
take testimony during the recess, and several months
will be occupied bv the reporters in indexing and
supervising the publication of tho immense amount
ot testimony taken by committees this session."
Mr. WARD. What is the compensation
this reporter now gets ?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Three thousand six
hundred and fifty dollars per annum.
Mr. WARD. The question arose before tho
Committee of Accounts whether they would rec-
ommend that this cilice be abolished. That
gentleman appeared before the committee and
assured us there was necessity for such report-
ers, and agreed if we would allow him to con-
tinue, and would not make such a recommend-
ation as we proposed, he would do all the re-
porting for the committees and ask for uo other
pay or assistance.
Mr. ROLLINS. For how long a time ia
this assistant authorized ?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The time is not lim-
ited.
Mr. ROLLINS. It provides for an addi-
tional reporter for an indefinite length of time.
Now, T desire to call the attentionot'the House
to the fact that this reporter was paid from
March 4, 18G5, to the first Monday of the fol-
lowing December at the rate of i?3,G-">0 a year
for which he did no labor; and so it will be
from the 4th of next March till the meeting
of the subsequent Congress.
In voting upon this resolution, if the House
decide to adopt it, I only desire that they shall
take these facts into consideration and make
such limitations upon this resolution as they
may deem proper. I think there has been a
large amount of labor performed, and I remem-
ber when this matter was up for consideration
I assured the gentleman from New York [Mr.
ILuvc] that this would bethe last of the matter.
I have been examining the amount of labor
performed, and it is larger than I anticipated,
and I am not quite certain but what some
relief should be granted. 1 do not feel clear
upon this subject. I have not sufficiently ex-
amined into the matter. If it is as the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Ruse] represents, per-
haps some additional relief should be granted.
But I do think this subject, should be thoroughly
inquired into before this resolution is passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I do not jielil for a
speech.
Mr. ROLLINS. I would like to ventilate
this subject further.
