554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
chants to do our carrying; and while eager
to keep- down our steadily-increasing foreign
indebtedness we ship our least bulky but most
potent' manures in the same British vessels
that carry away our cotton, corn, and gold.
The real balance of trade is ever against us,
and our debts—commercial, corporate, and
State—are ever increasing. Let us mine gold
and silver never so fast, we can keep none of
it. Our suspensions of specie payments are
periodical. Protective England maintains the
balance of trade as steadily in her favor ; and
her statisticians calculate that her annual ac-
cumulation of surplus capital has attained
the enormous dimensions of £50,000,000 or
$250,000,000. England offers no investments
for this annual increase, and the managers of
the railroads that carry our crops over our own
soil to the sea-board for shipment extort exor-
bitant freights to enable them to pay interest on
bonds sold at low rates to foreign holders, or
pay large dividends to British capitalists who,
in default of other investments offering profits
equally great, have taken the stock. Without
manufactures we can have neither commerce
nor commercial marine; for a purely agri-
cultural people, depending on foreign nations
for a limited market, have nothing with which
to freight vessels to the general markets of the
world, andno assorted commodities to exchange
for those that would enrich the country and
build up upon the sea-board commercial em-
poriums with native citizens and American
interests.
But, sir, let us loolc a little more closely at
the effect of the mad theories propounded by
the gentleman from Indiana fMr. Vootsnras]
on the land of the country. Professor Henry
gave it as his opinion, some years ago, (and 1
believe it to be true to-day,) that there was more
wealth invested in our soil in fertilizing matter
at the moment this country was discovered by
Columbus than there is at present above the sur-
face in improvements and all otlierinvestwcntr.
Ohio, justly proud of her comparatively supe-
rior American agriculture, was admonished by
John II. Klippart, Esq., corresponding secre-
tary of her Btato Board ol'Agriculture in 1800,
that her'staple crop, wheat, was annually de-
creasing in its yield per acre ; that in lexs'tlian
fifty years the average product was reduced
from thirty to less than fifteen bushels per acre,
and that unless her farmers turned their atten-
tion, and that very soon, to the renovation of
their wheat lands, even Ohio would soon be
oneol the non-wheat-produeingKlales. During
the first, live years of the last decade her com
crop averaged bushels to the acre,.while
during the last live years of the decade its aver-
age bad fallen to It matters little, prac-
tically, whether a man sell bis acres or sell only
their vital principle. It, would have been bet-
ter, could we have done it, I hat we had exported
our acres in all their bread!h and depth than to
bu\e extracted from them as we have, and ex-
ported oi buuiodas fuel (heirproductive power.
\\re should then have seen that that, market, in
which goods can be bought for the least money
is not always the cheapest, and realized how
fearful a price wo were paying for the tails of
the skins we had sold so recklessly.
1 have referral to Ohio as an example, not
because her case is exceptional, but, because if
it be exceptional it is in favor of her better than
average American husbandry.
The South has been less desolated by war
than by long-continued unreciproeal free trade
with England. The ravages of war can soon be
repaired. Houses, canals, and railroads can
soon be rebuilt. Villages, as unimportant as
those of the South, (and in this 1 embrace her
cities all other than New Orleans.) are things
of very rapid growth in conntncs where men
are free to exercise their skill or enterprise, and
industry is well rewarded. But who shall re-
store her waste lands? YV ar was not the demon
that blasted them; it was the free trade that
Imgvaud nnposes on semi-civilized nations; it
was the ctesire to create a monopoly of the cot-
ton and sagai tiade; it was the belief that a
poor and ambitious people whose expenditures
anticipated their annual crop could be victori-
ous in a contest with a wealthy people whose
diversified industry gave them the control of all
markets, and whose surplus capital enabled
them to choose their own time andplace for pur-
chasing. I will not describe what I have seen
in the South, or take the reports brought by
northern men. Let southern men describe the
condition of their plantations.
A southern journal, which is quoted by Carey
in his Social Seicncc, but of which the name
is not given, says:
" An Alabama planter says that cotton has destroyed
more than earthquakes or volcanic eruptions, wit-
ncss tlioredhillsof Georgia and South Carolina, which
have produced cotton till the last dying gasp of the
soil forhade any further attempt at cultivation; and
the land, turned out to nature, reminds the traveler,
as he views tho dilapidated condition of the country,
of the ruins of ancient Grooco."
Dr. Daniel Lee, in his Progress of Agricul-
ture, in the United States Patent Office lieport
for 1852, says:
"Cotton culture jirescnts one featuro which wo
respectfully commend to tho earnest consideration of
southern statesmen and planters, and that is the con-
stantly increasinp: deterioration of the soil devoted
mainly to tho production of this important crop. Al-
ready this evil has attained a fearful magnitude: and
under the present common practice it grows a little
faster than the increase of cotton bales at tho South.
Won can say when or where this ever-augmenting
exhaustion of the natural resources of the cotton-
growing States is to end, short of their ruin?"
l)e Bow, in his Resources of the South, pub-
lished in 1852, says<
" The native soil of middle Georgia is a rich argil-
laceous loam, on a linn, clay foundation. In
some of the richer comities nearly all tho lands have
been cut down and appropriated to tillage; a large
maximum of which have been worn out, leaving a
desolate picture for tho traveler to behold—deeajmg
tenements, red old lulls, stripped ofthcir native growth
and virgin soil, and washed into deep gullies, with hero
and there patches of Uermuda gtass andstnnted pmc
shrubs, struggling for a, scanty subsistence on what
was once one of the richest soils of Auierica."
Governor Hammond, in an address before the
South Carolina Institute iu 1840, after present-
ing the same class of facts, said :
" These aro not mere paper calculations, or tho
gloomy speculations of a brooding fancy. They aro
illustrated andsusfaincd by fact*, ciurcnt facts of our
own day, within the knowledge of every one of us.
The process ol impoverishment has been visibly and
palpably going on step by step with the decline in the
price ol cotton."
Clement C. Clay, of Alabama, speaking in
the United States Semite, said:
" I e in show you, with sorrow, in the older portions
of Alabama, in my naiivocounty (if Madison, thesnd
memorials of the art less and ex bans! mg cult ure ol cot-
ton. Our sm a tl planters, alter faking the cream oli't heir
lands, unable to_ restore them by rest, manures, or
otlu rwise, are going further West and South m search
ot other virgin lands, which they may and will de-
snoit and impoverish in like manner." w *
"In traversing that county, ono will discover num-
erous farm-houses, once tho abode of industrious
and intelligent, freemen, now occupied by slaves, or
tenaullcss, deserted, ami dilapidated : he will oiwerve
fields, once fertile,now unfenced, abandoned, andcov-
eied with those evil harbingers, toxtail and broom-
sedge : lie will see the moss growing on the molder-
ing walls of once thrifty villages, and will find 'one
onlv masier giasp the whole domain 1 that once fur-
ni<!ied happy hornet jur a d07a.11 white i.unities. In-
d'M'd a eountrv in its mt.incy, -where tifiy yeais ago
scarce a forest tree had been felled by thc'ax of tiie
pioneer, is already exhibitjug^tho painful signs of
senility anddocay apparent in Virginia andthc Caro-
linas."
Dr. 1 jee, in the paper to which I have already
referred, says:
"OT the land cultivated in this country, one hundred
million acres are damaged to the extent of three dol-
hos per acre pel annum, or, m other words, a 00111-
lesfitution of the elements of crops removed
•ar cannot bo made short of an expense of
,000."
vac 13 rii.uiE keeps us ix svbjectiox to exg-
laxd's COLONIAL policy.
Sir, this is a melancholy picture to contem-
plate—a country wasted in its youth, and its
people impoverished in the midst of abound-
ing natural riches. And, sir, what adds to j[
its somber character is the fact, that it is not j'
accidental—that it is not the result of Provi- !
donee, save as Providence permits some men !
to i rifle wit h t heir rights and int crests and others [
to take advantage of their wickedness, weak- i
ness, or folly. It is the work of man; it is the !
result of design; it has been brought about as
the end sought to be obtained by the sagacious
and far-seeing legislators who have guided the
counsels of Great Britain and their allies, the
free trade leaders of the Democratic party of
our country. The laws by which these melan-
choly results were produced are demonstrable,
and have long been well understood. They are
the golden rule as administered by selfish and
perfidious England to young or feeble nations
and her own colonies. They were understood'
by Locke when he prepared his essay on Civil
Government. _ Dean Swift, as I have shown,
expounded them when he endeavoredto inspire
the people of Ireland with wisdom and save to
that unhappy country a future. They were un-
derstood by Andrew Gee when he published
his workon Trade in 1750, and among other il-
lustrations of his clear apprehension of them
said:
"Manufactures in our American colonics should
be discouraged, prohibited." r * * * "We
ought always to keep a watchful eye over our colo-
nies, to restrain tlicni from setting up any of the manu-
factures which arc carried on in Great Britain: and
any such attempts should be crushed at the begin-
ning." <•=*-* ->. "Oiu eoloniesaremuch in
the same state as Ireland was in when they began tho
woolen manufactory, and as their numbers increase,
will fail vpon manufactures for clothing themselves, 1)
due care be not taken to find cmplmnrient for them in
raising such productions as may enable tftcm to fur-
nish themselves with all the necessaries fiom us."
15 * * * "As they will have the providing
rough materials to themselves, so shall we have the
manufacturing of them. If cncouragomcnt he given
for laising hemp, flax, &c., doubtlc>s they will soon
begin to manufacture, if not prevented. Therefore, to
stop the progress of a un such manufacture, it is proposed
that no weaver have liberty to setup any looms, with-
out first icgistering at an ofFicc, kept for that pur-
pose." "Thatall slitl imr-milK and
engines for drawing wire or weaving stockings, be put
down." *• " That all negroes Oepro-
hibited from u-eaving either linen or iroolm, oy spin-
ning or comb in o wool, or working at any man u facturc of
n-on, further than making it into pig or bar iron.
That they also bo prohibited fiom maiuifaotui ing hat*,
stockings, or leather of any kind. This limitation will
not abridge the planters of any liberty they now en-
joy; on the contrary, it will then turn their industry
to promoting and raising those rouech materials."
i- ^ "If we examine into the circum-
stances of the inhabitants of our plantations, and our
own, it will appear that not one fouith of their product
rctlovnds to their own profit, for, out of all that comes
here, the)/ on/if carry bach clothing and other accommo-
dations for their families, all of which is of the mer-
chandise and manufacture of thiskingdom." <
" * "All these advantaged we receive by the
plantations, besides^ the mortgages on the planters'
estates aw! the high interest they pay us, which is very
tons'ulcrable."
I think, sir, that T have shown by tho extracts
I have made from that remarkable book, '1 (lot-
ton is King," that the men of the South under-
stood the laws of trade (certain as that of gravi-
tation) well enough to comprehend the fact that
free trade must ultimately destroy the varied
interests ol' the North. They may not, mad
with ambition as they were, have seen that the
operation of the laws whose penalties they were
inilieling upon others would involve them in
common destruction; but that they understood
the fatal operation of free trade upon the great
interests of the country is apparent in every
chapteroithe essay from winch L have quoted.
I know not, sir, whether the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. VooitiiEEs]'has studied the laws of
social science, but they have been thoroughly
eoniprchendedby the statesmen of England, and
furnish the kej alike to her diplomacy and legis-
lation. Illustrative oftliisisthe ease of Portugal.
In the latter part of the seventeenth century slie
had established manufactures of woolen goods,
which were thriving, adding to the comfort and
prosperity of her people, and to her own respect-
ability and power. They, however, needed pro-
tection against the hostile capitaland more fully
developed industry of England, and in lb>vi the
Government, discovering the advantages it de-
rived from, these; manufactures, resolved to pro-
tect them by prohibiting the importation of
foreign iabrics of the kind. Thenceforward
their increase was so rapid as to attract the
attention of British capitalists, who determined
upon their destruction. This was not to be ac-
complished at once ; but, evading the technical
language of the law, they'manufactured articles
under names and of descriptions not precisely
