APPENDIX TO;THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of IIei's'.
Rights of Citizens—Mr. Sogers.
39th Cosg. ... 1st Sess.
Mr. PRICE. In compliance with the urgent
request of .several gentlemen, but against the
dictates of my own judgment, I withdraw my
objection.
s The SPEAKER. There-being 110 objection,
the time of the gentleman from New Jersey is
extended for one half hour.
Mr. BROOMALL. I trust that the gentle-
man will confine himself to the bill before the
House.
Mr.SCHENOK. Will the gentleman from
New Jersey allow me to make a single inquiry?
Mr. -ROGrERS. Yes, air.
Mr. SCHEN GK. I observe that the gentle-
•man opposes every amendment proposed to
the Constitution of the United States. I wish
to understand whether I apprehend rightly his
pesition. Is he opposed to every alteration of
the Constitution on the ground that it has a
tendency to change the instrument? [Laugh-
ter:}
Mr. ROGrERS. That is one ground, that it
has a tendency to change that instrument and
even destroys it. [Laughter.] Another ground
is'that it is dangerous to interfere with the old
landmarks, made in compromise and wisdom
by our fathers, in a time of excitement and by
an appeal to the passions of the people. An-
other ground is that these amendments to the
Constitution of the United States have a, tend-
ency to deprive the southern States of repre-
sentation and-.to :prevent the consummation of
that grand object which onr soldiers had in view-
when they laid down and imperiled their lives
in defense of the .country.
Now, sir, gentlemen undertake to base the
theory which they adopt here that these States
are out of the Union, that they are conquered
provinces, and that they have no right to come
in except by a law of Congress, upon the clause
of the Constitution that the United States shall
guaranty to every State in this Union a repub-
lican form of government.
That clause of the Constitution says the Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to every State a repub-
lican form of government, and protect it against
invasion, and suppress an insurrection in it. In
order to carry out that clause of the Constitu-
tion, Congress is—
" To provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions."—1, section 8.
That invasion has been repelled and the in-
surrection suppressed. The object was to pro-
tect the State, and to carry out that object in
the preamble of the Constitution that this Gov-
ernment was made in order to form a more per-
fect Union. It was to form a more perfect and
perpetual Union. It was that the States should
be left as they were, to maintain them in the
condition in which they were before the acts of
secession were passed. That object has been
accomplished. The States still live. The States
are not out of the Union. Insurrection was put
down. The militia was called forth by the
President of the United States, in confonnity
to the requirements of the Constitution, to sup-
press insurrection and to repel invasion. It
was not under the general power of Congress
to raise and support armies at all, but under
t,he_ power to authorize the President of the
United States to call upon the several States
for a sufficient number of militia to put down
insurrection'in the States.
What does the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] say of the States
lately in rebellion? He says:
"They have tori? their constitutional States into
atoms, and built on their foundations fabrics of a
totally different character. Dead men cannot raise
themselves; dead States cannot restore their own ex-
istence as it was."
Then, referring to the Constitution, he quotes
from the third section of the fourth article the
following:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Union."
And proceeds thus:
. " In my judgment, this is the controlling provision
in thiscasc. Unless thclawof nationsisadead letter,
the late war between the two-acknowledged belhger-^
ents severed their original compacts and broke all the
ties which bound them together. Tlie-future -condi-
tion of the conquered Power (Jepends upon the will of
the conquerors. They muef-'eome in as new States, or-'
remain as conquered provinces.". .. ,
In another place in the same speech he says:
"To prove that they are and for four years have ■
been outof theUnion, foxalllegal purposes, and being
now conquered, subject to'.tbe absolute disposal of
Congress, Ivrill stiggesia feW-ideas and adduce afew
authorities." - • • -
The law of nations With regard to the status
of these States has no application whatever,
for, as I have shown in the commencement of my
argument, the right of the States in-the Union
exists by virtue of the Constitution itself; and
that neither international-laws nof State laws
can regulate and control the status of a State
during war, before war,' or after war.' I hold
that they were States when they went into the
war, that they were States during the war, and
that they were States when they came out of
the war, and that every man in the South, if
he be elected according to, the local laws of his
State and the Constitution of the United States,
is entitled to be admitted on the same condi-
tions on which I have "been admitted to a seat-
upon this floor.
It is provided in the organic law that each
House-shall be the judge ofthe election's, returns,4
and qualifications' of its own members, and
on that basis some - members in this House go
in for''excluding1 "members from the southern
States; and they claim they have unlimited, des-
potic, and sovereign power within themselves
as members of this body to say what State shall
come in and what State shall not come in,
what States shall be represented and what
States shall not be represented.
The Constitution also says that each House
may punish its members for disorderly beha-
vior-,'and with the concurrence of two thirds
expel them. Now, is there anybody on the
other side who believes that our fathers in-
tended, when they made the Constitution, to
authorize the Congress of the United States to
expel a member without any cause whatever?
Did they intend to confer upon Congress the
exercise of omnipotent power in that respect?
Not at all, but only the power to expel after
investigation and proof according to the forms
of law, for some reasonable and lawful cause.
We might just as well construe the second
clause of the Constitution to mean that Con-
gress has the right, by the -intendment of the
framers of that instrument, and Within the
spirit of the organic act itself, to expel a mem-
ber without cause at pleasure, and without
investigation, as to say we can keep southern
members out who have all the qualifications
laid down in the Constitution.
Every lawyer knows that when you under-
take to construe a statute or constitutional
provision you must do it according to the rea-
son and spirit of it; according to the object or
intent which the framers had in view at the
time they made it. You must consider the
evil they intended to remedy, and the difficulty
that existed at the time of its passage. Now,
sir, our fathers intended, when they made this
provision in regard to extending a republican
government to a State, that no State had a
right to go out of the Union or withdraw its
allegiance: and if it should undertake to do
so they intended, by the exercise of force, to
bring it back. It was an act of insurrection,
and if other States should participate in Such
an act of insurrection and bring their armies
into that State, it was an invasion of that State.
Therefore, this war was carried' on by the
North to prevent the invasion of one State by
another by a confederated, illegal government,
and to put down the insurrection that existed
in every State that attempted the act of se-
cession.
It has been settled by the Supreme Court
of the United States, and no gentleman on the
other side dare deny it—if so, 1 will produce the
opinion that the federal Government cannot
make war upon any State. A provision was at-
tempted to be inserted in the Constitution, that
the Federat Government should have power to
coerce a State, but it-was voted down, on the
ground that it would be a declaration of war
on the part of the Federal Government against
a State. And then they provided, in order to
prevent a war between one section of the coun-
try and the btKer, that the United States should
guaranty a republican form of government to
each State, and should do it by repelling inva-
sion and suppressing insurrection in the State.
If the people' rise m any one State -against the
la-ws ofthe United States, as they did in South
Carolina in nullification times, and use force,
it is an insurrection. • if they take up arm? and
undertake to enforce their rights by war, then
the Federal Government is called- into action
by virtue of this provision which declares that
the United States shall guaranty to each State
a republican form of government, and shall pre-
vent or put down insurrection «nd invasion.
If ten- or eleven States confederate together for
the purpose of breaking- down the Union and
carrying on invasion, then the Constitution calls
upon the Federal Government to send an army
there to protect'the minority of the people who
could not protect themselves from the invasion,
and to protect them front the insurrection of
the people in the several States in' the locali-
ties where these minorities exist. Otherwise
if a mere majority, or even less than a major-
ity, should; by-some form of legislative action,
carry the State out of the protection of the
Union by the force of the bayonet, and despot-
ically compel the people to participate in the
unlawful government, the minority being una-
ble to protect themselves against this majority,
would be bound, in order'to have protection at
all, to seek it from this de facto Government.
For that would be a de facto Government which
was acknowledged by the nations of the world
as a belligerent for the purposes of interna-
tional law and Christian warfare.
I hold it to be a self-evident -principle that
a man who lives- in a de facto Government is
bound to support that Government, and is not
bound to adhere to a Government that does not
protect him. That doctrine has been settled
in many cases, and it is the only Christian rale
of law that can be established.
"A State, in themeaningof public law, i" a complete
or self-sufficient body of persons united together in
onccommunily for thedefense of then-rights. It has
affair? and interests; it deliberates, and bccomcs a
moral person, having understanding and will, and is
susceptible of obligations and laws."
_ But our States are not subject to the defini-
tion given in public law, because under our
Constitution a State is one thing and its gov-
ernment another. Our Constitution talks abont
guarantying to every State a republican form of
government, meaning the State as one thing and
itsgovernmentanother. Jtwas tue government
of the States under the Constitution that the
rebellion for a time suspended and usnrped.
Mexico has had its Government several times
changed and overthrown, yet the State of Mex-
ico, as a State, still exists.
Bishop on Law, in section one hundred and
thirty-two, volume one, remarks:
"Except, therefore, for the clause goarantving re-
publican governments to theStates, the United States
might, it it chose, after a State has committed what is
called an act of secession," * * * * "legis-
late for it forever to the exclusion of any subsequent
Mate legislation. Jiut the clau.-e under consideration
provides that the L mted States shall guaranty to the
state a republican form of government. Therefore,
as soon as the guarantee is executed, the right of
legislation which the United Slates received troin
the ueiunct i_tate government flows out to the novT
fc-tate groYemment.
'When for any reason, as for ingUincft when aStnto
nas pa.^ed what h tcrmeri in thesean ordinance
of secession, there ce,w> to Ik- wif Inn the State a frov-
eminent under the Constitution of the United ^tate?,
the guarantee * mentioned in this section of the
Constitution attneUer-', and (lie States' be-
comes oohg-atcd to give the State a republican form
oi^ovevnrcient,
"All persona residing within this territory are to bo
tro/jt * as euoimcf-', though not foreigners.
Bur,maennmffthomeanin^of the term 'enemies'
property, wcwiU foo led into error if we refer to Fieto
