3588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. CONKLINGr. I would like to say a
word.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will yield.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I have been referred to
by the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Rollins,] and I would like to bear one word
of testimony on this subject. When the reso-
lution providing for a stenographer was pro-
posed originally I doubted very seriously the
propriety of passing it, and I suggested then
the probability that the business of the reporter
would far exceed the limits contemplated by
the resolution, and that additional appropria-
tions or additional provisions would be neces-
sary. Now, sir, that contingency has arisen
sooner than I expected it would, and to an
extent far greater than I supposed. It may be,
as the gentleman from New Hampshire sug-
gests, that the resolution needs to be guarded
somewhat as to time. If so it can be modified.
But I want to say, what I am enabled to say,
as a matter of fact from the observation I have
given to this subject. It has been my fortune,
whether good or bad, to be compelled to be
absent from the House for some weeks, much
of the time attending the sessions of one of the
committees, and the difficulty of providing a
stenographer for that and for other committees
which have been in session has led mo to ob-
serve somewhat the condition of the business
of reporting for the House, and I have no hes-
itation in saying that an amount of ■work has
been required already of the official reporter
exceeding altogether the amount of his pay,
insomuch that nothing could be more inequita-
ble than to require him to do the extraordinary
amount of labor which he is compelled to do
fgr the compensation provided in the original
resolution. I have no doubt that treble, if not
four times, the amoufit of labor contemplated
by that resolution has already been thrown upon
him, just as I supposed, only much sooner than
I anticipated ; and the time has come when,
upon the principles of fair dealing, we ought
either to release him from his contract or pass
some such resolution as is now proposed. But
if this is not guarded as to time let us guard it.
* Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, it is impossible
to hear, the noise is so great.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that; I
can hardly hear myself. I was about to say
that I am entirely clear that some provision by
way of relief ought to be made, and my impres-
sion is that as we have already made this con-
tract the easiest and most suitable way to cor-
rect the difficulty is to make some additional
allowance, and if the resolution is amended so
as to properly limit the time, T for one shall
vote for it. As from the first I believed that
some relief would be necessary, so now I am
confirmed in that belief.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, is it in
"order to move to refer this resolution to the
Committee of Accounts?
The SPEAKER. Not while the call for the
previous question is pending.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Will it be in order to
move to lay it on the table?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. RADFORD. I rise to a point of order,
that this question is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order
except bv unanimous consent.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. WARD. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Rice] if it is in-
tended to provide now for a stenographer for
the vacation.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will say to the gen-
tleman that there is no doubt that there will
be several committees authorized to take tes-
timony during the recess. I will state further,
for the information of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Johnson,] that the passage
of this^resolution for this additional compensa-
tion will, for the present session, save the Gov-
ernment $5,000—yes, nearly twice $5,000—of
the amount which would be required under the
old system of contracts.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Rice] has not answered my ques-
tion.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent, pending the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. • Then I object to
debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 68, not voting
56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Benja-
min, Boyer, Bromwell, Bnoklaml, Cobb, Cullom,
Dawson, Deming, Denison, Dodge, Dumont, Eckley,
Eggleston, Eldridge.'Farquhar, Finek, Glossbrenner,
Grider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hayes, Johnson, Kerr,
Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, LeBlond, MeCullongh, MeKec, Moorhead,
Phelps, Radford, William H. Randall, Ritter, Rogers,
Rollins, fiife, Rq,usseau, Schenck, Scofield,Shanldin,
SitgreaveWstrouse, Taber, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and
Whaley—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Barker, Beaman, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Boutwell, Conlcling, Cook, Davis, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner
C. Harding, Henderson, Higby. Holmes, Demas Hub-
bard, John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kclley, Kelso,
Ketcliam, Laflin, Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, Mc-
Ruer, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Moulton, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Priee, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Shellabar-
ger, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Robert T. Van Horn,
William B.Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, James
E. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall,
Bundy, Chanlcr, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Coffroth, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Defrees, Delano,
Farnsworth, Goodyear, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hill,
Hogan, Hooper, Iiotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Euwin N. Hubbell, Jenckes,
Jones, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Melndoe, Morris,
Myers, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Pike,
Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Sawyer, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Taylor, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, War-
ner, Eliliu B. Washburne, Winfield, and Wright—56.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred upon the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. ROLLINS. I ask the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Rice] to yield to me to move an
amendment.
. Mr. RICE, of Maine. I cannot yield for any
such purpose.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire of the Chair
if the adoption of this resolution would not re-
instate that man as a reporter of the Globe.
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate.
Mr. ANCONA. If the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Rice] will modify the resolution so as to
leave out the last clause I will not object to it
so much.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move to refer this resolu-
tion to the Committee of Accounts.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the call for the previous ques-
tion.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon a
division, there were—ayes 42, noes 58.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RICE, of Maine, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Rice, of
Maine, and Mr. Ancona, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 42, noes 69.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ANCONA. T move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out these words at the close :
" and who may also be assigned by the Speaker
to report other proceedings of the House."
And upon that motion I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ancona] withdraw the
call for the previous question for a moment?
Mr. ANCONA. I will withdraw the call
for a motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee of Accounts.
Mr. WARD. Then I make that motion. I
think all these subjects should be referred to
that committee for investigation, in order that
we may fullagfcderstand what we are called to
vote upon. "Wf
Mr. ANCONA. I call the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred to the
Committee of Accounts; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the consideration of resolutions
on which debate had arisen, and which had
lain over under the rule.
transportation prom the west.
The first resolution was the following, offered
on the 2d of April by Mr. Raymond :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring.) That a commission of five persons be
appointed by the President of tho United States to
consider and report to Congress at its next session
upon the necessity of some more speedy, cheap, and
reliable means of transportation betwoen the west-
ern States and the Atlantic sea-board; and to submit
some plan, whether by law or treaty, whereby tho
national Government can aid in providing for said
necessity if it shall bo found to exist: Provided, That
said commissioners shall receive no compensation for
their services, and no payment of any kind except
for such traveling expenses as they may actually
incur in discharging the duties imposed upon them
by this resolution.
Mr. RAYMOND. If the House is ready to
act upon this resolution at the present time, I
have no objection to its being acted upon.
But if it is to give rise to debate I prefer that
it should lie over.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] that if
there is serious objection to the resolution I
prefer that it should lie over. I have no spe-
cial interest in the matter. I supposed that
the resolution would be adopted without any
objection.
_ Mr. LE BLOND. I prefer that the resolu-
tion should lie over.
The SPEAKER.^ If there be no objection
tho resolution will lie over informally.
There was no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to inquire
who is expected to maintain and support the
officers provided for in the resolution if they
are to receive no compensation for their ser-
vices. Are outsiders to support them, or are
they to support themselves?
Mr. RAYMOND. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman a fact of which, perhaps, he is not
aware, that there are in the United States
gentlemen who are willing to render public
service and pay their own expenses. -
Mr. JOHNSON. Such gentlemen, I sup-
pose, as we often see around the lobbies here.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The resolution is not before the House, having
been laid over by unanimous consent.
recognition of fenian belligerency.
The next resolution lying over under the rule
was the following, offered on the 4th of June
by Mr. Clarke, of Ohio:
Resolved, That whereas the recent successes which
have attended the demonstrations of the Fenian or-
ganization, with the avowed purpose of liberating
Ireland from the oppressive rule "of Great Britain,
according to the laws of nations as interpreted by
British authorities, entitle said Fenian organization to
be regarded with respect and as entitled to the rights
of belligerents, that the Committeo on Foreign Affairs
be requested to inquire into the propriety of recom-
mending such action as may be proper to secure that
object.
The resolution was not agreed so.
damages by rebels in pennsylvania.
The next resolution lying over under the rule
was the following, offered on the 11th of June
by Mr. Coffroth :
Whereas during the late civil war the sixteenth
congressional district of Pennsylvania was invaded
by the entire rebel army under General Lee, aad
which remained in said district about three weeks,
and to repel and drive out the rebel forces tho Army
