1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GECffiE.
139'
39th Cons....1st
Rights of Citizens—Mr. Rogers.
Ho. of Reps.
or Lord Coke. It is a technical phrase, peculiar to
prize courts, and-depends upon principles of public
policy as distinguished from the common law."—
Prize Canon, 671.
Following this argument,'the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the prize cases, says:
"The laws of war, as established among nations,
have their foundation in reason, and all tend to mit-
igate the cruelties and misery produced by the scourge
of war; hence the parties to a civil war usually con-
cede to each other belligerent rights; they exchange
prisoners, and adopt other courtesies and rules com-
mon to public or national wars."
I here refer to the case of Luther to. Borden,
7 Howard's Reports, where, while disctfssing
the fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, Chief Justice Taney says:
"Underthisarticle" * * * "itrests
with Congress to decide what government is the es-
tablished one in a State, por, as the United States
guaranty to each State a republican government,
Congress must necessarily decide whatgoverament is
established in a State before it can determine whether
it is republican or not."
Then, referring to the clause relating to do-
mestic violence, the Chief Justice adds:
_ "So, too, as relates to the clause in the above men-
tioned article of the Constitution providing for cases
of domestic violence. Itrosted with Congress to de-
termine the means proper to be adopted to fulfill this
guarantee. They migjit.if they had deemed it most
advisable to do so, have placed it in the power of a
court to decide when the contingency had happened
which required the Federal Government to interfere.
But Congressthoughtotherwise, and,no doubt, wisely;
and by the act of February 28,1795, provided that 'in
case of an insurrection in any State against the gov-
ernment thereof it shall be lawful for the President
of the United States to call forth such numbersof the
militia of any State or States as may be applied for
as he may judge sufficient to suppress the insurrec-
tion.' By this act the power of deciding whether the
exigency had arisen upon which the Government of
the United States is bound to interfere is given to the
President." *   * * "If there is an
armed conflict" * * * * "itisacaseof
domestic violence, and one of the parties must be in
insurrection against the lawful Government. And
the President must of necessity decide which is the
government and which party is unlawfully arrayed
against it before he can perform the duty imposed on
him by Congress."
In the case of the Amy Warwick, in admi-
ralty, Judge Sprague, of Massachusetts, said:
"It has been supposed that if theGovernment have
the rights of a belligerent, then, after the rebellion is
suppressed, it will have the rights of conquest: that
a State and its inhabitants may be permanently di-
vested of all political privileges, and treated as for-
eign territory acquired by arms." This is an error, a
grave and dangerous error. Belligerentrightcannot
be exercised where there are no belligerents. Con-
quest of a foreign country gives absolute unlimited
sovereign rights, but no nation ever makes such a
conquest of its own territory. If a hostile Power,
either from without or within, take and holds pos-
session and dominion over any portion of its terri-
tory, and the nation by force of arms expel or over-
throwthe enemy and suppresses hostilities, itacquires
no new title, but merely regains the possession of that
of which it had been temporarily deprived. The na-
tion acquires no new sovereignty, but merely main-
tains its previous rights.
When the United States take possession of a rebel
district, they merely vindicate their preexistingtitle.
Underdespotic Governments the right of confiscation
may be unlimited: but under our Government the
right of sovereignty over any portion of a State is
given and limited by the Constitution, and will be
the same after the war as it was before.
The Constitution says that each State shall
have at least one Representative. (Article 1,
section 2.) It also says that no State with-
out its consent shall be deprived of its equal
suffrage in the Senate even by an amendment
to the Constitution. Yet we are violating our
oaths of office to support the Constitution by
refusing the positive commands of it. It says
the States shall have their equal suffrage in
the Senate and at least one Representative.
"We say they shall not.
Sir, we are now doing what the confederacy
attempted to do, and what the whole United
States attempted to prevent during the war.
The confederates claimed that these were States.
They even introduced into their system the
Constitution of the United States, with, I-be-
lieve, only two exceptions, the one extending
the time during which the President should
hold his position and excluding him from re-
election, and the other doing away with com-
pelling one State to surrender to another
fugitive slaves, as the law existed before the
southern States made war on the Union. The
South fought four years 'to preserve these as
States,' and the North did the same, W<e spent
$3,000,000,000 in debt and the States $1,800,-
000,000, and we called out two "million brave
men to prevent these' States frorii destroying
themselves and going out; and yet after all
this action of the Federal Government and all
the power exerted by the two armies sustain-
ing theindividuality andth estatus of theStates,
we have here honorable gentlemen, men of
learning and intelligence, and, I hope and be-
lieve, of patriotism, who are claiming that these
States are out of the Union and dead'States,
and have no right to participate in the legisla-
tion of the country without-a law of Congress
for that purpose.
I say to you men on the other side who are
conservative, pause and think before you allow
radicalism in this House to destroy these States
and the liberties of the people of this country.
I say sink and perish any party rather than give
up the glorious old stars and stripes of the old
Union. I will join with you in every act or
movement by whatever name you may call it,
against radicalism and for the purpose of per-
petuating those liberties which your fathers and
my fathers intended should be transmitted by
us to our descendants to the remotest genera-
tions of the world. Yet there is no party that
can save the country but the Democratic, and
in that organization I propose we all rally.
Sir, the President of the United States is doing
all he can to secure representation to these
States. He treats them' as States in the Union,
as they have always been treated, and it is
only because he is using the constitutional pow-
ers given to him to carry out that view he is
denounced upon1 the floor of this House as a-
man who two hundred years ago would -have
had his head brought to the block. All that I
ask is that the President of the United States
may have wisdom to persevere in his present
course. I believe that he is an instrument in
the hands of Almighty God, placed here to save
the liberties of this people. I believe that the
Almighty has, before this, intervened for the
Democratic party; and I believe that He will
now so guide this people that the radicals here
and elsewhere will be unable to thwart the
wise movement of the President of the United
States in sustaining the Constitution, in per-
petuating our form of government, and in using
his power so -that every stripe and every star
shall be retained that ever graced the glorious
banner of the United States of America.
T have confidence, too, that that Providence
which watched over this Republic in its infancy,
which hovered over the cradle where this nation
was bom, will, through the'agency of Andrew
Johnson, still work out the salvation of the
American people. Looking to our greatness
in all the elements of national power, our pop-
ulation, our wealth; our mechanical skill and
industry, the day; is not far distant when that
bright and beautiful flag will gather back to its
starry folds every star that ever represented an
independent State of this Union, and our ban-
ner shall be lifted up, the symbol of the proud
principle of civil liberty, which will give us
strength and power to smother treason at home
and repel invasion from abroad; and under
that proud banner, we will proclaim to the halls
of the Montezumas and to the monarchies of
the Old World that every man, woman, and
child on the western continent are free. May
God speed the day when the people will rally
in their might and at the ballot-box decide
whether they want this Union dissolved or not.
I am for the Union, the indivisible Union, j
the Union of our fathers, the Union made by i
Washington, by Jay, and by Jefferson; the
Union that has given to us peace, happiness, i
greatness, grandeur, and glory such as never
bo I on red to any other nation since the founda-
tion of the civilized world. I do not want such
a Union as the radicals of this country are try-
ing to set up for me. Their Union is a Union
of despotism, a Union of tyranny, a Union not
of independent fraternal States each legislating
for itself upon its own domestic affairs:
I agree with Bancroft and the preachers of
the gospel all over the land, that God, in His?
wis? providence, aets in mysterious ways. And '
I believe that the angel of peace is now hover-
ing over ns, and will soon proclaim the glad'
tidings to the land, of peace and good-will to-
ward all men. Mr. Johnson acts as President
through the interposition of Providence, ahd I
believe he will carry out His gre'at purpose. I
am willing to welcome them back like prodigal'
sons, and say to them, let us join together in;
such a way that if we get into a war with a for-
eign country we can marshal an army in the'
South as well as in the North, and show such1
an arrayof numbers, patriotism, and talent as
to defy the combined Powers of Europe in at-
tempting to establish monarchy and despotism
anywhere throughout this great continent.
1 am a radical for constitutional liberty. You
will -never find me voting to sustain any man
unless that man stands within the very line,'
letter; and spirit of the Constitution. I was" one
of the eight, as is well known, who voted against'
thanking Andrew Johnson for keeping military-
power and control over the southern States;
and although I respect him, and will st&nd'/by
him in his reconstruction policy and ev"ery con-
stitutional movement he makes to restore these'
States to the Union, when he violates the
Constitution, I shall protest, as I did against the
last Administration.
Mr. SPALDING. I would inquire of the
Chair how much time remains of that allowed
the gentleman fromNew Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.]
The SPEAKER.' About five mintites.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that his time be
extended without limitation. [Cries of" That's
right."
Mr: HARDING, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. MOULTON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] a.'
question.
Mr. ROGERS. All right; go on.
Mr. MOULTON. I understand the gentle-
man to say that on one occasion he refused to
vote to eulogize President Johnson'.
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MOULTON. I would like to ask him
whether that was before or after the veto mes-
sage.'
Mr. ROGERS. It was aftei; the veto mes-
sage.
Mr. MOULTON. On what occasion?
Mr. ROGERS. It was on a resolution which
was passed on the afternoon of the day when
the veto message was sent into the Senate.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. It was
while the veto message was being read in the
Senate.
Mr. RO GERS. It was then known all over
the House that the President had vetoed that
bill. _ *
I want my constituents and the country to
understand that I support Andrew Johnson only
so far as he supports the Constitution. When
he goes against the Constitution, I will go
against him. I will protest against despotism
and tyranny when exercised by any President,
tyrant, or monarch on the face of the earth.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I desire to askthe gen-
tleman from New Jersey whether he had heard
of the veto or knew that it was coming before
he gave that vote.
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir; I knew that it was
coming probably before the gentleman did. I
will bet that I did. [Laughter. ]
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New Jersey a question. If l am cor-
rect in my recollection. the gentleman dissented
from the Chicago platform upon which Gen-
eral McClellan was nominated.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to apoint
of order. I submit that the Chicago platform
is not under discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
