1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
cepting by the consent of the law-making power
of the Government.
Now, I will say to the people of the south-
ern States that, until you show fruits meet for
repentance; that until there is loyalty and pa-
triotism enough in the southern States to secure
and protect life, liberty, property, and equality
of rights to all, you are in no condition to be
admitted among the loyal States, and ought
not to be, and will not be: therefore your pres-
ent political aspirations to be admitted into the
Union should cease. Let your attention be
directed to the improvement of your shattered
fortunes, your morals, your humanity, and loy-
alty. In this way only, in my opinion, can
you ever regain those privileges which are now
justly denied to you.
Mr. Speaker, this Government will be pre-
served with all its glories and its inestimable
blessings. Those who have defended this Union
against the machinations of rebels and traitors
will take care that all the privileges, immuni-
ties, and guarantees of this Government shall
be transmitted unimpaired to posterity.
Let justice, humanity, liberty, and equality
ever be the motto of the American Republic.
Mr. MYE ItS. Mr. Speaker, we are passing
through the most interesting periods of Ameri-
can history. No higher duties, no graver
responsibilities, no pronder privileges ever
devolved upon men than those which the Ameri-
can people have accepted and discharged in the
last five years. Every attribute of manhood
has been called forth by the struggle for a na-
tion's existence, until purified by the ordeal we
have risen in the scale of honor and of civili-
zation. Happy in the arts of pcace, treason's
poisoned dagger found us unarmed. Yet to-
day rebellion aud treason lie prostrate, while
the slave power which for years sapped the
foundations of our liberties, at last shiking at
the life of the Republic, learned, in its own
dying agonies, that there is nothing so terrible
as the wratli of a free people. 1 need not re-
count the story of these years of battle, when
the rivers were reddened and the fields drenched
with the blood of those who should have been
brothers. The right has triumphed. Unsym-
pathizing nations abroad have taken good heed
of it. We are at this time the most powerful
empire on the globe. Nor have I the time to
signalize acts of heroism where all were heroes.
The trumpet of fame will be broken when they
are forgotten, tt'ho shall tell of the unreturn-
ing brave or sprinkle over their graves the
sweet incense of a nation's gratitude? Un-
numbered thousands of them went down to
death, willingly as the bridegroom to the altar.
But they died that liberty might live, and a
Union preserved is their monument, imperish-
able as the eternal hills. What meed of praise,
what public honors, what 'high rewards can
suffice for their noble survivors, many of them
maimed and crippled forever in this holiest of
causes? Where shall the balm be found for
those who sorrow, and like Rachel, mourn-
ing for their children too, will not be com-
forted?
We have been lifted out of the sordid and
common-place into the generous, the lofty, and
patriotic, the purest sympathies of our nature
constantly brought into action. A world looked
on amazed as courage unsurpassed, faith un-
tiring, charity beyond bounds, and zealous love
of country won for ns the moral as well as
physical victory. Childhood already girded
on the sword for the conflict. The women
were worthy of the women of the Revolution.
As words of cheer from homo strengthened
the arms of our defenders, from camp and deck
and battle-front their thanks were echoed;
while amid the very thunder of artillery the
American soldier, still the American citizen,
sealed with his ballot the vcrdict of the peoffle,
whose voice in this happy land has always been
more potent than bayonets.
Mr. Speaker, the Representatives of the
people reflected this overwhelming sentiment.
The bolder their stand the more loudly were
they applauded. They voted men, and as from
the teeth sown by Cadmus in the olden my-
thology, or at the whistle of Roderick Dhu,
men sprang up in every furrow and by every
hill-side. They voted money and laid heavy
taxes to obtain it. The citizens gladly paid
the taxes and took the Government loans, a
million a day. The shafts of death thinned
our armies. Conscription laws, at all times un-
pleasant, were received almost without a mur-
mur, and through the popular exertions rarely
needed to be enforced. Generals failed; amid
universal acquiescence Congress placed a lieu-
tenant general over them who knew no such
word as fail. It gave higher pay and bounty
and pension for the soldier and sailor. It
thanked the brave on all fitting occasions.
With a President, whose name will ever' be
coupled with that of the Father of his Country,
the Cabinet and national Legislature faltered
not in this trying emergency. In field and
council, at home and abroad, the people of the
North were true, and the boast of the Roman
was not prouder than that of him who could
say "I am an American citizen."
When I speak of the people I mean the ma-
jority. The right of the majority to rule is
the principle underlying all our institutions.
The rebellion was a rebellion against this prin-
ciple. The overthrow of the confederacy is its
triumph and vindication. In the North it
continued to be respected. During all this
bloody strife, however, a factious minority to
the extent of its power clogged the progress of
the national arms. The masses are always
honest, but designing leaders, ambitious of
power rather than false to their country, en-
deavored to misguide them.
When the life of the nation was trembling in
the balance, when nothing but the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus could save it, these
leaders quibbled less as to its necessity than as
to where the power was vested. Abraham Lin-
coln cut the Gordiau knot, suspended the writ,
and saved the country. The quibblers spent
years denying that he did it constitutionally,
although Congress had ratified the legality of
the act. Reenforcements were begged for at
the front; the faetionists denounced the draft
and the enlistment of negroes, although these
measures added half a million to our armies;
they opposed the soldier's cause: they denied
him the right to vote ; lliey voted to continue
slavery. In a word, they clung to the slave
power, asserted the war for the Union to be a
failure, and when the cup of victory was at the
very lips of the nation would have dashed it to
the earth.
Mr. Speaker, after the disastrous battle of
Cannas the Roman Senate waited on Terentius
Varro, thanking him that at least he had not
despaired of the republic.
What shall be said of those who, in the full-
ness of our strength, when our arms were tri-
umphant and our cause nearly won, almost
paralyzed the public energies by despairing of
the contest ?
The irresistible logic of events swept over
them like an avalanche, and their posterity may
be grateful if it has covered them with the
waters of oblivion.
With those exceptions, as I have said, the
North was true. In the South, if loyalty ex-
isted, it was hid from us by a wall of fire.
Mr. Speaker, the war is over; the spirit of
the rebellion is tfot all dead, but armed resist-
ance to the national authorit}- has ceased. The
sword has done its work, and the duties of
statesmanship step in to perfect it. The Thirty-
Ninth Congress meets to consider questions of
greater magnitude than have been presented
since the formation of the Government. The
eyes and the hopes of patriots everywhere are
turned to it. The telegraphic flashes of its dis-
cussions from day to day are eagerly scanned.
By every hearth-stone where there is a vacant
chair—from every corner of the land where
loyal hearts beat—North and South, the prayer
ascends to heaven that all this blood and agony
and sacrifice may not have been in vain, that
the dreadful lessons of these sad years shall not
pass unheeded ; above all, that those whom the
people have chosen to legislate for them shall,
in the great work of reorganization, be true to
the principles which triumphed in the contest,
and see to it well that the germs of another
rebellion are excluded in the organic laws
which are to unite us again.
And now, let us, as Representatives of a
great nation, counsel together, for if we fail in
our duty now the wrong may be irreparable; if
we discharge it manfully and justly, millions yet
unborn shall rise and call us blessed.
One great question overshadows while it in-
cludes all the rest. The eleven States which
attempted secession are knocking at the doora
of Congress claiming immediate admission for
those whom they have ehosen Senators and
Representatives. Are these States entitled at
this time to such recognition ?
And again, who shall admit or reject them?
What are the grounds, if any, for their present
exclusion, and what the conditions and qualifi-
cations requisite to secure them representation?
In determining this whole subject, sir, im-
portant as it is, we need no line-spun theories.
The law is so plain that he who runs may read
it. A calm statement of the facts will suggest
the remedy, solving any difficulty.
It is useless to discuss whether the rebel
States have ever been out of the Union. Some
stoutly assert that secession not being legal was
impossible. A successful revolution would
certainly have contradicted this idea. Again,
if the people of South Carolina, dissatisfied with
the Government, had all left her borders, the
territorial limits of the State only would have
remained. The rebellion, however, failed, and
there was no honorable hegira. These States
and their people were all the time legally in
the Union; the triumph of ourarms alone made
them actually so once more. But one thing
all can agree upon. For four years these eleven
States were beyond the national control. They
defied the Constitution and laws of the Union.
They set up a new constitution, anti-republican
and founded on slavery. As States, so far as
they could, they severed the bonds which knit
them to the rest. They broke up their old
State governments and erected new ones and
made new laws to suit the condition they were
trying to bring about. Whether they were in
or out of the Union is quite immaterial. Only
three days before his death Mr. Lincoln pro-
nounced this "a merely pernicious abstrac-
tion.1' "We all agree," said lie, "that the
seceded States, so-called, are outof their proper
practical relation with the Union, and that the
sole object of the Government, civil and mili-
tary, is to again get them into that proper prac-
tical relation." President Johnson, in his an-
nual message, tells us "their functions are
suspended." I accept these definitions, and
believe in them.
A suspension of functions necessitates a res-
toration by some power, or the State as such
will die. Who has the power to restore it.'
Some contend that the Executive has it, others
that it rests with Congress. The solution is an
easy one. The law-making power is supreme
in this land, and except where the assent of
the Executive aids in passing the law, his sole
power is to execute it.
Either the rebellious States could legally at
any time during the rebellion have resumed
their places in the Congress of the Union or
they could not. Tf the law then or now would
have permitted it, then or now it could be done
without order, direction, or authority from the
President. The decision, then, rests either with
these States or with Congress.
I No sane man will assert the monstrous doc-
! trine that the confederacy could have kept its
! armies in the field and sent even loyal men to
I the Congress of the United States. War then
: makes a difference. The laws which were vio-
; lated by foul rebellion cannot be held up as its
shield. The parent authority, it is true, might
have consented at any time to a restoration,
and while the war brought no change of civil
relations was willing on a due submission to do
so ; but the party who breaks the contract can-
not set it up at his pleasure, and though these
rebel States violently suspended their own func-
