MO-
APPFiNBIX TO ffHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
SEJUSEfc
Representation of Rebel Slates—Mr. Wilson.
39th Cong.... 1st Sm
Mr. VAN HORN", of .Missouri. .The Chi-
cago platform was decide^ out of order in 1864.
■ KELLEY. J made that remark about
the Chicago platform as a, preliminary, to an-
otter question which X wish to ask. . ,
Xh^ SPEAKER. The gentleman from Now
Jersey must confine his remarks to the constitu-
tional amendment, or questions relative thereto.
Mr. ROGERS. Well. sir, I am trying to do.
so; and I thinly I am in the true line of the
argument when.I argue to, show that the object
of this constitufional amendment is to preyent
the eleven southern States-from resuming their
rightful places in the Union, I believe, thfit I
have adhered to the question- under discus-
sion-—-
Ihe SPEAKER. You have adhered to the
subject under debate.
. Mr. ICBLLEY._ If the gentleman from New
Jersey were permitted to answer my question,
the gentleman from Missouri would discover
that the inquiry which I propose to Jtiako is
entirely in order.
Mr. ROGERS. I have no objection to an-
swering. I have never in my life done any-
thing politically of which I am ashamed.
■ Mr. KELLEY. I am aware that the gentle-
mam does not object to answering.
Mr. ROGERS. I am perfectly willing to-be
catechised. I hope there will be no objection
on this side of the House.
Mr. II (.Hi A is. I will not insist on the point
of order. . .
Mr, KELLEY. I desire toknow whether the
gentleman from New Jersey dissented from- the
Chicago platform on which General McClellan
was nominated, or whether he sustained it.
Mr. ROGERS. I supported General McClel-
lan. I necessarily sustained. the main part of
that platform ; although, if I had had the draw-
ing of it, I would have embraced in ita declara-
tion m favor of a more vigorous prosecution of
the war than had been carried out by the Repub-
lican party up to the time when the Chicago
convention sat. - -
Mr. KELLEY. I now come to the mam
question which I propose to ask. The gentle-
man has asserted the indivisibility of the Union.
J.hat is a declaration which, coming from the
gentleman, astonished me j and I wish to know
when lie adopted that view.
, ROGERS. Well, sir, I do talk about
the indivisibility of the Union. I always -held
that opinion, i say that it never was divided.
J. he Chicago platform never declared that it
was divided. It simply declared that so far the
war was a failure, as was the fact. When the
.Democracy saw that they would have to submit
to the unlawful stretch of power involved in the
abolition of slavery or allow the rebellion to
s«*eed, they rallied in their might, and when
all hopes of pacification and compromise were
gone, they used their most powerful efforts for
the prosecution of tlft war, and the result was,
they and the whole people North succeeded in
suppressing the rebellion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
i ^r--'fSi0jBY'1,Tllouon obtaining the floor,
had yielded to Mr. Rogers, whose time was
extended, resumed the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. I thought that my time had
been again extended.
The SPEAKER A proposition was made
to extend the gentleman's time, but objection
was made.
Mr. KELLEY. Ihopethe House will extend
the gentleman s time. I hope that the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] will be
allowed to finish his speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it can be made the
special order for an early day, and the discus-
sion confined withm a reasonable time and the
vote be then taken, I have no objection to it.
1 desire a full discussion of this measure. I
believe the interest of the country requires the
da°US8 ou^ ac' 011''' an(^ ac'011 ^ an early
Mr, SMITH. What has become of the prop-
osition granting an extension of time to the
gentleman from New Jersey to enable him to
finish his speech?
The SPEAKER. Objection was made, but
the Chair will jigain put it to the House.
Mr...SMITH. Is all thai; has since taken
place to be put into his speech ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER, No, sir.
Mr.-KELLEY. I am not willing that the
gentleman from ,New Jersey shall go on to-
morrow, but I am willing to give him the rest
of the day to finish the ingenious address which
he has -been making tp the House,
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Objection was, Jfla.de.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask that the gentleman
from New Jersey have leave to print the bal-
ance of bis speetfh.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not ask for leave to
psipt. I never write speeches.
Representation of Rebel States.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY WILSON,
0F MASSACHUSETTS,
In the Ssjtate of ,the Unite® States,
March %, 1866.
The Senate having under consideration the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate xionpurriiigJ That in order to close agitation upon
a*q^Jion which seems likely to disturb the action
ot the Government,as wellasto quiot theuneertainfy
which is agitating the minds of the people of the
eleven fetates which have, been declared to be in in-
spection, no Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into either branch of Congress from any of
said States until Congress shall hnvo declared such
otate entitled to such representation.
Mr. WILSON said:
Mr. Presides! : A stranger from the Old
World listening to-day to honorable Senators
inigh.t eonae to believe that eleven '£ wayward
sisters," robed in the garments of humility and
peaiieflee, are pleading in tender accents for
readmissiofi into this sisterhood of States, and
that their supplicating appeals are sternly and
rudely repelled by the other members of the
family. But that stronger, though unacquainted
with American affairs> would quickly discern
that these "wayward sisters" are not seeking
the protection of the. laws, for they are already
completely subject to the rules and regulations
of the household; but they are seeking for
power, for authority to frame rules and regula-
tions for the government of their loyal sisters.
He would speedily discover that the nation is
divided into two classes; that the one class
imperiously demands the immediate and un-
conditional admission into these Halls of
legislation of the rebellious States, rebel end
Joremost;that the other class seeks their ad-
mission into Congress at an early day loyal end
foremost. He would hear, too, the blended
voices of unrepentant rebels and rebel sympa
thizers and apologists mingling in full chorus-
not for the restoration of a broken Union, for
the unity and indivisibility of the Republic has
been assured on bloody fields of victory, but
for the restoration to these vacant chairs of the
" natural leaders" of the South.
Politicians here and elsewhere may deceive
themselves—they may affect to see what cannot
be seen with the clear vision of intelligent pa-
triotism, but the people who have given two
and a half million men, the blood of six hun-
dred thousand heroes, and $3,000,000,000 for
the unity of the Republic and the liberties of
the people, clearly comprehend the issues. A
loyal people instinctively see, amid the turmoil
and excitement of the present, that this is not a
struggle for the readraission of the rebel States
mto the Union, but a struggle for the admis-
sion of rebels mto the legislative branches of
underT/f"161^ T" & Str"«?le'<> P t rebels
under the lows of the country, but a struggle
to enable rebels to frame the laws of the coun-
try. A loyal people see that the confederate
States reconstructed since the surrender of the
rebel armies are as completely in the hands of
rebels now as on the day Jeff. Davis was incar-
cerated at Portress Monroe.
Mr, President, we have indeed fallen upon
eventful, exciting, and sad tiroes. Unrepent-
ant rebels, rebel sympathizers, and apologists
-—the men whose hands are stained with "the
blood of more than half a million loyal heroes;
who starved the country's defenders at An-
dersonvill®, Salisbury, and Belle Isle; plotted
in the dark and troubled night of civil war in
the secret ledges of the1' Knights of the Golden
Circle" and the "Sons of Liberty" for the
overthrow of their struggling country; lighted
the fires of riot and arson in the city of New
York, and planned the assassination of Abra-
ham Lincoln, are leaping with joy and shout-
ing with exultation over the present deplorable
aspect ©f national affairs. Rebel presses boast
that they have published nothing since the vic-
tory at JIanassas so gratifying as the Presi-
dent's veto to tire bill for theFrpprbripn'o R„.
j ^ J niv x l Wl'
dent's veto to lire bill for theFreedmen's Bu-
reau. Rebel leaders bear themselves toward
northern ipen, officers of the Army, and the
tried and true loyal men of the South more
insolently than ever. Returned rebel soldiers
and kindred spirits are avenging themselves for
the humiliations of defeat by insults, outrages,
barbari ties, and murders of harmless freedmen.
Politicians _irl the loyal States, who rejoiced
over the .disasters of their country anil sor-
rowed over the victories of its heroes on land
and wave, are inspired anew in the work of
vituperation and detraction. William B. Reed,
the Democratic leaderin Pennsylvania, gives as
a sentiment to be drank in flowing bowls by the
<Slite of the Democracy of Philadelphia, ''Our
illustrious statesman incarcerated at Fortress
Monroe." Vallandigha-m, who kept watch and
ward m the summer of 1804 over the border
for the development of incipient treason in the
great Northwest, now flies his flag. Returned
lebels, and men of questionable loyalty, dose-
crate Washington's birthday here in the na
tional capital. Presses t^iat one year ago
sneered at Abraham Lincoln as an "ignorant
rail-splitter.," and at Andrew Johnson- as a
boorish tailor," now pour their malignity
upon the Congress of the United States, and
more than hint at the dispersion of the rep-
resentatives of the people by. the hand of law-
less violence or executive usurpation. A11 that
is disloyal from the Susquehanna to the Rio
Grande, and the champions of slavery and caste
everywhere, are exultant, defiant, aggressive.
The poor freedmen, who a few months' n<*o
were leaping and laughing with the jo v of new-
found liberty, invoking the blessings of Heaven
upon the Government that had stricken the
galhng manacles'from their limbs, are now
trembling w^fch apprehension, evervwhero sub-
ject to indignity, insalt, outrage, and murder.
During the past four months, in Alabama alone,
fourteen hundred cases ofassault upon freedmen
have been brought before the Freed men's Bu-
reau. Ihousands and tens of thousands of
harmless black men, from the Potomac to the
Rio Grande, have been wronged and outraged
by violence, and hundreds upon hundreds have
been murdered. 'Ihe offices and the agencies
of the Freedmen's Bureau, of the officers of our
SJSwAi? of Judge Advocate Gen-
eial Holt aic filled with the records of outrage
and murder. Ihe local authorities screen the
murderers; the people protest against the pun-
gent of white men for the murder of Mad-
men, and the murderers go unpunished.
Mr. President, m hundreds of thousandsof the
i   i h?Ioya P?°P,e'  "ho in the autumn of
the',r,iaily Prayers ° 
trv!? trTmPh of their Struggling conn-
try and for the election of Abraham Lincoln and
hi™ 11 there are manly hearts throb*
&   h anxieties and gloomy fore-
ha™ t0bitm<!n' md nobl(! too,
a vpll fV tk"'. .ho ,e? a,Kl'? « throauh "'any
hliir.-ill;t • 1tn"p ot liberty, justice, and
y m America. They hoped whon the
