em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
in comparison with. ours, the Government has
found it well to insist upon Englishmen who
wish to work the raw materials of the country
coming with capital and machinery to furnish
employment to the men, women, and children
of the country with the growth of the land, and
t© supply agricultural stimulants and a market
for agricultural products within its limits, rather
'than repeat the unsuccessful experiment of
clothing the people in foreign goods by selling
their raw material at a price fixed by a distant
customer and buying it back in cloth at prices
fixed by the same party. Will the American
people never learn this simple lesson?
SECRET OF BONAPAJRTE' S POWER.
The firstNapoleon said, and his words cannot
be too often repeated in a republican country,
a majority of whose people are dependent on
their labor:
"111 feudal times there was one kind of property—
land; buttherehasgrownupanothcr—industry. They
are alike entitled to the protection and dciense ot tho
Government."
And how did he attempt to protect and defend
what was and ever will be almost the only prop-
erty and dependence of the majority of the peo-
ple—their skill and industry ? Let us learn from
Chaptal, his Minister of the Interior, who in his
work on the Industry of Franco, says:
"A sound legislation on tho subjcct of duties on im-
ports is tho true safeguard of agriculture and manu-
facturing; industry. It countervails tho disadvantages
under which our manufactures laboi from tho condi-
tion of tho price of workmanship or fuel. Jt shields
the rising arts by prohibitions, thus preserving them
from tho rivalship of toreignera until theyariivo at
completeperfection. It tends to establish the national
independence,arid enriches the country by useful la-
bor,which,as I have repeatedly said,is the piincipal
source of wealth." s- «• i * '"It has been
almost everywhere found that rising manufacture* a ro
unable to struggle against establishments cemented
by time, nourished by numerous capita Is, with a credit
established by continued succor, and conducted by
numbers of experienced and skillful artists. We have
been forced to have recourse to prohibition to ward
off tho competition of foreign productions." !
* * " T go further: even at the present time, when
theso various species of industry are in a nourishing
state, when thero is nothing to desire with regard to
tho price or quality of our productions, a duty of but
fifteen per cent., which would open the door to the
competition of foreign fabrics, would shake to their
foundations all tho establishment* which exist in
Franco. Our stoves would in a few days be crowded
with foreign merchandise, whirh irou/'i be Hold at any
priro in on/or to cxtinuitinh our inr/ittt)-)/. Our manufac-
tories would be d' voU'd to idleness through tho im-
possibility of the propiictois making the same sacri-
iioes as foreigners; and we should behold the same
scenes as followed tho treaty of commerce of 178(5,
although it was concluded on the ha^is ol fifteen per
cent."   * k . *
" Cotton yarn forms the raw mntciinl of our numer-
ous laces and enlieoes. i f we freely open our ports to
thin material, which has undergone but a Muscle opera-
tion, behold the infallible results. One hundred mil-
lion livrcs at present pioduetion would bo destroyed
for the spinning manufactures of Franco, been use it is
invested in building*, utensils, and machinery con-
structed foi this put posealone, two tiundi ed 1 hous.iud
persons would be deprived of employment; eighteen
millions of manual labor would bo Iom to France, and
our commerce would be depi i\ ed of one of its pi mei-
pai resource-, which consists in the transportation of
cotton and wool from Asia and Amnion. to Franco.
"bet it not be presumed that 1 deceive myself. 1
am well acq u.tinl ed \\ 11 li J h< - .-tat c of our ( of! on .spin-
ning and thai of the two nei-rhboi imr countries, in
Franco, it is true, manual labor U cheat), but on the
other .-ade moio extensive establishments, supported
by Liri.ce enpifaK afford advantages against which it
is impossible for us as yet to struggle. To this must
be added that the Englissh spuming machinery ha^
bem in use for sixty yearn, that the propnotois are
indemnified for all the expenses of their first establish-
ment, that the profits have been converted into new
capital.n whereas ours <u-e of recent formarion, and the
interest of the first investment ought for a loni; time
to be computed in all the oaleulal ion^ of the profits of
the manufactory. The English manulaeturer, reim-
bursed for his first investment, and possessing a large
capital, it nil? to inako "ttcrifiefv to ovni hehti and level
ud,yvhereas the French manufacturer is destitute of
defense unless protected by the tariff."
Chaptal understood as thoroughly as Broug-
ham that England had the power, raid that it
was her constant policy to t; stifle the infant
manufactures'1 of other nations ''in the cra-
dle ' His language is as applicable to our in-
terests now as it was to those of Prance when
uttered^ and we can find no other safeguard for
our agricultural and commercial interests than
such sound legislation on the subjcct of duties
on nn ports as protected the infant but rising
manufactures of .France.
I cannot aostaiu, sir, from submitting to your
consideration in this connection a brief speci-
men of vigorous condensation from the in-
structive address of John L. Hayes, Esq., be-
fore the National Association of Wool Manu-
facturers :
"No soon or had the First Consul,.Bonaparte,grasped
with a firm hand the reins of state, than he resolved
to develop upon the French soil all the elements of
wealth concealed within its bosom. He wished to ap-
propriate for France all sciences, arts, and industries.
Made a member of the Institute he uttered this noble
sentiment: ' The true power of the French republic
should consist, above all, in its not allowing a single
new idea to exist which it does not make its own
to learn the necessities and resources of the nation,
he called upon savans, painters, and artisans to adorn
with their productions the vast hall of the Louvre.
From this epoch a new career was opened to tho in-
dustry of France, which found its most magnificent
protector in tho chief of the State. Napoleon said :
Spain has twenty-five million merinos; I wish
France to ha.ve a hundred millions.' To effect this,
among other administrative aids, he established sixty
additionalsheep-foldsito those,of Ilambouillct, where
agriculturists could obtain the use of Spanish rams
without cxpcnssc. By the continental blockade, he
closed France and the greater part of Fuiope against
English importations; and the manufacturers of
France were pushed to their utmost to supply, not
only their domestic, but European consumption.
They had to replace, by imitating them, the English
commodities to which the people had been so long
accustomed. The old routines of manufacturing were
abandoned, and the reign of the emperor became, in
all the industrial arts, one long scries of discoveries
and progress. Napoleon saw that the conquer of the
industry of England was no less important than the
destruction of its fleets and armies, lie appealed to
patriotism, as well as science and the art-3, to aid him
in his strife with the modern Carthage. Visiting the
cshiblishment for printing calicoes of the celebrated
Oberhampf, Napoleon said to him, as he saw tho per-
fection of the fabrics;. 'We are both of ns carrying
on a war with England; but I think that yours, alter
all, is the best.' 'These word0,' says M. Ilandoing,
'so flattering andso.iu>-t. wore rcpeatedfromone end
of Fiance to the other; they so inflamed the imagi-
nations of the people that the meanest artisan, be-
lieving himself calledupon to be the auxiliary of the
great man, had but one thought, the ruin of Eng-
land.' "
WHAT rnOTttCTlOX HAS DONE YOU OHIlMAXY.
Eeforc the establishment of the XoH-Vorein,
which occurred in Germany exported raw
materials. Having sold her skins for a six-
pence, she bought back what few tails she could,
at any pricc. iter laboring people were poor,
and, as is now the case in Ireland, in such ex-
cess of her ability to feed and clothe them, that
she was ever ready to sell a contingent to any
party that might be engaged in war, and if need
be to swell the ranks of both contending armies
in any war. in the absence of profecth e duties,
there was nothing of so little value to her as an
able-bodied German peasant. Put the estab-
lishment of thai Customs-Union has changcd
all this. It protects her industry, and as a
consequence she imports raw materials from
America and all other countries that adhere to
her ancient semi-barbarous policy, and exports
her grain and wool condensed into broadcloth
and tho multiform products of well-protected
industry. The annual crop derived from her
soil increases per aero steadily as that of hmg-
land, and in about the ratio of the diminution of
ours. Yv ise laws have hero again demonstrated
t.iie truth that 1 hei e is a hnrnumy l>e(v, eon the
vaiicd interests of the people of a country, and
that by a wide and universal diversification of
employments the welfare of each and all is
advanced.
Forty years ago England had not perfected
her protective system so far as to admit all raw
materials free of duty, and Germany sold her
thirty million pounds of raw wool, upon which
she collected a duty of twelve cents a pound,
part of which when manufactured into low-
grades of cloth she sold at immense profits in
Germany. But thirty years of protection have
changed all this. Germany now raises o\er
se\enty million pounds of wool, and imports
very considerable r(uaniities: and having com-
pacted her grain and wool into fme cloths she
exports them to all parts of the world. When
the Zoll-Verein was formed, says Henry C.
Carey,
"The total import of row cotton and cotton yarn
about three hundred thousand eu^ ; hut so ranid
was the extension ol < he manufactuie that inles-athan
six yoara it had doubled , and .-o cheaply were cot Lou
goods supplied, i hi\t i! la ri;o ok port trade bad alr'% idy
anson. In 1S-J5, when the uni-m was button years
old, the import oi'cocton and yam had reached a mil-
lion of hundred weights, and since that time thoro
has been a large increase. The iron manufacture,
also, grew so rapidly that whereas* in 1834, the con-
sumption had been only eleven pounds per head, in
1847 it had risen to twcatj-livc pounds, having thus
more than doubled; and with each step in this direc
tion, the people were obtaining better machinery for
cultivating the land and for converting its raw prod-
ucts into manufactured ones."
washington, jeptehson, axi> jackson.
In what strange contrast with this policy so
fruitful of blessings has been tlvat which we
have pursued, and of which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Vooriiees] claims President John-
son as an adherent. Opposed to privileged
classes, we have legislated in the interests of but
one class, and that an oligarchy; proclaiming
i!the greatest good of the greatest number" as
our supreme desire, we haye so legislated as to
impair the value of labor, the only property of a
majority of our people j vaunting our national
independence, we have so legislated as to pre-
vent our escape from a condition of commercial,
manufacturing, and financial dependence j and
while justly proud of our general intelligence,
we have so legislated as to justify the manufac-
turing and commercial nations of the world in
classing us among the semi-barbarous govern-
ments whose people, rich in natural wealth, have •
not the capacity to mold and transmute raw
materials into articles of utility, comfort, and
refinement, and in ranking the people of the
United States, in their estimation, with those of
Turkey, Portugal, Ireland, and tho mixed races
of Central and .South America. The fathers of
the country were, in this matter, wiser than their
children. They had suffered from the rigid en-
foreementby Great Ilritain of Andrew Gee's sug-
gestion to ''keep a watchful eye over our colo-
nies, and restrain them from setting up any of
the manufactures which are carried on in Great
Britain and they knew that if the nation they
| had founded was to be powerful, and its people
prosperous, they must be relieved from that
policy by the only means possible—the adher-
ence to those defensive laws which would pro-
tect an infant against the aggressions of a giant.
The Constitution was adopted in l'/.'w; Presi-
dent Washington was inaugurated in J V5U, and
in his address of the 8th of January, 17^0, said:
"The safety and interest of the people require that
they should piomote such manufactures a* tend to
render them, independent of others for essential, par-
ticularly for military supplier."
And on the lotli of the same month, Con-
gress resolved
"That it be referred to the Seeretarj of the Treas-
ury to piopose find repoi t to tin*- floiw a propei plan
or plans conformably to the recommendations of tho
President m his speecit to both Houses ol Congress,
for the eu'-oniagcmcnt and promotion of fu< b m<imi-
factui ck as will tend to render the United States inde-
pendent of other nations for essential, particulaily for
military supplies."
j| And in 17^1 Congress adopted an act for
!' imposing duties on imports, the preamble of
i which contains the following language :
! " Where;::' it is lm; essavj for the ;-unpoi t of the (rov-
j eminent, for tho dif-ehaixcof the debts of tbeUhUed
Slates, c.id tho ouoii ratio, urn* mi'/ }>k>U t i ion • >!' inanii-
| f'acfvrt v, 1 ],,• t duth -• he laid on good*, w are., and intr-
; ch.mdi^e imported/'
i In a communication five years later than this,
j Washington said:
I "Congress have repeatedly directed their attention
[ to the encouragement of manufactures. The obiott
I is ot too much impoitanee not f o injure a continuance
! of the e efforts in every way which ..-hall appc av eligi-
ble."
And Mr. Jefferson, in his message of 1802,
said that—
"To cultivate peace, maintain commerce and nav-
igation, to foster our fishciics, and protect mnnufac-
tui c-' ad ^.pted to oui cuvumstancer, &o., are theInnd-
maiks by which to guide ourselves in alio m relations."
Tho«c expressions are inconsistent with the
opinions adverse to the policy of fostering man-
ufacturers in this country embodied by jeffer-
son in his Xotcs on Virginia in 178o; buthewas
not one of those fools who hold it a weakness
to change an opinion, even under the disci-
pline of experience: and in a letter to Mr. Ben-
jamin Austin, dated January '<>. 3d!G, when the
subject of a protective tariff was agitaf cd by the
people and was about to be brought to the at-
tention ot Congress, said in support of his ma-
j tured judgment:
i "You tell me I am quoted by those who wish to
i continue our dependence on England for manutac-
