1866.] s
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
:59th Cong.... 1st
Representation of Rebel States—Mr. Wilson.
Sena®.
slaveholders' rebellion was crashed, when the
cause their hearts love and their judgments
approve was supported by twenty-three out of
the twenty-five loyal States, that the Administra-
tion' they had intrusted with power would give
the coming three years to patriotism and liberty,
justice and humanity. They indulged the hope
that the executive, legislative, and judicial
branches of the Government would crowd these
yeare with deeds that should consolidate free
institutions, guard and hedge about popular
rights, extend the rule of justice, and quicken
the charities and humanities of the people.
Their hearts are now throbbing heavily with a
great sorrow, for they see that instead of spend-
ing the coming three years in strengthening the
patriotism, securing the liberties, and extending
the mild sway of equal justice to men of every
race, these precious years are to be wasted, squan-
dered in wicked wrangles, and in the use of the
corrupt and corrupting patronage of the Gov-
ernment to debauch the public morals and to
degrade the nation in the face of earth and of
heaven. Surely the spectacle is enough to make
the patriotic people, who, in November, 1864,
consecrated their treasure, life, and blood to
the maintenance o'f the unity of the country
and the preservation of the menaced life of the
nation, hang their heads in mortification, shame,
disappointment, and sadness. The loyal people
who stood by their country amid the storms of
civil war with unwavering constancy will hold
their public servants in all positions, in Con-
gress, in the Cabinet, in the executive chair,
to a stern responsibility.
Sir, why is it that the heart of a loyal people
throbs heavily with disappointment and sorrow ?
What, in God's name, have the loyal people of
America done that they should be so disap-
pointed, so punished, so humiliated? What
has the House of Representatives done that it
should be threatened with violence by revotu-
tiouary utterances ? What lias the Senate of the
United States done that a Senator should rise
hete this day and emphatically proclaim that,
"By the Eternal he would advise the President
to say to men elected to the Senate in the south-
ern States, ' Come here, unite with the Demo-
crats and conservative Republicans, call your-
selves the Senate of the United States, and I
will recognize you as the Senate of the United
States?' " Sir, whathave we done that we should
be forced to listen to these revolutionary and
treasonable utterances? These times remind me
of those dark days four years ago, when our ears
were pained with revolutionary and treasonable
avowals; when in the secret councils of the
Knights of the Golden Circle plans of treason
were matured ; when the Legislature of Illinois
attempted to impair the power of a faithful Exec-
utive who was arm'ng and sending her gallant
sons to fight the battles of the endangered ooun-
■try. Sir, in those dark hours, when there were
mutterings and threats of insurrection in the
North, the heroic sons of the Northwest, from
battle-fields they had made immortal by their
constancy and valor, sent home messages of
rebuke to the men who were organizing incip-
ient treason, and those guilty men quailed and
cowered before the patriotism of the nation's
defenders. The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] as is his wont, indulges in prophetic
utterances regarding the temper and action of
the people. He will find, others will find, that
the patriotic, liberty-loving men of the free and
loyal States, who furnished the money to put
down this rebellion, who filled the ranks of the
armies, who furnished the talent that guided
the civil and military councils of the country
during the rebellion, will see to it that the men
who utter these words, who make these threats,
shall never control the destinies of the regen-
erated nation.
Why all this vituperation of the Senate and
House of Representatives? Why these fierce
attacks upon long-tried and long-trusted public
servants whose devotion to country and to lib-
erty should shield them from imputations upon
their motives and characters? It is answered
that Congress differs from the policy of the
President. Surely the members of Congress
have a right, a constitutional right, a moral
right, to differ with the President upon some
matters of public policy, and the President of
the United States has a right to differ from the
policy enunciated by Congress, but it is the
part of patriotism for the President and for
Congress to endeavor by thought, word, and
deed to harmonize differences. Unwise words
may have fallen from the lips of men in Con-
gress, from Cabinet officers, and even from the
Executive, but a patriotic and liberty-loving
people will forget the unwise words of Senators
and Representatives and Cabinet officers and
the President, if they perform deeds that, will
cement the unity of the Republic, hedge about
and secure the rights of the laboring poor, and
bring enduring peace and prosperity to the coun-
try recently swept by the storms of civil war.
On the 1st of May last, ten months ago, the
rebel States were prostrate at the fe'et of the
nation, completely conquered and subjugated.
They had fought, and fought bravely, for four
years against the authority of the country; but
they had been defeated, and their people could
then have been molded at the nation's will.
Abraham Lincoln had been assassinated. The
people of the rebellious States saw that the
Government of the United States had a million
men in arms, and they were ready to accept
any policy the nation chose to impose upon
them, and to accept it freely. The leaders of
southern opinion, in May and June of last year,
all expected the reorganization of the insur-
gent States upon the basis of the equality of all
men before the law. The public sentiment in
the South was fast settling down into complete
acquiescence in any conditions the Government
should demand. Many of the eminent men of
the South cheerfully avowed their readiness to
accept the enfranchisement of the black man,
and Mr. Reagan and Mr. Mallory, members of
Jeflf. Davis's cabinet, publicly advised the grant-
ing of suffrage to the new-made freedmen.
Sir, in the North the religions associations,
at their anniversary meetings, with voices ap-
proaching unanimity, demanded suffrage for
the freedmen. The literary journals and the
religious press ably and earnestly advocated
enfranchisement. The Republican press was
unanimousfor suffrage; the New York Herald,
always quick to discern the currents of public
opinion, proposed a plan of qualified suffrage,
embracing colored persons who had served in
the Army or Navy who could read, who pos-
sessed a small amount of property, or were
members of Christian churches*; the New York
News, edited by Ben Wood, a late member of
the House of Representatives, took ground in
favor of suffrage in an elaborate article ; the
New York World, that may perhaps be accepted
as the leading Democratic organ of the country,
declared that suffrage to the black man must
come sooner or later ; the Boston Post, the lead-
ing Democratic journal of New England, was
ready to extend suffrage to the colored race;
other journals, supporting the Democratic party,
manifested their readiness to settle the contro-
versy about the rights of the negro by giving him
suffrage for his own protection. The holders of
the public securities, with the quick instinct of
self-interest, would extend suffrage for the bet-
ter security of the public credit, and the people
North and South were then ready most cheer- -
fully to acquiesce in the extension of suffrage to
colored men in the rebel States.
Tens of thousands of the most progressive
and liberal men of the Democratic party—
ninety-five of every hundred who in Novem-
ber, 1864, thronged to the polls, andconsecrated
their treasure, blood, and lives to the unity of
the Republic and the liberties of the people—
believed with Andrew Johnson that—
"All men should have an equal start and a fair
chance in the race of life, and that merit should bo
rewarded without regard to color
and, in the immortal words of Abraham Lin-
coln, that—
"The ballot (it the black man in some trying time to
come may keep the jew ol of liberty in tie family of
freedom:"
Thoughtful men, anxiotis to heal the wounds
of civil war and bury inforgetfulness the-mem-
ories of old contests, were-speaking for univer-
sal amnesty and universal Suffrage; for forgiv-
ing and restoring all. The nobler sentiments
of the liberty-loving men of the-country at,that
time are caught and expressed in the verse of
Whittier:
" From you alone the guaranty
Of Union, freedom, peace, we claim: ,
We urge no conqueror's terms of shame.
" Alasl no victor's pride is ours,
Who bend above oar triumphs won
Like David o'er his rebel son.
" Be men, not beggars. Cancel all
By one brave, generous action; trust
Your better instincts, and be justl
" Make, all men peers before the law.
Take hands off the negro's throat.
Give black and white nn equal vote.
" Keep all your forfeit lives and lands.
But give the common law's redress
To labor's utter nakedness."
If the President of the United States had
seized that golden moment, that grand oppor-
tunity then vouchsafed by Providence to weapon
the hand of the new-made freeman with the
ballot, these sectional controversies would have
perished forever, the .representatives of the
rebellious States would ere this have filled these
vacant chairs, and the heavens would be rain-
ing their choicest blessings upon the nation for
a deed so wise and so just. But the President,
though frankly avowing himself in favor of
qualified suffrage, declined to assume the re-
sponsibility which the condition of the country
imposed upon him, and the great opportunity
God gave the nation to destroy caste, to clothe
the emancipated race with power to guard thgir
own liberties, rights, and interests without a
struggle, passed by—perhaps forever.
The President began the work of reorgani-
zation by the appointment of Governor Hol-
den in North Carolina, and the appointment
of provisional governors for other States, soon
followed. Many of the most eminent men of
the country doubted the wisdom of the Presi-
dent's policy. The President, to allay the
doubt and distrust of the people, declared that
his policy was an experiment, that final action
was reserved to the Government, and that if
these States were not properly organized the
Executive and Congress could change, correct,
or set aside the action of the reconstructed
State governments ; but the work went on, con-
ventions were held, the old rebel journals were
revived and began to fire again the southern
heart and to delude and deceive a people who
had once been so deluded and deceived as to
plunge into civil war. These rebel journals,
whilepraisingthePresident, bitterly denounced
the leading men of the party of the Adminis-
tration. Presses in the North echoed their
utterances and maledictions, and oft-baffled
politicians began to gather about and to de-
nounce the Senate and House of Representa-
tives even before Congress assembled. The
history of the world records nothing more
wicked than the attacks that have been made
upon the Senate and House of Representatives
since they assembled in December last.
Sir, when Congress assembled, the demand
was made for the immediate admission of Sena-
torsaiidllepresentativesfroui these reconstruct-
ed States, nearly all of whom are unrepentant
rebels—men who cannot take the oath unless
tliey are as false as were the Senators and Rep-
resentatives who left these Chambers in 1861.
Congress, to secure unity of purpose and action
between the two Houses, promptly appointed
a joint committee of fifteen to inquire into the
condition of the States lately in rebellion.^ That
committee, representingfourteen States, is com-
posed of men of known and recognized capacity
