1880.
THE CO]\TGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ssr
ture*. There was a time when I might have been so
quoted wltn mureeandoiv' * * * < " VYo
i <'xPeiltmeed what we did not then believe,
tha|'t >oro u boi.ii profligacy and power enough to
exelr.de wi fiom the field ol' interchange with other
nations—uat to be independent for the comforts of
life, we must fabricate them ourselves. TVe -must now
place tiie manufacturer by the side of the agriculturist.'"
* * * *' He, thcrcfoie, who is now against
domestic manufactures must be for redueins? us either
to dependenceon that foreiarn nation, or to be clothed
m skins and to live like wild beasts in dens and cav-
erns. i am proud to say that I am not one of these.
Experienre has tuwjht vie that manufactureft w<> now
as necessary to our independence at to our comfort,  and
if those who quote mc as of a different opinion will
keep pace with me inpurchasing nothing foreign where
an equivalent of'domesticfabric can be obtained, without
Gfiij regard to difference of price, it will not be our fault
if we do not have a supply at home equaHo our de-
mand, and wrest that* vcapon of disue^from the
hand which has so long wantonly violated it.''
General Jackson's oft-quoted letter to Dr.
Coleman, of North Carolina, was about eight
years later than tliat of Mr. Jefferson, and
nothing that he ever wrote illustrates more ad-
mirably his strong common sense and devotion
to the rights and interests of all the people of
the Union which he so resolutely defended.
Writing to one of that class who have been
' pleased to call themselves ^planters," to distin-
guish them from the "hard-fisted farmers" of
the North, upon whose interests they were then
waging war, that they might secure cheap food
for their slaves, he said:
"I will ask, what is the real situation of the agri-
culturist? Where has the American farmer a market
for his surplus pioducts? Exccpt for cotton, lie has
neither a toreiyn nor a home market. L)oes nol this
clearly prove, when there is no market, either at
home or abroad, that theie is too much labor cm-
ployed in agriculture, and that tho channels of labor
should be multiplied? Common sense points out at
once the remedy. Draw from agricuituie the super-
abundant labor: employ it in mechanism and raanu-
facnirr-y, thereby eronhng a home market for your
breadstuffs.and distributing lab or to a most profit able
account; and benefitsto tho country willresult. Take
from agriculture in the United States six hundred
thousand men, women, and children, and >ou at
once give a home market for more brcadstufl's than
all Europe now furnishes us. In short, mi, we have
been too long subject to the policy of the British
merchants. It is time we should bccome a little more
Americanized, and instead of feedinsthe paupers and
laborers of Europe, feed our own: or else, in a short
time, bv continuing our present policy, we shall all be
paupers ourselves."
MAN" CAXX0T COMPROMISE PRINCIPLES.
Mr. Chairman, why have we not regarded
the teachings of history, the monitions of the
fathers, the oft-recurring and bitter experience
of the past? Why have we been content, at
intervals of from seven to ten years, to find the
mass of artisans and artificers of the country
without employment, drawing from the savings
bank their hoarded earnings, seeing the little
homes, under the roofs of which they had hoped
in ripe age to die. passing under the sheriff s
hammer; and to seethe forge, the furnace, the
mill, and the workshop idle, and changing hands
by forced sale oftentimes at less than a fourth,
and sometimes at but a tithe of their original
cost? Why have we been content to see the
crop of the farmer rot in the field, while the
laboring people of the citics were gnawed by
hunger, and causing doubts of the stability of
republican institutions by threatening, and in
at least one instance absolutely perpetrating,
bread riots ? Why has our march of emigra-
tion been a march of desolation, and the son
of him who emigrated to Ohio as the far West,
finding his labor unrewarded by the famished
land, been constrained to cry li Westward ho!'r j
and go to contend with the trials and depriva- I
lions of frontier life, and found a new State i
still more remote from markets? |
And why was it. sir, that when those who j
would overthrow our Government fired upon the j
flag. that, with our nnequaled ingenuity, our j
sheep walks of limitless extent, our boundless ]
water power, and our measureless stores of I
coal and iron, we were unable to provide ado- [
quate clothing and arms for the sevcrny-five j
thousand men summoned to our defense? ;
There is but o.ie answer to all these questions. ,
We suffered all those ills because we had dis- j
re;caidrd the laws I am endeavoring to illus-
trate and other fundamental truths in which, on
every public oceasio 3, we proclaim our belief;
had "endeavored to maintain in this free and I
busy age au anachronism, involving tho denial
of all rights, and the repression of the native
ability of tho laborers of one half of our coun-
try; and had endeavored to prove the "solecism
that slavery is an essential element of free in-
stitutions, and adds to the power of a country
contending for supremacy with nations that are
using every expedient to animate the industry,
ingenuity, and enterprise of their people. By
oppressing others we enfeebled and degraded
ourselves. Slavery has its laws, and they are
irreconcilable with those which quicken indus-
try and develop material power. Time will not
permit, nor is this the occasion for their discus-
sion. It is enough for the present to say that
they do not tolerate intelligent or requited labor.
They were understood and enforced by the slave-
owning oligarchy, and were submitted to by the
masses of the people, whose pride of race art-
fully fostered, deluded them into the belief that
the inequalities of castc were consistent with
the democracy of a professedly Christian repub-
lic. At last the delusion is dispelled, and with
it go the cruel necessities by which those who,
being freemen, were, under the compromises of
the Constitution, enslaved by the inherent laws
of shivery; and our country having corrected
the solecism and banishedthe anachronism, may
now enter upon a career of competition with the
most advanced nations of the world. The vast
and varied attractions the United States present
to the hopeful, the enterprising, the ingenious
and the skilled workmen of the world, are the
means by which we may enfeeble all rival Pow-
ers, while building up our own, and augmenting
the prosperity of our rapidly-increasing people.
Slavery being dead, let us entomb with it its twin
barbarism, British free trade. Henceforth our
legislation may well be directed to advancing the
greatest good not only of the greatest number,
but the unquestioned good of all; and in this
it will stand in strange contrast with its pur-
poses and policy in the past. To show how wide
that contrast will be, let me turn again to King
Colion. On page % of this royal volume Hind
it written:
"At the date of thepa«<;agcoftheNehra=ka.bill,the
multiplication of provisions by their more extended
cultivation, was the only measure left that could pro-
duce a reduction ofprieos and meet the wants of the
planters. The Canadian rcciprocitu treat.//,^since^ se-
cured, wdl bring the products of the British North
American colonics, free of duty, into competition uith
thocc of the United States when prtc< ■i with us rule h iflh."
This was not written by an English hand.
Our forges, furnaces, and factories were un-
profitable capital. Coal, ore, and limestone
lay undisturbed in the places of their original
deposit, and mechanics of skill and energy went
begging for employment. Yet an American
writer rejoiced that the means had been secured
by which the farmers of the country could be
made to sutler with the afflicted multitude. With
that want of patriotism which has long char-
acterized the leaders of the Democratic party, he |
exulted over the subjection of the agricultural I
interests of his country to those of British ;
North America by that misnamed reciprocity I
treaty with Canadawhich southern influence had j
forced upon us, and lauded if as the sure means j
by which the farmer should be driven to a still |
.deafer distance from all other markets than f
that afforded by the few hundred thousand men
who regarded no interests but their own. and
believed that these could only be protected by j
procuring still cheaper food for their millions |
of slaves. I
But listen to him again. On page T2oIfind (
tlio following: !
"From what ha* been said, the dullest intellect
cannot fail now to peu-uve the rutioiiule of the Kan-
sas-Nebra<kn movement. The ^oUtieal influence
whieh 1houe Temrorio Will cave to the South will be ,
of the fust impoitance to periect it* airancement for :
future slaveiy extei^ion. whether by division of the '
huaer States and Tci i ltories i.ow set ured to thejn ;ii-
tntion. it-extension into t«a ntory hitheitoconsidered ■
Tree, or t he sicquisuion of new territory to be devoted i
to tho sv.-(em, so as 1o pi e^rve the balance <>i power
in Con^roWin .if'n-. n*, l\a/fv./vcarl^rhru^ka,
hl'r Knifw o iid .}[/ •> voi'ri* fi i/l !>e o> ! title von*s< q>t' ner
to slaveholders eo,iijjistrd with the ehnajt and c>in\t<hit
sii/ijilu "J fi fht >i e >fH >/('■ 1 I. JSothtny, t!u
w,U so t-,victim ot.icidt' with boviheni iiitc^f st? us a rapid
emiarntton of freemen, into these new Ten ilorwx. 11 hitc
free l-ibor, doublyprotlvejive over bluty iubor in yr>n,t~
growing) must be multiplied wit hill their I units, that the
cost of provisions may be rcduecd\ and the extern ion vf
fstaverij a ad the nrowtk of cotton suffer no interruption.
Ihe present efforts to plant them .with slavery are
indispensable to produce sufficient excitement to fill
them speedily with a free population; and if this
whole movement has been a southern schemo to
cheapen provisions and increaso the ratio of the pro*
duetion ofsuffarand Ootton, as it most unque?tion.a-
ably will do. it surpasses the statcGmanlik'e strategy
which forced the people into an acquiescence in the
annexation of Texas. And should tho anti-slavery
voters succeed in gaining the political ascendency in
these Territories, ami bring them as free States tri-
umphantly into the Union, what can they do, but turn
in «9 al' the rest of the western States kavedonc, andhelp
to feed slaves, or those who manufacture or- sell the
products of tho labor of slaves?"
These paragraphs show that the slaveholders
achieved what an examination of the topog-
raphy of the country might have led them to
regard as a last grand triumph. Their system
held undisputed sway; and let me ask whether,
had they been content to live under the Gov-
ernment that existed, it could have prospered
long? Two interests alone were to be pursued:
the growing of grain in the North and West,
and the growing of cotton, sugar, rice, tobacco,
and hemp in the South. In the light of the
extracts, showing the rapid exhaustion of our
soil by the cxpoitation of its products, winch.
T presented in the earlier part of my remarks,
and of the experience of every farmer and
planter, will it be asserted that this system of
culture could long have continued? Science
could have calculated the years of its possible
duration with almost perfect accuracy. When,
under such a system, could the earth have rest
for recuperation? And whence could come the
stimulants to restore its wasted energies? The
system omitted these essential conditions of
prosperity, and thereby provided for its own
decline. The scheme was an impracticable one,
which though it might have served as a tem-
porary expedient, could not endure, for it was
in conflict with the laws of Providence.
It may be that an indistinct perception of this
drove the oligarchy to the madness of war 5 for all
now admit that there was not, in the election of
Mr. Lincoln, or the purposes of the Republican
party, anytliingto justify their attempt to destroy
the Union by war. But, be this as it may, the
war did but hasten, by a few years, the inev-
itable termination of their persistent folly and
crime. The commercial crisis of 1860, follow-
ing so closely upon that of 1857, and repeating,
as both did so minutely, in all their details, the
disastrous and wide-sju'ead incidents of 3 837
and 1840, would in themselves have constrained
the people to demand such legislation as would
promote and sccure a diversification of our in-
dustries, the development of our resources, and
the laying of foundations for a widely-extended
commerce. The American people had become
too numerous, too enlightened, too energetic,
and had endured too many of these commercial
crises to have been willing longer to submit
their fortunes and destinies to the control of
the few arrogant theorists, whose views were so
narrow and whose fancied interests were so dia-
metrically opposed to those of all the rest of
their couutrymcn.
THEX AND XOW.
Sir, let us contemplate for a moment our con-
dition when the champions of slavery and free
trade fired on the flag of the country. April,
1801, found us unable to clothe our soldiers or
furnish them with implements and munitions of
war. WhentheProsidcut called for seventy-live
thousand troops, and that number of tho flower
of our countmnen promptly responded, they
were clad, not in our blue alone, but in gt ay, J10
chosen color of our enemy, in black, in ml, <~>r
any other color, because we had not the proper
makuiai villi which to clothe them. We had
not the quality of iron from which to fashion a
gun barrel, nor could we make it. We had not
blankets to shield our men from rain or frost,
in camp or bivouac: and as tho people regarded
tho ha>o character of '-he aitiele< with which .
our Army w.i-. provided, manv of -which had
boon made from American la^s in the shoddy
towns of Yur^hire, they raised a universal cry
of '* fraud'1 against both public officers and
contractors. Our mills, forges, furnace*, and
