2582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
small-pox disease—establish hospitals ; so that
tinder the power which Congress is supposed
to have over the health of the country, they
may establish small-pox hospitals and cholera
hospitals everywhere throughout the States. I
maintain, therefore, witli due respect to the
members of the Senate who think there is
authority to pass this resolution, that it is con-
trary to the best-established principles in rela-
tion to the construction of the Constitution in
the particular relied upon not only the best
established but principles that never have been
questioned by the Supreme Court at any time.
Without troubling the Senate further, I submit
that it seems to me the proposed measure is
clearly beyond the power of the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Mary-
land has called the attention'of the Senate to
the decisions of the Supreme Court which, in
his opinion, bear decisively on this question;
but, sir, with the ingenuity of a practical lawyer
he has omitted to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to that decision which, perhaps, ofall others,
is the most applicable to this question. With
the permission of the Senate I will make up
for the deficiency of the learned Senator, or at
least endeavor to do so, by calling attention to
the case, which, unless 1 mistake, in its precise
language is applicable to the pending question.
I refer to the case of the United States vs.
Coombs, in the twelfth volume of Peters' s Re-
ports. There you will find one of the able and
well-considered judgments of the late Mr. Jus-
tice Story, particularly treating of this ques-
tion. By ".this question" I mean the power
of Congress under the clause of the Constitu-
tion giving to Congress the power to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States. I will read a passage from his
judgment, page 78, as follows :
"The power to^pegulate commerce includes the
power to regulate navigation, as connected with the
commcree with foreign nations and among the States.
It was so held and decided by this court, after the
most deliberate consideration, in the case of Grihbons
vi. Ogden, 9 Whcaton, 189 to 198."
All that, ihe Senator will of course recognize;
for, indeed, he lias already admitted it in what
he lias said and cited. The learned judge then
proceeds:
"It floes not stop at. the mere boundary line of a
State; nor is it confined to acts done on the water, or
in the necessary courso of the navigation thereof. It
extends to such acts, done on land, which interfere
with, obstruct, or prevent the due exercise of the
power to regulate commerce and navigation with
foreign nations and among the States. Any offense
which, thus interferes with, obstructs, or prevents such
commerce and navigation, though done on land, may
be punished by Congress, under its general authority
to make all laws ncce?sary and proper to execute
their delegated constitutional powers."
Those are the pointed words of Mr. Justice
Story,
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly,
Mr. MORRILL. That is to regulate com-
merce.
Mr. SUMNER. To regulate commerce.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the Senator mean
to be understood that a regulation in regard
to cholera, a disease, is a regulation of com-
merce?
Mr. SUMNER. I do, certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. Then the cholera is com-
merce?
Mr. SUMNER. No; cholera is not com-
merce, but cholera comes from passengers.
Mr. MORRILL. Then is the regulation of
it commerce, or is it the treatment of a dis-
ease ? Is it a regulation of health or a regula-
tion of commerce?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me if I say it is one of those matters which
runs in several directions. It is connected
with passengers, and it may be viewed in its
connection with passengers.
Mr. MORRILL. As a disease, not as com-
merce. It is connected with passengers as a
disease and to be treated of in the nature of
health, quarantine, sanitary regimen, or what-
ever you please, but not in the nature of com-
merce to be regulated.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I will ask my learned
friend, is he not too refined when he under-
takes to say that in regulating passengers you
may not regulate them so far as concerns their
health ; that you may regulate passengers in
every "other way except so far as concerns
health? I assume, and I put it to my learned
friend, that if under the commercial power you
can regulate the introduction of passengers,
that carries with it, necessarily, all the inci-
dents of health, because you may apply to the
introduction of passengers certain sanitary
requirements. I do not see how, logically,
the Senator can avoid that conclusion.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senator whether,
when you have reached the point that you have
got to treat the passenger for his health, the
power of the General Government does not
cease, and the police power of the State for
the protection of the public health at that very
point necessarily intervene.
Mr. SUMNER. To that my reply is just
this : thatthe jurisdiction having once attached,
it must, from the nature of the case, continue
to the end; otherwise the utility of the juris-
diction would fail.
Mr. MORRILL. I beg to suggest to the
Senator that it never did attach to the passen-
ger as touching his health ; and the moment
it becomes necessary to treat him for his health,
then the power to regulate commerce ceases,
as a matter of course.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it never
did attach to the passenger so far as .his health
is concerned. How can he say that? Does it
not attach to the passenger absolutely ? You
by your statutes require a certain allowance of
water and a certain allowance of food on board
a ship. Does not that go to the health?
Mr. CONNESS. And a certain allowance
of room on a ship.
Mr. SUMNER. And a certain allowance of
room in the ship; a certain allowance of air.
Does not all that concern the regimen of health?
Now, we propose to go further, and by a care-
ful system of regulations to look still further
at the condition of health, and to surround it
with still further safeguards; not merely to
require a certain amount of food and a certain
amount of air and a certain amount of space,
but to go still further according to all the sugges-
tions of modern science in order to prevent the
introduction of this disease. To my mind, the
conclusion seems inevitable, it ia just as clear as
that A plus B equals X, or that two and two m ake
four. I cannot imagine any conclusion more
direct. If you concede that you may make regu-
lations with reference to a passenger, I know of
no regulations more important, more absolutely
founded upon this constitutional requirement,
than those regulations which concern his health.
And now the Senator seems to suggest that this
is an exercise of power for the "first time.
ITow so?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the Chair is under the
necessity of calling up the order of the day,
being the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the unfinished
business go over informally that we may have a
vote on this measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday can bo laid aside
by unanimous consent. _ No objection being
made, the unfinished business will be laid aside,
and House joint resolution No. 116 will be
continued before the body.
.Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand that
this is an exercise of power for the first time.
It is nothing more, perhaps, than a new applica-
tion of an old power or an expansion of an old
power to a new condition of circumstances; and
perhaps I may say enlarging this old power,
because the circumstances require the enlarge-
ment. I do not understand that any new fount-
ain is opened; no new source is drawn upon ;
no new principle is invoked ; we go back to the
original text of the Constitution which has been
so often applied in kindred cases, and we insist
upon its application now.
If I understand the argument of the Senator,
it is that all quarantine regulations belong to
the States exclusively. Am I right in that?
Mr. MORRILL. Most of them.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator, I understand,
says they belong exclusively to the States.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes.
Mr. SUMNER. If I carry that argument
of the Senator still further, it would be practi-
cally to say that the Government of the United
States might make all possible regulations
reference to passengers water borne, but could
not touch them in regard to sanitary regula-
tions the moment they entered our harbors.
That is certainly the inevitable conclusion, and
permit me to say it is an absurdity. I will not
consent thus to despoil this Government^ of a
power which to my mind seems so essential to
the national health.
Now, if you go back to one of the early stat-
utes, for instance, the statute entitled "An act
respecting quarantines and health laws," which
bears date February 25, 1799, it will he per-
ceived that while the quarantine is left to a
certain extent under the control of the States,
the United States officers are directed to assist
the State officers in enforcing the quarantine.
Here is a clause which I will read:
"And all such officers of the United States shall.be,
and they hereby are, authorized and required faith-
fully to aid in the execution of such quarantines ana
health laws, according to their respective powers and
precincts, and as they shall be directed from time to
time by the Secretary of the Treasury of the Lmted
States."
In that statute it will he seen that the quar-
antine was placed under a mixed government,
partly of the State and partly of the United
States. Certain United States officers were
directed to aid State officers in enforcing quar-
antine, and the United States officers were
from time to time to receive instructions from
the Secretary of the Treasury. How could that
be if the United States had no jurisdiction over
this matter?
Mr. MORRILL. They, are to do it, by the
very terms of the act, in aid of the State ; they
took no jurisdiction.
Mr. SUMNER. I will come to that. The
Senator reminds me that it was by the very
terms of the act in aid of the State ; and now
allow me to call the attention of the Senator
to what he will remember perfectly well in the
early history of our country, that the bounds
of the jurisdiction of the Federal and State
governments were then unsettled. Take, for
instance, one of the greatest cases in our his-
tory. that of the fugitive slave bill which was
passed in 1793. The Senator well remembers
that the seizure of fugitive slaves was intrusted
under that act to State officials, andalso to cer-
tain United States officials; but the jurisdic-
tion was recognized as concurrent. It Was only
at a late day when the relations between the
State and Federal jurisdiction were better com-
prehended that the Supreme Court decided that
that jurisdiction could not be confided to the
State authorities.
Now, I submit that you will find in this stat-
ute of 1799 relating to quarantine a jumble or
a confusion not unlike that which you will find
in the fugitive slave act of 1793 that is, a rec-
ognition of a concurrentjurisdiction in the State
and Federal governments over this question.
This measure which is now before the Senate
would follow out, I take it, the general principle
or reasoning of lateryears and assure the juris-
diction to the Federal power, or, as I always
like to call it, the national rather than the Fed-
eral power. It would secure it to the national
power, and to my mend it properly belongs to
the national power, and no ingenuity of the
Senator from Maine, my excellent friend, can
satisfy me that it ought not to be intrusted to
the national power. It is essentially a national
object, and can be performed effectively and
thoroughly only through the national arm. If
you intrust it to the different local authorities,
you will have as many systems as you have
States or communities, and you cannot bring
your policy to bear with that unity which it
ought to have in, dealing with so deadly a foe.
You should be able to carry into this matter
