1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
reported rations issued on August 1, 1865, to
3,570 '-destitute citizens;" the list in Septem-
ber standing, 1,742 persons, "ninety-five per
cent, of whom were rebels." The rations issued'
in January, 188b, in Arkansas were, 59,532 to
refugees, 11,096 to freedmen; in South Caro-
lina, 63,452 to freedmen, 4,563 to refugees.
Mississippi, in February, received 1,076 rations
for refugees, 20,039 for freedmen. Kentucky
and Tennessee, last August, 3,777 for refugees,
3,785 for freedmen.
And all this time every beneficence of the
General Government has been gently extended
over the South equally with the North. The
courts are open; the post office brings us to-
gether once more; the local machinery of the
States goes on undisturbed; trade and com-
merce are carrying new life to the southern
capitals. With labor made honorable, capital
and enterprise are developing the natural ad-
vantages and vast wealth of the South. We
enact no differing codc for the sections, but
equal laws for all. If the military remain it
is not oar fault but rather as a protection. Gen-
eral Grant says:
" I did not. meet any one, eithor those holding places
under the Government or citizens of the southern
States, who think it practicable to withdraw the mil-
itary from the South at present. The whito and the
black mutually require the protection of the General
Government."
Mr. Speaker, I appeal to the men of the
South, from Tennessee to the Gulf, whether
I have not spoken truly. If I have, their
tongues should blister before charging upon us
a desire to oppress, or to deprive them of their
rights. The northern leader who does so, after
full knowledge of the fact, is lured only by the
thirst for political aggrandizement. His soul
panteth after it "as the hart panteth after the
water-brooks." To reach it he would strike
down the blood-bought privileges of the people
and scatter to the winds the fruits of a victory
which vindicated before the world the dignity
of labor and restored to a great nation its
birth-right.
Let us see, then, whether, meeting in a spirit
of kindness and mutual trust, the ground I
have indicated is not one upon which all can
stand, President, Congress, and people.
The great change of which I have spoken is
that from slavery to freedom. Slavery gone,
its laws, its prejudices, and consequences should
be buried forever. We are legislating for man-
kind. If there be wrong, now is the time to
right it: if there be defects, this is the fornm
in which to remedy them ; if doubts remain,
the present is the hour to solve them. The
craven may shift the responsibility, but civil-
ization will hold us accountable for the per-
formance of our whole duty.
This change requires:
1. That no law of any State lately in insur-
rection shall impose by indirection a servitude
which the Constitution now forbids.
If it be answered that the second clause of
the amendment abolishing slavery gives Con-
gress power to enforce this result by appro-
priate legislation, 1 reply that we do not choose
to keep a standing army in the future to enforce
acts of Congress, when we can prevent such
legislation by the States.
2. Thai each State shall provide for equality
before the law, equal protection to life, liberty,
and properly, equal right to sue and be sued,
to inherit, make contracts, and give testimony.
Not one of the rebel States allows a negro to
give testimony against a white man; several
impose punishments which differ according to
the color of the offender. The second clause
of the amendment asserts no power to remedy
this ; but even if it did, or if the bill to guar-
anty civil rights under another section of the
Constitution confers the authority, we are not
compelled to meet at every step a conflict of
jurisdiction, or punish innocent State officers
for enforcing State laws which should be an-
nulled.
To these two propositions Congress has been
earnestly addressing itself in the testimony
taken by its committee, as well as to the con-
dition and conduct of the people of these
States. In order to be fully informed of their
legislation, the Senate on January 5, and again
on February 27 of this year, requested _ infor-
mation of the President in regard to their pro-
visional governors. On the 6th of this month
he transmitted a reply, and within a few days
only this evidence has been published.
But the war brought other results which should
be embodied forever in the organic law by con-
stitutional amendment. If not done now the
golden opportunity will be gone forever. _ Con-
gress has been conscientiously endeavoring to
present propositions which will do equal jus-
tice to all and forever settle the controversy.
Two such amendments passed this House.
As to the justice of one there is no question.
The other in some shape will, I have not a
doubt, prevail during the present session. One
is to declare by constitutional amendment that
no part of the rebel debt shall ever be paid
by the United States.
Who will object to such a provision? It is
of no force to allege that the States have al-
ready declared those debts void which they
contracted in aid of the rebellion. What one
Legislature has done another may repeal. The
war debt of the Union must be sacred, that of
the rebellion forever excluded.
Article six, paragraph one, of the Constitu-
tion, provides that—
"All debts contracted and engagements entered
into before the adoption of this Constitution shall be
as valid against the United Sutcb under this Consti-
tution as under the Confederation."
It is as appropriate now to exclude an ille-
gitimate obligation as it was then to provide
for an honorable one.
Let me on this point read the very excellent
telegram sent by the President, November 5,
1865, to Governor Sharkey, of Mississippi, in
relation to slavery:
"The action of the Legislature of Mississippi is
looked to at this time with great interest, and a. failure
to adopt the amendment will create the belief that
the action of the convention abolishing slavery will
hereafter by the same body be revoked. The argu-
ment is, if the convention abolished slavery in good
faith, why should the Legislature hesitate to make it
a part of tho Constitution ot the United States?"
While I favor this amendment, Mr. Speaker,
candor compels me to say wo maybe sate with-
out it. 1 hope it will be. adopted. Yet, if every
other guarantee ^bre obtained, we might trust
to the acts of the several Legislatures in refer-
ence to this question. But there is another
amendment needed, involving a vital principle,
which was partially yielded because of slavery,
and should now be reinstated.
Under article one, section two, of the Con-
stitution—
"Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among tho several States which may bo in-
eluded in this Union according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the
whole number of free persons, including tiiose bound
to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
Everyone knows that this three-fifths clause
was inserted because of the existence of sla-
very. It was only passed after much debate
and heated discussion in the Convention which
adopted the Constitution; men like Butler,
of South Carolina, General Pinekney, and
others, insisting that "blacks be included in the
rule of representation equally with whites;''
the same Charles C. Pinekney who afterward
in the South Carolina convention, urging the
adoption of the Constitution, sai3:
"We determined that Representatives should be
apportioned among tho several States by adding
to the whole number of free persons three fifths of
tho slaves. We thus obtained a representation for
our property."
Mr. Randolph "urged strenuously that ex-
press security ought to beprovided for including
slaves in the ratio of representation. He la-
mented that such a species of property existed.
But, as it did exist, the holders of it would
require this security."
On the other hand, Mr. King "thought tho
admission of them along with whites at all
would create great discontent among the States
having no slaves."
Gou verneur Morris' 'could never agree to give
sack encouragement to the slave trade as would
be given by allowing the southern States a rep-
resentation for negroes," and did not believe
Pennsylvania would agree to it.
Mr. "Gerry "thought property not the rule of
representation; why, then, should the blacks,
who were property in the South, be in the rule
of representation more than the cattle and
horses of the North?"
Mr. Wilson said "he did not well see on
what principle the admission of blacks in the
proportion of three fifths could bo explained.
Are they admitted as citizens? Then why are
they not admitted on an equality with white citi-
zens? Arethey admitted as property? Then why
is not other property admitted into the compu-
tation ? Those were difficulties which he thought
must be overruled -by necessity or compro-
mise;" and accordingly this "compromising
expedient of the Constitution," as Madison
terms it, this inequality, based upon wrong, was
adopted, the same proportion entering into the
basis of taxation. And so from the foundation
of the Government the South has had this un-
fair representation in the national councils, to
make up for which a direct tax, only collected
several times in our history, and which might
well be repealed or its basis changed, has been
nominally imposed on them in the same ratio.
Slavery being dead, it becomes us at once to
alter tho representation based upon it. I ask
it on behalf of the North; in the cause of the
Union which should never again be disturbed
by a discussion of the question; in conformity
with the representation adopted by the southern
States themselves; and I ask that an amend-
ment embodying it may be passed by Congress,
even if not ratified, before any insurrectionary
State is again represented here.
IT IS JUST TO THE NORTH.
The whole number of Representatives in
Congress is established by law at two hundred
and forty-one.
The South under the next apportionment
must either lose this representation on three
fifths of the negroes, or gain two fifths and
mount to power on the whole. Unless the
ratio be altered the South will gain twelve
members; those twelve members will be taken
from the number we now have, equivalent to
twenty-four. If they are so gained, the vote of
every white man in the South will bo nearly
equal to two at the North, and the rebellion will
have produced for the former more power than
the arch-traitor Jefferson Davis, in his long
years of plotting and fondest visions of aristoc-
racy ever compassed. Let the laboring man
who has given his son to the country ponder
over this fact, and the Representative beware
how he votes away the liberties of the people.
IT IS FIDELITY TO THE UNION.
C. C. Langdon, elected to this House from
the Mobile district of Alabama, over his own
signature says, admit the twenty-two Senators
and fifty-eight members from the South, " and
the radicals cannot carry anything by a two-
third vote." Yes, sir, even under the present
three-fifths representation, and without the gain
which the next apportionment would fix, the
radical Union men in Congress would be tied
hand and foot by the representatives of those
who, not many months since, stood in battle
array, as they had done for four dreadful years,
against the banner of their country. Self-
preservation dictates that for the sake of that
Union they strove to destroy wo shall pass
now whatever constitutional amendments are
needed. Admit these eighty "conservatives"
first and the discussion may as well be post-
poned indefinitely.
IT IS FAIR, HONORABLE, AND EQUAL FOR TIIE SOUTH.
Mr. Speaker, I want no law for the SoutL
that is not to apply equally to the North. I
hear a great deal about taxation without rep-
resentation. North and South there are human
beingswho are taxed without being represented.
I assert that we have no right to take advantage
of our own wrong; that where any class is
excluded from the elective franchise we are not
entitled to representation for such excluded
class. I voted for such a proposition. I would
