558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
factories stood still. The frugal laborer was
living upon the earnings of past years. Com-
merce, having dwindled from the expiration of
the protective tariff of 1842, had ceased to an-
imate our ports. The crops of the West stood
ungathered in the fields, and the bankruptcy
of 1857, from which we had not yet recovered,
had returned to sweep away the few who had
withstood the surge.
But the case is altered now. Necessity has
compelled us to do what reason and experience
long ago suggested. The fact that we deter-
mined to pay in gold the interest on our bonds
and to obtain the required bullion by collecting
the duties on imports in coin, has done much
to animate and diversify our industry. This
fact and the general results of the war—for the
duties we lay on raw materials and our internal
taxes more than counterbalance the protection
afforded to many branches of industry by our
tariff laws—have enabled 11s to recover from
our prostration and started us in a career of
prosperity and progress; and if wisdom guide
our legislation, the waste lands of which I have
read will soon be reinvigorated; the ancient
village will be absorbed in the expanding city;
new towns will mark the plain and river bank;
and where the mean white and the negro have
loitered listlessly through the months, diversi-
fied and well-paid industry, quickening their
energies and expanding their desires, will em-
ploy all their hours, and enable each to carve
nis way as an American citizen should do in a
career that will afford him pleasure or profit.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Vookhhes]
may desire to recall the idleness and misery of
1800, but I cannot believe that he is justified in
intimating that President Johnson sympathizes
with him in this respect.
virginia.
General Frank P. Blair, jr., intent upon neu-
tralizing any service ho may have rendered the
country (luring the war, having gathered about
him the leprcsentative men of the eighty thou-
sand disfranchised traitors of Missouri with
whom ho now affiliates, recently charged, as
does the gentleman from Indiana, that the He-
publican party of the country is under the con-
trol of men whose object is to aggrandize New
England, and by a protective tariff tax the
agricultural interests of the country for the
benefit of a few wealthy manufacturers, and
that the resistance offered to the admission of
representatives of the conquered but unregen-
ernted people of the South in Congress is the
result of this purpose, How false this is he
well knows; for every member of the family in
the councils of which he bears so distinguished
a part, and which always speaks as a unit, may
be shown, by their published utterances, to un-
derstand that protection to American industry
is essential to the prosperity of the agricultural
interests of the country. Adequate piotectiou
to American industry, its defense against tin-
assaults ot'theaccumulated capital, machinery,
cheap labor, and skill of foreign countries, isof
less importance to the middle and New England
States than to any other portion of tin; country.
The wasted South most needs it; and next to
the South the Northwest, rich in all the ele-
ments of manufacturing greatness, and poor
only from her want, of local markets, which the
diversification of her industry and development
of her multifarious resources would create.
Sir, Virginia is not a New England State :
nor do her people delight in being called Yan-
kees, though they will hereafter be as proud as
we are of our national cognomen. Hut no por-
tion of our country, unless it be General Blair's
own Missouri, with her boundless stores of va-
ried mineral wealth, would be so blessed by
setting all its poor at work upon the growth of
its own lands as Virginia. A discriminating
writer, who in, August last traversed a large
portion of the gold region of the State, in com-
pany with three eminent mineralogists, in the
course of an article in the December number
of Harper's Magazine, say:
"To give any adequate de.Miriptiou of the mineral
wealthwhieh \ irgima contains, would bo not only (o
minutely describo every rod of tier entire length, em-
bracing hundreds of miles, but to enumerate almost
every mineral of value hitherto known among man-
kind. It is not in gold alone that she abounds—but,
scattered in profusion over almost her entire surface
are tobefoundiron, copper, silver, tin, tellurium, lead,
platinum, cinnabar, plumbago, manganese, asbestos,
kaolin, slate clay, coal, rooting slate of the greatest
durability, marbles of the rarest beauty, soap stone,
sulphur, hone-stone equal to the best Turkey, gyp-
sum, lime, copperas, blue stone, grind stone, cobalt,
emery, and a variety of other materials that wo have
hitherto been compelled to import or to do without.
Indeed, it may be said, without exaggeration, that in
the single State of Virginia, in the most singular jux-
taposition of what might be considered geologically
incongruous materials, is to be found an almost ex-
haustless fund of God-given treasures, more than
enough to pay off our whole national debt, and only
awaiting the magic touch of capital and enterprise to
drag them to light for the benefit of man."
Of what avail have these boundless deposits
of multiform riches been to the people of Vir-
ginia, and what have the Democratic party, sla-
very, and British free trade done for their most
fortunately situated and devoted adherents ?
The aristocracy of Virginia have withheld from
the laborer his hire, and the native fertility of
their land has wasted away. They have traded
in human muscles as a source of power, and
laboring men have shunned their inviting cli-
mate ; and their water power, exceeding in one
year the muscular power all the slaves found
in the United States at the taking of the last
census, could put forth in a lifetime, has flowed
idly to the sea, often through forests so wide
that it could 1' hoar no sound save its own dash-
ing." And the State, from having at the close
of the last century been the first in point of pop-
ulation and political power, fell, in sixty years,
as is shown by the census of 1800, to be the fifth
in population, and to rank the equal of tree
young I ndiana in the fifth class inpoliticalpower.
The laws of Providence are inflexible and it
could not be otherwise. Despising labor, the
Heaven-appointed condition on "which alone
man shall cat bicad, she tended year by yeai to-
ward poverty and want, and though she raised
millions of iaboring people of every shade of
human complexion, the sweat of their brows
enriched not her fields but those of other States.
Like Germany before the establishment of the
Zoll-Verein, and Ireland since the Union, she
raised little else than laboring people for ex-
portation. If he, that fails to provide for his
family bo worse than an infidel, what shall be
said of the Government that, drives the heirs to
so goodly a heritage, as the lands of Virginia forth
to dwell amongst rangers in want and ignorance.
The Republicans of New England and the
middle States would make all her people com-
fortable, happy, and intelligent, in the homes
of their fathers. W e of Pennsylvania will wel-
come them to generous rivalry in every branch
of industry to which we have devoted ourselves.
In this age of iron, tiro is force, and Virginia is
underlaid by the purest fuel. Jf she wishes
to lea\e hei rich gold and silver mines in all
their wealth to postei ity, let her i ival us in eon-
tributing to the needed supply of iron and steel
for the1 exhausted South, Jler kaolin is equal
to any in England, and why will she not lessen
our dependence on that, country by building
up an American Staffordshire, and embodying
in porcelain the conceptions of American art?
And as the product of the quarries of New Jer-
sey and northeastern Pennsylvania have driven
British rooting and school slates from our north-
ern market, why will not she send hers to every
market in the South? The country would be
none the less powerful or respectable if every
child in that section, however black, were ex-
pert. in the use of the slate and pencil, or if their
now squalid homes were embellished, as are
those of many of the woiking people of the
North, by ornate brackets, biacket shelves, man-
tles. pier slabs, and table, bureau, and wash-
si and tops of what everybody but the connoisseur
and expert mistakes for porcelain, mosaic, or
Spanish, Egyptian, red and green Pyrenese,
verd-antique, Siennese, porphyry, brocatel, or
othei iiiaibles. but which oie produced at little
cost from the slate of Lehigh county.
pennsylvania challenges generous compe-
tition.
Is it said, sir, that Pennsylvania seeks to ob-
tain a monopoly of the American iron market?
Why, then, does she ask you to so legislate that
capital shall find its advantage, and the laborer
become rich, in working the unmeasured iron
and coal-beds of her near neighbors, Maryland,
Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, a'nd Ten-
nessee ? England can no longer supply herself
with charcoal pig iron. She has not the fuel.
Her forests have yielded to the demand for
pasturage and sheep walks. She is in this re-
spect dependent on foreign countries, and buys
such pig metal as raw material where she can
get it "best and cheapest, from Sweden, Norway,
Russia, orNova Scotia, all of which are in the
same isothermal zone in which are found, under-
lying fm-Mfts which yield an average of fifty cords
per acre, the inexhaustible beds of better than
Swedish ore of the Marquette region of Michi-
gan and Wisconsin. And, gentlemen of the
Northwest, 1 ask you whether patriotic Penn-
sylvania manifests a disposition to tax you for
her advantage when she challenges your com-
petition, and implores you to help her to out-
do England without lighting, and enrich your-
selves by setting unemployed laborers at work
with the growth of your own lands. The Bes-
semer or pneumatic convener i s coming largely
into use, and the exigencies of the war and the
incidental protection it has given our industry
have created manufactories of American steel;
and in each of these facts you have a guarantee
of steady increase in the demand for your un-
rivaled product, and of the profits of the rail-
road companies, which will carry away your
commodities and return with people to build
the cities your expanding iron anil steel works
must create. A few figures will verify these
assertions. Dr. Itobert H. Lamborn, than
whom there is no more careful statistician, tells
us that—
"By comparing the production of this region with
that of other iron districts, it will bo found that it
produced m 180-1 more pig metal than Connecticut or
AlansaehusetH in tlie came ycur, and sixty per ccnt.
more than New York in Is.",a. ltcckoning ore and
metal together, the mines of Marquette threw into
consumption in 1804 one hundred and litty-ioar thou-
sand nine hundred and live tons of metal, or three
fifths as much us the total pig-iron production of tho
United States, according to the ccnsus returns of 1850,
and one ciqlUh of utl the %>irj iroti jn-oduccd by the Uni-
ted States m 1801."
In view of these gratifying facts, can it bo
possible that the people of the Northwest are
anxious for ail early renewal of the " tripartite
a! fiance formed by the western farmer, the south-
ern planter, and the English manufacturer,"
so exultantly referred to in " Cotton is King,''
by which the furnaces producing all this metal
shall bo closed, and their proprietors and the
laborers they employ reduced to bankruptcy,
as those of Ohio and Pennsylvania have so often
been by British free trade?
If, gentlemen of Missouri, Pennsylvania is
seeking a monopoly, why do her people labor
to persuade you to produce at the ba«e of Iron
mountain and Pilot Knob the utilities to the
creation of which they devote their capital and
industry? No. our efforts are not selfish. We
wish to raise the prostrate South and give her
an onward and upward career, and to secure
to the American laborer wages so liberal that
the report thereof shall invite to our shores the
skilled and enterprising workmen of every craft
and country. Bv employing all our people
with the growth of our own lands we can create
an urgent demand for labor, and thereby solve
the most difficult problem before the country;
for when labor is in quick demand its value
will be regarded and the rights of the laborer
protected.
By no other means can the exhausted South
be restored or the work of her recuperation be
commenced. Who will emigrate to the recently
insurgent States ? Vast and varied and pecu-
liar as are their natural resources, will capital,
proverbially timid as it is, fly to a region char-
; aeterized by turbulence and lawlessness, or en-
i terprise to a land in which labor is regarded as
the disgraceful office of a subject race, and
j where legislation is employed to repress the 01-
j tolled and suppress the aspirations of the labor-
I ing people for a higher and better life ? Sir,
