1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
something of the combination and directness
of war. At the same time I beg to say, as I
have heretofore said, that I do not recognize
this in any respect as a military measure; I treat
it absolutely as a commercial measure ; I de-
rive it from a commercial power, and by the
amendment which I have introduced I would
place it under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, in reply to
the last position of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, I desire to call his attention to
the phraseology of his own amendment and see
whether he treats it solely as a commercial
question. " It shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, the Secretary of War, and
the Secretary of the Navy to adopt, an efficient
and uniform system of quarantine." If it is a
commercial question, what has the Secretary
of the Navy to do with it?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wish an
answer? •
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to have an
answer.
Mr. SUMNER. The amendment that I have
moved charges this duty upon the Secretary of
the Treasury, in conjunction with the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Navy, under
the direction of the President of the United
States. He has that tci do with it which the
statute gives to him, and he has it because the
statute gives it. ,
Mr. MORRILL. So I see ; but I ask the
reason why, if it is a commercial measure, you
connect the military and the naval power of
the Government with it. That is the question.
Mr. SUMNER. Because it may be neces-
sary to act with regard to it on the water; and
who would be more competent to advise upon
such a matter than the Secretary of the Navy?
Or it may be necessary to use military force,
and who more competent to supply it than the
Secretary of War?
Mr. MORRILL. I have elicited all the
answer I expected; it is all the answer that
could be given; whether it is a reason or not I
submit to the Senate. It is all that the utmost
stretch of ingenuity could give. There is no
possible reason for associating either the War
or the Navy Department with it, except that
you want to bring to bear upon the question
the power of the Navy and of the Army. N ow,
is that so ? So far as you desire to go upon the
water to enforce a quarantine, if you have a
right to enforce it the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has a military power at his command always
to enforce the revenue laws; and there is no
more necessity, on that score, of associating
the Secretary of the Navy, I submit to the hon-
orable Senator, to enforce a quarantine than
there would be to enforce the laws preventing
smuggling. The association is incongruous;
and it is either from the fact that you desire
to get a power that you are conscious you have
not under the authority to regulate commerce,
or, I submit, that it is an association of a power
not necessary; and so of the War Department.
This is strictly a commercial question, says
the honorable Senator. I submit that it is not
in any sense. In the first place, cholera is not
the subject of commerce; and in the second
place, the immigrants are not the subject of
commerce; they are the subjects of navigation,
one of the incidents of commerce. They enter
into that element, and not in any sense are
they the subjects of traffic, which is the chief
characteristic of commerce. They are simply
an incident to commerce in the sense that nav-
igation is an incident to commerce; but when
you come to consider the subject of the intro-
duction of immigrants into the country, thev
lose that character entirely.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the
honorable Senator to this question in another
aspect. I maintain that all sanitary regula-
tions touching the health of the people of this
country within the jurisdictional limits of the
several States are matters of police regulation,
using that term in its strict and legal sense.
Anything of that kind is a police regulation ;
it has to do simply with the health of the peo-
ple, and it belongs to the States exclusively;
and there is not a single instance in the history
of this country where the Government of the
United States has attempted to trench upon
it; but in numerous instances the courts have
settled that the police regulations of the States
are independent of the General Government
and exclusively within the power of the States,
and that under the power to regulate commerce
the Government of the United States has no
authority whatever to interfere with them.
Now, what is quarantine?
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not propose speaking
on this subject, but I desire to ask the Senator
from Maine, if he denies all power on the part
of the Government of the United States over
this subject, how he reconciles the statute of
1799, which has been quoted by the Senator
from Massachusetts, which gave a joint power.
I should like to hear the Senator upon the
exercise of that joint power.
Mr. MORRILL. The answer to that sug-
gestion is that the statute does not propose to
give a joint power. I f the Senator will look at
that statute he will find that the power of the
United States is subordinated to the power of
the States. It simply authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to do an act in cooperation with
the States, and that implies no joint power, but
it implies a subordinated power.
Mr. SUMNEIt. It is a concurrent power.
Mr. MORRILL. No, not a concurrent
power. It is in aid of the States. Anybody
can aid. That is not an assumption of power.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL. It is simply in aid of the
States.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, ho w maj- a party
having no right to exercise a power aid in that
power, or perform a part of it rightfully, when
it has not the right or the power to perform
the whole of it? I should like to hear the
Senator on that point.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the answer to that
is quite obvious, that the Government of the
United States did not claim the right to exer-
cise the power concurrently. It might offer
to do an act which might prove to be accept-
able to the State. That would not be offensive,
and that was precisely the character of the act
of 1799, as I understand it.
Now, what I am undertaking to demonstrate
is that the quarantine power which the States
exercise is a police power, belongs exclu-
sively to the States, has been so regarded from
the earliest period. What is a quarantine?
What is the right of quarantine or the power
of quarantine? It is simply to say that a ves-
sel on its way to a particular port, destined to
a particular port, must not land, must tarry
at a given point for a certain period of time,
until an opportunity has been given to the local
authorities to inspect the condition of the ves-
sel, to see whether it is dangerous to the pub-
lic health for it to land. That is the power.
That power is internal; that power is police;
that power is entirely independent of the com-
mercial power and has so been settled in re- !
peated instances. In the license cases that j
question was elaborated at very great length I
and it was settled distinctly that the police 1
power existed independent of the power to reg- |
ulato commerce, and was -exclusively in the j
States. !
Now let me call the attcntiou of the honor- I
able Senator from Massachusetts as to the con- :
dition of affairs in his own harbor. Quaran- ;
tine regulations exist in the harbor of Boston ;
by the power of the city. Did anybody e\er j
question it? The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States have said they properly exist and :
that they are exclusively within the power of !
the State government, and the General Gov- \
ornmclit, under its power of commercial regu- |
lation. has no right to interfere with them, j
Here is a circular in which the surgeongener.il
of that State says:
" By the general statutes of this Commonwealth.
control of the various mnnieipali ties of the State.'
That is true of Boston, and true of every
other city in the country where these regula-
tions have been made. Now, here is a more
elaborate statement of the sameprinciple in
the regulations of the Board of Health of the
city of New York, where they say:
. " It shall be the duty of the said board to give all
information that may be reasonably requested re-
specting any threatened danger to the pnblie. health
to the health officer of the port of New York and to
the commissioners of quarantine of said port, who
shall give like information," &c.
Showing that under the regulation of the
Stages tb.i very powers which are claimed to
be exercised by this measure and to be con-
ferred upon the Secretaries of War, Navy, and
the Treasury, are exercised and have been
exercised from the earliest period by the au-
thorities of the States, and are said to have been
properly exercised by the decisions to which I
have referred.
If anything could make this more plain, and
show, I will not say the absurdity, but the ques-
tionable propriety of this power, it is the sec-
ond clause of the first section:
2. That he shall also enforce the establishment of
sanitary cordons.
I ask my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts if he will undertake to say that the estab-
lishment of sanitary cordons is the exercise of
a commercial power.
Mr. SUMNER. Under the circumstances,
clearly yes.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, what is a sanitary
cordon? What is the literal definition of it?
Has it anything on earth to do with commerce?
What is the establishment of a sanitary cordon?
The literal meaning of it is a military post. That
is the definition. It is a post established by the
military power of the Government for sanitary
purposes.
Mr. SUMNER. "Sanitary cordon'' is a
sanitary line.
Mr. MORRILL. Drawn by whom?
Mr. SUMNER. Drawn by the Gorernment.
Mr. MORRILL. Drawn by the military
authority of the Government and maintained
by the military power of the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. A sanitary cordon under
this joint resolution would be a line drawn
according to the requirements of this resolu-
tion. It would notbe under the military power
of the Government, but under the commercial
power attaching to passengers.
Mr. MO RR1LL. A military cordon is estab-
lished on the frontier by the military power of
the Government to prevent the intercommuni-
cation of the people one way and the other for
fear of contagion. That is the definition of it;
that is the interpretation, and that is the his-
tory of it. Now, is there commerce in that?
Does that invoke the commercial power? It
is simply police; it is an establishment on the
frontier of a State for the protection of the pub-
lic health. That is what it is: nothing more
nor less. It comes within, the police power, and
that police power is exclusively in the States.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
ask him whether such a regulation, such a line
as that in the interior of a State, would notbe
just as much a sanitary cordon as one drawn
on the frontier?
Mr. MORRILL. To pre\ent intercommu-
nication between subordinate communities?
Mr. HOWE. Yes. sir.
Mr. MORRILL. I should say it would.
Mr. HOWE. I understood you to speak of
the frontier.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 did not mean frontiers
of independent nations, luit between any dis-
tinctive communities. Bat would the Senator
from Wisconsin, or the Senator from "Massa-
chusetts say that the General Government had
a riyht to establish sanitary cordons through-
out'the States, between the several counties,
towns, and cities? That is the principle of
this bill. That is so purely local and so purely
within the police regulations of the States
that I hardly think the argument would be
