1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3543
tee rise for the purpose of terminating debate
upon this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes; and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
CLOSE OJ? DEBATE.
Mr.MORRILL. ImovethatwhentheHouse
resumes the consideration o$the special order,
the tariff bill, all debate on the pending sec-
tion shall be terminated in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order; being bill of
the House No, 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes, the
pending question being upon Mr. J. L. Thomas' s
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no doubt but
what the copper interest of this country is lan-
guishing for the want of labor at such prices
as will enable the miners to conduct their bus-
iness without loss ; but I believe that when this
bill shall have passed, those who are engaged
in using foreign copper ore will bo as well off
as they have been heretofore. For it will be
noticed by the committee that we have in-
creased the rate on copper ingots, pigs, and
bars two and a half cents per pound, so that
the rate, if this bill passes, will be, on copper
five cents per pound, and on copper ore the
rate is raised from five to fifteen per cent, ad
valorem. It will not alter the relative position
very much, and I hope therefore that no change
in the bill will be allowed.
Mr. HIGBY. I have understood from the
gentleman from Maryland last on the floor,
[Mr. J. L. Thomas,] that those whom he repre-
sents are ready, on a question of tariff, to sus-
tain Massachusetts and Pennsj'lvania, one man-
ufacturing cloths and the other iron. I hope
the gentleman ivill bear in mind that while
Pennsylvania manufactures iron she uses the
raw material produced in the State; that while
Massachusetts and other New England States
manufacture cloth they manufacture it from
wool raised in those States ; and that there is
a tariff on those various articles of raw ma-
terial. I will say to gentlemen—for T have
heard no complaint that they cannot get enough
of the native ore—that my own State is largely
interested in this question of copper ore. I
believe that the delegation from California is
steadily voting for a tariff; yet most of the
manufactured articles that we use in that State
come from the eastern States. We are ready
to sustain the establishments of those States,
because we think it for the interest of the coun-
try to do so. We shall ask in return that the
Representatives of those States will aid us in
procuring a suitable tariff upon the copper
ore, in which we are largely interested. We
guaranty that we can supply all those estab-
lishments with the raw material for their man-
ufactures of copper. We desire that the raw
material which we produce shall be protected
just as the raw materials of iron and wool are
protected.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. J. L. Thomas, it was not agreed to,
there being—ayes 23, noes 67.
The Clerk read as follows :
On copper in pigs, insots, or bars, five cents per
pound; on copper sheathing for vessels, and yellow
metal sheathing,six cents per pound ; on old copper,
three cents per pound; 011 copper m plates, rods,
pipes, and copper bottoms, and all other manufac-
tures of copper, or of which copper shall be a com-
ponent material of chief value, not otherwise herein
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am authorized by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing amendment: after the word "plates,"
in the paragraph just read, insert "sheets.'''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am also authorized by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend by inserting in the last line of the para-
graph just read, after the word "forty," the
word "five," so that the duty shall be forty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
The amqjidment was agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS." I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph which has just been
read the following:
On copper and brass wire-clotb of a texture finer
tha"h thirty-six wires to tho running inch, fifty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe that-the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] is right
for once. [Laughter.] i do not know but that
fifty per cent, would bo high enough. How-
ever, I raise no objection.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would suggest au amend-
ment, to add this proviso to the pending para-
graph :
Provided, That copperheads shall bo admitted freo
of duty as liciotoforc.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RADFORD. I move to amend the
pending paragraph by striking out the word
" six," in line two hundred and twenty-eight.,
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "three
and a half;" so that the clause will read, "on
copper sheathing for vessels, and yellow metal
sheathing, three and a half cents per pound."
My reason for offering this amendment is that,
at the present time tho tariff on this article of
sheathing is so high that in most cases our
large vessels built in this country go to Europe
for the purpose of being coppered, saving there-
by a very large expense. This has been the
case with the duty at three and a half cents.
The Committee of Ways and Means now pro-
pose to increase the duty to six cents. I as-
sure members that if they adopt this proposi-
tion they will make a great mistake. Our ves-
sels will still go to Europe, and in increased
number, for the purpose of being coppered.
Mr. MORRILL. As wo have increased tho
duty on the raw material of copper to five cents
per pound, it would be manifestly improper
that copper sheathing should be admitted at a
lower rate. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will not prevail.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DEMING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to go back and make a cor-
rection in the amendment moved on Saturday
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
There was no objection.
Mr. DEMING. I move to strike out "draw-
ers" and insert "chest-handles;" so that it will
read, "on chest, drawer, till, cupboard, and
wardrobe locks of every description, and on
door and shutter bolts, andwrought-iron chest-
handles, twelve cents per dozen, and, in addi-
tion thereto, forty-five per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On brass in pigs and bars, thirty per cent, ad valo-
rem; on brass in plates, sheets, or wire, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem; on brass, old and only fit to
bo rcmanufactured, fifteen per cent, ad valorem; on
all m anufae tures or articl es of brass, or of which brass
shall be a component material of chief value, not
otherwise herein provided for, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, a few min-
utes before we adjourned, Saturday, I made a
motion to amend in the two hundred and sixth
and two hundred and seventh lines, but by
some misapprehension or inadvertence it was
supposed that I had made a motion to go back
to these lines. I now ask to amend by striking
out of these lines "fifty per cent." and insert-
ing "sixty per cent, ad valorem;" so as to
read, "on all harness and saddlery hardware,
sixty per cent, ad valorem.''
There was no objection.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, this increase
is asked for by most of the manufacturers of
saddlery hardware, who find it difficult, with
the high premium on gold and the legitimately
advanced rate of wages, to compete with the
foreign manufacturer. The capital invested
amounts to many millions of dollars in the
States of New Jersey, New York, and Connec-
ticut; and in the State of Pennsylvania it is
also an important interest. The factories in
manyplaces arc quiet, the operatives idle, and
the effect of the present comparatively low rate
of duty is very disastrous. I am informed
that foreign goods of this kind are now sold at
much less than those of American make, that
on many articles of saddlery liaf&ware the
prices of the foreign are from twenty to thirty
per cent, less than the A merican. This should
not be so, and we should seek to keep down the
competition by which our home-made goods
arc so much depressed. An increase of ten
per cent, over ihe amount recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means is all that
would be required to put the factories again at
work and to keep employed hundreds who are
now waiting anxiously the action of Congress.
I hope the chairman of tho committee [Mr.
Morrill] will not oppose this amendment, but
will agree with H)c that it should bo adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I am sorry to differ from
my houorable friend from Philadelphia, but it
is my belief that the increase recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means is ample.
Harness and saddlery hardware requires less
protection than almost any other article of hard-
ware,for the reason that that made by the Ameri-
can manufacturers is most sought after and will
bo taken even when the foreign article is offered
at a less price. The quality of American goods
is not only better but the style is far more beau-
tiful. Take tho article of buckles. The Ameri-
can manufacturers have more ingenuity in their
manufacture than the foreign manufacturers.
The latter make one at a time while the Ameri-
cans turn out a dozen at once.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask why it is that
the manufacturers of sadtMes and harness use
a greater proportion of American hardware
than of foreign hardware.
Mr. O'NEILL. With the consent of the
committee I will answer the gentleman's ques-
tion. I would be glad to go into a full discus-
sion of the matter, and am satisfied I could
show the injustice of the present proceeding.
Conceding all that the gentleman says, that the
American manufacturers of harness and sad-
dlery use American hardware, I teli him that
under the unjust policy pursued in this bill
toward the manufacturers of that hardware the
American manufacturers will be undersold in
our own markets by tho British article, and
hereafter instead of American harness and sad-
dlery hardware being used in this country we
will have that imported from foreign countries
in favor of which the present duty undoubtedly
fl 15PV1TY1 1 ft 01PQ
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On lead in pigs or bars, three cents per pound.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out "three" and insert "two." _ From
the information that I have, I am inclined to
think that the duty proposed by tho Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is too high. The duty
now is two cents per pound, and I doubt very
much whether the Committee of Ways and
Means have carried out their own intention
in the provisions they have reported in relation
to lead.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am somewhat
suJ^rised at the motion made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rick.] I have un-
derstood the argument of those in favor of this
bill to be that the higher the duty placed upon
