3544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
a given article introduced into this country the
cheaper will the article be furnished to the
consumer.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would ask the gentle-
man where he got that idea.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I obtained part of
the idea from the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Moorkead.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I never advocated any
such idea.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I certainly under-
stood the gentleman the other day to say that
certain articles that had had a.high duty im-
posed upon them had decreased in price.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I demonstrated that
while the duty on steel had been regularly ad-
vanced, steel manufactures were now furnished
more cheaply to the consumer than for twenty
years before.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is holding out
the idea that the greater the duty the cheaper
the article. Now, if the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Rice] had
been to increase the duty one per cent., instead
of decreasing it, I could hav^ understood its
appropriateness to the argument of the friends
of this bill.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would say
in reply to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] that I am certainly in favor of imposing
so much duty as may be necessary to give fair
protection to all our manufactures. But I am
not in favor of imposing upon any article of
raw material a duty so excessive as to be a
great deal more than what is necessary for rev-
enue and protection. I might reply to the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] by asking him
whether he is prepared to put so large a duty
upon the raw material as shall render neces-
sary a corresponding duty on the manufactured
article, in both cases being more than is neces-
sary for revenue and protection, and therefore
making the cost of the manufactured article
greater to the consumer than is necessary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If it will have the
result which has been presented to this House
as the one necessarily following that action, I
should be in favor of it. Here is my friend
from Missouri, [Mr.*HooAN,] a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, representing
a district of that State where a great deal of
lead is produced. My colleague near me, [Mr.
Allison,] from my own State, represents a
district where a great deal of lead is produced.
And so it is with the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Cobb.] I suppose that as a matter
of course they will be opposed to this amend-
ment of the .gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Rice,] because they are in favor of fur-
nishing lead to the people of this country at a
cheaper rate than they now do ; that is, they
will oppose lessening the duty so as to cheapen
the cost of the manufactured.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "two and a half" and
inserting "four," so as to make the duty four
cents a pound. I confess that I am very con-
siderably surprised, as well as the gentleman
from Iowa, [Air. Wilsox,] at the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Rice] to reduce the proposed duty on lead.
I have the honor to represent perhaps the
largest lead-producing district in the United
States; at least we think so there. And hence
my attention has been called somewhat par-
ticularly to this subject. And I was somewhat
disappointed and surprised at the report of
the committee in doubling the duty upon cop-
per as fixed by the tariff bill of 1864, and in
raising the duty on lead only to the extent they
did.
Sir, the production of lead in this country has
fallen off immensely within the last fifteen or
twenty years. The lead which was supplied to
the market up to within fifteen or twenty $fors
ago, was produced from surface diggings, pro-
duced easily, mined without the appliances of
machinery, and at a very trifling cost. But
now, throughout the northwestern lead-mining
district, represented by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburxe,] and myself, the sur-
face mines have been exhausted. And the
production has fallen off until I think I speak
within bounds when I say that we do not now
produce more than twenty per cent, of the
amount that we produced twenty years ago, and
the cost to those who producc it is three times
as much as it was before. There is no metal
in commerce, with perhaps a single exception,
that costs so much to produce it in proportion
to the price at which it sells as lead. To the
people engaged in its production it does not
pay five per cent, upon the capital and labor
employed; and its production becomes more
difficult day by day and year by year. Now,
while the people of my district will sustain—I
hope they will at least—a high tariff, so that it
b& reasonable and equal on the results of the
industry of 'the different parts of the country,
I shall be loth to say to them that while I have
voted for an increased tariff on manufactured
articles, while I have gone with New England
in this measure which is called the peculiar
measure of Now England, while I have turned
my back upon the suggestion so often made in
my country to leave that favored spot out in the
cold, the men from New England have been
the first to get up on this floor and oppose the
small measure of protection that is offered us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. HOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
not make that motion just yet.
Mr. MORRILL. I will leave time enough
for the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hogan]
to be heard after we shall have gone into com-
mittee again.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
ASSAULT UPON A MEMBER.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a privileged
question. I am instructed by the select com-
mittee on the violation of the privileges of
members of this House to submit a report,
with accompanyingresolutions, which, together
with the testimony taken by that committee, I
move be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask that the resolutions
accompanying the report be read.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a question
of order. I wish to give notice, and if neces-
sary to reserve the point now, that upon one
of the resolutions accompanying this report I
shall raise a point of order as to the' jurisdic-
tion of the committee.
Mr. THAYER. I make the point of order
that that is not now a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to give notice of a point of order which
he proposes to raise when the subject shall be
brought before the House for its action.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Let the resolutions
be read.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. Lovell II. Rousseau, a Rep-
resentative from the State of Kentucky, for com-
mitting an assault upon the person of Hon. J. E.
Gkinnell, a Representative from the State of Iowa,
for words spoken in debate, has justly iorfeited his
privileges as a member of this House, and is hereby
expelled.
Resolved, That the personal reflections made by
Mr. Gkinnell, a Representative from the State of
Iowa, in presence of the House, upon the character
of Mr. Rousseau, a Representative from the State
of Kentucky, wore in violation of the rules regulating
debate and the privilegesofraembersfounded thereon,
and merit the disapproval of the House. -
Resolved, That Charles T. Pennibacker, of Ken-
tucky, L. B. Snigsby, of Kentucky, and John S. Mc-
Grew, of Ohio, by their presence and participation
in a premeditated personal assault between Hon. Mr.
Rousseau, of Kentucky, and Hon. Mr. Griknell, of
Iowa, on account of words spoken in debate, in which
the persons if not the lives of members of this House
were imperiled, were guilty of a violation of its priv-
ileges; and they are hereby ordered to be brought to
the bar of this House to answer for their contempt
of its privileges.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. _ I do not desire to
delay the House at this time by having this
question disposed of at this time. But in rela-
tion to the second resolution, I suggest that
under Rule 62 of this House, it is too late
to raise the question there raised against my
colleague, [Mr. Grinnell.] I do not make
the point now foiftthe purpose of bringing up
the question for discussion at the present time;
but I do not wish to waive my right to raise the
point when the report shall come before the
House for action.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
the point to be decided now by the Chair?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir. I only
desire to have the point reserved, not to delay
the House at the present time, but in order
that I may not be precluded from making it at
the proper time.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I ask that the report
be read.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to present the re-
port of the minority of the committee. The
committee, I may remark, were unanimous
upon all but one resolution. The minority
report proposes a substitute for the first reso-
lution of the majority.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
substitute proposed by the minority of thS com-
mittee for the first resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. LoveliL H. Rousseau be sum-
moned to the bar of the House and be there publicly
reprimand^ by the Speaker for a violation of tho
rights and privileges of the House, of which he was
guiltyinthe personal assault committed by him upon
Hon. J. B. Grinnell for words spoken in debate.
Mr. LE BLOND. I understand from the
remarks of the gentleman from Iowa that the
question he reserves relates to the resolution
censuring his colleague, [Mr. Griunell,] and
is in the nature of an objection to the jurisdic-
tion of the committee. I would suggest to the
gentleman that he should make his reservation
large enough to apply to the other gentlemen
referred to in the resolutions ; for it does seem
to me that, if this committee have no jurisdic-
tion in the case of his colleague, they have none
in the case of the other gentlemen.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. With the permis- *
sion of the House, I will ask that the rule be
read.
Mr. MORRILL. I submit, Mr. Speaker,
that this debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. J. L. Thomas] has demanded the
reading of the entire report. If he insists on
the demand the Clerk must read it.
Several Members. Let it be read.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the report will not
fos r6nd
Mr. JOHNSON. If the report be read, I
will ask for the reading of the testimony.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I withdraw my de-
mand for the reading of the report.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the reading of the report. We may as well
have it read now as at any other time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I shall have to de-
mand the reading of the testimony.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule in
regard to the reading of the testimony when
that point comes up. The report will be read.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg to call attention to
the fact that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Rousseau] is not now in his seat; and I
hope that no further proceedings in reference
to this matter will be taken in his absence.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I trust that my col-
league [Mr. Randall] will withdraw his call
for the reading of the report, and let us go on
with the tariff bill. The report can be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] who
has charge of this matter, when he proposes
