1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
perience differ so widely, it is not at all strange
that common minds become confused.
We must get out of this dilemma in some
way. It has sometimes happened in the Army
that the rank and file understood the situation
and what was necessary to be done better than
their officers. On one occasion a commanding
officer gave orders to his engineer to bridge a
stream with as little delay as possible. The
learned engineer went to work getting up his
plan on scientific principles, but before he had
completed it the soldiers, without his knowl-
edge, had completed the bridge, which answered
the purpose just as well and perhaps better than
the engineer's bridge would have done. A little
common sense is sometimes better than much
learning without any practical sense with it.
I believe, sir, that even our distinguished
leaders might receive some profit by occasion-
ally listening to suggestions from gentlemen of
less learning. I believe there is at least a fair
share of common sense in this House outside
of the brilliant circle within which the discus-
sion of the more important measures has here-
tofore been mostly confined, and I hope it may
hereafter be permitted to exercise its proper in-
fluence upon the great questions of reconstruc-
tion. Among the first things done by this
honorable body was to place all papers and
propositions pertaining to that question in the
keeping of a joint committee, without discus-
sion, and we have to wait the action of that
committee before we can move at all. 1 think
the appointment of such a committee was a very
proper and necessary thing to be done in order
to insure prompt and harmonious action in both
branches of Congress. The people, however,
are becoming very impatient at the delay, and
do notunderstand why Congrcsshasnotadopted
some definite plan of reconstruction. They do
not understand how difficult it is even for great
minds to agree upon important questions. They
do not appreciate the fine-spun theories of gen-
tlemen as to the present status of the rebellious
States. They know very well that certain States
attempted to take themselves out of the Union
and form a separate and independent govern-
ment, and that the Government of the United
States, through its President and Congress,
proclaimed that a State had no right to secede,
and that the Union must be preserved fntact.
They have a pretty distinct recollection of the
sacrifices they made in lives and in money to sus-
tain the Government, and they know that the
Union cause, after four years of terrible1 war,
was completely triumphant; that armed rebel-
lion has been entirely suppressed, and that the
attempt to sever the Union has failed. 'They
fought to preserve the Union. They have done
all that a patriotic people could do, and now
they expect Congress to pass such measures as
will sccure the Union from future harm. You
may call them dead States or live States, or
what you please, but most people believe that
the States are, in some way, in the Union, and
they care as little about your calling them dead
States, conquered States, or live States as they
do about the important question whether For-
ney is a live duck or "a dead duck."
1 do not propose to enter very extensively
into a discussion of these questions as to the
status of the rebel States. I do not consider
myself capable of throwing any now light upon
the subject, nor do I consider it necessary for
a proper determination of the question whether
the people of a State who have been in rebel-
lion against the Government of the United
States are in a condition to be restored to their
practical relations with that Government and
entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States. I object to the resolutions
on Tennessee reported from the committee be-
caase they present theories and issues not ne-
cessary to the proper decision of the question
whether Tennessee is entitled to representation
in Congress.
I will ask permission to read the resolutions:
t Jlesolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled. That whereas the people of
ieimeseeo have made known to tlie Congress of the
United States their desire that the constitutional re-
lations Qer-sfcofore existing between tiiciu and the
United States maybe fully reestablished, and did, on
the 22d day of February, 1865, by alarge popular vote,
adopt and ratify a constitution of government, re-
publican in form, and not inconsistent with the Con-
stitution and la s of the United States, and a State
government hasbeen organized under the provisions
thereof, which said provisions, and the laws passed
in pursuance thereof, proclaim and denote !oy;i Il.y to
the Union; and whereas the people of Tennessee are
found to bo«n a condition to exercise the functions
of a State within this Union, and can only exercise
the samo by the consent of the law-making power of
the United States: Therefore,
Mesolved, That the State of Tennessee is hereby
declared to be one of the United States of America,
on an equal footing with the other States, upon the
express condition that the people of Tennessee will
maintain and enforco in good faith their existing
constitution and laws excluding those who have been
engaged in rebellion against the United States from
the exercise of the elective franchise for the respect-
ive periods of time therein i^rovided for, and shall
exclude the same persons for the like respective pe-
riods of time from eligibility to office, and the State
of Tennessee shall never assume or pay any debt or
obligation contracted or incurred in aid of the rebel-
lion, nor shall said State ever in any manner claim
from the United States, or make any allowance or
compensation for slaves emancipated or liberated in
any way whatever, which conditions shall be ratified
by the Legislature of Tennessee or the people thereof
as the Legislature may direct, before this act shall
take effect.
Mr. Speaker, the first objection I make is to
the assertion that the people of Tennessee can
only exercise the functions of a State by con-
sent of the law-making power of the United
States. Now, whether that be true or not in
regard to the people of Tennessee, it is entirely
unnecessary to assertit in determining the ques-
tion whether Tennessee is entitled to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States,
and can do no possible good and can have no
possible effect, unless it be to make or declare
void all the acts done by the present govern-
ment of Tennessee. The resolutions recite that
the people of Tennessee have adopted a con-
stitution and established a State government
and passed laws "which proclaim and denote
loyalty to the Union.'' But the resolutions vir-
tually say that all the acts of the Legislature
heretofore passed are null and void. 'This was
undoubtedly the intention, for in a subsequent
part of the resolution it is required that the
Legislature of Tennessee shall reenact all its
laws disfranchising rebels, &c.; and further-
more, they require the Legislature to repudiate
all rebel debts, although such debts are ex-
pressly repudiated by provisions of the consti-
tution. Does any one suppose that the en-
actment of a Legislature can add any force
to a constitutional provision? Certainly no
lawyer will make such a claim. Then, again,
it is made a condition that the State of Ten-
nessee shall never, in any manner, claim from
the United States compensation for emanci-
pated slaves. Upon what principle can the
State of Tennessee claim compensation for
slaves emancipated by her own act, by her own
constitution, before the emancipation amend-
ment to the United States Constitution was
passed? For myself, I have no tear that the
United States will ever pay for any emancipated
slaves in any State ; and as to Tennessee, 1 do
not believe any precautionary conditions are
necessary. Acts of Congress and acts of State
Legislatures which may be repealed by any
subsequent Congress or Legislature amount to
nothing as guarantees.
These resolutions were intended, in my opin-
ion, to repudiate the present government of
Tennessee, constitution and laws. I cannot
reconcile them with any other view. Having
declared the constitution and laws of the State
government vofd for the want of the assent of
Congress, they go on to recognize the existence
and validity of the Legislature, and authorize
and require it to pass laws. Now, I would like
to have some one more enlightened than 1 am
inform me upon what principle Congress can
recognize a Legislature elected without author-
ity and without a constitution? There can be
no State Legislature without a State constitu-
tion providing for it. You might as well enact
a law that this Capitol shall stand after the
foundation is knocked from under it.
It would have been much more satisfactory
if the committee had reported in plain and
direct language that the present State govern-
ment of Tennessee, having been organized with-
out the assent of Congress, is a usurpation, and
that the constitution and laws enacted in pur-
suance thereof are null and void, and then re-
porting a resolution or bill legalizing the pres-
ent State government, or else providing for the
organizing of a State government de novo.
Then we could have met the question squarely.
But, Mr. Speaker, I object to this covert way
of establishing anybody's theory. Let us have
these questions presented to us'fairly and openly.
I hold that the people of a State finding
themselves from any cause without a govern-
ment, may organize a government and exercise
the functions of a government without the as-
sent of Congress. Supposing after the rebels
were driven from Tennessee the Government
of the United States had withdrawn all her
troops and agents from the State, leaving the
people without even martial law, would they
not have had a right to organize a government ?
Must they be left entirely without a government
or laws until such time as Congress should see
fit to authorize the organization of govern-
ment? I think not, sir. If they had formed
a rebellious government, or a government not
republican in form, or in any respect in viola-
tion of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, then it would have become the duty of
this Government to put it down. But, sir, if
they bad organized a loyal government, repub-
lican in form, in all respects in conformity with
the Constitution and laws of the United Slates,
and in good faith for the purpose of sustaining
the Government of the United States, who will
say that it would not have become the duty of
Congress to recognize that government?
Now, what are the tacts in regard to the
organization of the present government of
Tennessee? The rebellion was crushed in that
State and the rebels driven out. The people
of the State were governed entirely by martial
law. Nothing could be done without the con-
sent of military commanders. If any judges
or magistrates exercised the functions of their
offices it was simply by permission or order
of the military commanders, and subject to
their control. I commanded the district of
Memphis during the year 1804. During part
of that time there were some civil courts in
operation by military authority, but their acts
were entirely subject to and sometimes set
aside by that authority. I remember instruct-
ing a justice of the peace in Memphis that he
must treat black men the samo as white men,
and that the rule "that the black man had no
rights which a white man was bound to respect"
would not be in force in the district of Mem-
phis as long as I remained in command.
Now, sir, while this state of things existed
in Tennessee the present State "government was
organized by the loyal people of the State, with
the assent and by the authority of the President
of the United States, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, and his subordinate military offi-
cers. It was done not only for the good of
the people of Tennessee, but also to aid the
Government of the United States to put down
the rebellion. It may be urged that it is the
mere creature of martial law. I say in answer,
that acts done within the proper scope of mar-
tial law are just as valid as if done by authority
of civil law, and I deny the right of Congress
to invalidate such acts.
I claim that it was perfectly competent for
the military authority to organize a State gov-
ernment in Tennessee during the existence of
martial law, as it was competent for post com-
manders to organize municipal governments in
towns and cities in aid of their duty of govern-
ing and controlling the people ; and it was done
in numerous instances in the South during the
war.
But whether the State or people of Tennes-
see are in a condition to entitle them to repre-_ .
sentation in the Congress of the United States
is another and very different question. It is a
question which rests with Congress alone.
The third section of the second article of the
Constitution of the United States says:
"He [the President] shall from time to time giveto
