144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Loam.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
of their number, and that they can exercise all
the powers and perform all the functions be-
longing to such States; that, unaided by any
other authority or power, they-have'the right
and the ability, at their option, to resume their
relations with the. Federal Government", even
against its consent. All of which all loyal men
know to be as felste and heretical as were the
doctrines of State-rights and the other like fal-
lacies that culminated inrebeilioti. We knew
that the States, as such, owe allegiance to the
Federal Government as the paramount author-
ity ; that as States they are represented in the
Senate as the people are in-this House of the
Congress of the United States. If the States
that joined ini the rebellion had remained faith-
ful as States in the Union, we know there could
have been no' organization of the people in the
interestsof treason ; and we also know that they
formally, as States, renounced their allegiance
to the Federal Government, re-called their Sen-
ators from the Congress of the United States,
and then entered the portals of organized rebel-
lion and disappeared forever.
On their ruins the traitor inhabitants there
erected eleven rebel States and they estab-
lished a central government, known as the con-
federate States of America, all of which they
claimed to be independent of and entirely dis-
connected with this Government. They de-
clared that they had severed every tie that
btfund theih to it, and for more than four years
waged a war against it which, for gigantic pro-
portions, savage barbarity, and wanton cruelty,
has no parallel in modern times. In the pro-
gress of this war, to enable us to oppose it suc-
cessfully, and to maintain our just authority
over our national domain, it became necessary
to proclaim the freedom of all the slaves in the
rebel States and to call large numbers of them
into our armies. Finally, we succeeded in dis-
persing the rebel armies, and the confederate
government was dissolved, and the armies of the
Republic took possession: of and still hold all
the rebellious territory. Themilitary authorities
deposed the rehel governments found there and
established military, or, as they are more popu-
larly known, provisional governments, in their
places. On the consummation of these happy
results the popular mind greatly rejoiced in
the fond belief that the war of the great rebel-
lion was closed and the nation saved; and the
people hoped for a speedy return to peace, with
all its attendant joys and blessings. Never was
there a greater mistake nor a more delusive
hope. Like the spider, whose web is suddenly
swept away, the rebel chieftains, shrewd, wily,
and irrepressible, on the dispersion of their
armies realized the utter and irretrievable fail-
ure of their attempt to divide or destroy this
Republic by force, and at once comprehended
the necessity for changing their plans. Fraud
is the inevitable alternative of those who find
themselves too weak to succeed by force, and
the_ rebel leaders have transferred the contest
which they -Waged for the division of the Re-
public from the battle-field to the political
arena. There, in the guise of friends, in the
name of loyalty, in the avowed cause of peace,
harmony, and union, they have assumed 'to
organize in the late rebellious districts civil
State governments, and demand for them the
recognition of political relations with the Fed-
eral Government as States in the Union,
their real object and purpose being to secure
a position which will enable them to form po-
litical combinations by which they can, as for-
merly, control the policy of the Government,
that they may direct it to national destruction,
for they have found it to possess a power that
they cannot resist, and one that will control
them unless they can destroy it.
Recent events give to these demands and pur-
poses a significance and importance which show
them to be more dangerous to the safety of the
Republic than were the rebel armies in the days
oftheirmostbrilliant victories. In this hidden
danger, which cannot be seen and appreciated
as could the rebel hosts in battle array, lies the
greatest peril of the Republic. The-utmost
caution; the highest statesmanship, and the
most devoted patriotism are required to guide
safely the ship of state through these impend-
ing dangers. A mistake here would probably
prove fetal. There is no opportunity for exper-
iment; out action in the premises may be final
and conclusive; Let us once permit any of
these reconstructed rebel States to resume their
political relations with the Federal Govern-
ment and our power over them as disorganized
communities will cease.
They are now without the protection of our
Constitution, placed there by their crimes delib-
erately perpetrated, and we can lawfully deal
with them in any way that in our opinion the best
interests and the safety of-the country may
demand. Therefore, before we conclude our-
selves by any action in the premises, we should
know that the political power in the State seek-,
ing recognition is confided exclusively to loyal
hands, and that equal privileges and exact justice
have been secured bylaw alike to all loyal citi-
zens. I think I can safely say that Congress could
not in the faithful discharge of its duties in rela-
tion to those districts recognize the political-rela-
tions of any States organized therein to the Fed-
eral Government until the inhabitants thereof
give some evidence of their hatred of treason
and of love for their country and its republican
institutions, nor until rebel sentiments, rebel
flags, rebel generals, rebel valor, rebel mem-
ories, and rebel debts are repudiated ; nor until
the love of justice, law, and order is so firmly
ingrafted in the minds of the people as to
give unquestioned assurance of an enduring
peace.
Timid peace men who are afraid to do right
for fear they might do wrong, and tfie apologists
for traitors and rebels, insist that they have done
enough to entitle them to be restored to their
rights and privileges in the Union. Such-men
tell us that the rebels have laid down their arms,
that they are disposed to acquiesce in the re-
sults -of the w§r, and that they are willing to
accept the situation. It is true, the rebels laid
down their arms when they had no power to
retain them any longer; that they are disposed
to acquiesce in the results of the war, because
-they are powerless to do otherwise; and they
are willing to accept the situation, because they
have no option to refuse it. It is said that the
rebels are disposed to be loyal, and are willing to
return to their allegiance, but when they come
they come in the interests of treason. Without
authority of law, conventions were called to
organize State governments in the rebellious
districts; at the elections held to select delegates
to these conventions nearly all the loyal peo-
ple there were excluded from the polls, and
candidates were voted for and elected because
of their services in the armies of the rebellion,
and of their assured fidelity to the cause of the
traitors. In the constitutions they adopted, the
political and nearly all the personal rights which
this nation stands pledged to guaranty to its
colored soldiers and its colored citizens—the
only considerable portion of the inhabitants
there that is or has recently been loyal to the Re-
publie—are ignored; and standing armies and
martial law are yet required to enforce national
authority and to protect the loyal people against
rebel violence and outrage. In violation of
common decency and in contempt of law, these
reconstructed rebels have, in many instances,
elected as Representatives to this Congress,
notorious, defiant rebels, whose infamous career
in treachery and crime renders it impossible for
them to take the oaths of office prescribed by
law without committing perjury.
•The allegiance they offer is not based upon a
thorough and heartfelt repentance of their
treason, nor does it arise from a patriotic de-
votion to their country, nor from a just pride in
its glory and greatness and power. But it is
offered in the hope that it will prove the means
of affording them another opportunity to again i
betray the country, and, if possible, to effect its
destruction.
Let no one suppose, that in expressing these
views, I am opposed to the speedy restoration
of the rebel .States to their places as States in
the Union. . I am as anxious as any one can
be to see harmonious relations existing be-
tween every part of this country. I will allow
no feelings of vengeance, or any memories of
the past, to interpose to prevent the restora-
tion of amicable relations between the Repub-
lic and the States lately in revolt. When the
war of the rebellion is elosed and peace is pro-
claimed ; when the order establishing martial
law in those States shall have been revoked
and civil authority established; when loyal cit-
izens from every part of the Republic are pro-
tected there by the civil law as distinguished
from the military ; when the leading traitors
who sought the division of the Republic and
the destruction of our Government are scorned
and despised for their treason, and loyal men
are honored and trusted for their fidelity to
their county; when these States are organized
in the interests of loyalty; when the rights of
all citizens are alike protected by the law;
when there is no exclusion of any from the
ballot-box who may have borne or who are
liable to bear arms in defense of our common
country—in a word, when they come as loyal
States, organized and controlled by loyal men,
I shall be ready and willing to receive them
into the sisterhood of States, without inquiring
how or by what authority they were organized.
But they will never come as loyal States so
long as unrepentant rebels are permitted to
control their political destiny and rule the
loyal people there. " Conciliation and kind-
ness" have ever been thrown away when be-
stowed upon rebels. '' Extending confidence
to them does' not beget confidence in return."
The ordinary motives that govern human ac-
tion have no application to the rebels. The
demon of slavery has corrupted their natures,
and they are no longer under human influences.
In the war they prosecuted for the destruction
of this Government, they disregarded all laws
human and divine. Assassination and murder,
arson and robbery, were recognized by them
as legitimate modes of warfare. Who does not
remember the massacre at Lawrence, where
they surrounded at daybreak a peaceable town
remote from the theater of actual hostilities,
and murdered the citizens by hundreds in cold
blood, and then sacked and burned the town'?
And the massacre at Fort Pillow, where the
garrison, after having surrendered, were delib-
erately murdered, some of whom were cruci-
fied by nailing them to a cross, and were after-
ward; while alive, thrown into the (lames of
burning buildings? Or those still more crueland
heartless atrocities perpetrated at Salisbury,
Andersonville, and Libby prisons, where our
soldiers by thousands and tens of thousands
were compelled to endure the lingering tortures
of death by starvation and exposure to the ele-
ments? These were not the rash and incon-
siderate acts of irresponsible subordinates in
the confederate service; but they were the
deliberate and well-considered acts of the con-
federate government, and were authorized and
permitted by the general officers in its armies;
in many instances the same men who have re-
organized the rebel States, and who now con-
trol them, and who are asking for them recog-
nition as loyal States in the Union, they
assert that they are loyal now, and as a proof of
their loyalty they propose to swallow as many
of what they facetiouslv term "our iron-clad
oaths" as will satisfy us of the fact.
Bitter experiences in my State have taught
the people there the impolicy of trusting to the
loyalty of a rebel who offers no better evi-
dence of conversion from treason to loyalty
than can be found in the virtue of an "iroa-
clad or any other oath.
Ihe late President, whose excellent judg-
ment. was frequently warped by the kindness of
