1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
the Congress information of the state of the Union,
and recommend to their consideration such measures
as he shall judge necessary and expedient."
By another constitutional provision the Pres-
ident is authorized to veto, or refuse to sign
any measure passed by Congress which he dis-
approves, and return the same for the further
consideration of Congress, and then it can only
become a law'by receiving the votes of two
thirds of each House in favor of its passage.
Now, sir, these two provisions of the Con-
stitution give to the President all the power
which he has over this question. It is not
merely his privilege, but it is his duty, to give
advice and recommend to Congress such meas-
ures as his judgment dictates, and no one has
any more right to call in question his motives
for any advice he may think proper to give, or
for any recommendation ho may make to Con-
gress, or for exercising the veto power, than he
lias 1 o call in question the motives of the learned
members of this honorable body who differ so
widely upon the same questions.
While I think, sir, that this House has the
naked power to admit Representatives from
Tennessee, or any of the rebel States, without
the coneuiTcucc of the Senate or President. I
do not, think it ought to admit Representatives
from any State which has been in open rebel-
lion against the national Government, without
the concurrent or joint action of all branches
of the legislative power determining that the
State or the people of the State have returned
to their loyalty, and that, they are in a condi-
tion enlitling them to lie represented in the
Congress ot the United States. The clause in
the Constitution which says each House shall
be the judge of the elections, returns, and qual-
ifications of its own members,'' wasnotmade to
meet such an exigency as is upon us now. In
my humble judgment it is not applicable to the
present case at all. It is only applicable to
States and people where there is no question
as to their right to elect and send Senators and
Representatives to Congress. If the people of
a State rebel and take up arms against the
Government, they certainly forfeit that right.
Would the Senate have a light to receive Sen-
ators, or the House Representatives, from a
State in rebellion? 1 think not. The people
of the States lately in rebellion forfeited the
right to representation in the Congress of the
United States, and 1 hold that iliey cannot
resume that right until the legislative power of
the Government, by proper action, restores it
to them, it is a question for Congress to de-
cide when the people of a State who have been
in rebellion are in a condition to resume the
right of representation, and it is a question to
be determined in reference to the good of the
whole country, and not upon any abstract right
of the people of flic particular State. There
having been a time when the people of the
rebellious States had not the right of represen-
tation, it follows, according to mv view, that
the Government must determine the time when
they may resume the right. When I speak of
the Government, 1 mean, of course, the legis-
lative and executive departments acting within
their respective spheres.
The late war, Mr. Speaker, lias imposed
great obligations upon the national Govern-
ment, the most important and sacred of which
is that of providing for the disabled soldiers,
the soldiers' widows, and the soldiers' orphans.
The Government is also bound to provide for
the future protection ot the lives, theliberty, and
the rights of property of the loyal white people
and of the loyal colored people of the rebel-
lious States. Those obligations must be fHith-
fullv discharged, and 1 am not willing by any
act of mine to transfer the control of the Gov-
ernment to the party or to the men who would
be likely to dibi egard these obligations. Nor
do I yet believe, Mr. Speaker, that the Presi-
dent will commit so great a crime. 1 cannot
believe that Andrew .Johnson would sacrifice
the interests of the Union soldiers who have
so nobly fought the battles of their country,
j^nd the widows and orphans of those men
who have sacrificed their lives upon the altar
of their country's liberties. I cannot believe
that Andrew Johnson will turn over to the
tender mercies of their enemies the loyal peo-
ple of Tennessee, whom he induced, more than
any other one man, to rally around the flag of
their country, and enlist and fight in the Union
cause, and who have suffered more than tongue
can tell. If he does, sir, he will go down in
history damned with a more infamous fame
than even Buchanan, the last of Democratic
Presidents. Yet, Mr. Speaker, there are some
who believe it, some who fear it, and some who
desire it. It is not to be denied that there lias
existed in certain quarters a fixed purpose to
bring about a breach or controversy between
the President and Congress.
Early in the session, the distinguished gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and
a distinguished Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. SrMxiiti] commenced throwing stones at
the White House, and, 1 think, the President
made a great mistake when he descended from
his high position to throw back at them. If
he had passed along 011 the even tenor of his
way, paying 110 attentiontothem, all their abuse
would have had about as little effect upon him
as it would for a little child to strike an ele-
phant with a straw. The people have great
re«pect for the presidential office. They know
the history of Andrew Johnson, and the noble
stand which he took in the Senate of the United
States and elsewhere against the rebellion; and
his steadfast support oi the Union cause during
the war is still fresh in their memories. They
cannot easily be made to believe that now,
after the Union cause has so gloriously tri-
umphed in the field, this same Andrew John-
son is about 10 prove recreant to the great trust
so eonfidine'ly reposed in him bv the great loyal
constituency of the Republic. They have sacri-
ficed thousands of their most precious lives;
they have contributed millions upon millions
of money, and they will not permit any com-
bination of politicians to snatch from them the
fruits of their victory. Let them become satis-
fied that the President does not intend to and
will not prove faithless to the cause of the loyal
people of the cormlry, and they will stand by
him, regardless of attacks from any quarter, as
they stood by President Lincoln, notwithstand-
ing" he, too. was bitterly assailed by many dis-
tinguished members of Congress and politi-
cians. But the people had the utmost confi-
dence in the puiity of the motives and purposes
of Mr. Lincoln, and 3 hope they will have good
reason to repose the same confidence in Presi-
dent Johnson.
The political history of this country indicates
very distinctly that no public man need expect
to secure the confidence or respect of any re-
spectable portion of the people by betraying
the confidence of those who elected him to
office or by falsifying the professions he made
before his election. The Democrats encour-
aged and lauded the defection of John Tyler
from the party which elected him. but their
subsequent conduct showed very clearly that
although they '' loved the treason, they despised
the traitor.''" And thus it will ever be. What-
ever politicians may say or think, the great
mass of the American people of all parties
despise bad faith in public men.
1 make these remarks. Mr. Speaker, because
I desire this honorable body, but more partic-
ularly my constituents, to understand my po-
sition. and because 1 intend to say and do say
1 hat I disapprove the assaults made upon the
President which I have referred to. f think
they were uncalled for, out of place, and added
nothing to the fair fame of the distinguished
gentlemen wdio made tliem. Now, sir, I do
not suppose these gentlemen care a fig about
my opinion or about what t say, but my constit-
uents do. and I mean to leave them no room to
doubt as to my views upon this matter. I wish
them distinctly to understand that I do not fol-
low the distinguished chairman of the commit-
tee on reconstruction in that part of his plan
i of reconstructing the rebellious States. It
; looks very much to me as if it was thought
i in certain quarters to be necessary or at least
politic, in order to insure the success of cer-
tain theories and plans of reconstruction, to
get up a quarrel or Bad state of feeling between
the President and Congress and to destroy the
confidence of loyal people in the President.
Sir, I will not be a party to' any such Warfare.
I am no apologist for the President. I have no
personal favors to ask of him. I never asked
any such favors from any President, and I never
expect to ; but, Mr. Speaker, the President of.
the United States is entitled to respectful treat-
ment in this body, composed as it is of the
Representatives of the people, and especially
from distinguished gentlemen who are looked
upon by the whole country as leaders, and who
are held responsible for the character of its
proceedings. I never had any taste or dispo-
sition for paying court to men in high places,
and perhaps I have not as much veneration'for
the great experience and eminentabilities of the
distinguished chairman of the reconstruction
committee as 1 ought to have, but if that be so
it is my misfortune. I cannot help it.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that we shall decide
the question of the admission of representation
from the State of Tennessee upon its merits,
uninfluenced, one way or the other, by feel-
ings of hostility to the President or to the Presi-
dent's policy; and I hope, sir, that no one will
be moved to oppose the admission of Repre-
sentatives from Tennessee because the present
State government of Tennessee was organized
-.vbile Andrew Johnson was military governor
of that State, or because he was in some meas-
ure instrumental in bringing it about and ap-
proved it as military governor. It must be
remembered that Governor Johnson was a
subordinate officer of President Lincoln, and
that President Lincoln directed and approved
his acts in that regard. President Lincoln
was responsible for the present State govern-
ment of Tennessee, and not Andrew Johnson,
and it was organized with his approbation,
and in accordance with his known policy. If
we repudiate it we are not repudiating the
doings or policy of Andrew Johnson merely,
but also the doings and policy of President
Lincoln. I take it, sir, that no man will ven-
ture to go before the people and impugn the
motives of President Lincoln for this policy,
or undertake to convince theiA that it ought
to be repudiated because it has been adopted
by his successor.
Mr. Speaker, the facts cited in the resolutions
of the committee, and the evidence taken be-
fore the committee and reported with the reso-
lutions, the well-known history of the loyal
people of Tennessee, their constant devotion
to the Union cause, their trials, their sacrifices,
the number and services of their soldiers in the
Union Army, and the welfare of the whole
country, in my opinion, demand at our hands
an early recognition of tlie present State gov-
ernment of Tennessee and the admission of her
Senators and ltepresen'ativesinto the Congress
of the United States without imposing any fur-
ther conditions. If thefaithfulness of the loyal
people of Tennessee through all the dark days of
the war does not entitle them to the confidence
of the national Government, when, I ask, will
you find in any State lately in rebellion the
same number or the same proportion of the
people in whom you can place any confidence ?
Not, sir, during the present generation, if ever.
Refuse to recognize the present government of
Tennessee and you strike a fatal blow at loy-
alty in that State, and in all the other States.
If you wish to keep up and increase loyal sen-
timent at the South, you must trust,, encourage,
and support it wherever found. It is not, only
: for the interest of the loyal people, but for the
1 interest of all the people or i ennessee, that the
! controversy as to the government of that Stale
1 should be settled as soon as practicable, that
I their minds may be put at rest 011 that subject.
! Hear what Major General George H.Thomas,
j commanding that department, says. I quote
' from his testimony before the committee ■.
! " gueition. So far as your lsnowlcdsre and observa-
tion extend, what is the condition of the popular sen-
timent in the Stats of Tennessee, so far as it relates
