1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
his heart, fondly believed that a people whom
civil war and rivers of blood had divided could,
by merely being placed in juxtaposition, be
reunited in bonds of amity and friendship, and
he determined to try the experiment, and se-
lected our State as the place for the trial.
By his amnesty proclamation, appended to
his annual message to Congress in December,
1863, he had invited the rebel soldiers to lay
down theirarms and return to theirhomes, prom-
ising that they should be protected there on
taking the oath prescribed in the proclamation.
As the war had been conducted in Missouri
with more than ordinary cruelty and outrage
on the part of the rebels, those of them who
availed themselves of the President's procla-
mation of amnesty were not received by the
Union men on their return home with the ut-
most kindness; in fact it was dangerous in some
localities for them to remain at home, even
under the President's promise for their pro-
tection. When informed of this fact the Pres-
ident was very desirous that they should have
the protection promised them. He therefore
permitted the Union men, who at the risk of
all that was near and dear to them had been
for years, as soldiers under the Union flag,
exposing themselves to the bullets of their rebel
neighbors in the character of rebel soldiers,
bushwhackers, and guerrillas, to be disarmed
and the flag taken from them and given, with
their arms, to their rebel neighbors who had
taken the amnesty oath. When, in the name
and on behalf of my outraged fellow-soldiers, I
expostulated with him for allowing this great
wrong to be committed, he replied that it was
a necessity, that there must come a time when
the rebels and the Union men would have
to live together in harmony and on terms of
friendship, when they would have to go to the
same mill and the same post office, and to meet
at the same ballot-box, and the sooner that time
should come the easier it would be for them to
resume friendly relations; that as the Union
men were not disposed to give protection to
returning rebels, and in many instances were
inclined to drive them off by force, it was pru-
dent to disarm the Union men and thereby de-
prive them of the means of driving the amnestied
rebels from their homes. But as such rebels
were coming home at intervals and in compara-
tively small numbers, they would not probably
be sufficiently strong to resist the Union men
who, although disarmed, might be disposed to
drive the rebels out of the country; therefore
it was necessary to organize them as soldiers,
arm them as such and place them under the
protection of the national flag, where he be-
lieved the Union men dared not disturb them,
and as they had laid down their arms and left
the rebel armies, thereby manifesting a desire
to live peaceably at home, there was no reason
to believe that they would interfere with the
Union men if they would behave themselves,
and thus peace would be secured to all par-
ties.
The theory was plausible and speaks well for
the kindness of the heart that suggested it.
But in practice it proved to be only another
illustration of the folly of warming into life a
poisonous snake, under the delusion that with
returning strength its disposition to inflict in-
jury and death would cease. It is hardly neces-
sary to add that the experiment was a failure.
The State government approved of the Pres-
ident's plan of arming the returned rebels and
their sympathizers, and aided him in doing it.
The rebels were thus virtually supported by
the confederate, national, and State govern-
ments in their opposition to the Union men.
In this condition of affairs but one alternative
was left them. What they did in this crisis,
or how it was done, are matters not necessary
to be repeated here. Suffice it to say, that the
State and its government are now in the posses-
sion of loyal men, and that every rebel and every
rebel sympathizer within the State is perma-
nently disfranchised by provisions in its con-
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 10.
stitution, and that peace, prosperity, and hap-
piness dwell within her borders.
In dealing with the revolted States, let us
profit by this experience, and let us also give
practical application to the statements so fre-
quently repeated, "that treason is a crime,"
' 'that none but loyal men must govern the coun-
try," and "that rebels must take back seats;"
to do this effectually, we must see that the dis-
loyal are permanently disfranchised. There
should be no understanding that their disabili-
ties might be removed in the future; it is enough
for them that they are permitted to live safely
in a country, in which nearly every household
to-day mourns the loss of some dear relative,
whose death was occasioned by their infamous
crimes. All loyal men in those States must be
enfranchised without regard to color. Those
races who bear arms to defend a Republic must
be allowed to participate in its Government.
A military necessity required us to emanci-
pate the negro and accept his services as a sol-
dier that the Republic might be saved. We
all remember when victory after victory was
crowning the rebel armies on almost every
battle-field and the armies of the Republic were
ingloriously retiring before the advancing ban-
ners of rebellion, that national peril compelled
us to proclaim the freedom of the slave and
call him to our aid. Before the ranks of our
armies had been swelled by two hundred thou-
sand of these colored soldiers the tide of vic-
tory was changed, the rebel armies suffered
defeat after defeat in rapid succession until
they were finally dispersed and the war ended.
The services of our soldiers are no longer re-
quired to defend the country; it now becomes
a political necessity to preserve the fruits of
our victories and to secure a permanent peace
that we confide the ballot to the hands of all
our loyal citizens before we take from them as
soldiers the implements of war.
The bullet is the freeman's ohly safety in
this country when he is deprived of the ballot.
The ballot and peace or the bullet and war are
the alternatives between which the Republic
must choose.
In conclusion permit me to say that in all our
action relating to the restoration of the Union
of these States we should carefully avoid all
compromises with wrong, oppression, and in-
justice. We should resolve to stand firmly by
the right, and when the Union is reorganized
let it be on the basis of universal freedom and
universal suffrage for all loval men.
Apportionment of Representation.
SPEECH OF HON. W. SAULSBURY,
of delaware,
In the Senate of the United States,
March 6, 18GG.
The Senate having tinder consideration the joint
resolution (H.R. No. 51) proposing to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States-
Mr. SAULSBURY said:
Mr. President: As I understand that there
are one or two other Senators who intend to
speak on this subject, if it is agreeable to them
to address the Senate to-day, 1 will with pleas-
ure yield the floor. If no one elseis prepared
to go on I will proceed to make some remarks
upon this resolution. And yet, I confess, Mr.
President, that never since I have been a mem-
ber of this body have I felt so little disposition
to participate in its debates. Coming into
public life at a time when the mind of the
country was excited upon great sectional is-
sues, when the spirit of party was at its height,
I felt it my duty then by such feeble utterance
as I could make and by my votes in this body
to do all I could to allay sectional animosities
and the spirit of party, and to prevent so far
as I could in my feeble way the opening of that
bloody scene which we have so recently and
jpr four long years witnessed. Foreseeing,
then, that unless reason could resume its throne
and passion and madness cease their hold upon
the public mind, war must be the result, and
believing, then, as experience has proved, that
war was disunion, I felt it a duty which 1 owed
to myself, to my State, and to my country, to
do all that I could to avert the calamities of
war. But, sir, war came, and with it conse-
quences which perhaps those who advocated it
did not anticipate. In witnessing the results
of that war I am reminded of some utterances
by a very distinguished writer upon constitu-
tional law. Says Mr. Rawle:
"Natural life and political existence alike give way
at the appointed measure of time, and the birth, de-
cay, and extinction of empires only serve to prove
tho tenuity and illusion of the deepest schemes of the
statesman and most elaborate theories of the philos-
opher."
Sir, the examples of all ancient republics
awaken a doubt in the mind of the philosoph-
ical and thoughtful student whether it is possi-
ble for a purely republican form of government
permanently to endure. Nor does modern his-
tory afford much encouragement for hope; for
of all the republics which have existed in
Europe in modern times, one, and only one,
remains; and every republic founded upon this
continent to-day is but a republic in name, and
the great Republic of the United States of
America is no exception to this general re-
mark. For what is the proposition now before
this body? Does it not show that the Republic
founded by our fathers does not this day exist?
Where are eleven of the States that composed
in part the Federal Union ? Where are twenty-
two Senators who have a right to a voice in
this body to-day? Excluded from participa-
tion in the deliberations of this body and in
the councils of the nation, and excluded for a
purpose—a purpose to pass in their absence,
although their people and the States which they
are entitled to represent are to be seriously
affected by this proposed legislation, this meas-
ure in this body by less than the constitu-
tional vote.
Sir, I come not here to reflect unjustly upon
any member of this body or upon any party
in this body, but truth demands the utterance
that for the accomplishment of mere party
purposes, regardless of the great interests of
the whole American people, a committee of
fifteen has been appointed by this Congress
who in fact control the legislation of this
Chamber and of the House of Representa-
tives, and all they have to do is to meet in
secret with closed doors, (the public eye not
watching their deliberations or consultations,)
and walk into this Chamber and into the other
House and present a recommendation; and so
far, all their recommendations have prevailed,
however contrary to the spirit of the Constitu-
tion and destructive of the rights and liberties
of the people.
Now, sir, if there be any other object for the
presentation of such a proposition as that now
before the Senate than that which I have named
—the accomplishment of a party purpose—I
should like some one to tell me what that ob-
ject is. Why, sir, it was distinctly avowed in
the House of Representatives that the object
of this resolution was to deny to the southern
States that voice in the legislation of the coun-
try to which they are entitled by the Constitu-
tion as it now exists.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho Chair
will suggest to the Senator that it is not in
order in this body to allude to the proceedings
of the other House.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not wish to vio-
late the rules of the Senate. I have been one
of those unfortunate members of the body who
generally have not understood the rules very
well, and pay very little attention to mere paper
rules so long as I govern myself according to
those high principles of honor which should
characterize intercourse among gentlemen.
Then, sir, I say it was distinctly avowed by
leading Republicans, but I do not say where,
