662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 31,
but raw materials, and was only too liappj, as
'I have sliovYn, to send with these her peasantry
either for war or civic jjurposes; but. under the
influence of protection the value of man has
risen in Germany, and that of German prod-
ucts fallen in the markets of the world, till her
cloths and the multifarious products of her di-
versified industry compete with those of Eng-
land and France in the markets of the United
•States and other nations whose people devote
themselves exclusively to the production of raw
materials. Even Hussia, with her. thirty mil-
lion s of recently freed serfs, who enter upon
.'the duties of freemen without disturbance, be-
cause the wi-,e emperor whf> enfranchised them
had jjocured employment and wages for each by
protecting the industry of all, is now entering
into the general markets of the world in com-
petition with France, Germany, Belgium, and
Rug-land. Cut we cuter no foreign market with
productions which attest our wealth, skill, ge-
nius. or enterprh.e; and the prices of what we
do export—grain, coarse provisions, and whisky
—depend on such contingencies as drought,
excessive rain, the potato rot, or other wide-
spread calamity for a transatlantic market.
When good crops prevail in Europe there is no
marKet there for us. Consistent with the ex-
perience of other nations has been our own.
Under the tariffs of l&M and ]0'J8 the pi ices of
all those coimaodit icjiu the pioduclion of which
our people engaged to any extent, fell rapidly.
When the tariff of went into effect our
country was flooded with British hardware of
every variety, front a tonpenny nail to a circu-
lar sow. nnd from table cutlery to butt hinges,
thumb lafchoi, X'c. liut when 18-17 came
round, Coin' yeais of adequate protection had
so stimulated the si,ill and ingenuity of Amer-
ican-;, ami had brought, from Great. Britain so
many skilled workmen, that our own market,
at iea.st. vrris ours for en infinite variety of iron-
ware, and wo have held it. in many departments
of the business from thai day to this, no nation
having been able, to undersell us in our own
streets. If, sir, we arc now paying too high for
iron and steel-ware, wo are but suffering the
penalty of our folly. Had wo continued the
protection afforded by the tariff of 1K12, or mod-
ified it from time to lime as luanehes of busi-
ness and the condition of the mnikct required,
by transferring the duties that had defended
and advanced a branch of industry to articles
needing greater protection, we would now be
producing an adequate supply of cheap iron for
our own use, and competing with France and
England in the markets of Mexico and Central
and South America. We are thus, 1 say, pay-
ing the penalty of our own folly in having (le-
st rojed our industiy and rendered the invest-
ment of capita! in manu fact tiring enterprises
insecure. Let but the capitalists of the country
know that Congress will so revise the duties on
railroad iron asm give it adequate protect ion o\ or
the taxation its production encounters under t lit'
'law for raising internal revenue, and competi-
tion wiii spring up a!! o\ or the country and make
from the growth of oar own land* cheaper and
better iron or steel rails than we can import.
Tlow can it be otherwise? l)o not the peo-
ple of Michigan and Wisconsin wish to de\ elop
their resources and make them available? Are
the people of Missouri insensible to the ad-
vantages which would flow from deriving in-
come from the conversion of their mountains
of ore into rails, mactiinery, and hardware?
Will not the people of Tennessee allow the de-
scendants of the coioied iuon who worked his
funmc s and gave Cave Johnson his majority
in his first, contest for Congress. and others like
them, to enrich that, devastated State by work-
ing her mines and bringing her furies and fur-
naces again into profitable use ? And why may
not the whir of the rolling-mill he h card thi ough-
out iveutucky,Tennessee, Virginia. Georgia. and
other southern Stales which arc heavily under-
laid with hon'.^ There will be quick demand
for (h" yield ot all if we determine to develop
the weal ill of oar whole emmhy, and interlace
its parts, as we should, with railroads. By ex-
cluding from our markets one third of the an-
nual export of railroad and bar iron fromEngr i
land we will bring hither the men who make '
it. Why should we, with the capacity estab-
lished in five years—for when, the war began
andfurnishedits incidental protection, the man-
ufacture of steel was unknown in our country
—why should we, who in five years have cre-
ated facilities for manufacturing about fifty
thousand tons of steel per annum, buy from
England one half of her entire export of un-
wrought steel ? Rather let us enfeeble her and
strengthen our country by bringing hither the
men who make it. The iron of the States I
have namecj, and I may say of almost every
State of the Union, would give us steel as pure
and tenacious as England can make. The es-
tablishment of this branch of trade would lead
to immense internal commerce, and reward our
railroads with business that would flow both
ways in all seasons of the year. The ores of
the Marquette region will be in request in every
iron-producing State as those of Sweden, Nor-
way, Russia, and 2s ova Scotia are in Trance
and England.
WHY AN EXPORT DUTY SHOULD BE LAID ON
COTTON.
Mr. Chairman, permit me, in drawing to a
conclusion, to repeat that we need not resort to
the prohibitions which have been practiced by
other countries. Our natural advantages and
those which spring from our personal fieedom,
are sufficient to relieve us from all ditiiculty on
this point. There is, however, one of our ag-
ricultural productions upon which, did the Con-
stitution permit, I would lay an export duty;
and that is cotton. And i hope the Constitution
will be so amended as to permit il ; for though
for years—for the life of more than a genera-
tion—the country was ruled in the interest of
slavery, to the destruction of ihe interests and
rights of our free laborers, by the pretended
apprehension that if American cotton were not
cheapened rival fields would be developed,
the delusion has been dispelled, and all men
know that ours are the only available cotton
fields of the world. For five years we main-
•tained along the coast of the cotton States a
blockade such as never was attempted before.
The people of those States planted no cotton
and burned much of what they had produced,
and did all that madness or ingenuity could sug-
gest 1o develop rival iields if any existed ; and
what is the result? Necessity constrained the
temporary use of Indian, cotton, and Calcutta
became so rich that her ri/nt,s put silver tires
around their earl wheels. But when the power
of our armies had reopened the cotton fields of
the South, when il became known that freed-
men were working upon the Sea Islands, and
apparent that our (> overnment was again to
possess the cot ion region of the South, there
came a fearful revulsion in India, and all men
acknowledged thai (iod hud ei\cn the United
States annonopolv of the available cotton fields
of the earth. l:pon that one production we
should put an export duty, andthe remit "would
be that the men of the cotton Siates.no longer
dependent on Kngland for a market lor their
bulky raw material, would, wiih their cheaper
fabrics, drive her cotton goods from the markets
of the world. Though L would not, by legisla-
tion, prohibit the export of the elements of any
branch of manufacture or machinery, I will en-
deavor to retain in the country many of the
elements of manufactiues that now go abroad,
by making them moie valuable in this country
than in any other, and Ivy impressing upon the
American people the conviction, so long ago
inculcated upon the people of Ireland by Dean
Swift, that to enrich themselves they must
'' O.'rry cut tb-lr on-> qou, h m much uinnvfofturc'l
and hi inu in tho.te of othrri «v Manufactured us
the na'iue, of mutual commerce will allow."
To gratify our patriotic desires wc need not
| resort to pvohibitorv duties. We can aational-
I ize our policy by relieving from duty tea. coffee.
| and any raw material which we do not produce,
| but which enters into our manufactures or arts,
j I would give the wool-growers protection, but
i would stimulate the manufacture of carpets and
! increase the demand for American wool by ad-
mitting free of duty those low grades which we do
not produce; and wouldlay light duties on those
articles in the manufacture of which machinery
has been perfected and large capitals have been
accumulated, especially where the original cost
of the machinery lias been returned in profits;
and would make them heavier and heaviest
upon those branches of industry which are most
feeble but give assurance of ultimate success.
When we do this our country will cease to be
a mere agglomeration of sections, and we will
be a national people, homogeneous in our inter-
ests by reason of their immense diversity.
Such, sir, is my plan for enforcing the Mon-
roe doctrine, acquiring Canada, paying the
national debt, and by'relieving the South of
its embarrassment, recementing the shattered
Union. The poor whites must be weaned from
the rifle, net, and line, by the inducements
of well-rewarded labor. Their idle wives and
children may thus be brought to habits of
order, method, and industry, and in a few
j ears wc shall cease to remember that in this
nineteenth century, and under our republican
Government, there were for several decades
millions of people tending rapidly to barbarism.
The same inducements will disclose* even to
the eye of prejudice, the manhood of the freed-
man, and that kindly relation between the em-
ployer and his employe which exists through-
out the busy North and East will spring up in
the South. Oppressed and degraded as he has
been, the colored man will find that there are
fields open to his enterprise, and a useful and
honorable career possible to him, and will provp
that., like other men, he loves property and has
the energy to acquire it, the abilit}*to retain it,
and the thrift to make it advantageous to him-
self, his neighbors, and his country.
Let. us then measure our resources by ex-
periment and open them to the enterprise of the
world; and the question whether we owe three
hundred or three thousand millions will, ten
years hence, be one of trilling impoitanec;
and, as Andrew Yarrinton showed the people
of England how to '' outdo the Dutch without
fighting,5' we will find peace hath her victories
for us also; Canada will come to us like ripe fruit
falling into the hands of the farmer:'and if
Maximilian remain in Mexico, it will be as the
ciil/en of a republic and an adherent of the
Monroe doeirino.
UKCO^STliTJOTlOW
Mr. PA fNE. Mr. Chairman, in the discussion
of the effect of the rebellion upon the relations
of the late rebel States to the Federal Consti-
tution it becomes necessary, at the outset, to
assure ourselves that we use the word State in
the right sense, for even in its application to
political societies and governmental organiza-
tions it. has essentially different significations.
Its meaning is sometimes purely geographical.
Sometimes it is used to designate (he Govern-
ment itself. J y this word we sometimes mean
the people constituting apolitical society, within
certain geographical limits, in their highest sov-
ereign capacity. They are then invested with
I all the attributes of sovercigntj* as such polit-
ical society, and therefore constitute an abso-
lutely sovereign State. a nation. England is such
a State to-day. The people of England hold all
sovereign powers in their highest form as peo-
ple of England. They are not invested with
one portion of them as people of England, and
with another portion by virtue of some other
political connection or condition. And Eng-
land is an absolute sovereignty. Her govern-
ment. whatever suecobsue forms it takes, rep-
resents all possible sovereign power. Whether
as a despotism, or a Commonwealth, or a con-
stitutional monarchy, she is always the sover-
eign State of England. In another sense, quite
distinct frolti all of these, this word designates
a political society, within certain geographical
limits, organized undei a particular govern-
ment. Such is its signification when applied
to one of the States of the American L mon.
The State of New York is a political society, ex-
isting within defined boundaiies, under the par-
ticular governmental organization which eonsti-
