1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 24,
to the Federal Government and the rights of the
Union people and ot'the Ircedincn?
*' Answer. I have studied the condition of affairs
in Tennessee pretty carefully, and have had practi-
cal demonstration of the condition of affairs there;
having, in addition to the information I have de-
rived from peioonal• observation, su.eh information
as I have received from other sources. The Union
sentiment in Tennessee, of course, has been sufficient
to place the State m its present tavorable condition
toward the Government, and, if protected and en-
couraged by the presence of a small Union force, it
will gain the complete ascendency in the State in the
course of a year or two. I do not think it would be
safe at this time to remove the national troops from
Tennessee, or to withdraw martial law, or to restore
the writ of habeas corpus to its full extent.
"By Mr. Gridkk:
"Question. You say you believe that there is a
gradual improvement going on in Tennessee as to
loyalty?
" ^1/16 Yes, sir.
"Question. Willyougtve your opinion as to whether
the admission into Congress of the ^Representatives
from Tennessee would tend to encouiage the loyal
people of Tennessee, and strengthen the feeling of
loyalty in that State?
"Answer, I thmk it would be very much. It
would not only encourage the loyal people to exort
themselves, hut it would encourage the rebels to
return to their loyalty, because they would see that
their chances and hopes for another outbreak were
passing away from them. If you will permit me to
give additional reasons why I think the delegation
from Tennessee should be admitted I will do so.
" Question. Certainly; state any reasons you may
desire lo stale.
"Awatw. I think the delegation from the State of
Tennessee should be admitted into Congress for the
reason that that State, of her own accord, has com-
plied with every instruction of the President, and
has done all that it was believed it would be neces-
sary foi her to do in older to gain admission into
Comrre^. All th:it they have done of their own ac-
cord m Tennessee. They have repudiated the rebel
debt; they have abolished slavery, and also adopted
the constitutional amendment upon that subject;
they have passed a franchise law prohibiting Irom
voting every man who has been engaged intherebel-
lion ; and I bclicv e they have now passed a bill giv-
ing the negro the right lo testify m the courts ; and
all the members elected to Cougross can take the
test oath, both Senators and Representatives; and
if their Representatives shall be admitted into Con-
gress it will be a precedent lor all the southern States:
they can see at once the reasons why the Tennessee
members are admitted, and that if they expect their
members to bo admitted they must do as she has
done."
All the witnesses examined by the committee
express substantially the same views. I will
claim the indulgence of the House for reading
one more extract, from the testimony of Brevet
Major General Clinton B. L'islc, assistant com-
missioner of |he Bureau of Frecdmen, Refu-
gees, and Abandoned Lands for the States of
Kentucky and Tennessee:
"Question. As tho Legislature of Tennessee has
adopted the principal measures if not allot the meas-
ures. recommended by the President of the United
States, and they have elected luembeis of Congress,
will you stiiio whet her or not you believe their admis-
sion into SiMtb in Congiess would tend to encouiage
jind inrreiHe the spirit of loyalty in Tennessee, and
of attachment to the General Government?
"Answer. My own opinion about that is this: the
State of Tennessee occupies altogether a different
position from that of any Slate below. In the first
place, Tennessee abolished slavery by her own ac-
tions; she elected a Governor by the people; she repu-
diated the robel debt; she ratilied tho constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, and did all that with-
out executive indication or inauguration. Tennes-
see furnished thousands for the defense of the Union.
All this is to her advantage: and were I a member of
the Senate or House of Representatives of Congress,
I would vote mo^t cheerfully to admit the delegation
from Tennessee, believing that in so doing t would be
taking a step that would increase the loyal sentiment
of the State, and which would promote the tranquillity
and prosperity of the State. I speak now of Tennessee,
"iiy Mr. Grimes^
"Quostion. Youdiscriminate between Tennessee and
the more southern States?
"Answer. I do."
Mr. Speaker, there is the whole case in a nut-
shell j and it is perfectly clear to my mind that
every consideration of policy and justice and
the good of the whole country require that Con-
gress, without unnecessary delay, should recog-
nize the loyal government of Tennessee by ad-
mitting her Senators and Representatives into
Congress, and that that government should be
sustained by all the influence and* power of the
national Government.
Believing, as I do, that the ease of Tennessee
ought to be decided upon its own merits, with-
out reference to any conditions which might
be thought necessary to prescribe for any other
of the States lately in rebellion, I have drawn
up a resolution which, I think, meets the case,
and contains all that is necessary, and which I
propose to offer as a substitute for the commit-
tee's resolution if T have an opportunity. It
recites the facts stated in the resolution of the
committee, and is in strict accordance with the
concurrent resolution of the two branches of
Congress, which reads as follows;
4 'licso Ived by the Ho u se of Represented ives, (th e Sen ate
concurring,) That m order to close agitation upon a
question which seems likely to di;>tuib the action of
the Government, as well as to quiet tho uncertainty
which is agitating the people of tho eleven States
which have been declared to be in insurrection, no
Senator or Representative shall be admitted into
either branch of'Congress from any of the said States
until Congress shall have declared such States enti-
tled to representation."
Now, sir, according to this resolution, all
that is necessary, is for Congress to declare
that the State of Tennessee is entitled to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United
States. My resolution goes further and recites
the facts upon whicl^that declaration is founded,
and declares that the people of Tennessee are
found to be in a condition to exercise the func-
tions of a State within this Union. I ask that
the resolution may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate and Howie of Representatives
of the United States nf Ameriea m Camjre&s assembled.
That whereas the people ot Tennessee did 011 tho 2id
day ol fVbruitry, I8O0, by a, large popular vote adopt
and ratiiy a constitution of government, republican
inform, and not inconsistent with the.( Constitution
and laws of the United States, and a State govern-
ment has been organized under the provision* thei eof;
and which said provisions and laws passed in pur-
suance thereof exclude those who have been engaged
in rebellion against the United States trom the exer-
cise of the elective franchise for the respective periods
of time therein provided for, and forever prohibit the
State of Tennessee from assuming or paying any debt
or obligation contracted or incurred m aid of tiie
lato rebellion, which said constitutional provisions,
and laws passed in pursuance thereof, proclaim and
denote loyalty to the Union; and whereas the people
of Tennessee have made known to the Congiess of
the United States tlieirdesire that the constitutional
relations heretofore existing between them and the
United States may be tally established, and said
people aic found to bo in a condition to exercise tlie
functions of a State within this Union : Therefore,
The State of Tennessee is hereby declared entitled
to representation in the Congressof the United States
in accordance with the Constitution and laws thereof.
Mr. BUCKLAN1). Mr. Speaker, this is a
joint resolution, and if passed by Congress will
require the approval of the President, and is
(bunded upon the principle that it requires the
action of the legislative power of tlic Govern-
ment to admit representation into tlie Congress
of the United States from States which have
been in rebellion against the national Govern-
ment. Is not this enough, at least ns regards
Tennessee? It seems to me that every one
really desirous of recognizing the present loyal
government of Tennessee by admitting her Sen-
ators and Representatives into Congress, ought
to bo satisfied with this resolution or something
like it. Those who desire to keep Tennessee
out indelinitcly may consistently vote for the
committee's resolutions in their present shape,
for whatever the intention of their authors may
have been, the practical effect of the passage
of these resolutions must be to keep the Ten-
nessee representatives out of Congress during
the present session. If the President should
approve them, they cannot go into effect until
the Legislature of Tennessee complies with the
required conditions, and there is 110 telling how
much time that will require, as there cannot be
a quorum of the Legislature until some time
in April.
We have already declared that Senators and
Representatives shall not be admitted into
either branch from any of the States lately in
rebellion until Congress shall have declared
such State entitled to representation. I am
willing to go still further, and say that the right
of representation must be restored to these
States by force of law, by act of Congress ap-
proved by the President; but in passing such
an act I am not willing to raise any unneces-
sary issues, or present to the President for his
approval any gentleman's theories as to whether
these States are in or out of the Union, or
whether they are States or Territories, or
whether the present government of Tennessee,
and the acts performed by it, are void for the
want of the assent of Congress. There is no
necessity for presenting these issues in the case
of Tennessee. Nothing can be gained by it,
but much may be lost. If we believe what the
committee say, that "the ptjople of Tennessee
are found to be in a condition to exercise the
functions of a State within this Union," and
have organized a government republican in
form and not inconsistent with the Constitution
of the United States, which proclaims and de-
notes loyalty to the Union, and we have faith in
the loyal people of Tennessee that they will
prove true to the Union as they have done
heretofore, then let us pass an act or resolution
in plain terms, stripped of all unnecessary and
useless issues and theories, and of all unneces-
sary and humiliating conditions, declaring the
facts, and that the State is entitled to represen-
tation 111 the Congress of the United States.
If the President refuses his approval of such a
measure the responsibility of keeping Tennes-
see out will be fairly upon him, and for one I
am willing to go before tho country upon the
issue. But, sir, I am not willing to vote for a
resolution declaring that the State of Tennes-
see is a Territory; that the State is out of the
Union, or that the present State government,
and all acts done by its authority, are null and
void, and 1 do not believe that Congress will
be sustained or justified in unnecessarily pre-
senting these issues.
There is much less difficulty in agreeing upon
practical measures than upon particular the-
ories, and therefore, if harmony among the true
friends of the Union is desirable, it can be best
promoted by avoiding, in every measure, all
unnecessary issues, all useless theories, and, in
short, everything not necessary for that partic-
ular measure, leaving every measure to stand or
fall upon its own merits. The country wants
less theorising and more practical legislation.
Let us try Tennessee first. If she prove faith-
less, then we may well doubt all the other
Stales. If we cannot trust such true Union
soldiers as Colonels Stokes and Hawkins, and
suchmenas Maynardaud Brownlow andothers,
who are known to have been true from the be-
ginning to the end of the war, then we may as
well say at once that we will not trust any citi-
zen of these States, 110 matter how faithful he
has been to the national cause, no matter how
faithfully and well he has served in the Union
Army.
Mr. Speaker, great pains have been taken to
convince the loyal public that the people of the
South are not acting in good faith toward the
Government of the United States, and that they
are even now preparing to take advantage of
the first favorable opportunity to renew the war.
That there arc some men 111 all of those States
who entertain such sentiments and purposes, I
have no doubt. It would be wonderful, indeed,
if there were not. It would form an exception
in the history of civil wars and in tlje history
of human nature itself. No doubt there are
men there, as there are elsewhere, whose im-
portance or prominence in public life depends
upon keeping up civil commotion or sectional
strife, and who will make use of every op-
portunity and pretext for prejudicing and in-
flaming the public mind; but they are compar-
atively few in number. I fully believe, sir, that
the great mass of the southern people are sub-
mitting to the Government ip good faith, and
desiie to live in peace as American citizens, and
to have lestored to them tho rights and privi-
leges of American citizens ; and I do not be-
lieve they can be deceived or driven into another
rebellion except by such acts of oppression as
w-ould drive any people to desperation. Take,
sir, a candid survey of the whole southern peo-
ple and the circumstances which have brought
them to theirpresent deplorable condition ; the
passions inflamed by the war ; the destruction
of property and life; the annihilation of the
very foundations of all their domestic society;
hopes blasted, and the disgrace and chagrin
of utter defeat, and you will not be surprised
at the instances of insubordination and out-
rages, though when grouped together in one
view they appear to be numerous and excite
our indignation. Even at the North the (Je-
