2586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
cities in France. Take Naples, that actually
breeds the material that furnishes victims for
the cholera; and yet the cholera passed by
Naples and landed at Marseilles; it_ passed
Genoa and Rome and all the Italian cities, and
was finally brought from Marseilles across the
Alps into northern Italy. If we keep the chol-
era out of New York and let it land in Phila-
delphia, or if we keep it out of New York and
let it land in Boston, there is no use of keeping
it out of New York. The object of the prop-
osition reported by the committee is—and I
shall vote against any measure that does not
give that power—to make the quarantine uni-
form throughout the United States, or place it
in the power of the Secretaries to make it so.
I hope the amendment of the committee will
be adopted as it stands. If it should be de-
feated, I shall vote against the House resolu-
tion, because I do not deem it of any sort of
consequence whatever.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the
Senator ii' he thinks the system of quarantine
ought to be uniform throughout the United
States. What is a perfect system of quaran-
tine in one State may not be so perfect in an-
other. This very uniformity of which he speaks
would be a great objection to any system of
quarantine.
Sir. CHANDLER. The language here is,
that they shall adopt a '■ uniform and efficient
system of quarantine."
Mr. HENDERSON. Then the inhabitants
of the district are the best judges in regard to
that. What may be a very perfect system at
New York will not be so at New Orleans, and
what may be perfect at New Orleans will not
be so at New York, because these ports are
differently situated.
Mr. CHANDLER. Are yoti not willing to
trust this board with that power?
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 think we can trust
the States a great deal better.
Mr. GRIMES. I have got a little light from
what the Senator from Michigan has now said,
in addition to what ho has bestowed on the
Senate on former occasions on this subject,
and I should like to have a little more. 1
understand him to say it would be useless to
establish quarantine at New York and not to
establish it at Norfolk or Boston.
Mr. CHANDLER. If they have no quar-
antine there.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to know of the Sen-
ator if it is proposed or contemplated by the
Committee on Commerce, who reported this
amendment, or by himself as its chairman, that
this quarantine shall be established simultane-
ously at New York, New Orleans, Boston, and
all alon^ the coast
Mr. CHANDLER. Docs the Senator desire
an answer now?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes. sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. We do not expect that
there will be any interference. We believe that
these three gentlemen are men ofcommon sense,
and where they find an efficient system they will
not interfere with it. W here there is no quar-
antine, and a ship comes in infected with the
cholera, and wo have a national ship or a rev-
enue-cutter there, we cxpect this board will,
at the very earliest moment, take measures to
quarantine that ship, whether it be at Norfolk,
New Orleans, or anywhere else.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand, then, that the
Senator from Michigan does not contemplate,
although this proposition would authorize them
to do so, that ihis board will interfere with the
quarantine regulations now established at the
harbor of New York.
Mr. CHANDLER,. Not at all.
Mr. GRIMES. But that inasmuch as he tells
us there is no quarantine established at Boston,
this board will at once close up the harbor of
Boston, appoint its various officers, pay them
such salaries as are probably paid to quarantine
officers now at New York, although there may
be no cholera there or any anticipation of the
cholera coming. I merely wish to learn from
the Senator from Michigan whether I appre-
hend him correctly.
Mr. CHANDLER. Do you wish an answer
now?
Mr. GRIMES. Anytime that will suit the
convenience of the Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to give all the
light I can to the Senator from Iowa. In case
a ship should come into Boston with the chol-
era on board, and one of his fleet or one of
mine should happen to be there, I suppose
either the Secretary of the Treasury or the Sec-
retary of the Navy would order that ship to
hold the vessel at quarantine instead of per-
mitting her to land- at the dock. As for dis-
missing any officers or appointing a board of
health with salaries, and all that sort of thing,
I do not expect them to do it; but I expect
that they will enforce a quarantine, even should
the citizens of Boston fail to enforce one.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from what the
Senator now says that so far as the city of Bos-
ton is concerned, taking that as an illustration,
it is merely accidental whether anything will
be done there or not. If a vessel having the
cholera on board comes in there, and there
happens to be a revenue-cutter or a ship-of-
war there, she will take charge of it; but sup-
pose there should not happen to be a naval
vessel or a revenue-cutter there; then what?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not gone through
all the details of what might occur. I suppose
I could imagine eight or ten thousand cases
that might occur, but which may never arise,
that I am not prepared now, at a moment's
notice, to decide; but I infer that the three
gentlemen named, or even the Senator from
Iowa and myself and some other gentleman,
were we put in charge of this matter, would
adopt what seemed to be the best and most
efficient system that we could, under the cir-
cumstances of the ease that might arise.
Mr. GRIMES. I think enough has been
said to satisfy the Senate that this measure
proceeds upon this idea, and this idea alone,
that the commission to be created by this res-
olution shall immediately proceed to organize,
in anticipation of the advent of the cholera;
that there shall be quarantine officers estab-
lished at Boston, at Philadelphia, at Baltimore,
and at Norfolk, whether there is any cholera
there or not; and it must be so if you are going
to have a uniform system ; and i understand
that that is the spirit of the resolution. The
Senate can see what a vast machine this is going
to be, if we are to establish a uniform system
for every harbor on the coast of the Atlantic,
every harbor on the Gulf of Mexico, and every
harbor on the coast of the Pacific, all to be
controlled by a central power here at Wash-
ington that cannot by any possibility be cor-
rectly informed as to the particular local cir-
cumstances attending each of those points
where the quarantine is to be established.
Again, the Senator says that they do not
intend to interfere with any quarantine already
established.
Mr. CHANDLER. Which is efficient.
Mr. GRIMES. Which is efficient. Suppose
this board should decide that the quarantine
established at New York is not efficient; then,
I suppose, they are to overturn it. Is not that
the idea of the Senator?
Mr. CHANDLER. They have tiie power
under this proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. And it is the intention that
it shall be overturned, I take it.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Not if it is not efficient?
Mr. CHANDLER. But it is efficient.
Mr. GRIMES. But suppose the Secreta-
ries of War, of the Treasury, and of the Navy,
here at Washington, influenced by such influ-
ences as may be brought to bear from New
York upon them, are satisfied that it is not
quite as efficient as they think it ought to be,
as another set of doctors not in command there
think it ought to be; then it is the duty of these
departmental officers to overturn that system,
as I understand it. I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] who advocates
this measure, to assent to that proposition.
Now, it will at once be observed that if they
do not overturn it you are not going to carry
out the provisions of the law which requires it
to be uniform, unless they adopt the New York
system. Thus you make the system that has
been established at New York the system that
shall be established at San Francisco and New
Orleans, in a different sort of climate and under
different circumstances, and that carry on a
different sort of commerce with altogether dif-
ferent ports in the world. Under the provisions
of the amendment reported by the Committee
on Commerce, you have either got to overturn
the system they have in New York, or else
you have got to establish the New York system
as a sort of Procrustean bed upon which all
the other establishments in the United States,
on both sides of the continent, shall be built
up; for the law expressly requires that the
whole system shall be uniform throughout the
United States, on your northern coast in Min-
nesota, and on your southern coast in Texas.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Treasury has agents
in every exposed port to-day; the Navy has a
great many agents; the Secretary of War a
great many agents. The Senator, of course,
can imagine anything. There are great powers
contained in this measure, I admit, but it is not
anticipated that those powers will_ be abused.
I do not anticipate it, and I do not think the
Senator from Iowa does. It is true under the
powers contained in this proposition abuses
might grow up. It is a temporary measure,
which is to terminate on the second Monday
in December next. It is expected that the
present existing agencies of the several De-
partments will be instructed to adopt certain
.measures, and if it be necessary to appoint
other agencies they will be appointed. How-
ever, I do not deem it necessary to answer the
Senator from Iowa. I simply ask for a vote
on this proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question the moment the debate is
terminated. The question is on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Commerce
as a substitute for the original resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Conness, _ Cragin, Ed-
munds. Howard, Howe, Morgan, Nesmith, Nye, Po-
land, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Wade,
Wilson, and Yoteo—17.
NAYS — Messrs. Bnckalew. Olnrk. Davis. Dixon,
Fessenden, Foster. Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Kirkwood, McDougall, Morrill, Nor-
ton. "R-'dd ic>, v?prague, Van Winkle, and Willey—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan. Cres-
weil, DooJittle, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, Williams,
and Wright—IS.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to lay the
joint resolution upon the table, and ask for
the yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 1-3, nays 23 j as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler. Conness Edmunds,
Howard. Howe, McDougall No^mith, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sumner, Wade, Williams, and
Yates—15.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Fcssenden, Foster. Grimes, Guthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Morgan, Morrill,
Noitun, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van
Winkle, Willey. and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cragin, Cres-
weli, Doolittle, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kdn&as, Saul&bury, Trumbull, and Wright—11.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the joint res-
olution as it came from the House, be now
reported to the Senate.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Iie*oh<rf, lh.it ihc President be, and he hereby is,
authorized to make and cairy into effect such ordeis
and regulations of quarantine :i< in his opinion may
be deemed necessary and proper, in aid of State or
municipal authorities,to guard agnin^tthc introduc-
tion of the cholera into the ports of the United States ;
and the President is further authorized to empower
the military and naval commanders in ports and
place- in the States that have been or are in insurrec-
tion to enforce such quarantine regulations as may
be deemed necessary for the purpose of guarding
against the introduction of cholera or yellow fever,
and to provide for tht; proper care and treatment of
patients. .Andsuch an amount of money as may be
necessary to carry into effect this joint resolution is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
