1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2587
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be noticed that
thisjointresolution places extraordinary power,
not in the hands of a board, but of one indi-
vidual. It will be seen by the first line of it
that the President is " authorized to make and
carry into effect such orders and regulations of
quarantine as in his opinion may be deemed
necessary and proper, in aid of State or muni-
cipal authorities," and the last clause of it
provides:
And such an amount of money as may bo neces-
sary to carry into effect this joint resolution is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
By this resolution you authorize Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, to
appoint ton thousand agents to go anywhere
and do anything that lie may say is in aid of
State sanitary regulations. I will not discuss
so monstrous a proposition. I will not vote
for it. It is an improper resolution. I was will-
ing to intrust great powers in the hands of three
men, in some of whom certainly I have great
confidence, but I am not willing to intrust all
powers in the bands of one man in whom 1 hare
no confidence without limitation as to the num-
ber of men who may be employed, or the amount
of money that may be appropriated.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a monstrous proposi-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, it is a mon-
strous proposition.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, in the
person of whom the Senator from Michigan
speaks 1 have great confidence, but notwith-
standing th^t, in my judgment, this resolution
is an unwise resolution. It is giving a power
into the hands of the Federal Executive which,
used with great wisdom, might be used well;
bntapower with which he need not be intrusted,
and his being intrusted therewith will be, in
my judgment, of no value for our safety against
the contagions that some people think threaten
us. I am of the opinion that cholera is the child
of fear, and not the offspring of contagion. I
am of the opinion that all this business can be
best conducted in the localities where it is best
understood. Suppose a contagious disease
should come across the Pacific and approach
our western shores, what would the President
of the United States or his council know of it?
Nothing. If it should come in many sections
of the southern coast, what would they know
of it? I say again, nothing.
The philosophy of this disease is not yet
altogether understood among tlie most wise,
the savans of the world. Men have their own
speculations upon il. I have mine. I min-
gled with it in its first advent into the United
States. I saw it face to face, and I saw it with-
out fear, and therefore I did not got it. This
thing of legislating against pestilences is mere
child's play, shooting child's arrows at the
moon. In localities it is well that they, taking
care of their particular localities, guard them-
selves; but for the Federal Government to
undertake such administration is a piece of
absolute folly. People seem to forget, and
Senators seem to forget, that we are a nation
embracing avast continent; that in the details
of physical economy the man who lives in Bos-
ton knows nothing of the condition of the men
who live at St. Louis and New Orleans, and
much less of those who live at San Francisco.
To undertake to establish rules and regulations
here, to be administered at the center of this
Federal Government, with regard to physical
economy, is absolute folly. Science has not
grown so large as to be able to instruct men
how to teach these things at such distances.
It is my opinion that the States themselves who
have the charge of their own domestic police
(for this is but a police regulation, and the
police government belongs to the States and
not to the Federal Government) will be best
able to ascertain what the immediate necessity
demands and act upon it with prudence and
not with this extended power.
If it be proposed by Senators to consolidate
the Government and place it in the hands of
one man, then I remember it has been said
that one man, a wise man, governing a nation
is better than a nation governed by a multi-
tude; but that is not our system of govern-
ment, and it is not the way we were established
formerly. This resolution, as it stands, places a
vast power that maybe handled simultaneously
by the executive officers without limit, without
restraint, and for what purpose God Almighty
will know when the thing has been done. It
is wrong in principle, and against the whole
policy of our Government. The whole prop-
osition is radically wrong.
I only advance these observations because
it is well for us once in a while to recur to the
principles upon which our Government is based.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out all after the word
"to" in the eighth line down to and including
the word "patients" in the fourteenth line,
and to insert the following:
Direct the revenue officers and the officers com-
manding forts and revenue-cutters to aid in theexc-
eution of such quarantine, and also in the execution
of the health laws of the States respectively in such
manner as may to him seem necessary..
Mr. CLARK. Why not insert "Secretary
of the Treasury" instead of " President?"
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection.
I will move also to strike out the word "Pres-
ident" in the third line and insert "Secretary
of the Treasury."
Mr. CLARK. He has charge ofthe revenue-
cutters.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do noTt see why wc
need put the military and the Navy in opera-
tion about this thing. There is no necessity
for it.
Mr. CLARK. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is the proper officer to enforce this resolu-
tion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have adopted the
language of the act of 1700 in drawing this
amendment. I will modify it by striking out
the words "forts and" before the words "rev-
enue-cutters." There is no necessity of requir-
ing commanders of forts to assist in this mat-
ter. The revenue-cutters will be sufficient.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment as modified will be read at the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line three to strike out the word "Pres-
ident" and insert " Secretary of the Treasury,"
and in line eight after the word " to" to strike
out the following words:
Empower the military and naval commanders in
ports and places in the States thathave been or are in
insurrection to enforce such quarantine regulations
as may be deemed necessary for the purposeofguard-
ing against the introduction of cholera or yellow fe-
ver, and to provido for the proper care and treatment
of patients.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Direct the revenue officers and the officers com-
manding revenue-cutters to aid in the execution of
such quarantine, and also in the execution of the
health laws of the States respectively in such man-
ner as may to him seem necessary.
So that the resolution will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and he
hereby is, authorized to malic and carry into elfect
such orders and regulations of quarantine as, in his
opinion, may be deemed necessary and proper, in the
aid of State or municipal authori ties, to guard against
tlie introduction of the cholera into the ports of the
United States: and the Secretary of the Treasury is
further authorized to direct the revenue officers and
the officers commanding revenue-cutters to aid in the
execution of such quarantine, and also in the execu-
tion of the health laws of the States respectively in
such manner as may to him seem necessary. And
such an amount of money as may be necessary to
carry into effect this joint resolution is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following
amendment, to be inserted at the end of the
resolution:
Provided, That the authority hereby granted shall
cxpircon the sccond Monday in December, A.D.1866.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator to
say the first Monday in January, 1867, so that
it shall not expire until a month after Congress
comes together again ; and then, if it be neces-
sary, we can renew it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will so modify the
amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. I shall occupy the attention
of the Senate but a moment. I simply wish
to call their attention to what they are proba-
bly going to agree to. They are going to put
substantially the same power in the hands of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and incurpre-
cisely the same obligations, as were proposed
in the amendment that was reported by the
committee. There is this difference: the plan,
the system, the style of quarantine is to be
agreed upon by the States or the municipali-
ties, and the Government of the United States
is simply to be commanded by these local
authorities and foot the bills. I thought if we
had to pay for the fiddling we ought to have
the right to name the tune and call the figures,
[laughter,] and so I voted for the amendment
reported by the committee. I do not care to
see the United States dancing to the tune of
all these municipalities ; and therefore I shall
not vote for the resolution as it stands. If the
Senate does, no doubt it will be all right.
Mr. CLARK. I think there is a great deal
of difference between the resolution as it now
stands before the Senate and the amendment
as reported by the committee—a very great
difference as to the power. The resolution,
as it now stands, authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury, if in his judgment anything of
that, kind is required, to make such orders and
regulations as he shall deem to be necessary
for the purpose of aiding the quarantine in
various places where it is not efficient; but
the proposition reported from the committee
required the Secretaries named to adopt an
efficient and uniform system of quarantine
from one end of the country to the other.
There is a very great difference, in my judg-
ment, between quarantining every port in the
United States in a uniform way, and aiding
the authorities in the different localities to do
what is absolutely necessary. Suppose a ship
should come into the port of New Orleans.
Under the committee's proposition you would
have to send to the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary
of the Navy to establish a quarantine there.
As the resolution stands at present, the inhab-
itants of the port establish their quarantine,
and if it is not found to be efficient, or there is
any regulation necessary, the Secretary of the
Treasury makes his .regulation, and asks the
revenue officers and the revenue-cutters to
enforce that quarantine. That is a very differ-
ent matter from what was proposed in the
committee's proposition.
Nor do I understand that by this resolution
the General Government is dancing an attend-
ance upon the State governments. I have no
partiality or preference as to which shall go in
the van. I understand the object to be to
prevent the cholera from coming into the Uni-
ted States; and if, in any port, the State gov-
ernments are not efficient, I have no objection
to the national Government coming in to aid
it to be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. It cannot be done under
this resolution.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Michigan
says it cannot be done under this resolution.
I ask him why.
Mr. IIOWE. I will answer the Senator, if
he will permit me.
Mr. CLARK. I shall be glad to have the
Senator answer.
Mr. HOWE. It is simply because if the city
of New York adopt some quarantine regula-
tions there, the General Government has the
right, under your resolution as it now stands,
if you pass it, to come in with her Treasury and
pay the expenses of carrying out those regula-
tions ; and under those regulations a ship may
be prevented, if she has cholera onboard, from
coming to the dock and spreading it; but if
the city of Brooklyn sees nt not to adopt any
such regulations the vessel can go over there
and the United States cannot help herself.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to suggest to the
