1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
moralizing influences of the war have largely
increased crime, notwithstanding the people
are prosperous and are rejoicing at the results
of the war. Therefore, 1 am not disposed to
condemn the whole southern people on account
of the conduct of comparatively few, nor be-
cause they exhibit a natural sympathy for each
other as eompanions^in misfortune. I do not
expect them to denounce each other as traitors
and criminals, but I do believe that the great
majority of the people are satisfied that they
were misled and that they made a great mistake
in taking up arms against the Government of
the United States.
The people of the South ought to understand,
if they do not, that if the war is ever renewed by
them, nothing will satisfy the people of the loyal
States short of complete subjugation, perhaps
extermination. But, sir, I think considerations
of sound policy, of justice, and of humanity dic-
tate that we should avoid all unnecessary causes
of irritation, and seek rather to conciliate than
to increase or keep alive the feelings of hatred
and discontent which the war has left behind.
But, sir, it is the duty of the Government to
provide for its future safety, and insist upon
such measures as will secure to every American
citizen the natural rights of life, liberty, and
property, in all the States. If any citizen of
Ohio chooses to go into South Carolina, or
Mississippi, or any other State, for pleasure, for
business, or for permanent settlement, liis rights
must be respected" and protected. If the State
authorities refuse or are unable to protect them
against unlawful combinations of any kind, then
the people of that State should be declared to
be in a state of insurrection against the national
Government and treated accordingly. The
people of the loyal States will never again sub-
mit to the indignities and outrages which were
perpetrated upon northern people at the South
previous to the war. A repetition of these
wrongs will most assurredly lead to another civil
war more terrible than the one we have just
passed through. The people of the South should
be made to understand this. If the Constitution
of the United States does not now confer upon
the national Government the power to provide
against such outrages upon the rights of Amer-
ican citizens, which I think it does, then I say
it is the duty of Congress and the .President to
insist upon such an amendment as will confer
that power. It is for the interest of all the peo-
ple, North and South, that the national Govern-
ment should have that power, and in my opinion
it is absolutely necessary to prevent another civil
war. I have already said that the Government
was bound to protect the rights of the loyal
white people and the loyal colored people of
the South, for a Government which either can-
not or will not protect those who sustain it,
when in peril, is not worth fighting for.
Now, sir, were I perfectly sure that all these
rights would be respected and protected by the
southern people I would vote to-day for restor-
ing them to their practical relations with the
Government of the United States and to the
control of their State and local affairs, without
asking them for but a single amendment to the
Constitution, and that would be upon the sub-
ject of apportioning representation.
Much has been said, Mr. Speaker, about this
being a white man's Government, and it is
substantially a white man's Government, and
must always remain so. If universal suffrage
were granted to the colored man as well as the
white man, it would nevertheless remain the
white man's Government, for it is impossible
that five million colored people could control
thirty million white people, or have much in-
fluence in the Government; and the proportion
of colored people to the white must rapidly
decrease on account of the large immigration
of white people to this country. According to
the census of 1800 only two States—South Car-
olina and Mississippi—had more colored than
white people ; and if the people of those States
are wise in the future they will soon have a
preponderance of white people. It this is to
continue to be exclusively a white man s Gov-
ernment, then I say that none but white men
should be represented in Congress or have any
influence in the election of President. All white
men should have an equal voice. There is
great injustice in allowing the vote of one white
man iu Mississippi to be equal to two white
men in Ohio in electing the President of the
United States and members of Congress. I
think a white citizen of Ohio is as good as a
white citizen of Mississippi or any other State,
and I shall insist upon his vote having as much
power in the national Government, notwith-
standing my Democratic colleagues, [Messrs.
Finck and Le Blond,] judging from their
votes, still cling to their old party doctrine,
that one southern man is equal to two of their
constituents. But, sir, if they will put that
issue fairly to their constituents I think they
will hardly find them consenting to that doc-
trine.
The provision in the Constitution which gave
the slave Slates representation for three fifths
of their slaves was a concession to the slave
aristocracy against the people of the free States.
It was, in fact, a representation for property,
and had no more foundation in justice than
to give representation for horses and*cattle.
Now that slavery is abolished that provision of
the Constitution ought to fall with it.
My own opinion is, that representation should
be founded solely upon voters. It is the only
principle which will place all voters upon an
equality. It is a mistake to say that a voter
represents anybody but himself. He may or
ma}' not agree in political sentiment with fe-
males or others whom he is supposed to rep-
resent, but he only represents himself iu the
republican sense of representation. I know
several instances where husbands were bitter
copperheads, and their wives were devoted and
active supporters of the Union cause. Did
these husbands represent their wives when they
voted for Vailandigham for Governor of Ohio ?
1 am willing to let the noble and patriotic
wives answer the question for themselves. I
am none the less favorable to this basis of rep-
resentation because I understand it to be fa-
vored by the President; on the contrary, that
is to my mind an additional reason why we
should give it a favorable consideration.
Looking at all sides of this question, Mr.
Speaker, my mind is forced to the conclusion
that the especial friends of negro suffrage over-
estimate the importance of the influence which
it will have for the welfare of the colored peo-
ple themselves, and the influence it will have
on the national Government. I doubt very
much whether it would prove beneficial to
either. But my time will not permit me to
discuss this question further. I wish to say,
however, Mr. Speaker, that I am not wedded
to any particular theory but will support any
practical measures which will accomplish the
objects I have indicated. I am very anxious
that measures shall be devised which will sat-
isfy the people both North and South, so that
they may again meet together in cordial friend-
ship, and on terms of perfect equality and with
mutual respect.
It is perfectly idle to think that a mere frac-
tion of the people of any of these States can
control the State government for any great
length of time, nor do I think they ought to do
it if they could. It is contrary to the funda-
mental principles of republican government. It
may answer for a time as a mere temporary
necessity, but it cannot endure long. I advo-
cate the recognition of the present government
of Tennessee, because I think it due to the loyal
people who formed and control it, and because
I think it will prove beneficial to all the people
of Tennessee, and is demanded by the loyal
sentiment of the country, and for other reasons
which I have stated. But, sir, I hope before
this Congress adjourns measures will be adopt-
ed by Congress and by the people which will
justify a general aumehty to all the people of
the South, excepting always such men as are
responsible for the staiving and murdering of
our soldiers when prisoners of war, and such
men as were guilty of other cruelties to our sol-
diers, in violation of the rules of civilized war-
fare. Such fiends in human form are unfit to
breathe the air of this world.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. HART. Mr. Speaker, the, pestilent
heresy of Calhoun found its culmination in
States discordant and belligerent, which with
force of arms sought to establish a new domin-
ion where slavery might be enthroned forever.
The rapid growth of liberal ideas among the
people, together with the imperious demands
of slavery itself for more than was nominated
in the bond, gave token that the power of sla-
very in the Government was rapidly waning.
The doctrine of State sovereignty was not as-
serted by the men of the South so much to
maintain and defend the dignity of the reserved
rights of the States as to keep open a door by
which, whenever they came to believe their
sacred institution of slavery was in danger, they
might withdraw from the Union into a new
fabric wherein they might keep it safe from,
harm. Their loyalty to the Government solely
consisted in obedience to its laws so long only
as it was their interest to do so. For thirty
years they had the control of the Government
and its policy. Statesmen and people, obeyed
their sovereign commands. Whatcvei' tended
to advance the interests of freedom or develop
and expand the energies of a free people was
the special object of their attack. hile claim-
ing all the honors under the Constitution for
themselves, they denied that it contained any
guarantees for freedom worth respecting. In
the Government, in Congress, in the courts, in
political conventions, within their own borders
they assumed to be above all constitutional con-
trol. They believed themselves a superior race,
and all others boi'n thralls to their imperious
command.
The North suffered long, and was kind.
Steadily and loyally adhering to the revolting
compacts of the Constitution, they enactcd
and enforced fugitive slave laws. When bullied
and threatened, they with kindness and sub-
mission compromised. The press and peo-
ple cried down and hunted with maledictions
the few who here and there found their man-
hood getting the better of their politics. The
mad-dog cry of "abolitionist" was straightway
started upon all who dared t,o question the
right of man to hold his fellow-man as prop-
erty and sell him like an ox in the shambles,
and all parties joined the hue and cry.
But the time at last came when the South,
alarmed at the rapid increase of free States,
saw the power which they had so long controlled
was about to pass from their hands. Some
counteraction must be made. New Territories
were sought, and States were to be organized,
in order that' their representation in the General
Government should balance the new accessions
of strength to the side of freedom. The elec-
tion of President came on, and at last they saw
the North in full panoply of power, ready to try
conclusions with them and question their time-
honored pretensions to absolute control of the
0 overnment. The time had come when slavery
must go down; not by the power of the Gov-
ernment, not by tho act of the people ; but by
the inherent weakness of slavery itself. Slavery
now "clutched but a barren seepter in its
gripe." Then started up again, though "with
twenty mortal murders on its crown," the old
spirit of State sovereignty and the right to secede
from the Union, asserted not because they had
| suffered wrongand were threatened with wrong:
j on the contrary, our good President plainly
i told them:
" 1 have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to inter-
fere with the institution of slavery in the States where
it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do it,
and I have no inclination to do so.'
Mr. Alexander H. Stephens, in his speech
before the convention of Georgia, plainly con-
fessed that the South had no grievances to re-
dress, and asked them:
" What right has the North assailed? What inter-
est of tho South has been invaded? "What justice has
been denied? And what claim founded injustice and
right has been withheld? Can either ot you to-day
nameone governmental act ol' wrong deliberately and
purpofaely done by the Government of "Washington of
which the South has a right to complain ?*'
