1628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
And, again, he says:
"I must declare hero, as T have often done before,
and which has been repeated by thcgreatest and wisest
statesmen and patriots in this and other lands, thatit
is the best and freest Government, the most equal in
its rights, the most just in its decisions, the most len-
ient in its measures, and the most aspiring in its prin-
ciples to elevate the race of men that the sun of
heaven ever shone upon."
The simple truth was, they intended to try
the experiment of secession for no other rea-
son than because they saw the doom of slavery
was recorded. It could no longer sit in the
high places of the Government and mold the
policy of the nation. It was not enough that
the people and Congress were ready to abase
themselves even lower in the dust and at their
feet in tenderest accents implore them not
to be angry with us becausc for once we had
beaten them in an election; that to make sure
that 110 harm could result to slavery we would
put an amendment into the Constitution that
would effectually bind us and our heirs forever
never to disturb their darling institution. They
attempted to secede only because slavery was
dethroned. Hereditary ruler tliey believed it
to be; it must have a new throne provided.
"Better to reign in hell than servo in heaven."
Alexander H. Stephens, two months after he
had so bravely uttered his noble defense of
the Government, said of the now government
which treason bad founded:
" The foundations of our new government are laid
upon the groat truth that the negio is not equal to
the while man; flint shivery, ^ilbordiiiiiUou to tho
superior race, is his natural and normal condition."
Here, then, is the cause ofthe war ; not seces-
sion, but slavery. The one was but the means
by which the other was to be perpetuated. It
is this we have been combatting' in the mem-
orable struggle of tho past live years. It was
necessary to break up the Union in order to
perpetuate slavery. The nation took up arms
to prevent the disruption of the Union, which
had been attempted as a means to this end.
But even if the proclamation had never been
issued, and the constitutional amendment had
never been adopted, the existence of slavery
was placed upon the huzaid of the issue, and
was destroyed in the defeat of the rebellion.
JJut the war and the proclamation and con-
stitutional enactment have settled the ques-
tion forever. What remains now to consider
is what course shall be followed in restoring
these States to their proper relations to the
Federal Government.
I have briefly alluded to the history of the
preleui-ions of sla\ery and its relations to the
bloody struggle of tin: nation, because 1 believe
it should be kepi prominently in \iew in all our
plans of reconslrucliou. <> must not permit
ourselves to rest content with the delusion that
all that is involved in the dread arbitrament of
war which has just been decided is simply the
preservation of the integrity of the Union. I
do not deny that that was indeed " a consum-
mation devoutly to be wished." But while the
integrity ofthe Union was one of the points of
defense and maintenance, justice, humanity,
and right were in ore fearfully involved. \Ve can-
not, in honor, restore these States to their full
relations to the Union until the bondsman we
have set fice shall stand erect in all the rights of
citizenship, protected in person, property, ami
liberty. ,.nd burdened by no restriction imposed
because of race or color. He has been the "!cor-
ner-stone" of the bastard government which
they defiantly reared in the \iew of the world.
They sought to throw about them a wall of
adamant through which none could pass to
strike otT the manacles from his hands. We
have broken down their strong wall and set the
captive free, and it is now our work to see that
new fetters are not forged again, arid that the
freedom we claim to have granted is not a de-
lusion and a snare. If the Union is to be re-
stored, it must not be "a.Union as it was/'
where the insolence of class and the pretensions
of an oligarchy shall obstruct the energies of
the Government and bind heavy burdens upon
tho people too grievous to be borne, it must
be a Union so strong no power can sever it if
it would, so homogeneous in character and so
beneficent in its influence that none should even
desire to sever it. In all its broad acres, where
ever the humblest human being dwells, there
shall liberty, pure and undefiled, have hertiab-
itation ; there shall the law give him peace and
protection.
In the consideration of the subject of recon-
struction I care not to disturb myself with ideas
of "Statesinlessness" or "Stateimmortality,"
or to know whether these States are dead, alive,
or in a state of suspended animation. It is
enough for me to know, the people who are
within tho boundaries of their respective States
overthrew and destroyed the only government
they had which was in relation to the Federal
Government, and substituted in place thereof
a rebellious one which we could not recognize.
We know, too, that while in rebellion these peo-
ple within the boundaries of these States waged
wanton and wicked war upon us; that they
prosecuted that war with a meanness and atro-
city unparalleled in the annals of civilized war-
fare ; that they attempted to burn our cities and
scatter pestilence among our people; that they
.starved our soldiers who fell into their hands;
that they fashioned the skulls of our dead into
drinking-eups and their bones into finger-rings,
and that they practiced, from the beginning to
the end, barbarities which would have shamed
the savages of the kingdom of Dahomey; and
that finally, after commencing with tho greatest
df all crimes, treason, and running through tho
entire calendar of infamy, tliey murdered our
President. Itis enough for mo also to remem-
ber that these perjured parricides had many of
them taken upon their lips the solemn oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
and yet were ready to strike at the heart of the
nation.that they might build up on its ruins a
government that should have no better purpose
than crushing the poor slave into irredeemable
bondage. And when at last, by God's help and
tho strength of our right arm, these wretches
are subdued and lie writhing at our feet, and
we call to mind tho enormity of their crime,
how can any man who loves his country and
defends his country's laws stand forth and pro-
claim that these men have any rights what-
ever except such as wo in our tenderness and
magnanimity choose to grant thorn ? They have
by their stupendous crime become subject to
the penalty of law, and instead of audaciously
demanding recognition as fellow-citizens hav-
ing equal rights with ourselves, should with
becoming humility and shamcness of face wait
for the doors of mercy to open for their admis-
sion.
With such bittcrinemories so freshly engraven
upon the hearts of the nation, while the tears
of hundreds of thousands of mourners for the
gallant dead are hardly dry ; while the echo of
tho universal wail of sorrow still lingers in the
portals ofthe ear ; with a people groaning be-
neath the weight of taxation which this rebellion
has bound upon their shoulders, why is such hot
haste manifested to take these parricides to our
embrace again? " Swear them," do you say?
Did they not many times heretofore swear be-
fore God they would maintain and defend the
Government? Yet they rebelled. What bind-
ing force or security is there 111 an oath with
such men? Is it said they are conquered and
are ready to submit? How are you to know
that the vipers we take to our bosoms as they
warm into active being again, shall not strike us
again with their poisonous fangs? On the 9th
of June, 18t>4, Andrew Johnson asked the peo-
ple of Tennessee:
" But in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall restore and reestablish it? Bholl the man
who gave his influence and his means to destroy tho
Government? Is ho to participate in the great work
of reorganisation? Shall he who brought this misery
upon the State be permitted to continue its destinies ?
If this be so, then all the pieeious blood of our brave
soldiers and oilicers so freely poured out, will have
been wantonly spilled; all tho gloiious victories won
by our noble armies will go for naught, and all the
battle-fields which have been sown with dead heroes
during the rebellion will have been made memorable
ia vain."
Sir, between us and these men there lies
"A gulf profound as that Serbonian bog
Betwixt Damiata and mount Casius old."
When we reconstruct these States we owe it
to peace and human rights that we proceed with
deliberation and caution, but at the same time
without inviting rebels to participate in our
deliberations.
Whatever plans of reconstruction may be
adopted, we must not for a moment forget with
whom we have to deal. We do not mean to
perpetuate the wrangling discord of the past
thirty years or more, nor that we, or those who
shall come after us should witness the bloody
drama of the past five years again enacted.
We do not ask for "bloody retribution 011 their
crime; we only demand security for the future,
protection to all, universal freedom, and 110 dis-
crimination under the law against any human
being within their borders. We have inaugu-
rated a great social revolution in the southern
States—a fundamental change in social order.
Shall wo leave it incomplete and throw it un-
der the control of men whose education, habits,
and prejudices are in deadly antagonism to its
further progress? While the negro was prop-
erty he was certain of at least so much care and
protection as his owner would give his horse
or his ox, because he possessed a pecuniary
value. Now that tho tie of property is severed,
he is left to the tender mercy of men who look
upon him with hate and detestation, and blindly
hold him to bitter account as the causc of all
their present troubles. They will be slow to
elevate the chattel to the djgnity of the man.
They may talk bravely of giving him his rights,
but their ideas of human rights are not ours.
They have been bred in a school which has
taught them that a black man can have no
rights which they are bound to respect. They
have 110 comprehension of that pure repub-
lican faith with which we of the North are im-
bued. which recognizes all men equal before
the law, and that in the framework of free
society all men should have equal share in its
development and progress.
It may be said these men are loyal to the
Government. Yet what fruits of loyalty have
yet been shown? Is it tho loyalty of taking
the oath? That they took long ago, yet re-
belled. Their loyalty is not the golden fruit
of conviction. It is the loyalty of submission
only.
"Who overcomes
By force, hath overcome but half his foe."
It is not that earnest love which yearns
toward our country with ardent affection. It
is not tho return of that devotion which thrills
at the sight of the starry banner, the proud
emblem of a great and free people, for it is hard
to come so soon to love the hand that smote
them. That they may hereafter be brought by
slow degrees to that true loyalty which belongs
to an American freeman I have 110 doubt: but
never if you make haste to restore.them to
power before the virus of slavery is ejected
from their veins; never, until every statute is
blotted out forever, never again to be recorded
anew, which denies to any man, however hum-
ble or lowly he may be, a single right which
others have.
That we have the power as well as the obli-
gation to reconstruct these States cannot bo
successfully refuted. This point has been
already most ably argued by many distinguished
gentlemen in this House. If there were no
other argument in its vindication, that pertain-
ing to our belligerent rights in the premises
would be conclusive. That we have all the
rights of tho conqueror over the conquered,
all the great public writers on the law of na-
tions, together with our Supreme Court, agree.
Says Vattel:
"A civil war breaks the bands of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their force and effect;
it produces in the nation two indepondetit parties,
who consider each other as enemies, and acknowledge
no common judge. These two parties, therefore,
must necessarily be eonsidorod as constituting, at
least for a time, two distinct societies."
The Supreme Court, in tlie well-known prize
cases, have clearly defined our relations to
these States:
" Sow, it is a proposition never doubted that the
belligerent party who claims to be sovereign may
exercise both belligerent and sovereign rights.
