3548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
around, not a bunch of hay, not a sheaf or stalk
of grain. All had been swept away. How,
and for what purpose? To feed our own armies.
It has not. been paid for. It has been seized
and appropriated-to the purposes of the Gov-
ernment. To this hour one technical objection
after another has been interposed to the claims
for reimbursement; and compensation has
never been paid from the national Treasury.
Millions of dollars worth of property have been
appropriated for the use of the Army, and when
we apply to the Government of the United
States for redress, what is the reply? "The
national finances are in an embarrassed condi-
tion." Yet now it is proposed to pass here a
bill that will deprive us of millions of dollars
in the present and in the future, and kill off the
rivals of this Nova Scotia coal interest by mak-
ing almost valueless great highways opened at
an enormous expense between the coal-fields
of Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Maryland, and
the sea-board.
Sir, I very well remember—and it occurs to
me just at this moment—a remark made by
Mr. Webster in remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas. He said that every one
accustomed to self-examination and self-scru-
tiny discovers that there is in human nature
an occult principle which incapacitates a man
for taking a very lively interest in the affairs of
a community situated very remote from his
own locality. That remark seemed to me at
the time to be not a very apt illustration of the
penetration, the deep analytic power which dis-
tinguished the philosophic mind of that great
statesman. I thought then, I think now, that
this principle is to be traced to selfishness or
self-interest. We are not as much agitated by
the account of an earthquake or a conflagra-
tion involving the destruction of a whole city
remote as San Francisco. We would be still
less affected by the intelligence of the burn-
ing of Pekin or any large city of Asia. And
why ? As quick as electricity the thought
flashes upon us wo are too remote to be in-
volved in the calamity. We feel self-secure,
and sympathize less than we would do if the
sufferers in the calamity were nearer. It is, I
fear, a kindred feeling under which this new
principle in our tariff policy may excite less
attention than it should do, if our laws for
protecting domestic industry are to be framed
with too much reference to local interests. If
such laws are to be framed in reference to par-
ticular latitudes and longitudes and from no
other considerations, how long will it bo before
every just and right-minded man in the coun-
try will revolt against the entire system? Lot
me put a case and ask some of the advocates
. of this feature of the J)ill before us how they
would act in a certain contingency. Suppose
a few citizens of Maryland had crossed the line
into Canada during the existence of the reci-
procity treaty, and after getting into the juris-
diction of Canada had gone into the manufac-
ture of cotton and woolen goods; and suppose
when a tariff bill had been proposed as now a
provision had been inserted, instead of a cer-
tain fixed duty applicable to all foreign impor-
tations, that within a certain line of latitude
and longitude on the border of Canada, in-
tended to include the Maryland manufactures,
these articles should be brought in at eight per
cent, ad valorem, would not the gentlemen
who are opposed to my amendment have re-
belled against such a proposition ?
Suppose during the war a large number of
the citizens of the United States had crossed
into Canada and engaged extensively in wool-
growing while the reciprocity treaty was in
force, and this House in legislating concerning
the importation of wool, should have under
consideration a bill proposing a very small duty
on wool from the locality where our citizens
had located in Canada, and a reasonable pro-
tective duty on wool' imported from all other
foreign countries, how many wool-growers in
the United States would by their Representa-
tives on this floor sustain so ridiculous a meas-
ure? Yet I do n'ot perceive wherein in princi-
ple these supposititious cases- differ from the
proposition I propose to amend. I invite the
friends of this clause of the bill to run a par-
allel between the cases put, and to discover any
essential or vital difference in principle.
I know it has been said in this debate that it
is hard to require those near the coal mines of
Nova Scotia to pay a duty for the protection
of the coal interest of Pennsylvania and Mary-
land. Would not the same argument hold
good in reference to.the manufacture of cotton
and woolen goods ? I insist that any policy that
is inaugurated should ba national and not sec-
tional. If you exclude competition from abroad
with the cotton and woolen interests of New
England, why should you not also exclude un-
fair competition from abroad with the coal in-
terests of Maryland and Pennsylvania? Why
shouldyou exclude competition with one branch
of industry and not with another? I tell you,
sir, that until statesmen come up upon the high
platform of patriotism and cast aside all selfish
considerations, until all interests are placed
upon an equality before the law, and there
shall be no distinction between the protection
afforded to one or the other, giving to the peo-
ple of each locality an equal chance,to derive
the local values, we will not either legislate
justly or for the prosperity of the whole country.
Speaking under the permission of the House,
I am reluctant to trespass any further, and
thank the House for its indulgence.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order,
had had under consideration the bill of the
House (No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
leave 01' absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave of
absence until after to-morrow for Mr. McKee.
annexation' of british america.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a bill establishing conditions for the
admission of the States of Nova Seotia, New
Brunswick, Canada Bast, and Canada West,
and for the organization of territorial govern-
ments ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
MESSAGE EltOM MIR SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 555,
for the relief of Charles Brewer & Co., with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
habeas corpus.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill
amendatory of an act to amend an act entitled
" An act relative to habeas corpus and regu-
lating judicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved May 11, 1860; which was ordered to
be printed and recommitted.
' Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mineral lands.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
take up from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
157, to legalize the occupation of mineral lands
and extend the right of preemption thereto, and
referitto the Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend by referring
it to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HIGBY. I have no objection to this
bill going to three or four different committees
if it be necessary. But there is one bill now
before that committee that has been there for
the last two years. It came before the House
during the last session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, and the chairman of the committee
rose to speak upon it, and the bill was sent to
the committee and it has lain there ever since.
Now, there is some practical knowledge in
the Committee on Mines and Mining in relation
to this subject, and we would like to have an
opportunity to make a report upon it. I hope,
therefore, this will be sent to that committee.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. julian, to refer the biil to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, it was, agreed to.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the votes
just taken by which the bills were severally
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
evening session.
Mr. MORRILL. I give notice that I shall
ask for an evening session to-morrow, in order
to close debate on the tariff bill.
And then, on motion of Mr. RADFORD,
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of a large number of
persons, protesting against the increase in the duty
on linseed.
By Mr. GRISWOLD: The remonstrance of a large,
number of citizens of New York, against making
Rouse's Point bridge a post road.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The action of the city coun-
cil of the city of Cleveland, in the State of Ohio, pro-
testing against consumers of gas being taxed as man-
ufacturers ; also protesting against the collection of
a revenue tax from passengers on street railroad cars.
By Mr. FARQUHAR: The petition of Ira G.
Robertson, late a captain of United States volun-
teers, praying for authority to the War Department
to pay him for six months' services rendered as a
captain of Indiana volunteers, in command of the
twelfth battery of Michigan volunteers in East Ten-
HCSS6G.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The petition
of Martin Denver, for relief.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: A petition
of citizens of Pleasants county, West Virginia, for the
establishment of apostroutefrom St. Mary's, in Pleas-
ants county, via Shingleton's Mills, to Hebron, in the
same county.
By Mr. UPSON: Thereportof the adjutantgeneral
of Michigan in rela tion to the treatment of the Mich-
igan cavalry brigade.
Also, a letter from Governor Crapo, of the State of
Michigan, to the Secretary of War, in relation to t.hei
claim of the officers and men of the first Michigan
cavalry.
By Mr. WHABEY: A petition of citizens of Craig,
Montgomery, and Roanoke counties, Virginia, to be
attached to West Virginia.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 3, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented six petitions
of citizens of the United States, praying that
the duties on imported articles may be increased
so as to afford better protection to American
labor; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Wil-
liam B. Lewis, praying for compensation for
damageg done to his property by United States
troops; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 401) to increase and fix
the military peace establishment of the United
States, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 170)
amendatory of a joint resolution entitled "A
resolution respecting the bounties to colored
soldiers, and the pensions, bounties, and allow-
ances to their heirs," approved June 16,1866,
reported it without amendment.
He also,Jxom the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 120) restoring the allowance
