THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
only exist on tie ruins of ours, and waged war
against the Union for four years, seeking not
merely the injury but the disintegration and
absolute ruin of the Republic.^ And yet it is
claimed that during this whole time she actually
remained a State of the Union, with such sov-
ereignty and such rights as the Constitution
secures to the States of the Union, with the
right at any moment when the whim seized her,
before, at, or after her defeat, to drop the sword
and resume, unquestioned, her place among
the States; that her practical relations to the
Constitution were merely disturbed by the war.
Sir, these relations were not merely disturbed;
they were utterly destroyed. Among the rela-
tions which she sustained to the Union were
eight, vital in their character, affecting respect-
ively the Federal revenues, the jurisdiction of
the Federal courts, the official oaths of State
officers, allegiance to the United States, repre-
sentation in the Federal Congress, the privileges
and immunities of eitizensin the several States,
the effect to be given in each State to the pub-
lic acts, records, and judicial proceedings of the
other States, and.the Federal regulation of our
foreign affairs and intcr-State commerce. In
not one of these relations has there been, dur-
ing four years, one single spark of life. They,
and the State whose breath and blood they were,
'are dead, and the trump of her-resurrection will
be something else than the whistle ot' a secre-
tary's proclamation. It is true that she has not
shaken ofl" the national sovereignty ; that not
by the mere pendency of war, but only by final
success in war, could she cscape her obligations
to the Union and the Constitution. But on the
other hand, it is equally true that her acts, al-
though powerless and void to take her out of
the jurisdiction of the Constitution, did termi-
nate her State exist,ence; and therefore con-
sign her to the condition of an unorganized ter-
ritory, to bo organized as a Territory or admitted
as a Stale, according to the judgment and dis-
cretion of the Congress of the nation.
It is urged by the earnest champions of the
immortality of these States, that the provision
of the Constitution which binds the United
States to guaranty to every State in the Union
a republican form of government is a pledge of
intervention to States, as States,not Territories;
and therefore the clause, in fact, provides not
only for a guarantee of a republican form of
government to the States, but also for a guar-
antee of their perpetuity as States.
Sir, this doctrine of a double-headed guar-
antee will bear no scrutiny. Neither standing
alone nor construed by the context will the
clause yield such a twofold guarantee. Every
word used is essential to the single guarantee of
a republican form of government. And it is
but a shabby compliment to the wisdom of the
statesmen who framed the Constitution, to say
that, they have, in oue section, bound the Uni-
ted States to guaranty that Alabama shall live
forever as a Slate of the Union, after having,
in the very next preceding section, deliberately
provided a most unostentatious ceremony
whereby six votes might finally decide for Inu-
tile question of life or death. But this is the
precise compliment which this doctrine of a
double guarantee pays to the trainers of our
Constitution ; for if that instrument has, in one
section of ihe fourth article, guarantied that
Alabama shall forever remain a State, it has
also in another section of the same article
guarantied that Alabama may cease .to be a
State whenever her death-warrant shall be
signed by her own Legislature, with the assent
of the Legislature of an adjacent State and of
Congress.
Not only does this provision contain no guar-
antee that she shall always remain the State of
Alabama, but it involves no guarantee that she
shall always remain a State, or a part of a
State, under any name or form. It is nothing
more than it purports to be—a provision for a
guaranty of republican governments to the
States of this I'nion, while they are States,
leaving the question whether they shall forever
remain States to be decided by something out-
sidwof this section. It might as well be claimed
that the clause ^vhich guaranties full faith and
credit in each State to the public acts, records,
and judicial proceedings of every other State,
guaranties also that the States shall always re-
main States because the pledge is made to the
States. It might as well be claimed that the
section which guaranties to the citizens of each
State all the privileges and immunities of citi-
agns in the several States also guaranties that
such citizens shall always remain citizens, shall
never, by crime or expatriation, or otherwise,
lose or throw off their citizenship, because the
pledge is made to citizcns.
Nor can you find, sir, anywhere in the Con-
stitution a guarantee that a State shall never put
off the garments of State sovereignty, never,
through the crime or choice of her citizens, re-
turn to the territorial condition. There is no
such provision expressed or implied in the Con-
stitution. There ought to be no such provision
there. The time may come when it will be a
grievous hardship for a particular State to be
forcibly compelled, by the United States, to
maintain against her own interest and choice
the burden of a State government. The time
has already come when it will be an intolera-
ble hardship to the rest of the Union to permit
States, which, attempting murder, perpetrated
suicidc, to become living States again without
security against future crime.
Nor is it true that if these rebellious com-
munities were Territories and not States, their
people could not have been traitors against the
United States. For Territories are subject
to the Federal Constitution and laws no less
than States. There is nothing in this condition
any more than in that of States to absolve their
citizens from allegiance (o the Federal Consti-
tution or diminish the turpitude of the crimc
of treason against, the United States. So far
as the, punishment, for treason is concerned, if
the doctrine that they were States in the Union
has any advantage over the doctrine that they
were States out of the Union, it rests upon the
ground that in a conflict of State and Federal
allegiance the Federal Constitution is para-
mount for States in the Union, and a nullity
for the States out of the Union. But the po-
sition that they were mere Territories of this
Union has this advantage over both, that for
the people of a Territory the Federal Consti-
tution is not only the paramount but the sole
bond of allegiance.
Nor does this doctrine entail upon the Uni-
ted States as conquerors the payment of any
portion of the rebel debt. Not upon this foun-
dation, if upOnany, can rest the claim that the
nation, which, without intermission, struggled
to subdue the, rebels, became,, when successful,
bound by the law of nations to pay, to foreign
or domestic creditors, the debts incurred in
resisting its authority. Whatever liabilities may
result from the doctrine that South Carolina
left the Union anil incurred debts as a sover-
eign Slate, or as a member of a sovereign con-
federacy, which doctrine I repudiate ; whatever
liabilities may result front the doctrine that
during the war she remained a State of the
Union and incurred debts as such State, which
doctrine I also repudiate ; it is very clear that
the only payments which her European credit-
ors can hope to realize from meddling with our
territories, will be such as can be made through
the thwarts of old Farragut's guns.
In 1113-judgment, then, the, constitutional rela-
tion of these communities to the Federal Gov-
ernment is that of unorganized territories. But
they sustain at the same time another relation:
that of the conquered to the conqueror under
the laws of war. If it would be the light aiul
duty of the Government to maintain the author-
ity of the Constitution and the integrity of the
Republic, by crushing a claim to absolute sov-
ereignly on the part of a State, even though such
Slate should not herself first draw the sword,
still clearer will be the right, still more imper-
ative the duty of the Government, if the State
herself first flies to arms, and, in allianpo with
other armed enemies, attempts to destroy the
nation.
And the right to draw the sword in defense
of the national existence is the right to hold the
sword unsheathed until such defense is com-
pletely achieved and crowned with solid guar-
antees of future security and peace. The doc-
trine to which the Democratic party has steadily
adhered, since the day of its enunciation by Mr.
Buchanan, is that the Republic had no right to
resist by force of arms the attempt of the rebels
on its life because "the Constitution contains
no provision authorizing the coercion of a sov- ■
ereign State." Others believed that in the
clauses authorizing Congress to provide for the
common defense and general welfare, for call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws and
suppress insurrections, for arming and govern-
ing the militia, and for the punishment of trea-
son, and requiring the President, who is Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, to take
care that the laws be faithfully executed, could
be found ample authority to defend the Repub-
lic by force of arms against the assaults of a
State as well as against assaults from any other
quarter.
But the existence of this power in the Fed-
eral Government is not dependent upon con-
stitutional provisions. Its expression in the
written Constitution would be only a formal
recognition of a power which would exist, valid
and complete, whether so recognized or not.
The American people organized into political
society under the State and national Govern-
ments are, in the aggregate, invested with all
the inherent rights and attributes of sovereignty
which belong to any independent nation.
First and foremost among these is the right
of self-preservation, which is as clearly inherent
in nations as in individuals, is indeed insepara-
ble from the very idea of national sovereignty.
It can neither be strengthened nor impaired by
written constitutions; and if any nation on the
face of the earth has the inherent right to de-
fend itself against foreign or domestic foes, this
Republic has that right; and the defense must
be made decisive and complete. If it was the
right of the nation to undertake the war, it was
the duty of the nation to carry it forward to its
legitimate end. That end is the solid rock of
national salvation. It was to be expected, sir,
that the northern men who could assert that the
Republic had no right to resist, by arms, an
armed attempt upon its life would not hesitate
to assert also that the belligerent rights of the
nation terminated at the instant of the military
surrender of the rebel armies. But the second
proposition is as false as the first. This nation
was not, at the instant of military victory, to
be, as in the twinkling of an eye, stripped of
the right to exact securities for future life
and peace, which pertains to all belligerent
Powers, unless the war was waged, not for na-
tional salvation, but for military triumph. But
if we undertook and waged this war for the
achievement of military victory, we are the
bloodiest butchers in the annals of our race.
These rebel communities sustain, therefore,
the twofold relation of inhabitants of Territo-
ries subject to the Constitution, and of enemies
conquered in war. All the rights springing
from both of these relations vest in the United
States; and it is at the option of the United
States to exercise one class or the other, or
both, in the reconstruction of the late rebel
States.
How and by what department of the Gov-
ernment are those rights which vest in the
nation as the sovereign of the Territories to be
exercised? Fortunately we are not without
beacons, set in the Constitution, to guide us
forward from the point where the civil author-
ity succeeds the military power. In the first
place the control of the Territories is vested in
| Congress. If in the judgment of Congress it
| shall be necessary to organize and govern the
I late rebel States as Territories, upon Congress
! will devolve the duty of providing for their or-
j ganization and government. In the next place,
i the power to admit new States is given to Con-
f, gress. And when in the judgment of Congress
Ij it shall be proper to admit these Territories as
| States of the Union, it will be for Congress to
|! provide the necessary legislation* And finally _
