1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2589
quarantine laws—to put it in the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury to make it obliga-
tory upon them to obey those laws and not to
disregard them. The Senator from Wisconsin
will recollect that there are laws, the revenue
laws, which permit vessels, when they arrive
at a port of the United States, within a certain
time to land and discharge that freight in ware-
houses of the United States. Suppose that the
law of the State of New York prohibits a ves-
sel from landing there on account of the fear
of contagious diseases; there is a conflict of
jurisdiction at once; there is a-conflict between
the Federal law and the State law. Now, sup-
pose that the collector of customs at New York
city, obeying the Federal law, should order a
vessel up into the port of New York, and order
it to discharge its freight and passengers there
against the quarantine laws of the State of
New York, or of the city of New York, passed
under State authority, the Senator will see at
once that a conflict of jurisdiction would arise.
The law of 1799 provides for a case of that
sort. The idea there was to give the power to
the Secretary of the Treasury to make the rev-
enue collectors and all the officers in the dis-
charge of Federal duties in the respective ports
obey the quarantine laws of the States, and
that is the only meaning of this resolution now.
If gentlemen insist that there are some cities
in the United States that have adopted no
quarantine regulations, and that it is necessary
that they should bo adopted, an amendment
may be added, but I do not think it is neces-
sary. The people of Brooklyn, if cholera is
to visit the United States, will guard and pro-
tect themselves against its introduction there
just as efficiently as the people of New York.
So will the people of New Orleans, the people
of Richmond, the people of Portland, the peo-
ple of New London, and the people of every
other city. The first section of the act of J799
is in these words:
"That the quarantines and other restraints, which
shall be required and established by the health laws
of any State, or pursuant thereto, respecting any
vessels arriving in, or bound to, any port or district
thereof, whether from a foreign port or place, or from
another district of the United States, shall be duly
observed by the collectors and all other oflicers of
the revenue of the United States, appointed and
employed for tho several collection districts of such
State respectively, and by the masters and crews of
the several revenue-cutters, and by the military offi-
cers who shall command in any fort or station upon
the sea-coast."
Suppose a military officer commanding there
now should absolutely refuse to regard tho
quarantine laws of the respective States, ought
there not to be some power vested in some
officer of the Government to restrain and con-
trol those men and make them obey those
quarantine regulations?
"And all such officers of the United States shall
be, and they hereby are, authorized and required
faithfully to aid in the execution of such quarantine
and health laws, according to their respective powers
and precincts, and as they shall be directed, from
time to time, by the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States."
So the Senator will see that this resolution
now is in perfect accordance with the law of
1799. The second section of that act provides :
" That when by the health laws of any State, or by
the regulations which shall he made pursuant thereto,
any vessel arriving within a collection district of such
State, shall bo prohibited from coining to the port of
entry or delivery by law established for sueh district,
and it shall be required or permitted by such health
laws, that the cargo of such vessel shall or may be
unladen at some other place within or near to such
district, the collector authorized therein, after due
report to him of the whole of such cargo, may grant
his especial warrant or permit for the unlading and
discharge thereof under the care of the surveyor, or
of one or more inspectors, at some other place where
such health laws will permit."
So the law now, instead of inflicting1 any
expense upon the Government, only gives power
io the Secretary of the Treasury to order the
officers of the United States to conform to and
assist in carrying out the laws that may be
adopted in the respective States.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator either misappre-
hends the state of the resolution, or else I
misapprehend the force of it. This power to
direct the revenue officers is an additional
power, a power in addition to the power given
by the first clause; there the Secretary of the'
Treasury is clothed with the authority to make
orders and regulations.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Sen-
ator if it is at all likely the Secretary of the
Treasury will employ other officers than the
officers of the Treasury already in the differ-
ent ports of the United States in the execution
of these quarantine laws ? If so I am willing
to'limit his power ; but I cannot imagine that
tho Secretary of the Treasury, already having
command of the revenue officers in the differ-
ent ports, will put the United States to any
additional expense, but that he will employ
the officers of the revenue-cutters in that way.
Mr. HOWE. My friend from Missouri and
myself can end this controversy very suddenly,
I think. Just make tho resolution that it only
authorizes him to employ the revenue officers
in the execution of the local quarantine regu-
lations, and shut up the Treasury, and I do
not care how it is.
Mr. HENDERSON. Strike out the latter
part of the resolution ; that shuts up the Treas-
ury.
Mr. HOWE. That shuts up the Treasury,
but it does not cut out the first part.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the amendments to be
engrossed, and the joint resolution to be read
the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON called forthe yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 27, nays 12 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes,
Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Kirkwood, Lane ofliansas, Morgan, Morrill, Norton,
Poland, Pomeroy, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—27.
NA Y S—Messrs. Chandler, Conn ess, Howard, Howe,
MeDougall, Nye, Ramsey, Riddie, Trumbull, Wade,
Williams, and Yates—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Cowan, Cra-
gin, Creswell, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith, Saulsbury,
Sherman, and Wright—10,
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to amend the
title of this joint resolution, so as to read, "A
resolution respecting quarantine and health
laws." I think that would be a better title,
and I move that amendment.
The title was so amended.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(IT, R. No. 280) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of Juno,
18G7, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed without
amendment the joint resolution (S. R. No. 88)
authorizing the Secretary of War to grant the
use of certain lumber for the fair for the Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Home.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 134) relative to appointments
in the Military Academy of the United States;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (II. R. No. 310) to change the place
of holding the courts of the United States for
the northern district of Mississippi;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 88) authorizing
the Secretary of War to grant the use of certain
lumber for the fair for the Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home;
A joint resolution (n. R. No. 66) relative to
the courts and post office of New York city;
and
A bill (II. R. No. 897) to authorize the coin-
age of five-cent pieces.
admission op colorado veto.
Mr. Edward Cooper, Secretary to the Pres-
ident of the United States, appeared below the
bar and delivered the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed by the Pres-
ident of the United States to return to the Sen-
ate_ in which it originated, a bill (S. No. 74)
entitled ' 'An act for the admission of the State
of Colorado into the Union," with his objec-
tions in writing.
APPOINTMENTS AND REMOVALS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to call up a
bill that I introduced a few days ago—Senate
bill No. 315—to regulate appointments to and
removals from office. I desire merely to call
it up, with a view of referring it to the Judiciary
Committee. The committee, I understand,
meets to-morrow morning and I desire that it
shall be referred to them for action.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain th.e motion to commit.
The motion was agreed to.
prevention of smuggling,
Mr. MORRILL. I call up the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
now before the Senate, being Senate bill No.
222, to further prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to set aside all
other orders and take up Senate bill No. 109.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. This is
the special order which was laid over yester-
day ; and I want to take up some appropriation
bills as soon as it is disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill to which I call
attention has been up once.
Mr. MORRILL. This is the unfinished
business of yesterday. We can soon finish it.
Tho only question is on concurrence in some
amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator is not aware,
perhaps, that this bill comes up as a special
order and is now before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. It can be finished in
five minutes.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. I withdraw
the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 222) further to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes, is before the Senate; and
the question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, which
were excepted out of the general scope of
amendments that were concurred in. The first
excepted amendment will be read.
The Secretary read tho first excepted amend-
ment which was in section four, line thirteen,
to strike out the words " and the guilty knowl-
edge of the defendant, when convicted of the
fact, shall in all cases be presumed unless he
or she prove the contrary and in lieu thereof
to insert the following :
And the onus probandi in eases of seizure shall lio
upon the claimant where probable cause is shown for
such prosecution, to be fudged of by the court before
whom the prosecution is had.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to make a
verbal amendment to which nobody will ob-
ject, in that amendment, to use the phrase
"burden of proof" instead of "onus pro-
bandi.'7
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think there were two
amendments proposed by the committee, one
to strike out and the other to insert. I sup-
pose they can be divided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to sliike out and insert is not divisible.
Mr. JOHNSON. That seems singular.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the mo-
tion to strike out and insert shall be rejected,
a motion to strike out will then be in order;
but under the rules of the Senate a motion to
strike out and insert is one motion and not
divisible.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
