1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of ^Representation—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
lican form of government while such State was
a member of the Union or desired to maintain
its relations to the Federal Government. The
framers of the Constitution were too deeply
read in history not to know that all Govern-
ments were liable to internal commotions, to
convulsions, and to disruptions. They doubt-
less supposed it possible that this Government
might be subjected to dangers of this character.
But, sir, they did not provide specifically in the
Constitution against the attempt by one thir<J
of the States to withdraw themselves from the
Federal U nion or for the employment of mili-
tary fdrce by the adhering States, acting through
the agency of the Federal Government, to "com-
pel adherence by the other States to the Federal
Union. In fact, it may safely be asserted that
the framers of the Constitution, if we are to
judge of their meaning by the just interpreta-
tion of their language in the exposition of that
instrument, anticipated and justified the use of
force on the part of the State governments to
repel usurpations on the part of the Federal
Government should such attempts at usurp-
ation be made. Says Mr. Hamilton, .(E'ederal-
ist, No. 28:)
" It may safely be received as an axiom in our polit-
ical system, that the State governments will, in
all possible contingencies, afford complete security
against invasions of the public liberty by the na-
tional authority. Projects of usurpation cannot be
masked under pretenses so likely to escape the pene-
tration of select men as of the people at large.
" The Legislatures trill have better mea.ns of in-
formation ;.1hey can discover the danger at a distance,
and possessing all the organs of civil power and the
confidence of the people, they can at once adopt a regular
plan of opposition in which they can combine all the
resources of the community. They can readily commu-
nicate with each other in the different States, and unite
their common forces for the protection of their common,
liberty."
Again, in the Federalist, No. 45, Mr. Hamil-
ton remarks:
" But ambitious encroachments of the Federal Gov-
ernment on the authority of the State governments
would not excite the opposition of a single State or
of a few States only. They would be signals of gen-
eral alarm. Every government would espouse the
common cause. A correspondence would be opened.
Plans of resistance would be concerted. One spirit
would animate and conduct the whole. The same
combination, in short, would result from an appre-
hension of the Federal as was produced by the dread
of a foreign yoke; and unless the projected innova-
tions should be voluntarily renounced, the same ap-
peal to a trial of force would be made in the one case
as was made in the other. JBut what degree of mad-
ness could ever drive the Federal Government to such
an extremity ?"
Sir, we unhappily have witnessed and suf-
fered from this exhibition of madness on the
part of both the State and Federal Governm ents;
and to-day we are dealing with questions of the
most momentous character resulting from the
indulgence of this spirit of madness. Relieved
from the horrors of the battle-field, we find our-
selves in the midst of a frightful civil revolu-
tion. that threatens the destruction of our very
system of government. If the attempts of the
revolutionists are not thwarted they will pull
down the pillars of the Constitution and con-
vert the once free Republic of the United States
into the worst despotism on earth.
But to return. A republican government may
exist and be a very different sort of govern-
ment from that under which we have lived.
There are many different kinds of republics,
and one Senator has enlightened us by reading
from all the old musty books he could find in
the Congressional Library definitions of repub-
lican governments, under the supposition, I
suppose, that when the clause was placed in
the Constitution that the United States should
guaranty to every State a republican form of
government, its framers meant they should not
guaranty to the States the k,ind of old republics
that used to exist, and not even the kind of
governments that existed in the States when
the Constitution was formed. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, do you suppose the framers of that Con-
stitution, when they made it, did not suppose
they themselves were living under a republican
form of government? Did they mean by placing
that guarantee in the Constitution, to guaranty
to the States another kind of republican form
of government, or one having more extensive
privileges of arepublican character, than the one
existing at the time? In those days, in many
of the States, there was a property qualifica-
tion for voting, and negroes were excluded in
most, if not all of them, and notwithstanding
the very framers of the great model Republic
themselves lived in States recognizing this in*
equality of rights, we have some of the advo-
cates of this joint resolution placing it upon
the ground, when asked for the constitutional
authority to enact it, that Congress has a right,
under that clause of the Constitution, that the
United States shall guaranty to every State a
republican form of government, to pass this
resolution. The proposition is too absurd for
ax-gument.
This brings me to notice for a few minutes
what is the true situation of these southern
States, what are the rights of the people, and
whether they have any rights. I know that I
differ on this subject with not only gentlemen
on the other side of the Chamber, but I have
no doubt I differ with many gentlemen with
whom I act politically. In 18G2, in a spe'ech on
confiscation in this body, when it was danger-
ous for men to utter their honest sentiments,
even in the Senate Hall and in the Hall of the
House of Representatives, I took the ground
that a State had no constitutional right to
secede from the Federal Union, and that if it
had any right of resistance at all it did not
ariseunder the Constitution, but independently
of it, and only when evils became so insuffera-
ble that it would be better to resort to war to
redress them than to further bear them. I
maintained then the doctrine which I main-
tain now, and as I escaped a fort and bastile
then for the utterance, I presume now, since
there is no further use for Fort La Fayette and
Fort Delaware and Fort McHenry under the
more enlightened present administration of the
country than of the late one, I may repeat a
doctrine which I then held, and which I be-
lieve to be founded in correct principles of law,
that if the State had no right to secede, but did
secede, or half a dozen or a dozen States seceded
and established a government having the power
to enforce its commands and to punish disobe-
dience to its commands ; the Government of
the United States being the Government de
jure and that other government thus wrong-
fully established, if you please, being the gov-
ernment de facto; the Government of the Uni-
ted States not having the power to protect the
people of those States from the consequences
of disobedience to the command of the govern-
ment de facto, and the government de facto
having power to punish them if they did not
yield obedience, it was not treason in the peo-
ple of those States, being thus circumstanced,
to act in obedience to the commands of a gov-
ernment de facto; the Government de jure
withholding its protection from them, it was
not treason in those people in the eye of the
law, and that upon a fair trial before any im-
partial tribunal in any State of this Union a
man so circumstanced could not legally be
convicted of treason.
I say nothing in reference to the men who
set a revolution in motion ; who attempt to
revolutionize and break up a Government; but,
sir, there never was any people on earth yet,
the whole of whom were traitors and ought to
be punished as traitors. Men who deliberately
plot the destruction of a Government, and
make war upon a Government by uniting with
mobs or great masses of men, and not acting
under the commands of a Government that can
compel their obedience, may be liable to the
penalties of treason, and are liable to the pen-
alties of treason ; but the great mass of the
people living under a Government, although
wrongfully established, having the power to
punish them if they refuse to obey its com-
mands, and yielding obedience to authority
and power which they cannot resist, are not
traitors; and so it has been decided before this
civil war was fought, or even before your Con-
stitution was framed. The doctrine is older
than Blackstone, and is cited by him. as law.
His language, volume four, page 221, is:
" A usurper who has got possession of the throne
is a king within the meaning of the statute, as there
is a temporary allegiance to him for his administra-
tion of the Government and temporary protection
of the public; and, therefore, treasons committed
against Henry VI were punished under Edward iv
though all the line of Lancaster had previously been
declared usurpers by act of Parliament. When, there-
fore, a usurper is in possession, the subject is excused
and justified in obeying and giving his assistance;
otherwise, under a usurpation, no man would be safe
if the lawful prince had a right to hang him for obe-
dience to the power in being, as the usurper would
certainly do for disobedience."
I invite you to turn your attention at your
leisure to Dallas's Reports, and yon will find—
I will not say the volume is full of such cases,
but you will find many cases of this charac-
ter: when Pennsylvania set up an independent
government for herself and renounced alle-
giance to George III; when she established a
government of her own, and even before she
united with the other colonies under any Arti-
cles of Confederation, persons who within six
and twelve months after the establishment of
that single State government refused to yield
obedience to it and joined with the Tories of
the Revolution, and adhered to the interests
and fortunes of George III, were indicted and
convicted and executed for treason against the
State of Pennsylvania; and upon what prin-
ple? A doctrine clearly recognized in law
and fully stated there, that Pennsylvania hav-
ing established a government de facto, with
powers to compel obedience, to punish diso-
bedience, and to afford protection, and alle-
giance and protection being reciprocal, and
George III not having it in his power to pro-
tect them against the commands of the gov-
ernment of the State of Pennsylvania, their alle-
giance was due to the State of Pennsylvania
after the establishment of such a government.
Now, Mr. President, let me ask you this
question : is it possible that there is any such
law in this land, or is it possible there ever was
any such law in any Christian land, that a man
shall be liable to be punished if he does a thing,
and that he shall be liable to be punished if he
does not do it? Here are two governments claim-
ing the rightto control the action of the individ-
ual cititizen of a State. The one which is the
rightful government, the Government of the
United States, if you please, and which, per-
haps, he would gladly serve, has not the power
to protect him, or having the power, fails to ex-
ercise it in his behalf, yet declares that if he
yields obedience to the government which has
the power to punish him, 1' If he refuses to obey
it I will hang him' and the other government,
the government defacto, says, "Ihave gotyou
in my possession; if you do not yield obedience
I will hang you." Is there any such law that
a man shall be subjected to the penalty of
death for yielding to circumstances which he is
unable to resist and against which there is no
power that can or will protect him?
Vain will be the boast of our love of liberty
and our regard for law should we in practice
discard thehumancandjustprincipleannounced
by Blackstone, and attempt to act upon a prin-
ciple which the Government of England for
four hundred years has repudiated, and which
is not recognized to-day by any civilized Gov-
ernment on earth.
Why do I refer to this principle? The igno-
rant, the thoughtless, a miserable vitiated press
may say, " because there is sympathy with trai-
tors and treason." I never notice the utter-
ances of fools. It is because we find ourselves
placed to-day, in legislating for our country,
in a situation that imperiously demands of the
American legislator to think.and think properly,
and to so apply his action that injustice and wrong
and cruelty and crime shall not be committed
simply to appease maddened partisans and su-
perlative patriots who perhaps amid the hours
