1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
@65
, the Constitution provides that "the United
States shall guaranty to each State in this
Union a republican form of government," not
quibbling over a distinction between form and
substance, but indicating the kind of govern-
ment to be guarantied, as distinguished from
monarchical or other forms. Is the authority
for the practical realization of this guarantee
vested in the Federal or in the State govern-
ments? On this point there is no such ambi-
guity in the Constitution as appears in the clause
relating to fugitives from labor. Its language
is explicit. The United States are to enforce
the guarantee.
And yet, when we inquire into the precise
method prescribed for its enforcement, the ease
is not so clear. Other powers are given to
Congress, to the judicial department, to the
President. But this is not specially assigned
to -either department of the Government. It is
fiven to the United States. How, then,will the
Tnited States practically execute the provis-
ion? In my judgment, {he power is to be ex-
ercised by Congress when the act to be per-
formed for the realization of the guarantee is a
legislative act, by the President when executive
action is proper, and by the judicial department
when judicial action is demanded, and, in gen-
eral, by those branches of the Federal Govern-
ment whose functions embrace the acts to be
performed.
If an existing State should throw off the re-
publican form and become a monarchy, it would
be necessary to cure the evil, although, per-
haps, difficult either to indicate or execute the
remedy. But in the ease of States applying for
admission to the Union there can be no such
difficulty. An act of Congress is the only ma-
chinery for the enforcement of the guarantee.
This provision has hitherto remained virtu-
ally a dead letter as against the despotism of
slavery, because slavery has hitherto maintained
for its own benefit a law higher than the Con-
stitution, has in fact held the Constitution itself
in chains. Now that a million bayonets have
emancipated the Constitution as well as the
slaves, it is time that this provision should cease
to be a dead letter, that the word republican
sliould cease to reek with the slime of slavery.
If Congress shall be false to the obligation im-
posed by this provision it will not now, as here-
tofore, be able to plead the fear of a power
higher than the Constitution as a justification
for setting at naught the letter of the Constitu-
tion and the law of God.
Our rights of conquest are, in my judgment,
subject to no limitations exccpt. those of hu-
_ manity. The Republic is the sole judge of the
extent of these limitations, and is, under the
law of nations, responsible to no human tribu-
nal for the manner in which these rights are
exercised. The fact that the southern people
were subjects ofthe Constitution, as well as ene-
mies in war, affects .not the extent of our rights
of conquest, but only the question who shall
exercise them.
The President is not the war power of the
nation. He is a conspicuous part, but not the
whole of it. Under the Constitution Congress
declares war, grants letters of marque and re-
prisal, makes rules concerning captures on land
and water, raises and supports armies, provides
and maintains a navy, makes rules for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land and naval
forces, provides for calling forth, arming, and
disciplining the militia, and exercises exclusive
authority over all forts, arsenals, magazines,
and dock-yards. The President is Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy which Congress
raises and provides. Here, as elsewhere, he
executes the laws which Congress enacts. That
part of the war power which is legislative in its
nature belongs to Congress. That which is
executive belongs to the President. Such a
division is unknown to absolute monarchies;
and hence they can afford us in this case neither
precedents nor principles. With a foreign
nation he may make peace, by virtue of his
treaty-making power, and yet even then his ac-
tion will be rendered nugatory by a renewed
declaration of war* Butwhon Congress recog-
nizes war in insurrection he has no power to con-
clude or proclaim peace except such as is be-
stowed and may be resumed by Congress- The
President is bound to obey all constitutional
laws of Congress relating to war, just as he is
bound to obey any other constitutional laws.
To those whom the virtual dictatorship of the
President, enforced by circumstances during
the war, has not wholly blinded to the consti-
tutional line of demarkation between the legis-
lative and executive departments of the Govern-
ment, it cannot be difficult to determine which
of these rights are to be exercised by Congress
and the President, respectively, in this case.
If the mere pendency of war exempted the
rebels from the jurisdiction of our Constitution,
then had the President and Senate the consti-
tutional power, not indeed to reannex them,
but to give them absolute independence, before
or after the surrender of their armies, and so to
cast them off beyond the reach of Congress,
because the treaty-making power is vested in
the ^President and Senate. But this treaty-
making power being unexercised, everything
would devolve on Congress except the mere
maintenance of order through the Army and
Navy until Congress could express its will in
legislation. If, however, the late rebel States
did not, as the result of the mere pendency of
war, become separate States, the whole power to
dispose of them rests without restriction or lim-
itation in the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment. The only constitutional power of the
President over them, after actual hostilities
ceased, is to preserve order by means of the
Army and Navy until the voice of the law-mak-
ing power can be heard. This would be all dif-
ferent in Russia. It will sooner or later be all
different here, if we suffer the executive strain
upon our Constitution which we have tolerated
as a necessity in time of war to bo perpetuated
in time of peace.
But gentlemen affirm that it is now all differ-
ent hero; that the entire political work of re-
construction intervening between the cessation
of hostilities and the scrutiny of credentials by
the election committees of Congress, devolves
on the President as Commander-in- Chief. And
they present this reasoning in support of the
position. The military surrender ofthe rebels
on the field of battle must, it is said, be followed
! as an act of justice by a surrender on the field
of political controversy. Whoever had the right
to dictate the terms of the military surrender,
has also the right 1,0 dictate the terms of the
political surrender. The former right belonged
to the President. Therefore the latter also
belonged to him. This right to insist upon what
is termed a political surrender, is probably a
cautious expression for the right, of conquest.
It must be that or nothing. For certainly it
can only bo derived from the relation of the
conquered to the conqueror under the law of
nations, unless you look to the relation of the
sovereign to unorganized territory under the
Constitution. In no event can it possibly exist
as against a State of the Union. But the ob-
jection to this reasoning is, that there is no truth
in the main proposition. The possession of this
right in the one ease does not involve the pos-
session in the other. The right to fix the con-
ditions of the military surrender devolved upon j
the President because lie was the military Com- I
mander-in-Chief, and what he did lay strictly ;
within the scope of his military duty. But the j
political surrender, if you please to call it such, !
is quite another thing, and lies just as certainly
without the scope of his military duty. j
It will not do, sir, to say that the rebels, hav- j
ing the power to choose, selected him as the
functionary to whom they would surrender, and .
thereby invested him, at their own option, with j
j functions not provided by the Constitution. J
' They surrendered to him, because there was no !|
other Commander-in-Chief to whom they could ti
surrender. And he accepted their surrender ,[
in the only capacity in which he could accept i j
it, in his military capacity. Neither they nor jj
he could transform the power which executes jl
the-laws into the power which makes them, any :j
more than they could invest the chief judicial ti
officer with the functions of law-maker or Com-
mander-in- Chief.
Now, if gentlemen shall appeal to the Amer-
ican people, or to this Congress, to ratify and
legalize particular measures of a heroic and
patriotic President, adopted in the exercise of
his^ discretion as a military commander and
civil ruler compelled to bear a burden of over-
whelming responsibility on an untrodden road,
to this appeal the.people and this Congress
will, I doubt not, respond with a generosity
which will go as near as stern justice and
plighted faith will permit to the extreme verge
of the Constitution. But when they appeal to
our grateful admiration for a man who stood
like a rock against the storms of treason on
the soil of Tennessee, and ask us, not to ratify
particular measures, but to admit them to have
been absolutely valid and constitutional in their
inception, and within his exclusive jurisdiction,
they ought to be able to lay their hands upon
that article of the Constitution which authorizes
the President to create and fill the office of civil
Governor of one of these States, which they
pronounce just as truly States of the Union
now as they were before the war ; on that arti-
cle which authorizes the Federal Executive to
brush aside a State government as a cobweb,
to summon a State constitutional convention, to
prescribe the qualifications of electors, to pre-
scribe the qualifications of members, to prescribe
requisites of the new constitutions, to prescribe
legislation for the new Legislatures. More than
that, sir, they ought to be able to show us the
very section and the very clause which transfer
such sacred and time-honored rights of States
as these to the Commander-in-Chiefof the Army
and N avy; the very section and the very clause
which invest him with such superhuman attri-
butes that South Carolina can lie at his feet,.a
conquest of war, and yet at the same instant
stand up before him ''as truly a State of tho
Union as she was before the rebellion."
Sir, nothing of this kind stands written in
the Constitution. Nor is there any truth in the
plea that all this has boon done, not in deroga-
tion but in aid of whatever of Stat e sovereignty
was left to South Carolina by the war. We
have not waged this war against an abstraction
called rebellion, but against living rebels. It
was the people of the South who filled the rebel
armies as officers and soldiers, who maintained
and directed the rebel State governments, who
provided means to carry on the war. They
have not been fighting on our side against their
own State governments and their own rebellion;
they have not, for four years, supplicated us for
deliverance from their own rebellion and rulers.
If these communities were indeed States of the
Union when the rebellion collapsed, "just as
truly as before the war," their governments
were just as truly State governments; for no
man can deny that they rested on whatever of
Sate rights and sovereignty remained to their
people. And granting that South Carolina re-
mained a State of the Union, she had the right
to choose and keep her Governor if she had
any rights at all: she had the right, if she had
any rights at all, to decide whether and when
she would have a new or an amended constitu-
tion ; what should be the qualifications of her
electors and of her constitution-makers ; what
should be the character of her new constitution
and of her State legislation, subject only to the
requirements of the Federal Constitution itself.
Sir, the man who asks us so to trample down
cardinal principles of our Constitution ought to
bear in mind that this will have to do, not
merely with the present but also with the future;
that the power which, by this subversion of the
constitutional barriers between the legislative
and executive branches of the Government, lie
would to-day put into the hands of a patriot,
may to-morrow fall into the hands of a traitor;
he ought to take heed lest the Democratic party,
a frozen, harmless copperhead to-day, warmed
to life to-morrow in his own bosom, sting to
death the nation which the President has done
so much to save.
llr. Chairman, there is a tide in the affairs of
nations, as of men, which, taken at the flood,
