666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
leads on to fortune. The Republic rocks~upon
a flood-tide now. It is for this Congress to seize
or lose a golden opportunity which centuries
may not bring back. And when liistorj shall
summon us to judgment, the attempt to shitfc
fbis burden of responsibility from our own to
the President's shoulders will meet the scorn
and execration which it merits.
For one I will attempt no such evasion of duty.
When the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ray-
mond] exhorted you to remember that they who
have fallen in this war on either side are the
nation's dead, and their courage and devotion
the priceless possession of the Republic; when
he sought thus to blind your eyes by tears shed
over rebel graves to the enormity of the crime
he would have you perpetrate upon the name
liud race of my black comrades in arms, who
have died that this nation might live, 1 felt again
something of the pain with which I heard that a
Federal officer had drunk wine with the butcher
of Fort Pillow, while his hands yet dripped with
thC'bloodoflnsvietims. I, too, believe in broth-
erly love: but it is in that brotherly love which
is radiant in the light of God's justice, not in
that which, turning its back 011 loyal whites and
loyal blacks, weeps with living oppression over
the grave of dead treason. J' The nation's dead!"
Ay, sir, dead patriots and dead traitors. If the
distinction between loyalty and treason has so
soon disappeared in the quicksands of our con-
sciences, it nevertheless stands written in tire
on millions of bereaved loyal hearts in this Re-
public. No such sentimentality as this shall
serve as mv pretext for delivering over the loyal
whites of the South to the torments of burned
treason, or for breaking the nation's faith
plighted to the t'reedmen. -Never, through my
vote, shall rebels have any power either to pay
the debt incurred m the attempt to destroy the
Kepublie, or to repudiate the debt incurred in
its salvation. Never, with my consent, shall
one bloody-minded, bloodv-lumded traitor of
South Carolina have greater power 011 this floor
than three bullet-iidden patriots of \Vir,conMn.
More than that, sir : never, with my consent,
shall another Representative from South Car-
olina enter this Hall until her black patriots
shall be equal at the ballot-box to her white
traitors.
Mr. 11 UBRHljL, of Oliiu, obtained the floor.
And then, 011 motion of Mr. IvKLLKY, (at
fifteen minutes alter ten o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SliNATK.
Thcrsdav, Fcbnuuy 1, 1800.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Kev. 1*1. 11. Cray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
eKTrTKlXfi AMI MHMO'.itALS.
The PIt lv>11) I4' \ i jii'o li'wpuri1. The Chair
has jeeeived and been r^qurNtod to present to
t'u. Senate the memorial of Uillium A. Jiuelc-
inghain and diiers other prominent eili.-.ens of
jNorvvieh, iu the State of tConnectieut. a^kiiej
for an approp! iatiou for the improvement of
the river Thames; also, 11 communication from
his liveelleucy the Governor of the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, awl another from his
Excellency the Governor of the State of New
Hampshire, commending the subject to the
favorable consideration of Congress. These
papers arc very brief, and the subject is one of
great importance, nor merely to the people in
the locality, but to the adjacent States, and the
Chair would therefore ask the permis.v'ou of the
Senate that theoc papers may be pntii.ed and
referred to the Committee on Common e. If
there be 110 objection that order will be entered.
It is so ordered.
ilr. JUIOW presented a memorial of the
common council of the city of St. 1 ,ouis, the
county court ol St. Louis county, and the Union
Merchants' Rxehango, of the city of St. Louis,
pravinpr that Congress will grant the necessary
authority to the citizens of St. Louis and to the
citizensoi tSie .Stateol Illinois to construct and
maintain a bridge over the Mississippi river at
that point; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post lioads.
Mr. WILLEY. I present the petition Of Mrs.
Mary E. Twiford, setting forth that through her
instrumentality—and the accompanying papers
seem to establish the fact—the capture of Nor-
folk took place by her signaling our fleet, and
that, in consequence of that manifestation of her
loyalty, her house with all she had was burned
up. She offers her memorial setting forth these
facts, with the accompanying; papers proving
the allegations in the memorial to that effect,
and asking for relief either for the property she
lost in consequence of that act, or for compen-
sation for the services rendered by her to the
United States. I move the reference of the
.papers to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a petition
of settlers on the absentee Shawnee lands of
Kansas, praying that they may be allowed to
purchase those lands at SI 25 per acre; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
REl'ORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. "WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to wlaom was referred a bill (S. No. 32)
to prevent the absence of territorial officers
from their oflicial duties, reported it without
jamendm ent.
* He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 11:1) in relation to
public highways, reported it without amend-
ment.
ilr. POMEEOY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a memorial
of a committee appointed at a meeting of the
National Normal School Association, held at
Hnrrisburg, August 1"), 1 praying for a grant
of public lands to establish normal schools in
each of the States, have had the same under
consideration, and deeming legislation on the
subject inexpedient, ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
COLUMBIA AND Wt LLAMETTJ! UIYlIRh.
Mr. NESMITIL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
J'< ->Jv'/, Thnt t!io Committee on Commerce be di-
rected to inquire into ttie expediency of iiuikinf,' an
impropriation for the improvement ol" (he navigation
of ih('Columbia ami Willamette rivers, ami report by
bill 01 otherwise.
COXSTT'lTTIONAL OCAI1AXTKKS.
Mr. l)lt()\VNr submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed (o :
/iVs-o'tvf, Tluit the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion bo direetc<t to inquire into the expediency of
amending (.In- Const it ution of (he United h>tato so a?
to dc< Lire wilh urcnlcr eei i;nniy the power of C011-
f*ro's to onlorce ;utd dctei mill'' by appiopriato legis-
hit ion all t iic'ii.ti .utliv-v contained in i ii;i f in-t i a men t,
:ind mot*" e^pC'-miiy, first, ihaf which reoit0*the peo-
ple, w 1 i boal <li Un'Miidmry ! hem i.n color or 1 .'.ce, as
•who :n e loehoo^i' liepre-cnttilive^; second, that
'1 si •..lire.-, the c<i !,'eiw oi <\u !i Si.! («• ;i li pvni iocre-;
mmu m! ir. of oil i/,c;is in I Sies-evei al Si a! os: tin I'd,
which < ni'-i;'- upon the llniied St;iic- the iumr-
anl I oevei \ I^iate in the Uniuu of aiepublkan i'ouu
of gov eminent.
JUHlsmnMON OF i:>. ITED STATES C0(J!lTS.
Mr. POLAMD submitted the following res-
olution: which was considered by unanimous
eon.M ni. and agreed to :
/iVWjv <1, Tlnit the Committee on the Judiciary he
divoided to inquire to the expediency and consli-
tnt lona hty oi' extending the ini indict ion of the courts
ot the United M.ites ovei :i 11 suits brought ncrainst
ii.sy per. on for actsduncundortho authority or in aid
of the military foreo of the United Sf Ucs, and also of
a LI suits hioivrht auain^t any person lor any act done
under the authority ui in a,id ol the M)-ealled confed-
er-ite Shoes, and leporthy hill or otherwise.
APi'Oiii'iON-HnxT ot' njiPiirsi^vrATiox.
Mr. PESSENDEX. I ask permission ofthe
Senate to say a word by -way of giving infor-
mation to the body, •which 1 think it may be
advisable to give. I was obliged to leave the
Seriate yesterday at a somewhat, early hour on
account of the fact that I was quite unwell. I
understand that afterward a joint resolution
was received from the House of Representa-
tives and is now upon the table, proposing an
tli<
jnm
th.it
amendment to the Constitution—a resolution
reported from a joint committee upon which the
Senate has placed me. I am not in a condidoii
to ask the Seriate to proceed with it to-day, even
if X* deemed it advisable to press its consid-
eration now. On reflection, that inasmuch
as my friend from Illinois [Mr. Tkumbull]
has under consideration an important, bill with
which he wishes to proceed, i have thought it
advisable to defer it a day or two, and to say to
the Senate that if nothing occui^s to render that
course unwise I shall ask them to take up the
joint resolution on Monday morning and pro-
ceed with its consideration. I hope that then
the Senate will be willing to consider it and to
continue its consideration until itshall be finally
acted upon. It is proper that it should be taken
up and acted upon soon, because man}' of the
State Legislatures are now in session, and if it
is to pass, it is desirable to send it to them be-
fore many days shall have elapsed.
MESSAGE ITvOJI TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Pepreseiifatives had passed
a bill (H. U. No. 204) to regulate the register-
ing of vessels; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
MILITARY TRIAL OF DAVIS AND CLAY.
Mr. HOWARD. If there be nothing press-
ing before the Senate this morning, I move to
take up the resolution that I submitted some
time since in reference to the trial of Jefferson
Davis.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Howard 011 the 10th of Jan-
uiuy:
"Whereas by the report of the Secretary of War to
the Piesident, dated January 4, instant, it appears
that Jefferson Davis, late president of the so-callcd
confederate States, is now held in custody, charged
with the ciimes of having incited the assignation of
Abraham Lincoln. President ofthe United States, ;md
with the murder of soldiers of the United States held
as prisoners of war during the rebellion, and other
cruel and barbarous practices, in violation oftlio rules
and usages of civilized warfare; and whereas by the
same report it appears that Clement 0. Clay is also
held in custody, charged with complicity in haid assas-
sination, and with organizing bands of pirates, rob-
bers, and murderers in Canada, to burn thooiticsand
1 avagc the commerce and counts ol the United States
on tiie .British frontier, in violation of the same rules
and images: Therefore.
Jlesuh-eM biithc Seiiatr^'diQ llonwoi' ilcpresentaf ivos
concurring,1 That it be respecti'ullv rc< ominended to
the President that haid Jefferson Davis and Clement
C. Clay be, without unncce^my delay, tried by amil-
itaiy commission upon said charges.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer an amendment to.
the resolution to come in at its close:
Or such other crimes in violation of the usages of
wai as nmy be preferred against them or others act-
ing in concert with them.
The RUES] DENT/jro tempore. Those words
will be added Ui the Senator's 1 e.-^olutioiT, as it
is his own resolution, audit is within hio power
to modify it.
Mr. HOWA UD. Mr. President, on the "2Ut
of December last, I submitted to the Senate a
resolution of inquiry respecting Jefferson Davis,
in which the President of the t'niied States
was requested to inform the Senate upon wha$
chargcs and for what reasons he was held in
confinement, and why he had not been put upon
his trial. In answer (o this resolution of the
Senate, the President sent to us in a brief mes-
sage two statements, the one being a commu-
nication from the Secietarv of War, dated the
4th of January, and the other emanating from
the Attorney General of the United States of
the same date. In the former communication
the Secretary of War informs the President—
"1. That Jefferson Davis was captured by United
Slates hoops in the Slate of Geoigia, 011 or about the
10th dny of May, 1^(55, and by order of^his Depart-
ment has been, and now is, confined m Fortress Mon-
roe. to abide such action may be taken by the
proper authorities of the United States Government.
"2. That he has not been arraigned upon any indict-
ment or formal charge of crime, but has been in-
dicted for the crime of high treason by the grand jury
of the District of Columbia, which indictment is now
pending in the supreme court of said District, xle is
also charged with the crime of inciting the assassina-
tion of Abraham Lincoln, and with the xnurder ol
