IjO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 6,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. BavMmry.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
of battle skulked and hid and robbed the Treas-
ury, and cried "copperhead" and "traitor"
against others.
I call your attention to this principle of law
as applicable to the great mass of the southern
people, and ask you, sir, if that be their legal
status and real condition, whether your pro-
posed legislation, even had you the constitu-
tional authority to justify it in the absence from
this Chamber of their representatives, is just
and right, and whether those persons should
be excluded .from a participation in the Gov-
ernment or their representation in it diminished
simply because they have yielded obedience to
a power that they could not resist and a power
against whose commands you could not protect
them? "Why, Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] the
other day, in that very able and exhaustive
speech which he made on this subject, a speech
which would do credit to any American states-
man that this Government has ever produced,
showed you that the number of people in these
southern States who were really anxious for
disunion was comparatively small, and yet, al-
though there were comparatively few who really
desired the breaking up of the Union and who
took steps to do it, your legislation proposes
to deprive the whole mass of a constitutional
right by a poor, miserable effort to amend the
Constitution in the absence of everybody that
is to be affected by it.
Now, suppose your constitutional amend-
ment passes. If it passes, it ought to meet
with the respect of somebody. If this consti-
tutional amendment shall be presented to the
States who are now represented in Congress
and shall be adopted by simply three fourths
of those States, is there anybody that will have
the least respect for it? Then suppose you
could go with the bayonet, which I think now
under the brighter dawn of a better day which
we begin to realize you are not going to have
the liberty to do ; suppose you were to go with
the bayonet and present it to the other eleven
States, and they, acting under duress, not as
free agents and as free men, could get some
people in their section so miserable and poor
in spirit and craven in soul as to vote to adopt
in their Legislatures such an amendment, would
it command the respect of anybody in this
land? Not at all. Open your doors, sir; ad-
mit the representatives of the southern States
to seats in this body; require no miserable de-
grading oath of them ; administer to them the
very oath that you first took when you entered
this body, and the only oath that the Constitu-
tion oi the United States requires, and the only
oath which Congress has any right to exact, an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States ; and then if you think your Constitution
is defective, if you think it needs further amend-
ment, or if you have not sufficiently exhausted
your bowels of mercy and love and kindness
tow ardyour sable friendswhose shadows darken
this gallery every day, submit your amendments
to the States represented in the Congress of the
nitecl States; and if they choose, acting freely
as citizens of their States, to agree to your
amendments, it will command the respect of
themselves^ but, still it will not command mine.
I should despise a people who would volunta-
rily assume so degrading a position.
Mr. President, I will continue these desultory
remarks for a moment longer, because another
idea suggests itself to my mind, and because,
perhaps, I shall present a view which I know
will not be recognized by gentlemen on the
other side, but which I never have had any
doubt of since the commencement of this war.
ou said and this is not a new point, but we
keep ringing it in your ears—you said directly
after the inception of this war, that it was pros-
ecuted for certain purposes, not for the destruc-
tion of any institutions or rights of the States,
but to restore the Union with all the rights of
the States unimpaired. I have looked carefully
through the Constitution to see whore it is that
you get the right to make war upon a State. I
can see no such right arising under any pro-
vision of the Constitution; but still I do see
where the Federal Government has a right to
resort to force to put down opposition to its
constitutional authority. If I held the views
which I have read to you from Mr. Kawle, 1
could not admit the right in this Government
tp exercise force within a State except to put
down insurrection or rebellion, or to suppress
domestic violence, which are nothing but the
operations of unorganized men, not the opera-
tions of political communities. But, sir, ad-
mitting the right in the Federal Government to
use force to put down, if you please, the unan-
imous opposition of the people of a State to
remaining in the Federal Union, what is the
basis of your authority? From what source is
it derived?
Why, Mr. President, if this had only been
a league between the States, or the simplest
kind of confederation, it has been held, I be-
lieve, by all writers that the violation of a
league or of a treaty as between independent
nations gives the right to resort to force. There
is another principle applicable to nations as
well as to individuals; it is this, that the great
overruling principle of self-preservation gives
the right to use force. Applying this prin-
ciple this war was treated in its earliest stages
as an insurrection and rebellion, and I believe
that the late President of the United States
never called it anything else than an insur-
rection. _ He may occasionally have called it
a rebellion. It was treated in this Chamber
as both an insurrection and rebellion. Here
lately, when it becomes necessary to declare
that these States are not entitled to represen-
tation in Congress, some persons who for-
merly adjudged it only to be an insurrection or
a rebellion find out that it was a great civil
war. The mistake they make is not in calling
it a great civil war, but in attempting to apply
to ^ a civil war between independent States,
united together for common purposes, under a
written constitution of government, the prin-
ciples applicable to wars among foreign Powers.
■Now, Mr. President, here is a point to which
I wish to call your attention and the attention
of the country. If you have any right to make
war to prevent a State seceding from the Union
and setting up an independent government,
you have that right only for the purpose of com-
pelling that State to live up to the contract that
she made when she entered the Union with you,
or because the exercise of that right is" ne-
cessary to your self-preservation. It gives you
no right of government over that State, to hold
it as your property, to appoint for it a territo-
rial government, or to limit or abridge its right
in any respect after the opposing forces shall
have been once subdued and peace shall have
been restored. Between political communities
there is no chosen umpire to decide. Each
decides for itself. This was the doctrine laid
down by the fathers, and the doctrine cited the
other day in the very able speech of the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
from the writings of Mr. Madison. The ju-
dicial powers of the United States only extend
to questions of law and equity arising under
the Constitution. While it is, therefore, com- <
petent to decide upon questions of law and i
equity between individuals, it has not the power
to decide great political questions unless vou
find that power delegated to it in the Constitu-
tion, Then, sir, I liken this case of a contro-
versy between one portion of the States adher-
ing to the Federal Government, and another por-
tion of the States attempting to throw off their
obligation to that Federal Government, to the
case of a contract between individuals. ' There
is no common arbiter to decide between those
States. If it was a case in chancery between
individuals, one party to the contract filing Iris
mil of complaint, showing that he had faith-
fully performed hi* part of the agreement, might
ask for a specific performance of that contract I
as against the defaulting party, and he might
have a decree for the specific performance of
that contract, but the chancellor could not in-
terpolate anything in that contract. It must
be performed according to its terms. So among
the States of this Union, if a controversy arises,
as has arisen, the great chancellor or umpire
to which an appeal is made is war. The same
principle is applicable to a controversy of that
kind, and in a tribunal of that kind, as is ap-
plicable to the civil case to which I have re-
ferred, in equity. Then your right to wage war
was simply to compel the southern States to
remain in the Union upon the terms that they
agreed to live in the union with you.
The principle, then, for which I contend is
this: that when once the military power of the
so-called confederate States has been put down;
when there is no further resistance to the right-
ful exercise of the Federal authority, they are
in the Union with all the constitutional rights
of States in the Union just as fully and com-
pletely as if they had never attempted to secede.
During the war honorable members of this
body contended, just as inflexibly as I did. that
those States had no right to go out of the Union.
You all said they could not go out of the Union.
You all said they should not go out of the Union.
A bloody war was waged forfour years to decide
that issue; and after it is decided by the wager
of battle, andpeace reigns throughout the whole
land; when you find the people of those eleven
States not only anxious to live in peace with
you and to resume their relations with the
Federal Government, but so submissive that
when they are told by telegraph to make an
amendment to their constitution they do it;
when you find the people throughout the whole
of those States manifesting such an anxious
desire to get back to their father's house, and
to live in friendship -and kindness with the
other members of the family, you turn around
and say no. You preach now practically what
they asserted in the commencement of this
controversy. They said they had gone out,
and you said they had not. They said they
would stay out, and you said they should not.
And now, when they have shown that they could
not get out, and vvhen they are in the old house,
you lock up eleven rooms of the thirty-six, and
tell them they shall not at present abide in the
house ; that they shall not come to the common
table; they shall not participate in any of the
advantages and blessings of the Government ;
but if they will do something else, something
which they are under no obligation to do. and
which would be destructive to their interests
to do, then thev may come here with their rep-
resentatives. What is that? "You have got
some four million people down there that yon
have neverthought entitled to exercise the right
of voting; give them that power and come
back." You attempt to do by indirection what
you must know you cannot do direct! v: for you
must know that there is not one of those eleven
States in whose sons there is a particle of man-
hood that will ever submit to this amendment.
Let them live in peace; that thev ought to do.
Let them obey the Federal law: that they ought
to do. _ And if they be denied this rightof repre-
sentation, and are still taxed, let them be pat ient
and learn to wait, for a brighter day is dawn-
ing. At the head of this nation to-day there is
a man whose patriotism you never doubted in
the darkest hour of the country's troubles, who
has placed himself fairly and squarely upon tho
great republican doctrine of representation ae-
eordmgto population, and of the rijjht of each
and every State to decide for itself who shall,
or who shall not. exercise theeleciive franchise
within its borders.
1 have alluded to the fact that the present
Executive has planted himself upon this great
doctrine. 1 am not of his party. I did not
vote for him. If there is any difficulty in the
Kcpubhean party : if there is distraction if.
I heir councils, and divisions between them and
(he hxccutive, 1 have aright, without being of
