3550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 79) to authorize the purchase,
for the Library of Congress, of the law library
of James L. Pettigru, of South Carolina. _
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the joint
resolution by striking out, in the fourth line,
the words " contract with the heirs" and in-
sert "purchase the law library belonging to
the estate," and in the fifth and sixth lines,
to strike out the words "transfer of the law
library left by the said Pettigru to'' and insert
"use of;" so as to make the resolution read:
That the Joint Committee on the Library be, and
they are hereby authorized, to purchase the law
library belonging to the estate of the late James
Louis Pettigru for the use of the Library of Congress,
and the sum of $5,000 is hereby appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to carry into effect the purpose of this reso-
lution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the resolu-
tion further by adding to it the words " to be
paid only to the use of the widow of the said
Pettigru."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I have hesitated to recaijfche
attention of the Senate to this resolution. The
threatening attitude of the Senate on a former
occasion led mo to feel that the Committee on
the Library might have made a mistake in rec-
ommmending the passage of the resolution;
but, however that may be, the resolution is
here. It must be adopted or rejected, and the
world must know it. I am sure the Senate
cannot afford to put such a slight upon the
memory of Judge Pettigru as to reject it.
I shall attempt no eulogy upon James L. Pet-
tigru, but 1 would like, if it were possible, to
rescue him from the weight of the encomium
bestowed upon him by the Senator from Maine,
who said or him that, notwithstanding he had
adhered firmly and resolutely to the cause of the
Union, after all. he had done only his duty. I
admit that Pettigru did no more than his duty.
Who was there on the side of the Republic, in
that season of darkened counsel, who did do
more than his duty? The voice of the first mag-
istrate was heard proclaiming that, although it
was a pity the nation should perish, yet the na-
tion was helpless to save itself. The voice of the
loyal Democracy was heard exclaiming, " We
told you the election of a sectional President
would dissolve the Union, and now you see the
Union is dissolved." The voice of loyal Ken-
tucky was heard protesting that she would be
neutral between the friends and the enemies of
the nation. The voice of loyal Maryland was
heard beseeching the President to march the
troops of the Republic around her metropolis
lest the sight of the flag should disturb the peace
of the city. The voice of loyal republicanism
could not be heard at all; at least, above a
whisper. A Senator on this floor, and subject
to your control, taunted you that your flag had
been fired upon in the harbor of Charleston,
and that you dared not resent it. He said, in
his place that he owed no allegiance to the
Government whose Senator he was and upon
whose pay he lived. When you hesitated upon
an order to clear the galleries for some indec-
orous demonstration, he told you, from his
place, that you would be lucky if the galleries
did not soon turn you out; and when for those
offenses it was proposed to expel him the Sen-
ate refused.
But while we, panoplied us we were in the
authority of the nation, crouched thus under
the responsibilities of the hour, there was in
the city of Charleston one man, already more
than seventy years of age, animated by no pan
tisan love or partisan hate, for he had long
ceased to belong to any party; fired by no
ambitious hope, for he never had one; a cit-
izen clothed with no authority whatever and
armed with no power whatever, stood up alone,
with the prerogatives of a traitor State frown-
ing upon him in a thousand forms, and heard
threatened admonition thundering at him from
five hundred thousand throats, and with judg-
ment undimmed by all the sophistry and spirit
inlawed by allthe terror which surrounded him,
and giving utterance to no impulse excited by
the fervor of the hour, but speaking freely the
convictions of his whole life, he said the na-
tional authority must be obeyed, the national
Union must be preserved, and the troops of
the Republic must replant its ensign through-
out all its borders. I say these were the con-
victions of his lifetime, for he was not truer
or braver or more self-sacrificing in 1861 than
in 1851. In 1851 he was called upon to demon-
strate his love for the Union. The evidence
of that I wish to lay before the Senate in the
shape of a letter from Millard Fillmore, who
was then President of the United States. It is
very brief, and it bears this testimony:
"Your favor of the 27th ultimo making inquiries
as to the eireumstanoes which led to the appointment
of Mr. J. L. Pettigru to the office of district attor-
ney for South Carolina during my administration,
came duly to hand; but a domestic affliction which
has engrossed my time and thoughts has prevented
an earlier reply.
" This event occurred some twelve or thirteen years
since, amid the anxious cares of perplexing and
pressing official duties, and I cannot be certain that
my memory will enable me to give the circumstances
correctly, and I regret to find, on looking at my let-
ters and letter-books, that I have but one of Mr.
Pettigru's letters to me, (the rest probably on file in
the Department,) and a copy of but one of mine to
him, of both which I inclose you copies.
"But according to the best of my recollection the
district attorney of South Carolina resigned about
the time I came into office, and knowing Mr. Petti-
gru by reputation, I tendered to him the office which
he declined, but recommended another man whom
I appointed but he declined or resigned, and after
considerable inquiry no man was found who had the
moral courage to accept the appointment, so strong
was public sentiment against my administration and
the Union. I then made a personal appeal to Mr,
Pettigru, insisting that I must have a district attor-
ney, for in the then feverish state of the country no
one could tell how soon the services of such an offi-
cer would be indispensable to the administration of
justice and the maintenance of law and order; and
I urged him from patriotic motives to waive his ob-
jections, and submit to the sacrifice for the good of
the country, and as an act of personal friendship to
me; and on this appeal he reluctantly consented to
take the office, and was appointed and held the office
during my administration.
"I regarded it then and do now as an act of moral
heroism such as very few men are capable of per-
forming, and which justly entitled him to my thanks
and the gratitude of his country.
"He was, indeed, a truly noblo man, and we shall
scarcely look upon his like again."
"'Tis for this we givo him honor,
That he ranked among the few
Who, amid the reign of error,
Dared sublimely to bo true."
In great crises like that which tried Pettigru
no man ever does more than his duty. It is only
the very highest type of manhood that achieves
so much. Jesus, himself, when He went stag-
gering under the weight of His cross to Calvary
and died upon it, only did His duty. He did
His duty, it is true, as became a God; and Pet-
tigru did his as only the noblest of men can do it.
You have yonder the likeness of John Han-
cock, chisseled in marble. It cost the nation
$0,000. What did John Hancock ever do to
earn this distinguished tribute to his merits?
When did Hancock ever do more thanliisduty?
Sir, I shall not seek to strip Hancock of his
laurels to make a wreath for Pettigru. The
Republic has accepted John Hancock for one
of its deities. Until the Republic has grown
beyond its present stature I think he will an-
swer for that purpose. But until the Republic
has thus grown it will not comprehend Petti-
gru. I undertake to say there was patriotism
enough in Pettigru at seventy to endow a bri-
gade of Hancocks even at thirty-five. The lat-
ter was but little more than thirty years of age
when lie first came in collision with the Crown,
and when his vessel was seized by its author-
ity. I shall not stop to inquire how much of
his devotion to the cause of the colonies was
fairly attributable to his love of colonial lib-
erty, or how much to his love for the schooner
Liberty. But Hancock did not stand alone.
He was buoyed up by all that was chivalric in
thirteen colonies. He was a chieftain among
them. The eyes of the world were upon him.
A great party in England encouragcd him. The
honors to be won in giving life to a new nation
lured him on. Under such circumstances one
would be afraid to be a coward. Nevertheless
you have done well to applaud his courage.
In another hall you have a statue of Frank-
lin. I believe_ the greatest of his achievements
were iu drawing lightning from a cloud and
kissing the Queen of France. I am not pre--
pared to admit that either of these exploits
was beyond the reach of the genius of Judge
Pettigru.
On a hill near Boston a granite column
springs up two hundred and twenty-one feet
from the earth. What excellence was exhib-
ited on Bunker Hill save that of courage and
constancy ? But there was not more of courage
or constancy displayed on Bunker Hill than in-
spired Pettigru with every breath he drew. One
who knew him best and knew him longest has
said that he "never knew a single person who
came so near being an institution in himself."
But you are not asked to build monuments
to the memory of Pettigru. If I could admin-
ister the wealth of the nation I would make
the commons of that rebellious city in which
he died groan under the weight of granite piled
up in honor of his fidelity. You are not asked
even to engrave his likeness upon marble. But
he left some books. The study of them had
made him what he was. He left a widow. His
unselfish expenditure of his earnings while he
lived had left her destitute.
It was said the other day that all his children
did not partake the sentiment of loyalty which
animated him. I learn that is so. The fathers
are few and are deemed fortunate who, possess-
ing great excellence themselves, succeed in im-
pressing it upon all their offspring. But he had
one daughter who did inherit all his love of
and fidelity to his country; one who loved him
as Margaret Moore loved the great Chancellor
of Henry VIII, and who was as proud of her
father's constancy as Margaret was of hers. She
was driven from his side, and in 1861 found her
way, alone, through the lines of two hostile ar-
mies and sought shelterin the city of New York.
It seems the desire possessed her that the books
which her father left should be owned by the
country which he loved so well, and that their
proceeds should be applied to making tolerable
the last days of the widow he left.
If it be said the idea does not become a Sen-
ator and a statesman, I am sure it eminently
becomes a woman and a daughter. Through
you, sir, that desire of hers was communicated
to the committee, whose chairman I am, and
through that committee this desire is made
known to the Senate. I hope the Senate will
be induced to gratify it. It has been said that
we do not want the books. If that be said in
the sense thatwe can do without them, I admit
it. If it be said as intimating that we have no
use for them, I deny it. We have a use for
them. It is said we could get the books cheaper.
Upon somecarefulinquiry lam inclined to think
that is true. I am afraid we have not proposed
the best bargain that was within our reach. I
am inclined to think that if we had ransacked
the second-hand book-stalls we might have ob-
tained an equal number of books and of the
same character for less money. But being a
little anxious to show thatwe had some regard
for the former owner of these books we did
not think the best way to do it was to attempt
to cheat his widow, and therefore we thought
it well to pay what the books were worth to the
country.
It is said the Treasury is poor. Let that be
admitted. After all we have a great many
things we could better spare, I think, than to
refuse such a tribute as is asked for in this
resolution. If the Treasury is absolutely too
poor to enable us to pay for these books, let
us sell the statue of Hancock and pay for them;
let us sell the picture that we have recently
bargained for at a cost of $25,000 to illustrate
the art of the Republic ; let us sell the bronze
doors which open the way to the other House
of Congress ; let us work out by the day; let
us do anything rather than advertise to the ene-
mies amomg whom Pettigru died that the loy-
alty which so distinguished him is hold so cheap
by us. I hope the Senate will not issue that
advertisement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The closing remark of
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, I think,
