2590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Maine, who lias charge of the bill on behalf
of the committee, will change the form of his
motion and move first to strike out so as to
simplify the matter, in order that we may vote
separately on the propositions.
Mr. JOHNSON. As 1 understand the ruling
of the Chair, the amendment proposed is one
that cannot be divided ; but if it shall be voted
down we can then move to strike out the clause
as it stands in the bill. Before the vote is
taken I beg leave to add another remark or
two to those which I submitted yesterday to the
Senate against this amendment.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner.] yesterday, said, in regard to
the burden of proof, or the onus probandi, as
it is classically termed—my friend from Maine
does not like the classic language, [laughter]—
that it was a very common thing in court that
the onus probandi or burden of proof is changed
from one to the other of the 'litigants as the
case may progress. That is all true ; but how
is it dono in a civil suit? It is left by the court
to the jury to say that if they believe that the
fact was so and so, then it is for the other side
to satisfy them that notwithstanding this fact
the plaintiff is not entitled to recover, or what-
ever the effect may be. Now, what is the
effect of this amendment? I am not bringing
now the arts of the practicing lawyer, which
my friend from Massachusetts seems to sup-
pose I am always resorting to.
Mr. SUJINEIi. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON. He does me great injus-
tice in any such supposition. If I have any of
the arts belonging to the practicing lawyer, I
do not bring them into this forum knowingly;
and let me say that if my friend from Massa-
chusetts had been at the bar as long as 1 have
been, I think, perhaps, some of his speeches
would be, as far as the law is concerned, a little
moio sound than they are. [Laughter.]
The effect of this amendment is to take from
the jury the finding of the fact. If this section
passes as it is, instead of telling the jury that
if they believe that the goods were imported
contrary to law, and if they believe that the
defendant, if lie is prosecuted, as having bought
goods, or being in possession of goods illegally
imported, really bought the goods in fact, or
was found in possession of the goods, then they
must convict unless lie shall be able to account
for his purchase or possession; instead of leav-
ing it to the jury to find the fact that the goods
were imported illegally, and that if imported
illegally they came into the possession of the
defendant against whom the prosecution is in-
stituted, it leaves it to the court to say, as I
understand it, that the case as it stands upon
the proof is one in which in point of law there
must be a conviction unless the defendant can
absolve himself from the supposed prima facie
evidence of the facts offered on the part of the
Government. It is, therefore, in my judgment
to deprive a parly charged in a criminal prose-
cution of the security which the common law
gives and which the Constitution of the United
States expressly gives, of having the offense
with which he may be charged passed upon by
a jury ; and of the right he has to have all the
facts passed upon by the jury, to have the evi-
dence offered on the part of the Government
as well as the evidence offered on the part of
the traverser or accused heard by the jury. If
this means anything it means to say that im-
portation illegal in fact and possession in fact
is to be considered as possession with a knowl-
edge oi the illegal importation, unless the party
can clear himself of it by affirmative evidence ;
and the jury have nothing to do but to convict,
taking away from the jury the right to find
whether thofaetchargedexisted or not, whether
the importation was an illegal importation or
not, or whether the defendant was a purchaser
of the goods or found in possession ot the goods
thus illegally imported. Unless I am. grossly
mistaken, it very materially interferes with the
security which the Constitution gives to every
man charged with an offense, of having the
matter investigated by a jury.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Mary-
land reminds me that I do not bring to this
discussion the large professional experience
which we all know belongs to him. Sir, no-
body can regret that more than X do, nor am I
unwilling that the Senator should remind me
of it. I bring to the question nothing but an
honest judgment.
Mr. J OHNSON. I do not doubt that.
Mr. SUMNEE. I bring to the question
nothing but an honest judgment,_ with some
slight recollection of early p-ofessional study.
That is all I pretend to do. But bringing such
as I have to the discussion, the Senator from
Maryland will pardon me if I suggest to him
what it seems to mo are two mistakes on his
part on this occasion.
In the first place, he argues on this proposi-
tion as if we were to bring it to the test of
existing law. Now, bringing it to the test of
existing law, I am not going to argue that the
proposition could be sustained; but the ques-
tion is whether it is not in our power to declare
a new rulo applicable to this case to meet what
I said yesterday was the stringency that seemed
to be required, and there I differ with the
learned Senator. It does seem to me that it
is clearly within our province to lay down this
rule, and if it is within our province I think
that the exigency demands it; and therefore
the Senator will pardon me if I put aside ab-
solutely all liis ingenious argument, which is
founded on existing law, and which goes to
show that according to existing law this can-
not be done.
I put it all aside; but then I am not willing
to stop there. I remind the learned Senator—
and no one needs to be reminded of it less—■
that there is a whole class of legal presump-
tions, presumptions of law in contradistinction
to presumptions of fact, which when they occur
are considered the grounds of conclusion in a
ease. Certain facts appear; to those the court
apply not a conclusion merely of faet, but an
absolute conclusion of law, and that we call a
presumption of law. How often that occurs in
criminal proceedings; I will not go into details,
but the Senator will remember them, I dare
say, by the dozen, much more freshly than I
should. Sufliro.it to say they do occur; and
now, as I understand it, here is simply one
more presumption of law which it is proposed
to add to other presumptions of law.
The other mistake which it seems to me my
honorable friend fell into—I have mentioned
one—was one which we all know in the excel-
lence of his disposition and from long profes-
sional liabit he is disposed to fall into—that is,
to becomo the attorney general of criminals.
Ho falls into that character easily. In shert,
my learned friend seems to have a warm side
for criminals; and whenever any proposition
is brought forward which promises to give a
new restraint to crime, my learned friend finds
some objection; he receives the criminal on
his warm side; he embraces him and he resists
the statute. Now, I think he is under that
influence to-day. He resists this proposition
because if adopted it will be a new restraint
upon crimc, it will help to prevent smuggling,
and to that end certainly it will be a benefac-
tion to the. country.
Mr. HENDERSON. I certainly have no
desire to enter into the discussion of the legal
question that has grown up between the two
Senators. I desire simply to regulate my own
vote on this subject, and 1 should like to make
an inquiry of the Senator having charge of the
bill, in order to ascertain the extent of this
provision and what is the meaning of it; for I
really do not understand it. The first part of
the section provides for the punishment of a
person who "shall fraudulently or knowingly
import or bring into the United States, or
assist in so doing, any goods, waves, or mer-
chandise contrary to law, or shall receive, con-
ceal, buy, sell, or in any manner facilitate the
transportation, concealment, or sale of such
goods, wares, or merchandise, after their im-
portation, knowing the same to have been
imported contrary to law."
The Senate will see that the first clause pro-
vides that before the -party can be guilty he
shall fraudulently or knowingly import or as-
sist in the importation of goods against the
law, that is, with a design not to pay custom
duties. The second clause of it applies to
those individuals who shall attempt to sell and
to assist in the transportation through the
country of goods that are thus fraudulently
brcjght in. The Senate will see that it re-
quires, first, a fraudulent knowledge of the
improper importation; and secondly, even if
he assists in receiving, buying, or selling the
goods, it must be with a knowledge that they
were imported contrary to law. Now, sup-
pose that a prosecution is lodged against an
individual thus situated. He has either im-
ported the goods into the country and failed
to pay the duties, or he has purchased the
goods after they are imported. What is neces-
sary to be established in order to produce a
conviction ? Is it not a knowledge of the fact?
Is it not necessary for the prosecution to show
that the party thus affected must have shown
of the violation of the law? Then it rests upon
the United States to establish guilt, to show a
guilty knowledge. There can be no question
about that fact; and the original bill it seems
provided that if the fa.pt itself were shown,
that is, if the party was found in the possession
of goods that had not paid duty, or if the party
had bought goods that had been thus imported,
whether he knew the fact of the illegal impor-
tation or not, guilty knowledge should be pre-
sumed. "The guilty knowledge of the defend-
ant, when convicted of the fact, shall in all
cases be presumed unless he or she prove the
contrary.''
I can understand that provision. That
will produce uniformity in the administration
of justice under this bill. When the fact is
once established against a part}' that he is
found in possession of goods fraudulently
brought by somebody, then guilty knowledge
is to be presumed against him. Where a party
has struck another with a deadly weapon, he is
presumed to have done it with the intention to
kill, because of the, fact that it is a deadly
weapon; and when once that fact is shown, the
presumption of law arises that the assault was
with intent to kill and malice is presumed from
the act itself, and it then devolves upon the
defendant to show facts that will exculpate
him; it devolves upon him then to remove the
presumption which would naturally arise from
the use of a deadly weapon. Now, the inten-
tion of the committee originally evidently was
that if goods were imported and the duty not
paid, the party who is in possession of the
goods is to be presumed in a prosecution to
have had guilty knowledge of the fact of illegal
importation.
Mr. MORRILL. Not merely possession,
but possession surrounded by such circum-
stances as in the opinion of the court to lead
to such an inference.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is the difficulty.
If the Senator will provide some fact which
being established the presumption of guilt will
arise unless the defendant can exculpate him-
self, I will vote for it; but I cannot vote for
the amendment as it now stands—"and the
burden of proof shall lie upon the defendant
where probable cause is shown for such prose-
cution."
Take a case. A man is prosecuted and it
is shown that he commanded a vessel which
brought goods into this country. Am I to
understand, as would seem to be inferred in
the argument of the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] yesterday, that he commanding the
vess'cl is to be supposed to be guilty when the
fact is once established that the goods came
in his vessel ? Or is it his duty to land the
goods and to let the revenue officers attend to
that matter, or must he know that the goods
have paid duty?
In one part of the United States it may be
supposed that the court in trying the party under
circumstances of this sort will say that the mere
fact of the delivery of goods by the master of
the vessel and the non-payment of duties on
