1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
If such things be, how long shall we continue
to maintain that "steady temper" which.
" Can look on guilt, rebellion, fraud, and Cajsar,
In the calm lights of mild philosophy?"
Little did our brave heroes who lay iu the
bloody trenches before Petersburg or stood
upon "the perilous edge of battle" amidst the
tenible carnage dealt out from rebel hosts
dream that in a few short months rebel leaders
were to stand at the doors of Congress claiming
their seats to take part in the government of
the nation. We owe it to the memory of the
dead and the honor of the living heroes who
have saved the nation, to the enormous sacri-
fices which a loyal and devoted people have
offered up so freely in our peril, that at least,
if the Government, shall "like a painted Jove
keep idle thunder in its lifted hand" and let
traitors go "unwhipped of justice," we should
hold them back from coming again so near as
to endanger our future peace.
What muniments, then, shall be erected to
drive back the threatening danger to the dis-
turbance of our future peace? It is urged that
loyal Representatives shouldbe admitted where
ever found. This would be a mere recognition
of loyalty by itself, and not reconstruction or
reorganization. We are dealing with States,
not scattered individuals. As States they went
into rebellion; as States we seek to reorganize
their government; to States the Constitution
requires the guarantee enforced of republican
forms of government; by States the apportion-
ment of Representatives is made, and it is only
as States they are to be restored to their nor-
mal relations to the Federal Union. The ad-
mission of a Representative here and there who
happens to be personally loyal does not touch
the great point of controversy at all. Besides,
oven if a Representative elected may prove to
bo loyal, the constituency behind him may be
utterly rebellious and disloyal. It is with the
people of those States wo must deal when we
come to final adjustment of the question.
Suppose we should adopt the plan of admit-
ting Representatives solely on the ground of
their personal loyalty, and should in the case
of a given Stale, say Tennessee, admit all the
■Representatives from that State. Suppose that
at the next congressional election every one of
these gentlemen were defeated at the polls, and
in their places rank, notorious traitors wore
elected, not one of whom could take the oath
nor even intended to. We necessarily could
not, admit them, and the State of Tennessee
again would stand where she does now, out of
nounal relation to the Union. What progress
has been made toward restoration iu such a
case? On the contrary, is not the last condi-
tion of that State worse than the hist? By this
course of proceeding we should by that time
have crushed out the germs of loyalty which
by nurture and protection from the General
Government and by a more radical policy might
have gathered sufficient strength to make suc-
cessful resistance io the enemies of the Gov-
ernment, while the latter would become defiant
and strong, and be 111 a condition to successfully
thwart all the beneficent designs of the Govern-
ment to establish social order on the basis of
freedom, protection, and equality of rights.
Already, even in this very State of Tennessee,
which has drawn so largely upon the sympathy
of the American people and of this House, on
account of the devoted loyalty of some of their
people through perils and sacrifices and perse-
cution which have canonized them in the popu-
lar heart—as martyrs to the sacred cause of
liberty, we are told by Governor Brownlow,
only two weeks since, that a few days before
the date of his letter—
"The election of county officers took place through-
out the State, such as clerks,sheriff, justices, trustees,
and tax collectors, and in Middle and West Tennes-
see the rebels have made a clean sweep, turning the
union men out and electing their own candidates,
who electioneered for office on the ground that they
were rebels, and had either served in the rebel army
or ill some other capacity had given their influence
to tiie cause of treason and traitors."
Another plan is, in general statement, to ex-
act or impose "irreversible guarantees" for
the rights of the freedmen; to repudiate the
rebel d<jbt and maintain true allegiance to the
Federal Government. How shall these guar-
antees be obtained? Is it to be by acts of State
Legislatures, and by amendments to State con-
stitutions? How can we make such sort of
guarantees irreversible? Any subsequent Le-
gislature or convention may at their pleasure
abrogate them. If wo propose to put them in
the Constitution of the United States how will
we get them there? If these States are part
of the Union their voice is needed to make up
the requisite three fourths of the States before
your guarantees can be ingrafted in the funda-
mental law. Will they readily put manacles
upon their own hands? If they are to |)e con-
sidered out of the Union and not to be counted,
they will then claim they are not bound by
enactments which they had no part in creating.
But, apart from this view of the subject, con-
sider the effects of delay involved in waiting
for the uncertain action of the Legislatures of
States upon amendments to the Constitution.
These States are rapidly, nay, fearfully, laps-
ing into a condition of anarchy. The life,
property, and liberty of loyal men within their
borders are becoming every day more endan-
gered. Humanity, justice, the honor of the
Government, sternly demand that governments
be established upon sure foundations at once
in those States. We have seen the utter fail-
ure of the attempt to trust to the people them-
selves to organize such governments as shall
be willing to afford those "irreversible guar-
antees" we are determined to have. We have
seen that the clemency of the President has
not reenforeed the loyal men of these States,
but on the contrary has only reanimated the
lately stiffened corpse of rebellion. Although
with the aid of the military power of the Govern-
ment these so-called loyal State governments
may have made some sort of hollow pretense
of authority and control in their respective
States, it is yet notorious that if the military
forces were withdrawn, the whole eleven ''way-
ward States'' would be in rebellion in thirty
days thereafter. Not perhaps in organized,
armed rebellion, but with governments which
would proscribe the loyal friends of the Union,
and be wholly under the control of its unre-
lenting foes.
What course, then, shall bo pursued to bring
these people back 011 a platform of justice and
peace ? I know of but one way by which these
States may be restored, and that is to recognize
them as entitled to representation, only when the
majority of the people of each State respect-
ively is willing and able to maintain a loyal
government, and afford those guarantees which
eternal justice will ever demand for the protec-
tion of human rights. That is no State where a
minority can only govern when backed by a mili-
tary power from without. It is a conquered prov-
ince only, and the Governor thereof, whether
appointed by the President or put into place by
the form of an election, wherein only one tenth
of the population over whom he is to adminis-
ter, participate, is little better than its pro-
consul. It is against the vital principles of our
polity to call that a republican government
which has not the consent of the great mass
of the governed.
Mr. Speaker, reenforco the loyal white
men of these States, not by soldiers from with-
out, but by the loyal black men within these
States. At one bound loyalty may then spring
into the arena and claim and hold its own
against all comers. We have found them true
when even the white Unionists have faltered.
Lately our faithful ^Jlies and friends in our
greatest peril, they stand ready again in this
'' imminent deadly breach'' to extricate us from
the impending danger of anarchy and civil dis-
order. Prejudice made us hesitate to use them
in war, but that prejudice was brought to shame
by the devotion, fidelity, and courage they ex-
hibited everywhere. Is it manly, in view of the
patriotic aid we have been willing to accept
from these people to save the Government, now
to deny them any right to maintain and defend
it and share in all its privileges, especially when
by their enfranchisement we see the solution
of this momentous problem of the restoration
of social order over one third the area of these
United States? It is said there is 110 power to
enfranchise the negro except by the several
States. While I admit that such has been the
commonly received opinion, I not only believe
the power exists in the Constitution itself, but
the power finds its best argument in the very
nature of the case. Is it not monstrous that
four million people, whom we, by military power
and constitutional enactment, have made free
and independent citizens of the Republic, shall
be deprived of the right to vote for no better
reason than because of the color of their skin?
They maybe many of them Caspar Hausers, and
suddenly emerging from the night of slavery
into the meridian blaze of freedom may be
unfitted to comprehend the philosophy of citi-
zenship. Such an objection is entitled to re-
spect. But build your school-houses, give them
your Bible, and open their eyes to a realization
of the true glory of their new baptism of regen-
eration.
Besides, we derive the power from the law
of nations. I quote again from Vattel:
" A nation has arighttoeveiythingthatcan secure
it from threatening danger, a.nd to keep at a distance
whatever is capable of causing its ruin : and that from
tiie very same reasons that establish its rights to the
things necessary to its preservation."
The "threatening danger" is that the ene-
mies of the Government will overpower the
loyal men in these rebel States and crush out
the liberties of the people, unless this large
body of loyal citizens who have 110 share in the
Government are invested with the privilege of
the ballot. The "threatening danger" is in
leaving a great mass of people as a mere ex-
crescence upon the body-politic, compelled to
be subject to laws they are not permitted to
share in making or administering, and believ-
ing themselves separate and apart from the
social system—political outcasts, denied the
political rights which their traitor masters who
enslaved them may freely enjoy.
Nor is such a condition of things consistent
with the idea of that republican form of gov-
ernment which the United States shall guar-
antee to every State. While the State of South
Carolina proscribes one half of her population
on accountof race or color, can it be said that
she has a republican form of government? If
the United States must guarantee a republican
government, it is competent for Congress to
create such guarantee ill such form and in such
a manner as may seem wisest to secure the de-
sired end. What more rational, proper, humane,
and consistent couise can be adopted than to
enfranchise the freedmen to create an irreversi-
ble guarantee for the future peace and safety of
the nation ?
I am aware that wo have not yet outgrown
our prejudice against this unfortunate race, but
it is high time we recognize, that they have, in
the past four years, effectually vindicated their
manhood and established a lasting claim upon
our gratitude. The ballot is a precious boon
to grant to them, and we should ourselves be
none the poorer for the gift. In the eloquent
language of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts—
"To him wlio has the ballot all other thing? shall
be given— protection, opportunity, education, a
homestead. The ballot is like the Horn of Abun-
dance out of which overflow rights of every kind, with
corn, rice, and all the fruits of the earth." * *
"G-ive me the ballot and I can move the
world, may be the exclamation of the race still
despoiled of this right. There is nothing which it
cannot open with almost fabulous power, like that
golden mistletoe, offshoot of the sturdy oak, which, in
the^ hands of the classical adventurer, unclosed the
regions of another world, and like that golden bough,
it is renewed as it is used—
" 'One plucked away, a second branch you see
Shoot forth in gold and glitter from the tree.'"
Mr. Speaker, in this great "march to the
sea" of safety and peace for this mighty Re-
public, let us tramp in solid column and with
sounding tread; firm in our adherence to the
eternal principles of Right, with undaunted
courage to maintain and defend them; pre-
pared to make no concessions which may put
" Truth again upon the scaffold and Wrong
