1866. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$6f
Thiion prisoners of war, by starvation and other bar- j
barons a ad cruel treatment toward them. j i
"3. The President deeming it expedient that Jeffer-
son Davis should first bo put upon his trial before a
" competent court and jury for the crime of treason, he
was advised by the law officer of the Government that
the most proper place for &uch trial was in the State
of Virginia. "That State is within the judicial circuit
assigned to the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court,
who has held no court there since the apprehension
of Davis, and who dcclincs for an indefinite period
to hold any court there.
" The matters above stated are, so far as I am in-
formed, the reasons for holding Jefferson Davis hi
confinement, and why he has not been x>ut upon his
trial.''
The Secretary adds:
"Besides Jefferson Davis, the following persons who
actcd as officers of the rebel government arc impris-
oned, to wit: Clement C. Clay, at Forties Moiuoe,
charged among other things with treason, with com-
plicity in the murder of Mr. Lincoln, and with organ-
izing bands of piiates, robbers, and murderers in Can-
ada to burn the cities and ravage the commerce and
coasts of loyal States on the British frontier; D. L.
Yulcc, at Fort Pulaski, charged with treason while
holding a seat in the United States Senate, and with
plotting to capture the forts and arsenals of theUni-
tcd Slates, and with inciting war and rebellion against I
the Government; S. K. Mallory, at Fort La Fayette, :
charged with treason, aud with organizing and setting i
on foot piratical expeditions against the United States j
commerce and marine on the high seas.
" Other ofiiccrs of the so-called confederate govern- ;
merit, arrested and imprisoned, have bevn released on 1
parole to abide the action ot thcGovcrnmcntm refer-
ence to their prosecution and trial for alleged oileuses,
on Qieix* applications for amnesty and pai don. Among i
■ those are G. A. Trcnholm, secretary of the treasury: ;
John A. Campbell, assistant secretary of war: James
A. Seddon secretary oi war; John H. Reagan, post-
master general; It. M. T. Hunter, senator; Alexan-
der II. Stephens, vicc president, and sundry other
persons of iess note."
It seems that the Attorney General of the
United States, in answer to a request made him.
by the President, has given an opinion upon a
question of law arising in these cases. The
ground taken by the Attorney General of the
United States is very plainly set forth in the
communication which lie has made to the Presi-
dent, and which has been laid before us; and
in order tliat no injustice may be done him, [
shall trouble the Senate with reading a few ex-
tracts from his communication to the President.
The Attorney General says :
"When the war was at its crisis, Jefferson Davis, the
commandei-in-chief ol the army ot the insurgents,
was taken prisoner, with other_ prominent rebels,
by the military forces ol the United Slates*. It was
the duiy ol the military so to take them. They have
been heretofore and are yet held as prisoners of war.
Though active hostilities have ceased, a state of war
still exists over the territory in rebellion. Until peace
sholl come in fact amVin law they can rightfully be
held as prisoners of war."
Again, he says:
"In that clause of the Constitution mentioned in
the resolution of the Senate, it is plainly wntten that
ihey must be held in the State and di.^trut whiu-ein
' the crime shall h.ive been committed. I know that
many persons of learning and ability entertain the j
opinion that the commander-in-chief of the rebel ,
armies should be regarded a-i constructively_ present |
with all theinsurgents who prosecuted hostilities and j
made raids upon'the northern and southern borders
of the lo> al States. .
"This doctrine of constructive presence, carried out
to its logical consequences, would make all.who had
been connected with the rebel atmies liable to tual
in any State and district into which anv portion of
those armies had made the slightest incursion., ISot
being persuaded of the correctness of that opinion,
bat regarding the doctrine mentioned as of doubtful
constitutionality, I have thought it not proper to
advise you to cause criminal proceedings to be insti-
tuted against Jefferson Da\ is, or any other insurgent,
in State? or districts in which they were not actually
present during the prosecution of hostilities. '
It will be seen from this, Mr. President, that
in the opinion of the Attorney General it is in-
competent and unconstitutional to put any of
the insurgents upon trial for treason in any
State or district except that in which the crime
was actually committed, and in which the ac-
cused was personally present at the time of the
commission of the crime. This is a grave and
important question, and I propose to trouble
the Senate for a few minutes with its discus-
sion, not relying with the utmost confidence
upon my own opinions, but endeavoring to set
forth my views upon this question of law with
becoming brevity, and at the same time with
such clearness as I may be master of.
One thing is certain, that if there be any ex-
pectation which has been more prevalent than
another among the loyal people of the^United
States, it is that it is due to our dignity as a
nation, it is due to the justice of the nation, it
is due to the obligations which we owe to the
Constitution and to the nation, that there should j
be an arraignment and punishment according
to the forms of law at least of the ringleaders
of this rebellion. I think that I do not over-
state the truth when I say that this expectation
is in no degree at this time diminished, but. that
unless some earnest bona fide endeavor shall
be made to execute the law upon some at least
of the traitors who have done such wrong to
the Government of the United States, the feel-
ing of disappointment, not to say disgust, will
be very strong and pervading thiougliout the
United States.
Davis was president of the rebel government, :
and. as such, commander-in-chief of its armies 1
and navy. His commands, in carrying on the
war. were supreme and irresistible. His will
was the origin of every movement.^ conduct-
ing their operations. It pervaded and directed :j
every hostile act. He was the master of the j
rebellion and gave it animation and activity |
throughout its whole extent, from the Atlantic '!
to the Kio Grande. His commands directly 'j
or remotely, but in every case effectually and i;
responsibly, caused every advance of the rebel i]
forces, every attack, eveiy battle, every death ot n
the Union forces. His orders alone gave energy ,
to every blow on every held in every State along
the whole line of iifteen hundred miles from j]
east to we.sl. and from the Gulf of Mexico to ji
the Canadian frontier. It was his hand that ''
shed the blood or caused the death of more j
than a quarter of a million of men and the >
waste and destruction of more than six thou- :
sand millions of property. His irresistible com- j
mauds—irresistible to those subject to them— j
were present everywhere, at the first Dull Run, !
at Malvern Hill, at the battles oil the Rappahan- ||
nock, at CentervilJe, atShiloh, at Yicksburg, at j!
Gettysburg, as well as at the massacre of h'ort :|
Pillow, ami otlmr minor butcheries. He was j!
the war. His sole will directed and controlled j
it everywhere. It was war, complete in form ^
and attributes, not confined to a narrow theater '
compressed on all sides to small dimensions by t
the barriers of predominating loyalty, like Mon-
mouth's rebellion in England, the rebellion of .
Shays in Massachusetts, or the whisky insur- ,
recdon of Pennsylvania, but broad, pervading,
covering m territorial extent almost scores ot ,
degrees of latitude and longitude, and bounded 1
only by the long lines of bayonets, irregular and ;
wavering, sometimes advancing and .sometimes j
receding. It was war, both by land and sea. ;
It had its neutralities, its battles its sieges, its :
capitulation^, its surrenders, its exchange ot ,
prisoner,its privateerOttjers of marque, its '
blockades, its captures, prizes, flags of truce.
And on the part of the rebels all these opera-
tions were carried on by and under the direc-
tion of one man, and he was Jefferson Davis,
the supreme commander, who had lull power
to enforce his commands—a power given him
by the whole rebel community as a political,
organized community, holding and exercising
for the time being—whether rightfully or wrong-
fully is wholly immaterial to the argument—an
absolute national independence, though unrec-
ognized by us or any foreign nation. Davis
was the chief; be was the master and director
of this immense, this wasteful, bloody, and most
wicked war, and responsible for every diop of
blood shed'in it. His spirit, his intention and
purpose, his will was e\ei\ where: and though
his physical arm did not give any b
. . 1 _ ... 1 * _"1.    r-. , ,1- <-1; /->4 rx/l
    _ no lilow
was struck which was not directed by liis mind,
no Union soldier bled or languished who was
not the victim of his traitorous malignityand
this though lie was at Richmond, in V irginia.
and his victim in Louisiana or Ohio.
The ground taken in the opinion of tne hon-
orable Attorney General is, that Davis cannot
be tried for treason in any State or district in
which he was not actually present, in person
during the prosecution of hostilities there: that
is, that he being at Richmond, in Virginia, and
such commander-in-chief, exercising such su-
preme control over his subordinates, and they
fighting a battle in Ohio, cannot be put upon
his trial in Ohio for the treason of fighting that
battle. Such a trial he holds to be forbiddefi
by the Constitution of the United States.
If this be a correct view of the instrument,
then some very singular and most inconvenient
consequences must flow from, it.;
Davis might have been standing but an arm'i
length south of the northern limit of Virginia,"
while his army was in Ohio fighting a bkttle
under his immediate eye and orders on the,
north side of the line : and yet he corfld not"
be indicted and tried for fighting this battle in'
Ohio, because he was not peisonally and cor-
poreally present in the State of Ohio.
He might have posted himself just over,
the Canada line, or on an island of the British
West Indies, and thence in person fitted out
and directed expeditions* against the lives and
property of Union men—as, in fact, he did by
his agents : expeditious to carry on the work
of war, robbery, and murder—and not be guilty
of treason, because he was not actually present
within the State or district where hostilities'
took place.
And is it so? Is it true that the framors of
the Constitution have left their work thus im-
perfect V Did they intend to cover with immu-
nity from the responsibility of treason the man
who should command and commit it, but who
should happen to be personally and corporeally
at the time in another State or district whose
people were so uni\ crsally disloyal that a jury
could not be found among them sufficiently,
loyal and virtuous either to convict or indict
the offender? or the American citizen who, as
■ a rebel and traitor, should hurl the bolts of war
; against his country from a foreign soil? Could
j they have contemplated such results? Did'they
I intend that the ringleader, the author of the
treason, should thus, by fortunate trickery or
fortunate accident, escape the just penalty of
his crime, while the subordinates who could
not disobey his commands, but at the peril of
their lives, are subjected to all the legal conse-
j (ir.ences of his crime? Is the judicial depart-
i ment of the Government in-an attitude so ridie-
ulous, so miserable and pitiable before the
: world, that it can punish only the men who
fought the battle in Ohio under the constraint
| ot instant death if tkey refused, but is without
i power to punish the leader, the director, the
; author of the bloodshed, because, forsooth, he
i stood upon the soil of Virginia at the time ; or
| because, in the case of a rebel invasion from a
i foreign country, he was in that foreign country ?
i Is it impotent to punish gigantic guilt endowed
j with perfect freedom of will'and of choice, and
powerful only to punish the guilt of weakness
1 acting under a compulsion it is unable to resist?
;j 11'such be the law of the land, it surely de-
i! mnnds the serious attention not only of the
ij judiciary but of the American people at large.
The PRESIDENT |>ro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having* expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business,
which is Senate bill So. 01, which is now before
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand from the
Senator from Michigan that he will conclude
his remarks in a few moments. I am willing,
therefore, that that bill should be laid aside
informally until he concludes his remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In com-
pliance with the suggestion ofthe Senator from
Illinois (he bill before the Senate will be laid
aside informally, if there be no objection. It
is laid aside.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr President, with great
respect for the legal attainments and high char-
acter ofthe Attorney General, I must take the
libet-ry to dissent from his vie(v of the law of
treason as presented in hib letter to the Presi-
dent, and beg the indulgence of the Senate for
a moment in stating the grounds for my dissent.
Section three of article three of the Consti-
i tution, as framed in JT^T, declares that—
"xieason against the T'l;■; ■ i"„:t.;tos thall consist
onlv in levyingnr a:
:ain,-t iheii'.oi adherim? to fbeir
enemies, iri viier them aid an.lfusnf'jrt. Noperson snail
Wcom icted ot treason anlots-vn tiifi testimony ol two
witnesses to the same overt act, or on coniessioa m
open court."
