3£52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
one aside from those which I have presented;
and that is, .that the library of Mr. Pettigru is
quite ample' both in the number of volumes
and in the variety of subjects which it embraces,
and is very much needed as a facility for the
Court of Claims in the discharge of their du-
ties-in this city. I understand that the judges
of the Court of Claims have no access at all to
the Law Library of Congress, and that they are
very much embarrassed for the use of the ne-
cessary books to enable them to discharge their
duties ; and I understand that the same embar-
rassment exists, to a certain extent, on the part
of the judges of the supreme court of this Dis-
trict. I think we should be consulting the pub-
lic interest, therefore, by purchasing this small
collection of law books for the use of those
two courts.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading and was read the
third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Davis, Dodlittle,
Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood,
Lane of Indiana, Mor^'ui, Nesmith, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Edmunds, Fes-
senden. Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Norton, Po-
land, Saulsbury, Spraguc, Trumbull, Willcy, and
Williams—14.
ABSENT — Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Cooness,
Cowan, Creswell, Dixon, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
MeDougail, Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, Stewart,
Wright, and Yates—16.
So the joint resolution was passed.
retrenchment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution from the House
of Representatives:
Whereas thcfinaneialcondition of theUnitod States
demands the exercise of a rigid economy, in all de-
partments of the (fovern rneiH, in order to sustain the
credit of the nation and to relieve the people at the
earliest possible day from the burden of excessive
taxation : and whereas there is reason to believe that
in many departments of the civil service abuses have
for a long time existed and still exist, in the perpet-
uation of useless offices and sinecures, in extrava-
gant salaries and allowances, and in other unneces-
sary and wasteful expenditures: Therefore,
lieiolved by the House of Ilepresentatives, (the Scn-
ato concurring,) That a joint select committee bo
appointed, to consist of two members of the Senate
and three members of tho House, to bo styled the
joint select committee on retrenchment; that said
committee boinstructed toinnuire into tho expendi-
tures in all the branches of the civil servico of the
United States, and to report whother any and what
offices ought to bo abolished, whether any and what
salaries or allowances ought to be reduced, and gen-
erally how and to what extent tho expenses of tho
civil t.ervico of tho country may and ought to bo cur-
tailed. That said committee bo authorized to sit
duritig tho recess of Congress, to send for persons and
papers, and to report by bill or otherwise. And that
said committee may appoint a clerk for the term of
six months and no more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that tho resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment to thursday.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day, it
be to meet on Thursday next.
ixdian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of tho Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the joint resolution (S.
E. No. 98) to amend an act entitled "An act
to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and China," approved February 17, 1865.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone the
unfinished business and all prior orders, with
-a view to take up the special order assigned
for this day, being the Indian appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 387) mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fullilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1867, the pending question being an amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance
to insert the following as section three:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the 31st day of December, 1866, the Secretary of
Warshall exereisethesupervisory andappellate pow-
ers and possess the jurisdiction now exercised and
possessed by the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to all the acts of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and shall sign all rea«isitions for the advance or pay-
ment of money out of the Treasury on estimates or
accounts, subject to the same adjustment or control
now exercised on similar estimates or accounts by
the Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury, or
either of them.
Mr. DOOblTTLE. I hope this question
may be disposed of by the Senate without
taking up a great deal of time. I submitted
very briefly the other day the views which con-
trolled my judgment in opposing this change.
In the first place, it is a very important change
in the administration of Indian affairs, and it
is legislating in the strongest sense of the term
upon an appropriation bill, which is not usu-
ally favored. Besides, as I stated the other
day, while I conccdo that in certain particular
case3 there would be a convenience in having
the control of tho Indians entirely and abso-
lutely under the Wax- Department, yet in the
majority of instances they are better managed
under the Department of the Interior; and
the great business connected with Indian af-
fairs is, after all, in relation to their lands and
reservations, which come more peculiarly un-
der the Interior Department—the survey of
their lands, the administration of their funds,
the distribution of their annuities. While I ad-
mit that inconvenience sometimes arises from
an apparent conflict of jurisdiction between the
civil officers appointed by the Interior Depart-
ment and the officers in command of the
Army, in my judgment that inconvenience
is greatly overbalanced by the other consid-
erations ; and therefore I am opposed to this
change. I think that tho Committee on Fi-
nance have not fully considered the matter,
or they certainly would not propose such im-
portant legislation as this upon an appropria-
tion bill. If the Senate should come to the
determination that a change ought to be made
it had better be taken up and considered in a
bill by itself, and not he put upon an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I concur with the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin that it is not worth while
to debate this measure at any length, because
it is a question that lias been in the mind of
every Senator for some time. But as an illus-
tration of the conflict of jurisdiction that oc-
curs between the Yv"ar Department and the
Interior Department, involving large expendi-
tures of money, I will read an extract from a
memorial signed by a portion of the Cherokees.
I am not responsible for the facts here stated;
but as they are presented regularly to us by
them in a written memorial complaining of
certain grievances, I read their statements as
alleged facts. If they are true, they certainly
require some investigation:
" By the act of 3d ftlareh, 1865, the Secretary of
War was authorized to feed and clothe the pauper
Indians in tho Indian 'IVurit.orv from the date of the
passage of the law until tho end of that fiscal year.
"On the 1st of July, 1865, when tho military au-
thorities ceased to have authority to feed refugee
Indians, there was an immense surplus of flour and
corn on hand at Port Gibson, amounting to as much
as all that has since boon issued to pauper Indians
in thateountry. These stores the commanding offi-
cer at Fort Gibson offered to turn over to the super-
intendent of Indian affairs at ?8 50 per barrel for
flour and per bushel for corn. Instead of making
this purchase,the superintendent, went to Leaven-
worth and entered into a contract with McDonald,
Fuller & Sells (tho son <,t tho superintendent) at $8
per bushel for corn and 1 per barrel forfiour. This
contract was let, as we arc informed and believe, with-
out the rcquisite_ advertisement on the pretense that
there was not time to advertise. The most of the
flour furnish ed under this contract was sent by steam-
boat from St. Louis, costing the contractors about
$12 and the Indian department $31 per bushel, while
a large amount of tho flour offered by the War De-
partment to the Interior at 88 per barrel was being
shipped down the Arkansas from Fort Gibson to Lit-
tle llock. The corn furnished by the contractors
under this contract was j>art bought from tho Indians
at S2 per bushel, and Dart bought of the military au-
thorities at Port Gibson by one McKee, who is under-
stood to have been the agent and partner of McDon-
ald, Fuller & Sells, at eighteen cents per bushel, and
turned over to the superintendent at $8 per bushel.
The gross amount of these supplies we are unable to
state, but are satisfied that it was several hundred
thousand dollars; and wo have information that it
has all or nearly all been paid."
I do not wish to read any more from the
various allegations made by these Indians. I
only read this much to show that when the War
Department is charged with a certain portion
of the duties connected with our intercourse
with the Indians, and the Interior Department
with another txirtion, there will necessarily be
a conflict of jurisdiction and great complaints
of fraud and peculation. This, certainly, is
a very serious charge which is alleged by these
Indians. It is that the Government actually
being in possession of a large amount of stores
and property through the War Department
which offered to turn them over to the Interior
Department—corn at $2 a bushel and flour at
$8 50 a barrel-—the Interior Department in-
stead of taking them purchased flour at $34 a
barrel and corn at $8 a bushel. It seems to
me that if this kind of transactions can go on
under this system of mixed responsibility, it
is time we should put a stop to it. I do not
avouch the facts hero stated, but I give the
authority on which they are stated.
We have desired, however, to place this
amendment simply upon the public reasons
that have been stated already. As the Army
will necessarily now be without employment in
a great measure, as the great body of the Army
must be stationed in the Indian Territory in
time of peacfe, it is proper that the officers of
the Army, who control the military forces,
should regulate our Indian affairs. Prior to
1818 the Indian service cost the Government
probably less than a million dollars annually,
and up to that time all that service was per-
formed by the military authorities. Many of
the most distinguished and eminent men in this
country have been at the head of Indian affairs.
General Harrison was for a long time at the
head of Indian affairs in the Northwest. The
number of Indians hasbeenconstantly decreas-
ing, and yet the Indian expenditure is con-
stantly increasing. Under these circumstances,
it seems to me, it would be wise as a matter
of economy to give to the officers in command
of troops in the Indian Territory also the con-
trol of the dealings with the Indian tribes. The
plan that has been adopted of late years to
supersede military authority by teachers and
blacksmiths, &c., it seems to me, up to this
time has not worked very well; but if it is
necessary to continue that system, it may as
well be done under the Secretary of War as
under the Secretary of the Interior, substitut-
ing from time to time, as rapidly as may be,
military for civil authority.
As I stated the other day very briefly the
reasons of the committee for proposing this
amendment, I do not propose to repeat them
now.
Mr. NESMITH. The comparison made by
the Senator from Ohio between the expenses
of the Indian Bureau in 1848 and prior to that
time, with what they are now, it seems to me
does not demonstrate anything. The expenses
may have been a million dollars then, or half
a million, and maybe in the neighborhood of
two or three millions now; and yet that proves
nothing. At that time our Indian frontier was
on the Missouri river. Since then our inter-
cdtrse with the Indians tribes has spread to the
Pacific, and reaches from the forty-ninth paral-
lel of latitude on the north to the Gulf of
California, or near that gulf, on the south. We
have been brought in contact with the great
tribes of the plains and the Rocky mountains,
and it has become necessary to purchase more
or less of their land by treaty stipulations, and
to supply them with annuities and goods. We
have been brought in much more direct inter-
course with them. Probably the business of
the department in this way has increased in a
much greater ratio than the expense.
St> far as the evils complained of are to be
remedied, I think it is a mistake to suppose
that it will be done by changing the bureau
