2592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
provision certainly is not necessary at all in the
view the Senator from Vermont takes of it.
Mr. POLAND. If you leave the act of 1799
in force, it is not.
Mr. MORRILL. The case of a libel against
the property is already provided for by other
acts. But the Senator will see that this section
by no possibility can apply to the property by
the very use of the language, "the onus pro-
bandi shall lie upon the defendant where prob-
able cause is shown for such prosecution."
That is, as to a prosecution against the person,
not a libel against property.
Mr. POLAND. I understand the section
now to read, as amended, "and the burden of
proof in cases of seizure shall lie upon the
claimant.''
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; but I am speak-
ing of the intent of this section. It was to pro-
vide a remedy against the person, and not
against the property. Wehave a remedy against
the property in the laws already provided for.
Now we propose to provide an additional rem-
edy against the person, and the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
ignoring that part, makes a provision for a pro-
ceeding against property. That amendment
ought not to be accepted, first because it has
no application to the bill and is not necessary,
and whether the Senate will accept this provis-
ion or not is a question that is entirely inde-
pendent of that; whether they will do it or not
depends upon whether the Senate is disposed
now to apply the same principle as to the bur-
den of proof against a man who is charged with
violating the law that has been uniformly ap-
plied against his property when you were pro-
ceeding in rem against it. That is all there is
about it.
Mr. POLAND. It is very true that this
section does not provide specifically for pro-
ceedings by way of libel in what are termed
seizure cases, but it does provide for the for-
feilure of goods. The subject is not entirely
foreign to this section, as the Senator from
Maine says. It provides that where goods
are illegally imported the goods themselves
shall be forfeited and the person illegally
importing them shall be liable to be punished
by iiue and imprisonment. As the bill was
drawn it intended to make this change in rela-
tion to the burden of proof apply to both classes
of coses, to proceedings against goods, what
are known technically as seizure cases, and
also to prosecutions against the person for
illegally importing them or having them in
possession after they were illegally imported
with knowledge.
There is nothing new in reference to this.
We had statutes before which forfeited goods
that were illegally imported, and statutes pro-
viding for proceedings of that character. We
had also statutes before this that provided pen-
alties for smuggling. There is nothing new
in this unless it provides a higher penalty, a
greater penalty than the law did before. As
this last clause of the section stood originally,
and as the amendment that the committee pro-
posed to it stood until amended, it applied to
both classes of eases where goods were liable,
and where a person who was prosecuted for
being a smuggler, for illegally importing goods.
In both classes of cases, upon the fact of illegal
importation being proved, the burden of proof
was thrown on the individual. It seems to me
just and right, so far as the proceeding against
the goods is concerned, and perfectly com-
petent for us to say—violating no rule of law,
no constitutional provision, not invading this
particular right of trial by jury, and of having
them pass on all the facts of the case—" If you
illegally import goods, and the fact of 'the
illegal importation be shown, the goods shall
lie forfeited unless you have some excuse that
you are able to produce and show; we cast the
burden on you." But when you proceed against
the man as a criminal, undertake to charge him
with a crime, and subject him to fine, aitd im-
prisonment, then I think the principle that the
committee undertook to establish here is all
wrong; but the amendment that my colleague
proposed, and which we adopted yesterday, it
seems to me relieves it of all difficulty, and it
is precisely proper that it should be passed in
the form in which we amended it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt that the
honorable member from Vermont is right that
we have the power to make the law as the
amendment suggested by his colleague would
make it; but that is the iawnowin relation to
seizures. The seventy-first section of the act
of 1799 says that in all cases of seizures of
goods liable to forfeiture the burden of proof
shall be cast upon the claimant. When this
section says that goods illegally imported shall
be forfeited, it brings the goods within the
operation of the act of 1799 ; and that provides
precisely what would be provided for by the
amendment suggested by his colleague, as I
think the honorable member will admit.
I endeavored to distinguish the rules pre-
scribed by the section of the act of 1799, relied
upon yesterday, from the principle contained in
the amendment of the committee, and I am
glad to find that the honorable member from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] agrees that that dis-
tinction was well taken, and I understood his
colleague, who offered the amendment which
is now before the Senate, to agree also in the
same view.
The fourth section has two objects. The
first is to provide that the goods illegally im-
ported shall be forfeited. That is one of their
amendments, and the second is that the party
who imports or the party who comes into
possession of the goods knowing them to have
been illegally imported shall be personally
liable to punishment if convicted.
I have no doubt that the act of 1799 in the
provision referred to was clearly within the
authority of Congress; and of course we could
provide in the same way now; and that is all
that is done by the amendment suggested by
my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] But
it seems to me that it is unnecessary, because
the law will be precisely the same. If we pass
the fourth section unchanged in the particular
in which it provides that the goods imported
shall be liable to be forfeited, then we bring
the goods under the operation of the act of
1790, which authorizes the Government to pro-
ceed by way of libel against the goods, and the
act then provides that whoever comes in and
claims the goods as his own shall be compelled
to establish his ease. That is reenacting the
act of 1799, and that is all, as I think.
Mr. GUTHRIE. There is a great necessity
for a rigid enactment to prevent the smuggling
of imported goods into the country; and in
the customs' laws we have always provided for
seizures, and under the internal revenue laws
goods are liable to seizure after they pass from
the hands of the manufacturer if the duties
have not been paid. It is impossible to enforce
these laws without some such provision.
I have made up my mind to vote for this bill
without question, without doing any injustice
to my conscience. I take it for granted that
every man who imports goods enters them at
the custom-house if he intends to do honestly,
and I take it for granted that every man who
purchases imported goods takes care that he
deals with individuals who comply with the
law. When I was Secretary of the Treasury I
was hunting for the means to prevent smug-
gling on the Canada coast, and a gentleman
introduced to me an individual who he said
could give me all the information I desired
on that subject, and sent him to me with a
little note. I told him that the friend who
introduced him wished him to tell me all
he knew on the subject. "Well," said he,
" when I was engaged in smuggling there was
very little profit unless the duty was twenty-
five per cent. We had to pay ten per cent, for
running the goods across; it had to be done in
the night. Then we had to make an allowance
of ten per cent, to the merchants who pur-
chased of us, or they would not buy of us, and
we could not hide the goods when we got them
across ; and if there was not five or ten per
1 cent, left to us there was no profit in the busi-
ness." He explained to me how it was done,
and I expect that he gave me a very accurate
account.
I think we must go on the presumption that
every man who comes into the possession of
goods that have been imported into the coun-
try is bound to know that they have been reg-
ularly entered and the duties paid, and it is his
business to know, if he is a regular trader. If
a man goes to New York or Boston or any of
these eastern ports to buy goods, or if he pur-
chases on the Canada borders, it is his duty to
know that the goods have been entered at the
custom-house and have paid the duties. If he
does not know it, and you make your law so
that he is not bound to know it, you encourage
smuggling. I am willing to vote for this bill
because I think in all our laws on this subject
we must assume that it is the duty of the indi-
vidual who purchases goods upon which there
is duty levied to see that they have been reg-
ularly entered and the duty paid; and a decla-
ration in your law that he is presumed to know
that fact, and that he is guilty if he does not
know it is perfectly correct. You will never
enforce your revenue laws without such a prin-
ciple, in my judgment,
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that if
we concur in this amendment, in prosecutions
in criminal cases the burden of proof will not
lie on the defendant; there will be no presump-
tion against him.
Mr. MORRILL. That is so; that is the
effect of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it in order to amend
the clause intended to be stricken out before
the vote is taken on the other?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Chair thinks that it is in
order to amend the portion proposed to he
stricken out.
Mr. HENDERSON. My idea is that the
establishment of some fact as against the de-
fendant in a criminal prosecution ought to raiso
a presumption of guilt against him. I think
recent possession of goods illegally imported
ought to raise the presumption of guilt.
Mr. CLARK. That is a matter for the jury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL. I want the first question
to come upon the amendment moved by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] which
was to the original amendment, applying it to
cases of seizure alone.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to^ ask a
question. Why make a new law of evidence
in maritime law? Is there any cause for it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no cause what-
ever. It is the old rule.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then why make the
provision here?
Mr. EDM UN DS. That is just what I am
about to explain. The amendment which I
offered in committee was agreed to. This
amendment of the Committee on Commerce
being under consideration in Committee of
the Whole yesterday, I proposed the amend-
ment which has been named. That amend-
ment to the committee's amendment report-
ing the bill was agreed to. Then the whole
amendment was agreed to in committee and
reported, so that the only question now possi-
ble before the Senate is on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the Committee of the
Whole, if I correctly understand parliamentary
law.
Mr. MORRILL. Now, allow me. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] took excep-
tion to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont alone, and stated that he desired to
try that question of the proposed amendment
of the Senator from Vermont applying the rule
to cases of seizure. That was the proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Wis-
consin undertook to make that reservation, it
was totally beyond his power and that of the
Senate regularly to grant it, because there was
no such question pending.
