1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIGNAL GLOBE.
153
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Morrill.
Senate.
away; it is not worth while to change your Con-
stitution in regard to them ; let them be repre-
sented as two fifths slaves on the old basis until
they shall have perished, and then your Con-
stitution will need no amendment. The laws
of a fearful antagonism of superior and inferior
races are expected to accomplish what, if Amer-
ican statesmanship does not incite, it contem-
plates with apparent resignation.
Mr. President, I hail with something like a
sense of gratitude the proposition of the com-
mittee on reconstruction, bccause it recognizes
at least the great fundamental principle of
American constitutional law and liberty, that
representation in the national councils ought
to be based on citizenship, and so far as the
national councils are concerned it shall rest
nowhere else. That is the significance of this
proposition. Contemplating it in that view I
content myself to vote for it, although I think
it inadequate to the immediate exigency of
the times. I would much prefer to say to
these States, " If you desire to be represented
at all in these Halls you shall do equal and
exact justice to all the citizens of the United
States, without regard to color." That is the
mandate that should go forth from these Halls.
That is the equal and exact justice which this
nation should hold out to these men, but re-
cently the enemies of the nation in arms, before
they should be permitted to set their feet in
these Chambers to represent themselves. But,
sir, it would shock the sense of the nation, and
1 am sure it would shock the sense of justice
of mankind, if the American Congress were to
allow these people to come here restored to
authority and represent the old system of sla-
very, now dead and buried, and in addition to
that allow them a full representation according
to the numbers of a race to whom they deny all
privileges and rights.
But it is said that an amendment of the Con-
stitution, such as is proposed, is inexpedient
at this time. Eleven States, we are told, are
demanding seats upon this floor, and are im-
patient of delay. The honorable Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Sabmbury] the other day be-
came plaintive over the condition of these peo-
ple and States. He told us their situation was
one of suffering and desolation; that they
needed representation here; and that they were
anxious to be represented upon this floor. That,
I submit, sir, is not the highest consideration
for the action of the Senate. There are sub-
jects lying back of the desires of these States
necessary to be considered. I shall not under-
take to recapitulate in detail what has been
said by those who, on that side, have addressed
themselves to this subject in behalf of these
States; but we have been told that it is for the
interest of the nation to receive these States
into the Union, and that they should be rep-
resented on the floors of the two Houses of
Congress; that that is the national necessity,
higher than any other consideration, higher
than that of representation or adjustment of
representation, higher than that of protec-
tion to the freedmen, higher than that of na-
tional justice. We are told that the great po-
litical necessity of the times is the admission of
these States now, unqualifiedly, without hesita-
tion, and without the judgment or action of Con-
gress. In language quite significant, passion-
ate sometimes, you have been told that these
States must be admitted now or hereafter as
they are. In the language of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Guthbie,] "you will have to
admit these States, or do worse."
To all such passionate invective I have just
one reply, and that is, the actual and lpgal con-
dition of these States is that of "insurrection-
ary States." That is their legal designation;
that is their legal status. The Congress of
the United States, the high legislative power of
the nation, the supreme war power of the coun-
try, the Executive included, gave them the des-
ignation of insurrectionary States. They have
been moreover regarded by the world for the
last four or five years as belligerent States.
When Congress adjourned here last year that
was their condition. It returned to find them
here knocking at the doors of Congress, as it
was said, with their representation, for admis-
sion into the councils of the nation.
Now, sir, if that state of things has been
changed, how and upon what authority has it
been changed? #When the war power of the
Government had overcome the rebel forces, at
the surrender of the rebel forces, overcome by
the power of the nation, what was the condition
of these States? General Sherman, acting as
he supposed within the scope of his military
functions, undertook to recognize these States
as existing. Those who remember his military
memorandum will remember that according to
the provisions of that memorandum these States
were to be recognized as in existence ; all the
officers of the States were to be restored to their
offices upon taking the oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and their privi-
leges and their franchises were to be recognized
and guarantied to the people of these States;
but what was the result? The President of the
United States repudiated it at once. The Pres-
ident held, and held properly, and so did his
Cabinet, and so did the country, that these
States did not exist as States in the Union;
they did not exist civilly; their governments
had been subverted. By rebellion and civil
war they had abdicated civil authority; their
State governments had been overthrown, and
therefore General Sherman's memorandum,
which would have recognized them, and which
would perhaps have brought them upon this
floor as States, was repudiated utterly and en-
tirely. The President of the U nited States very
properly and very patriotically held that the
proposition that these States were States of the
Union, having civil or poetical existcncc now
that they had laid down their arms, was not a
proposition to be entertained anywhere; that
their State governments had been overthrown;
they were out of their relations with the Union;
they were disorganized.
The President went further. When the civil
authorities in the rebel State of Virginia un-
dertook to exercise authority, he warned them
that such assumption would be treated as usur-
pation, and they would be held to the strictest
accountability by the military authorities of the
United States for any attempt to exercise any
civil function in the State of Virginia. Gen-
eral Sherman was thus given to understand,
and very properly, that he did notundcrstand
the great political questions which underlaid
the war. It was well enough for him to re-
ceive the surrender of the rebel army, but he
could not, as a military commander, make
terms for the restoration of States and the
Union, and by which the authority of those
States could be recognized. The President
treated their State governments as having been
overthrown ; that there was no civil officer in
all the South who could perform civil functions
of any kind whatever. The States and the
people were held to be in a state of absolute
civil and political disability.
That being the condition of the whole south-
ern country, will anybody show me how it came
to pass that these States were resurrected, that
these States were "organized," that these
States were reconstructed in the absence of
Congress and of legislation upon the subject /
What were the Presidents functions? These
States, on his view of their condition, had lost
their State governments; there were no civil
officers, and there could be no political or civil
functions. What was his authority? How was
he acting? Of course in the double capacity
of President of the United States, sworn to
maintain the laws and protect the Constitution,
and as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
the Navy. As President of the United States,
of course he could only enforce the law; but
there was no law on the subject. Congress
had passed an act providing for the contingency
which had arisen now, but it had failed to be-
come a law; and as to the reconstruction of
States there was no law; the nation was with-
out law. Congress had never provided for such
a case, and therefore there was no law to exe-
cute. The only capacity, therefore, in which
the President could act was in that of Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army. Will it he pre-
tended that as Commander-in-Chief of the
armies of the United States the President had
any authority to reconstruct States, or, to use
his own language, to "organize" States? Not
at all. The organization of States was civil and
legislative in iis character purely. Now, look-
ing to results, what was accomplished in those
States? Substantially, I submit, what was repu-
diated in Major General Sherman's plan. To-
day, substantially as a matter of fact, these
States are restored, if at. all, to thesame status
to which they were proposed to be restored by
the memorandum of Major General Sherman.
Whatwas done? Major General Sherman pro-
posed to recognize these States on the condition
that the officers should take the oath to support
the Constitution of the UnitedStates. The con-
dition, it will be observed, was an oath to sup-
port the Constitution. Governor Perry was au-
thorized to'' organize'' the State of South Caro-
lina, foT example, on the condition of an oath to.
support the Constitution, including other things.
Both were by military authority, and rest on
the basis of an oath. General Sherman's plan
contemplated the recognition of the officers of
the State upon taking the oath to support the
Constitution, and Governor Perry actually re-
stored the officers of the State of South Caro-
lina to their offices upon taking the prescribed
oath.
It is needless to say that whatever the Presi-
dent did in regard to these States was neces-
sarily a military act.
My honorable friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] undertook to explain this policy,
and to tell the Senate as near as he could what
were the functions of Governor Perry. He
said they were not exactly those of a provis-
ional governor; but he was called a "provis-
ional governor" by the President. He said
he was not exactly a military officer, for he was
not commissioned thereunto, and could not be
without the consent of the Senate; but he was
in the nature of a negotiator to negotiate terms
of peace. Our case required no negotiation,
and admitted of no negotiation. This was a civil
war, and the Government of the United States
were proceeding against the States waging
war upon them, upon the ground that they
were "insurrectionary States," and must be
overcome, and the insurgents dispersed, subju-
gated, subdued, coerced, and not upon the
grotmd that they were to be negotiated with.
The truth is, the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin undertakes to apologize for an act
which he cannot justify, and which he finds no
warrant either in the law or the Constitution to
authorize. If he was not a "provisional gov-
ernor," then he could not exercise a civil func-
tion. If he was a military governor, then he
must have his commission; and as he had
neither, he had no office, and could have no
function ; and that, was the condition of Gov-
ernor Perry. He, was an agent, but a military
agent, without authority of law anywhere: and
the fruit of his labor of course must be irregu-
lar. The best that can be said of these States
which we are demanded to admit here without
consideration and without discretion is, that
they are military States. At the close of armed
rebellion they had no organization. If they
have any now, it is a military organization,
an organization which Congress cannot recog-
nize. which Congress cannot respect,; an or-
ganization which needs the ratification of the
legislative authority to make valid. _ I do not
criticise these proceedings to complain of them.
It was the province of the President to organize
military departments or governments in all that
section of the nation that had at length surren-
