1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or Robert E. Lee, his instruments. He was a
principal traitor everywhere. The commissions
he gave to his subordinates, his instructions to
them, whether general or particular, authoriz-
ing acts of hostility, coupled with the irresistible
power vested in him as commander-in-chief,
made his presence ubiquitous, extending it and
the guilt implied by it to every act of war by
land or sea. The rule itself, devised by reason
for the protection of civil society, as laid down
by the ancient authors I have cited, feels no
stretch, no violence, in being made to cover all
such cases, and no construction of the rule fall-
ing short of this can come up to the true pur-
poses of the Constitution.
I beg not to be misunderstood; I am speak-
ing of Davis as president and commander-in-
chief, having the powers notoriously possessed
by him, pervading, despotic, resistless. While
I "hold him to have been everywhere present as
a principal, in the sense of the rule of law, and
consequently triable wherever the "crime was
committed"—present in Virginia, in Tennes-
see, in Kentucky, in Ohio, in Pennsylvania, and
in Vermont, (if the St. Albans raiders acted
under his commission,) I do not claim that
every otherrebel, officer and soldier, was 1' con-
structively present'' at the same times and p] aces.
The Attorney General, in his letter to the Pres-
ident, objects to what he denominates "con-
structive presence," that it implies, if carried
out to its logical results, that every rebel was
present and responsible for every act of war com-
mitted by any other rebel of whatever grade or
condition. This, I must say, is a forced infer-
ence, and not justified at all, either by the rea-
son of the rule or the terms in which itisusually
expressed. To be present is to be aiding and
abetting at the fact and ready to afford assist-
ance ; but itis notnccessary thattheparty should
be an eye or ear witness. All that is required
is that he should be so situated that he canren-
derassistance, and that lie be willing and intend-
ing to assist.
Now, it is notorious that the rebellion has been
attended on the part of Davis, as on our own part,
by a division of territory into sundry military
departments, to which were assigned separate
departmental commanders, each with special
powers over the troops assigned him, and inde-
pendent of all others except the commander-
in-chief. and each army has been subjected to
the orders of a particular general responsible
only to his superior in command. To hold,
therefore, that each of these commanders, much
less the soldiers under him, was present and re-
sponsible for whatever was done by any and all
other persons in promoting the war—present
at overt acts of which they knew nothing, and
in which tliey could not participate if they would,
is openly to violate the rule itself. It is to con-
found the distinction between the law and the
fact, to force the rule to imply a different state
of facts from that which it contemplates. Surely,
neither Hood nor his men on the east side of
the Mississippi were guilty of being present at
the operations of Kirby Smith in another de-
partment on the west side. And why? Simply
because they were not ready, able, willing, and
intending to aid and assist him. They were
not, as to Smith's particular overt acts, his ac-
complices, while at the same time Davis, who
was able and willing and actually rendered aid,
was the accomplice of each, and the accomplice
of every man who raised his arm against his
country during the war. He accepted that bad
eminence; Lee accepted the next rank in the
grandeur ofinfamy, perfidy, and murder: Breck-
inridge another, and others still had their sepa-_
rate parts assigned them in the great, drama of
treason and civil war. Surely the Attorney
General does not mean to say that the rule of
law relating to presence, as I have stated it from
the books and from the highest adjudications,
would make each of these subordinates as well
as his men criminally responsible for what all
the others did. And yet by using the expres-
sion " constructive presence," unknown both to
the Constitution and to the common law as it
respects treason, he leaves it to be inferred that'
some class or party among us embrace the ab-
surd opinion that every rebel, high or low, was
in contemplation of law present and responsi-
ble at the commission of the crime by every
other, though in no situation to aid and abet
that other; and seems to hold that while this
constructive presence is legal absence, actual
presence must imply, if not personal presence
and immediate personal participation in the
overt act, at least personal presence and par-
ticipation within the boundaries of the State
or (listrict where the crime was actually com-
mitted. Butproperlyspeakingthereisno such
thing as constructive presence known to the
law of treason, nor, indeed, any other felony.
Those alone are present who either committhe
criminal act or are leagued in the conspiracy
and so situated in reference to that act as to be
ready, able, and willing to assist in it. In all'
felonies except treason those who incite the
crime or render assistance afterward, but who
are not so situated at its perpetration, are ac-
cessories either before or after the fact. But
as in treason the crime consists not in such
accessorial acts but only in acts of levying war,
there are none but principals, and a principal
in felony must of course be one who is present.
The term 1'constructive presence," therefore,
as employed by the learned Attorney General,
if intending anything not implied by the ac-
cepted definition of legal presence, means ex-
actly the contrary. Legal presence, I cannot
doubt, comprehends, in the case of a com-
mander, all military orders and acts of pro-
curing, or, in other words, causing acts of war
to be committed by his soldiers or subordi-
nates, wherever given and done, and render
him triable in any judicial district in his de-
partment where those orders are executed or
those acts result in levying war; for this pres-
ence results directly from the military authority
he holds and exercises. This authority is just
as effectual in one place within his department
as in another. The doctrine of legal presence
was devised for the purpose of testing and
malting out the guilt of a traitor, not to screen
him. It was for the great purpose of protect-
ing society and Government from tumult, an-
archy, and violence, not "to screen the guilty
and to varnish crime." It was devised as a
plain, practical rule of common sense by which
courts were to hold the man guilty who was
really so; not to enable the powerful, the cun-
ning, and the wary to "entangle justice in the
net of law," and escape her falling ax by the
dexterous maneuver of darting from one place
to another. _ _ ,
I cannot resist the conclusion that Davis may
be legally tried in any judicial district where
hostilities have taken place; and that each of
his subordinate generals may in like manner be
tried for all the'aets of their respective com-
mands committed in their respective depart-
ments. I see no difficulty in applying the
ordinary doctrine of legal presence to all these
cases. But upon the doctrine of the Attorney
General I foresee no prosecutions for treason.
I foresee that justice will be cheated of her due,
of victims whose lives have been a thousand
times forfeited lo their country by the crimes
they have committed against her laws, and all
other laws, human and divine; offenders whose
condign punishment for treason against that
country is demanded by the outraged feelings
of every true man in the land, by the dying
groans of the myriads of the loyal who have
fallen, by the cries of the widows and orphans
left to mourn and to- suffer, by the dignity of
this nation as one of the family of nations, and
by the voice of eternal justice, without whose
favor neither a nation nor an individual can
prosper. It is true the war has ceased to drench
the earth with blood; the rebels have laid down
their arms; they are conquered, but with a
supercilious sneer at their conquerers, kindly
and condescendingly assure them that they
"accept the situation," that southern independ-
ence is a failure, and that they are willing and
readv again to be represented in Congress ; but
we all know that at heart they hate and detest
the Government they betrayed four years ago,
and which now holds them" in the iron grip of
conquest. The^ hate it, and hate thelojial peo-
ple who uphold it, for the same reason that amy
criminal who has sought the life of au innocent
man. hates the man who has brought him to ju&-
ti ce. They hate it because their failure to shake
off its authority has deeply stung their pride
and brought a total eclipse upon their.vainglor^
and their vanity; becarrserseeing among tfiem?*
selves the desolation of war, and the poverty,;
starvation, and beggary it has brought to Shew
own doors, they recognize in.these the laistengr
the unanswerable evidences of their own folly;
weakness, and madness. And as they gaze
upon the picture their hearts derive comfort
only from a closer attachment to the lost cause
and to the leaders and demi-gods they have so
long worshiped.
- It is, sir, utterly vain t$ think of obtaining a
conviction of those leaders at the hands of a
jury made up of such materials. They would:
be far more likely to bring ill a verdictof guilty
against the judge on the bench, the President;
of the United States, or some of the heads of
Department. At any rate I regard, it as wholly
out of the question to try and convict Davis or
any other rebel leader of the crime of treason"
in any rebel State, for the plain reason that no
impartial jury can be there found to try him.
The doctrine of the Attorney General, if it shall
bo adhered to, practically defeats it; defeats
the just expectations of the country,_ and sets
aside all that the President has said about
making treason odious. I predict, sir, that no
such conviction, no .such trial, will ever be had.
Treason will not thus be made odious, but will
go without day.
The President, in his message at the opening
of the session, very patriotically remarks that
persons who are charged with the commission
of treason should have a fair and impartial trial
in the highest tribunals of the country, in order
that the Constitution and laws may be fully
vindicated, the truth clearly established and
affirmed that treason is a crime, that traitors
should be punished, and the offense made in-
famous. But how can this be done upon the
principles of law held by the Attorney General?
However well intended by the President, this
declaration must remain without any practical
value whatever so long as it is hampered and
loaded down by official construction of the Con-
stitution which renders it useless—a construc-
tion which has never received the sanction of
the Supreme Court, nor fully of any circuit
court of the United States, because the ques-
tion has never been fully and fairly presented
to them.
No, sir, this style of showing that treason is
a. crime, and making it infamous, is a mere
delusion. It is recommending to be done that
which will not be done, and cannot be done
under the doctrines now prevailing in the office
of the Attorney General; and it only remains
for the President to do what is recommended
by the resolution under consideration, and put
Davis and his fellow-prisoners on trial before
a court, and for a crime as to which he at least
needs no professional advico at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 61 is now before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. If there be no objection—
T presume there will not be—I should like to
have a vote taken on this resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I prefer that it should
fro over. I wish to make some remarks on the
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the order of
the day.
. PROTECTION OP CIVIL EIGHTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 61)
to protcct, all persons in the United States in
their civil rights, and furnish the. means of their
vindication, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Trumbull, to insert after
the word "that" in the third line of the first
section the words:
All persons born in tlio United States,and notsub-
ject to any foreign Power, excluding Indiansnot
!l "taxed, arc iier'cby dceiarcu to be citizens of tne oni-
II ted States, without distinction of color, ana.
