1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
now bo legally departed from. The first State consti-
tution was adopted in convention in 1776; the second
was adopted by a similar convention in 1829; the third
by a similar convention in 1851; the Wheeling con-
stitution by a similar convention in 1861, and the Al-
exandria constitution by a similar convention in 1804.
If constant and unvarying usage from the earliest
periods of our history as a State down through all the
successive changes in our constitution, till the pres-
ent time, and through revolutions and war, as well
as peace, does not constitute a 'common law,' to
regulate the method of changing the constitution, it
is difficult to conceive how any law could be estab-
lished.
" From the facts above stated, the following propo-
sitions appear plainly deducible:
" 1. That fourteen delegates and six senators do not
constitute a legal Legislature, and that, therefore, all
tho acts of the sessions commencing December 3,1864,
and June 21,1865, are void, and all thathas been done
by virtue of authority derived fromthose acts is void.
"2. That, even if fourteen delegates and sis'sena-
tors do constitute a legal Legislature, still they have
no power to change the State constitution, as they
have attempted to do, and that such change, and all
acts done by virtue of it, are void.
" S. That the whole thing being now, through this
illegal Legislature, placed in the hands of ex-rebels,
who arc clearly disfranchised by the organic law of the
State, tho legislators, judges, magistrates, &c., being
nearly ai) of the disfranchised class, the evil cannot
be remedied by any power within tho State, but
Congress alone can relieve Virginia from the inex-
tricable confusion into which she is plunged.
"4. That the best means of accomplishing this is to
disregard the present State organization and organ-
ize anew.
It may be interesting to know the votes given for
Governor on 28th of May, 1863, the time Governor
Peirpoint was elected Governor of Virginia.
Vi\H.Peirpoint, 3,367; W. It. B. Custes, 137*; G. T.
Yerby, 37; and that part of the following counties
only voted: Elizabeth City. Fairfax. Northampton,
Loudoun. York, Prhice William, Norfolk, Alexan-
dria, besides Berkeley and Jefferson, now in West
Virginia."
And in this connection I* may be permitted
to read an extract from a letter of February
10, in part on the validity of the Virginia Legis-
lature, written by that ablest of all the states-
men of the "Old Dominion/' the loyal John
M. Bolts, who demonstrates alike the disloy-
alty of the South and the illegality of the as-
sumed authority of the so-called Virginia Le-
gislature. He says:
"I have seen this same Legislature overstepping
its legitimate bounds, usurping the functions of tho
courts, with Argus eyes peering over the State for an-
other victim to satiate their rapacity, and stretching
out ifs Briarean arms to strike at a Union railroad
president in order to put a secession president in his
place. X do not mean by this to express any opinion
as to the merits of this unfortunate controversy—un-
fortunate l'or the interests ot tho stockholders and the
State—but 1 do mean to say that in my opinion the
Legislature had no right to interfere in tho matter,
and that it Mr. Barbour felt aggrieved, his remedy
was to appeal to the proper judicial tribunals for re-
lict; arid I mean to say, moreover, that ho exhibits
an extraordinaiy doorreo of credulity and simplicity
who believes that if Mr. Barbour bad been tlie Union
candidate and Mr. Jnmicson the secession candi-
date for the presidency of the Orange and Alexandria
road that he would have been able to obtain tho
same proceedings from the body calling itself the
. Legislature ot' Virginia. I have seen that Mr. Alex-
ander II Stephens himself, but yesterday steeped up
up to his eyelids in secession and rebellion, (which
in Ajpril, 1861, in a speech delivered in Richmond,
he said had boen forced upon thoSouth, and that the
South had tho ri&ht on their side,) and who has just
been elected to the Senate of tho United States, be-
cause of his participation in tho rebellion, declaring
in a letter to a friend in Washington that 'the con-
dition and persecution of the Union men in Georgia
are vastly worse than during the rebellion.'
"I have seen application after application, and
memorial after memorial, coming up to Congress from
Union men in nearly all the so-called reconstructed
fetates, complaining of the bad treatment and vio-
lence done to thorn by the secession clement of their
several localities. I myself have been almost daily
in receipt ol letters for the last two months, saying
that they aro looking 1o me to do something to stay
tnc hand ot tins prosenptive and intolerant party
in,- ,1s aQd praying that I will comc to their
relief.
" I have seen, too, those men whom abecoming mod-
esty, and a commendable diffidence of their capacity
and pretensions to govern, after thecvents'of tholast
four years, would have kept, at least for a time, in
the background, rushing with hot haste to assert their
own indestructible and inalienable right, as if by
divine injunction, to govern and control, by thrust-
ing themselves into places they had no constitutional
right to fill, and grasping with greedy hand at every
high and petty office for those whose claims rested
alone on the fact of their service in tho rebel cause.
I have scon men wheedling and cajoling President
Johnson in the pre=s, in public meetings, and in tho
legislative halls, who, when they get him in their
powc-i, will measure out to him tho same allowance
1 hnf They have tn Governor Peirpoint, for the unpar-
don tMc: sin of having been a southern Union man
during the rebellion, allot'which is set forth and fully
avowed by that infamous, mischievous, and treason-
able sheet, the New York Daily News, which would .
lead 1&e South to her still deeper ruin and degrada-
tion, and which has a largeifcirculation, is more ex-
tensively read, is sought after with greater avidity
throughout the South than any other paper in the
United States, and which is regarded as the most
faithful organ of the disloyal element of the South,
when it says of Hon. Joshua Hill, of Georgia:
"'Never can he represent there or elsewhere the
brave and gallant men of Georgia. They know bet-
ter than to intrust the honor of their dead and the
interests ofthelivingtosuchashe. ^ Men do not trust
those who have been false toth&m"in the hour of dan-
ger and darkness. The southern- people never will,
never can confide in those who, born among them or
living in their midst during the dark and stormy days
of their grand struggle, prayed or sighed at least for
the success of the foe, and for the ruin and devasta-
tion of the houses and temples and fields of the South,
and for that fearful oppression beneath which these
people are now staggering and groaning.'
"IIere, then, is the edict that has gone forth from
the fountain source, the law-maker and the law-giver
of secession depravity, the fate that awaits all good,
true, and loyal men who stood by their country in
the country's peril, and hazarded fortune, liberty,
and life in its defense, as did Andrew Johnson in
Tennessee during the great strife and struggle forthe
life of tho nation, and for the liberties of mankind
on the one hand, and the perpetuation of the power
of southern democracy on the other. And all this we
are asked to rcceive as unmistakable evidence of a
purpose on the part of the conquered to do full jus-
tice and to extend a full measure of mercy and for-
bearance to their conquerors in the great conflict
and strike for higher wages through which we have
passed; in this is foreshadowed the fate of Mr. John-
son, whom thoy now smother with caresses, and stuff
with professions of loyalty to him, if he should ever
have tho misfortune to fall into their forgiving and
merciful arms." * * * * 55 *
"Now, then, I may be asked for what good purpose
have I opened up, or propose to open up, these cases,
and I answer, I propose to show to these gentlemen
what is held by some of the best lawyers in this coun-
try to be sound, incontrovertible law in their eases—
thaL they are not yet far enough out of the woods to
pm$h all these airs of superiority and lordly dictation
to those who have rights in this Government superior
to their own, to show to them that theystand on dan-
gerous ground, with a mine beneath, arfd that they
cannot and will not bo permitted to frown down, or
crush down, to trample down, to vote down, to write
down, or to putdownln any way the Union men of the
South who have it in their t^wer to place them in a
far worse condition than thejffaveyet occupied from
the beginning of the rebellion, and in afar worse con-
dition than they can place the Union men, either by
voting them out of office, or otherwise oppressing or
harassing them. As for their social distinctions, let
them bo kept up to their heart's content. Nobody
cares, I suppose, to associate with any of those who
prefer other society. This pretention and arrogance
is too ridiculous and contemptible to-produce any
other feeling than that of pity and derision. If this
disposition proceeded froln the pride of the con-
quered it might be respected; but when it proceeds
from bad taste, bad temper, bad Tceling, and worse
judgment, I should despiso the man or woman who
would stoop to conciliate it. They have the right to
do it, but thoso who cncouragG it stand much in the
way of their own interests and tho interests of the
State, when wo should all work together for the
common good; but they can be permitted no longer
to troat Union men with indignity, nor to stigmatize
them as traitors, for dvery such Union man has his
remedy in his own hands. If any man calls me a
traitor, or thinks me one, I challenge him to a trial
of the question; let him make an affidavit against
me, and I will return the compliment to him and
have the question tried. I will promise to plead no
pardon in bar that I have crawled to the footstool of
power to solicit.
"Do you ask me whatthis remedy is? I'll tell you.
Suppose the loyal men refuse to pay the taxes im-
posed by the body now in session—and I give tfmely
notice now that I will not pay ono dollar of tax im-
posed upon me—on theground, first, that the Legisla-
ture is not alawfully and constitutionally constituted
body, and, second, that itis composed in part of aliens,
whose pardons are of no avail, and who have no more
right to tax me than a Mexican Legislature would
have. The sheriff seizes my property, andl apply to
the judge for an injunction and appeal to the law for
protection; he grants the injunction and ho decides
that thoy did or did n<& comply with the provisions
of the constitution, that they were or were not aliens,
and that the pardons were or were not granted in ac-
cordance with the provisions of theconstitution. The
case is carried up to tho court of appeals, and from
there to the Supreme Court of tho United States.
Here is a case-made for the Supreme Court, and sup-
pose they decido thatthe pardons are good for nothing,
then all any citizen has to do is to go before a magis-
trate or district judge of the Federal court and
make oath that such a party has been guilty of trea-r
son and demand a warrant for his arrest, and he is
bound to issue such warrant, and bring him to trial,
when the pardon can be plead in bar, and thus bring
it to the Supreme Court for adjudication.
Now I want to be understood. Not a paidon has
been granted that T desire to see revoked. There is
no man that I have eared to see pronounced an alien
by the law, provided full justice is done to the Union
men, of whom there aro from thirty to fifty thousand
in this State, and who would openly proclaim it if it
were not for the terror of public opinion and the fear
of denunciation from tho public press; but if there
were but a handful, a baker's dozen, or if I stood
alone, I would demand it for myself. Therefore I
call upon every Union man in the State, and in the
South, to stand «p for their rights without fear and
say to all who would withhold them, 'Stand from
under.'.
"Of course I must expect to hear a general howl
and volumes of abuse from the 'reconstructed;' but
-I am so used to this that it don't hurt, and if they
knew what contempt I feel for all such trash they
would save their wrath and bottle it up for somebody
else that would feel it more than I do. I once heard
it said that if a man throws a stone in the dark, and
he heard a dog howl, you may be sure it hit him. This
much in anticipation of what is to come.
"This thing has to be stopped, for I pledge myself
to bring the whole matter to a judicial decision, as I
said before, if it costs me half that I am worth in the
world if it is not. ' Verbum sat in prcesenti.'
"I am, very respectfully and truly, your friend,
"JOHNM. BOTTS."
Let it be remembered that if constitutional
amendments are not secured now, they will not
be secured when these Halls are filled with
representatives from the rebel States.
And now, having given my views of this sub-
ject, I will, at the earliest practicable day, ask
this House to pass the joint resolution.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Tiiayer)
asked leave of absence for next week for Mr.
Garfield.
Leave was granted.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman"
from Ohio withdraw that motion for one" mo-
ment ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir. v
FALL OF GOLD.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to inquire
whether any preparations have been made to
drape/ this Hall in mourning in consequence
of the fall of gold to 125 ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have not heard
from any gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. WENTWORTK Well, I will simply
say that although I am in favor of the fall of
gold, yet if the opponents of it wish to do any-
thing of that kind I do not know that-1 would
object.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I would like to inquire at the same time whether
anything has occurred that is likely to bring
about a fall of taxes. Taxes have not fallen
any, if gold has. The price of the means whereby
taxes are to be paid is falling-, and will continue
to fall; yet taxes are not likely to decrease.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will simply say,
Mr. Speaker, in answer to the gentleman, that
there is every probability that the few remain-
ing soldiers of the Revolution and their widows,
the soldiers of the war of 1812, and the brave
boys who fought so nobly to put down the late
rebellion, will, with members of Congress and
the employes of this House, rejoice in a few
days in the fact that the credit of this great
Government of ours has been restored, and
that the money of the nation is at par. God
bless the soldiers! ^
Mr. GRIDER asked and obtained leave to
print a speech. [See Aupendix.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I renew my motion
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., wcro presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. KASSON: The petition of Campbell &
Thayer, and ouiers, for increase of duty on foreign
linseed oil imported.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of citizens of Clay-
ton, Jcffcrson county, New York, in favor of univer-
sal suffrage.
By Mr. M0R"RILL: The petition of assistant as-
sessors of second district of Vermont for increase of
pay.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of John H.
1 rice & Co., and others, for theremoval of the tax on
barrels and cafiks.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of J. H. "Worcester,
and 90 others, for the amendment} of the tariff law so
as to protect American labor.
By Mr. UPSON: The preamble and resolutions of
the Common Council of tho eity of Lansing, Michi-
gan, in favor of the extension of the land grant made
to the State of Michigan for the pSfpose of building
a railroad from Amboy, viaLansmg, to Traverse Bay,
and requesting the Senators and Representatives
from that State to use all honorable means to pro-
cure such extension.
