154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Morrill.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
dered to its military authority. He might adopt
the mode and employ the agents which he
deemed best suited to the end. As Command-
er-in-Chief, he could hold such governments
subject to his military power, as he did still con-
tinue to do, until the supreme legislative power
of the nation should make provision for the case.
But could he, as President of the United States,
chief Executive, invest these States with the
political and civil rights of " sovereign States"
m the Union, and at the same time hold them
subject wholly to his power as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy? If they are
American States in the Union, only lacking
representation in Congress, with Governors,
Legislatures, and courts, their civil authority
restored, on what ground is it that these Gov-
ernors, Legislatures, and courts are held subor-
dinate to the power of the commanders of mil-
itary departments; and on what ground is it
that the constitutions and laws of those States
are set aside and annulled by military orders of
the commanding generals? It is that the war
is not over; not so been adjudged. The military
authority of the President is supreme; the vol-
unteers enlisted for the war not yet permitted
to return to their homes; the laws are not yet
supreme; and the insurrectionary States have
not yet been restored to those relations with
the nation essential to peace and repose by the
supreme legislative authority.
Now, Mr. President, it is contended that
this proposed amendment to the Constitution
violates the great American rule of representa-
tion embraced in the Constitution, which rule
is defined to be "representation according to
numbers." I allude now to the argument of
the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johxsox.] If I understand his proposition
and his reasoning, there are no longer "other
persons" mentioned in the Constitution, three
fifths of whom constituted a part of the basis
of representation. His next postulate is, that
these slaves have become freemen, and being
freemen, are citizens. I will read an extract
from the honorable Senator's speech, in which
his view on that subject is much better stated
than I could state it:
"Now, as far as relates to the quota of taxation, or
as far as relates to the quota of representation, the
stato of things is materially changed. There are no
men, so to speak, who are but three fifths men. We
all stand upon the same platform. As we came from
nature's God, we stand-together upon an equality as
far as relates to human rights, and it was entirely
unnecessary, therefore, to change the mode of appor-
tioning representation or of apportioning taxation
except for some other purpose which did not enter
into tile estimation of the wise and good men by whom
the Constitution was adopted in recommending this
particular provision."
This argument proceeds, first, upon the as-
sumption that the "other persons" no longer
constitute the basis of representation, and that
those other persons," by the change in the
Constitution freeing the slaves, have become
free men, and being free men are eitizens. and
being citizens are entitled to representation. I
assume that to be the method of the argument.
It is difficult for me to see that there could be
any other. The difficulty in the proposition is
that " the assumed fact is not conceded tobethe
fact. \\ ho says that these slaves ceasing to be
slaves become free men? 1 know the honorable
Senator from Maryland says so, and it does him
great credit; but what is the fact in the States
that are interested in this question? Do they
say it? No, sir. They hold that when they
ceased to be slaves they merely became "freed-
men," simply not slaves. But were they in-
Tested with political rights and privileges? Not
at all. Were they free men? Not a bit of it.
Were they citizens? The lastthing in the world!
They are freedmen simply; and theirargument
is that according to all law and usage, ancient
and modern, the simple act of freeing a slave,
if you go no further, does notinvest him thereby
with all the rights, civil and political, and with
all the immunities of the community in which
he happens to be. What, then, is the condition
of these "freedmen" in these States? They
hold them to-day as altogether outside of the
objects of society. They say they never were
American citizens. They are Africa in Amer-
ica; that is all; they are not citizens; they are
not free men; they ha ve no right whatever which
that community is bound to respect; they are
more than ever beyond the pale and protection
ofthe Constitution; they have not even a master
to serve with an interest in l\is service to care
for his physical condition.
Sir, it does not follow by any means that these
men who were slaves are free men, but accord-
ing to the whole code of the South—morals,
laws, and constitutions of the South—the very
structure of its society, civil, social, and polit-
ical, they are outside of the pale of society,
outside of the pale of the Constitution. They
are not members of the body-politic in any sense
whatever. They are nomadic in their relations, j
They are as if but wandering tribes. They are, j
in the sense of the Constitution, "Indians not j
taxed," within the limits for whom we are not I
responsible, to whom we owe no duty and 110 j
protection whatever, and they have abundant 1
authority upon this subject, the highest author-
ity in the country. The Supreme Court of the
country has determined, according to the his-
tory and according to the politics of the coun-
try, that they were never designed to be em-
braced within the pale of the Constitution, they
never belonged to the governing class, were not
ofthe American people, and now they maintain
that that people are not entitled to the rights,
privileges, and immunities of citizens of the Uni-
ted States. I meet the honorable Senator upon
hisproposition, and I maintain thatit fails utterly
and wholly, because, as the matter stands, the
freedman is in the power and under the control
of these States. They deny his citizenship, claim
to determine his status, civil and political, and
so far are upheld in ,it by the nation, and the
Senator does not propose to interfere.
The honorable Senator talks humanely, as he
always does, but he talks to no effect when he
talks upon this proposition that these people,
ceasing to be slaves, become American citizens,
and then turns them over to the communities
in which they are, and upon which they are
dependent, and by whom to be governed and
adjudged, and especially when he holds that
interference on the part of Congress would be
a violation of State rights and revolutionary.
Mr. HOW E. If his speech were put into a
law it would be all right.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, if I could put, the
honorable Senator's speech into a law I would
settle this thing at once; but the difficulty is,
that out of this Chamber it has not the force of
law. It is powerful for persuasion here, but with
these States whose representatives he asks us to
receive, and whose authority over this subject
we are told is conclusive, it is worth nothing.
But, Mr. President, to repeat, if this is a
question for the national Government, then my
honorable friend (if he will allow me to call him
so) from Maryland would be right. If he could
back his speech by the authority of the nation
and say, " That is the law, and the States shall
obey it," then our remedy is complete. Then,
sir, ceasing to be slaves, these men become
American citizens; they become freemen, and
the nation taking upon itself the great obliga-
tion to protect its citizens in all their rights :
would enact that these States should have no |
representation whatever until they accorded i
these rights, and we would not leave it optional 1
with themwe would say by authority of law, !
"If you wish your rights and privileges re- !
speeted, you must respect the rights and tin5 I
privileges of the whole body of the citizens of !
the Republic." :
The honorable Senator settles the right ofthe !
States to determine the status of these freed- '
men, substantially, when he holds that it is the
right of the States to say whether - they shall
have the suffrage or not. "Suffrage is the high-
est element, the highest privilege/ nay, the high-
est right of the American citizen. Without it, f
all other rights are of little value. Without
it, the power to protect his rights is wanting.
I maintain that when the honorable Senator
argues that the right of suffrage is a matter
wholly with the States, and the United Statea
Government has nothing to do with it and can-
not deal with it, he denies to the freedmen
within the power ofthe States the great essential
right of American citizenship, without which
he has no protection, without which, as a race,
he must always be subordinate, always be
within the power of the men who vote for him.
The logic of the argument of the honorable
Senator, that these men become citizens by
force of emancipation, is negatived by the argu-
ment that, it is a question for the States, and
we stand here to-day doing on that argument
only what we can do, to say to these people,
"If you ignore his rights you shall not vote for
him."
Mr. President, suppose they are freemen and
citizens; suppose now they belong to the great
body ofthe American people and are part and
parcel of it, and that we are one people, the
American people are a unit, and there is no
distinction of person?, before American law;
that being the rule, then I take it, the argument
of the honorable Senator from Maryland, so far
as a question of injustice to these States is con-
cerned, falls to the ground; for if these men
are citizens, as he maintains, and they have the
rights and the privileges of citizenship, it is the
rankest injustice that they should be denied the
suffrage; and any law which the Congress of
the United States could pass, or any alteration
of the American Constitution which the Ameri-
can people could enact, which should deny these
people in the South the right to represent the
race to whom they themselves refuse representa-
tion and yet govern and oppress by taxation,
would be in harmony, I take it, by the general
sentiment of mankind; certainly such provis-
ion would be in harmony with the principles
of justice. By what authority, allow me to ask,
is it that these States having within their juris-
diction four million human beings, to whom
they deny every right known to man, whom
they claim to hold to forced labor by black
codes and vagrant laws, in their arrogance and
assumption turn to the Government of the
United States and demand to be allowed to vote
for these men thus held in a state of total disa-
bility, civil and political ?
But., Mr. President, thehonorableSenatorwill
allow me to say that I think he is quite at fault-in
his definition of the rule of American representa-
tion. I do not understand, either by the history
of that rule or by that which can be drawn from a
fair interpretation ofthe Constitution, that the
rule is^ at all as the honorable Senator under-
stands it. He reads the rule to be representation
accordingto numbers. I maintain that thegrcat
American rule is. andhas been from the begin-
ning, representation according to freemen. rep-
resentation according to citizenship. I read the
constitutional provision:
"Representative? and direct faxes shall ho appor-
tioned among the several States which maybe in-
cJuued within this L irion, aceordincr to their respect-
ive numbers, which shall be determined"—
How?
by addirnr to the -whole number of free poon* in-
cluding thoseboundtopervicc forn r.-nnnf nrd
excluding Indians not taxed, three fifth* of ;u\ other
persons.
Those pother persons v were the and
no other. rj he ba,-isof representation nvus upon
the free persons, not simply on number*;, be-
cause the exception winch follows excludes the
idea that it rested on numbers. The ore at
fundamental law was representation on free
persons. The exception was of slaves who wen?
not freemen, hut numbers. All the freemen
and three fifths of tho-numbersKhull be counted,
is the fair interpretation of that clause: and that
is exactly in harmony with the history of the
rigrht of suffrage and ofthe right of citizenship
as interpreted in ail the constitutions and in the
legislation of ail the States during the revolu-
