THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February 1,
• -Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, it is not my
.purpose to enter upon any general discussion
of the character of this bill or the measure at
large. It :has been denominated by the hon-
orable Senator who reported it to the Senate
£Mr, Tsdmbull] asan important measure, and
it-has been so characterized by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] and it
undoubtedly in its genera) scope and bearing
is of the- highest importance. But I purpose
address" myself, in. the brief moments that I
shall ask the indulgence of the Senate, to the
amendment simply and alone. This amend-
ment is important or unimportant as we under-
stand the principles of public laiv applicable to
the general subject It is important as a dec-
laration of American law I concede. It is im-
portant moreover as ,a definition.
" If-there is anything with which the American
people are troubled, and if there is anything
with which the American statesman is per-
plexed and vexed, it is what to do with the
negro, how to define him, what lie is in Amer-
ican law, and to what rights he is entitled.
What shall we do with the everlasting, inevi-
table negro? is the question which puzzles all
brains and ve.-jes all statesmanship. Now, as
a-definition, this amendment settles it. Hith-
'erto we have said that he was a nondescript in
our statutes ; he had no status; he was ubiqui-
tous; he was both man and thing; ho was three
fifths of aperson for representation and he was
a thing for commerce and for use. In the high-
est sense, then, in which any definition can ever
be held, this bill is important as a definition.
It defines him to be a man and only a man in
American politics and in American law ; it puts
him on the plane of manhood; it brings him
within the pale of the Constitution. That is
all it does as a definition, and there it leaves
him.
' But, sir, as a question of law I do not attach
any very great importance to the declaration.
It is not an enactment in the sense of the law,
and the honorable chairman so understands it.
He understands that it is an affirmative propo-
sition. It affirms the high principles of Amer-
ican law, and that only. '1 herefore, it is not
an enactment in the sense of the law, in the
sense of legislation, but a declaration of ngrand,
fundamental principle of law and politics, and
as such I hail it; as such it has a transcendent
importance; as such it is without a parallel in
the history of the legislation of this country or
perhaps of any other.
As matter of law, does anybody deny here
or anywhere that the native born is a citizen,
and a citizen by virtue of his birth alone ? The
honorable Senator from Kentucky has vexed
himself somewhat 1 think with the problem of
the naturalization of American citizens. As
he reads it, only foreigners can be naturalized,
or, in other words, can become citizens; and
upon his assumption, four million men and
women in this country are outside not only of
naturalization, not only of citizenship, butout-
side of the possibility of citizenship. Sir, lie
has forgotten the grand principle botii of nature
and nations, both of law and politics, that birth
gives citizenship of itself. This is the funda-
mental principle running through all modern
politics both in this country and in Furope.
Everywhere where the principles of law have
been recognized at all, birth by its inherent
energy and force gives citizenship. Therefore
the founders of this Government, made no pro-
vision—of course they made none—for the nat-
uralization of natural-born citizens. The Con-
stitution speaks of '' natural born,'' and speaks
of them as citizens in contradistinction from
those who are alien to us. Therefore, sir, this
amendment, although it is a grand enunciation,
although it is a lofty and sublim e declaration .has
no force or efficiency as an enactment. I hail
it and accept it simply as a declaration.
The honorable Senator from Kentuckv, when
he criticises the methods of naturalization, and
rules out. for want of power, four million peo-
ple, forgets this general process of nations and
of nature by which every man, by his birth, is
entitled to citizenship, and that upon the gen-
eral principle that he owes allegiance to the
country of his birth, and that country owes him
protection. That is the foundation, as I under-
stand it, of all citizenship, and these are the
essential elements of citizenship, allegiance on
the one side and protection on the other.
But, sir, this amendment to which I address
myself is important in another respect. It
marks an epoch in the history of this country,
and from this time forward the legislation takes
a fresh and 3 new departure. Sir, to-day is the
only hour since this Government began when it
was possible to have enacted it. Such has been
the situation of politicsin this country, nay, sir,
such have been the provisions of the funda-
mental law of this country, that such legislation,
hitherto, has never been possible. Tliere has
•been no time since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment when an American Congress could by
possibility have enacted such a law, or with pro-
priety have made such a declaration. What is
this declaration? All persons born in this coun-
try are citizens. That never was so before.
Although 1 have said that by the fundamental
principles of American law all persons were en-
titled to be citizens by birth, we all know that
there was an exceptional condition in the gov-
ernment of the country which provided for an
exception to this general rule. Here were four
million slaves in this country that were not citi-
zens, not citizens by the general policy of the
country, not citizens on account of their con-
dition of servitude; up to this hour they could
not have been treated by us as citizens; so long
as that provision in the Constitution which rec-
ognized this exceptional condition remained
the fundamental law of the country, such a dec-
laration as this would not have been legal, could
not have been enacted by Congress. I hail it,
therefore, as a declaration which typifies a grand
fundamental change in the politics of the coun-
try, and which changc justifies the declaration
now.
The Senator from Kentucky denounces as a
usurpation this measure, and particularly this
amendment, this declaration. He says it is not
within the principles of the Constitution. That
it is extraordinary I admit. That the measure
is not ordinary is most clear. There is no
parallel, 1 have already said, for it in the his-
j tory of this country; there is no parallel for it
in the history of anv country. iSTo nation from
( the foundation of government has ever under-
i taken to make a legislative declaration so broad.
Why? Because no nation hitherto has ever
cherished a liberty so universal. The ancicnt
republics were all" exceptional in their liberty;
they all had excepted classes, subjected classes,
which were not the subject of government; and
therefore they could not so legislate. That it
is extraordinary and without a parallel in the
history of this Government or of any other
docs not atfect the character of the declaration
itself.
^ The Senator from Kentucky tells us that the
proposition is revolutionary, and he thinks that
is an objection. J freely concede that it is rev-
olutionary. 1 admit that this species of legis-
lation is absolutely revolutionary. But are we
not in the midst of revolution? fs the Senator
from Kentucky utterly oblivions to the grand
results of four years of war ? Are wc not in
the midst of a civil aud political revolution which
has changed the fundamental principles of our
Government in some respects? Sir, is it no
revolution that you have changed the entire
system of servitude in this country? Is it no
revolution that now you can no longer talk of
two systems of civilization in this country?
Four short years back I remember to have lis-
tened to eloquent speches in this Chamber, in
which we were told that there was a grand an-
tagonism in our institutions; that there were
two civilizations; that there was a civilization
based on servitude, and that it was antagonistic
to the free institutions of the country. Where
is that? Gone forever. That result is a revo-
lution grander and sublimer in its consequences
than the world has witnessed hitherto.
I aeccpt, then, what the Senator from Ken-
tucky thinks so obnoxious. We are in the midst
of revolution. We have revolutionized this
Constitution of ours to that extent; and every
substantial change in the fundamental constitu-
tion of a country is a revolution. Why, sir, the
Constitution even provides for revolutionizing
itself. Nay, more, it contemplates it: contem-
plates that in the changing phases of life, civil
and political, changes in the fundamental law
will become necessary; and is it needful for me to
advert to the facts and events of the last four or
five years to justify the declaration that revolu-
tion here is not only radical and thorough, but
the result of the events of the last four years?
Of course I mean to contend in all I say that
the revolution of which I speak should be peace-
ful, as on the part of the Government here it
has been peaceful. It grows out, to be sure, of
an assault upon our institutions by those whose
purpose it was to overthrow the Government;
but on the part of the Government it has been
peaceful, it has been within the forms of the
Constitution; but it is a revolution neverthe-
less.
But the honorable Senator from Kentucky
insists that it is a usurpation. Not so, sir.
Although it is a revolution radical, as I contend,
it was not a usurpation. It was not a usurpa-
tion, because it took place within the provisions
contemplated in the Constitution. More than
that, it was a change precisely in harmony with
the general principles of the Government. This
great change which has been wrought in our in-
stitutions was in harmony with the fundamental
principles of the Government. The change
which has been made has destroyed that which
was exceptional in our institutions; and the ac-
tion of the Government in regard to it was pro-
voked by the enemies of the Government. The
opportunity was afforded, and the change which
has been wrought was in harmony with the
fundamental principles of the Government.
But, Mr. President, it is said that this amend-
ment raises the general question of the antag-
onism of the races, which wc are told is a wcll--
established fact. It is said that no rational man,
nointelligentlegislatororstatesman should ever
act without reference to that grand historical
fact; and the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan*] on a former occasion asserted that this
Government, that American society, had been
established here upon the principle of the ex-
clusion, as he termed it, of the inferior and the
barbarian races. Mr. President, I deny that
proposition as a historical fact. There is noth-
ing more inaccurate. No proposition could
possibly be made here or anywhere else more
inaccurate than to say that American society,
either civil or political, was formed in the in-
terest of any race or class. Sir, the history of
the country does not bear out the statement, of
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania. Was
not America said to be the land of refuge? Has
it not been since the earliest period held up as
an asylum for the oppiessed of all nations?
Hither, allow me to ask, have not all the peo-
ples of the nations of the earth come for an
asylum and for refuge ? All the nations of the
earth and alltlievarietiosofthe races of the na-
tions of the earth have gathered here. In the
early settlements of the country, the Irish, the
French, the Swede, the Turk, the Italian, the
Moor, and so I might enumerate all the races
and all the variety of races, came here, and it is a
fundamental mistake to suppose that settlement
was begun here in the interests of any class or
condition or race or interest. This western con-
tinent was looked to as an asylum for the op-
pressed of all nations and of all races. Hither
all nations and all races have come. Here, sir,
upon the grand plane of republican democratic
liberty, they have undertaken to work out the
great problem of man's capacity for self-gov-
ernment without stint or limit.
Then the honorable Senator advances one
step further, and contends that not only was
society formed in the interests of a race—the
superior race as he is pleased to call it—but
that Government here was organized in the in-
terest of a race. I deny it utterly. I deny that
Government was organized in the interest of
any race or color, and there is neither '' race''
