1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2595
account of the peculiar duties attached to those
officers they have always been excluded. There
is no necessity for any change of the law so
far as informers arc concerned. _ The commit-
tee were under a misapprehension when they
amended this proviso, thinking it ought to be
extended to all persons who gave information.
That is the law now. We have only, therefore,
added a further division between another class
of officers, which I am told at the Treasury
Department is against the policy of the law, on
the ground of the peculiar duties that they per-
form. They are measurers and appraisers,
whose duty it is to fix the value of the goods,
and therefore they ought not to be subject to
this temptation. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will be non-concurred in and then I pro-
pose to strike out the whole of that proviso.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to amend that
section by striking out the proviso at the end
of it, in the following words:
Provided, That when officers of the customs other
than the eolloctor, naval officer, or surveyor shall
make seizures, they shall be entitled to an equal
share of the distnbution.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next excepted amendment was to strike
out the thirty-fifth section of the bill, in the
following words:
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted. That in all eases
in which the fees and emoluments received by any
collector or other principal officer of the customs are,
in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, insuf-
ficient to afford a reasonable compensation for the
services of such officer, after payment out of the
same of reasonable incidental expenses of the office,
the said Secretary may direct that so much of the said
incidental expenses as shall seem to him to be just
shall be paid out of the appropriation for paying the
expenses of collecting the revenue; and the said Sec-
retary shall have the same power in regard to inci-
dental expenses which have heretofore been incurred
and which have not been settled and paid into the
Treasury; and all fees paid into the Treasury by
customs officers shall bo placed to the credit of the
fund for defraying expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know of
the Senator from Maine the reasons for strik-
ing out that section.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state all I know in
regard to it. It will be seen that this section
gives the Secretary of the Treasury authority
to pay the expenses at places where the rev-
enue docs not produce sufficient to meet the
expenses in certain ports. It confers additional
power to meet such eases. The necessity for
it, it is said, has arisen in the southern ports.
The committee had no evidence when it struck
out this section of any such case, and had no
information of the necessity for it. The infor-
mation that I have obtained at the Treasury
Department this morning is that it is neces-
sary to meet a certain class of cases that have
arisen in the insurrectionary States. In open-
ing ports there the business is light, the ex-
penses are large, and this additional authority
is deemed by the Secretary of the Treasury to
be necessary to meet the new state of circum-
stances.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why do you propose to
strike it out?
Mr. MORRILL. We struck it out before we
knew these facts, and the question now is on
concurring in 1he amendment to strike it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire of my
colleague whether the object sought to be ob-
tained cannot be accomplished substantially by
retaining the last part of the section. Here-
tofore in the disturbed condition of things in
the southern States it may have been necessary
to incur additional expense in this way; but
now that there is no sueh trouble down there,
I am a little averse, unless very good reasons
can be given for it, to clothing the Secretary
of the Treasury with the power to increase,
according to his own judgment, the compensa-
tion of officers. I think, from a casual glance
I had of it, we might make a distinction between
the two classes of cases.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well. I hope the
Senate will non-concur in the amendment to
strike out the section, and then I will move to
amend it by striking out all after the enacting
clause down to and including the words "rev-
enue and" in the tenth line.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole striking out this
section.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to strike out
all of the section after the word "that" in the
first line down to and including the words
"revenue and" in the tenth line.
Mr, JOHNSON. _ That will not do.. You
will have to change it further.
Mr. MORRILL. Why ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Because the subsequent
part of the section refers to what you propose
to strike out. It reads, "and the said Secre-
tary shall have the same power." What
power ?
Mr. MORRILL. Then I will strike out the
word " same."
Mr. JOHNSON. Then what "power" is
referred to ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 'My impression was,
after reading the section, that it could not be
amended; that it had better be redrawn.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no difficulty in
the particular referred to by the Senator from
Maryland, because the Secretary has the power
now to pay the incidental expenses that have
been incurred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he has the power
now there is no need of the section, and you
had better strike it all out.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it had better be
kept in, because they get nothing down there
now. I suggest to niv friend from Maine [Mr.
Morrtix] that the section had better remain
as it was originally drafted.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I desire now to renew
the suggestion I made a short time since, as
there seejns to be some misunderstanding and
difficulty about this bill, that we take up some
other business that belongs to the business of
the day. I therefore move to postpone every-
thing else and take up the message of the Pres-
ident of the United States returning with bis
objections the bill for the admission of Col-
orado into the Union.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I hope that will not be
taken up to-night. It is very late.
Mr. WILSON. Has the bill to prevent
smuggling been disposed of?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill is
still before the Senate.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I have possession of
the floor and have not vielded it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I insist on my motion
that all other business be suspended, and that
the Senate proceed to the reading of the mes-
sage of the President of the United States
returning the Colorado bill to this body.
Mr. MOItRILL. I am very desirous of dis-
posing of the bill before the Senate. 11Link
we can pass it in five or ten minutes more.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Oh, no; it cannot be
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the
Senator from California withdraw his motion ?
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I only want to have
the message read and ordered to be printed ;
that is all.
Mr. MORRILL. You had better withdraw
it for the present.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn, and the question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine to the thirty-
fifth section of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw that amend-
ment. It has been suggested to me that the
section had better Ktaud as it is in the bill.
I will inquire how the question stands in
regard to that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
did not concur in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, and therefore the
section now Elands in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well; then I will
make no motion in regard to it. I move fur-
ther to amend the bill in' section thirty-one,
line twelve, after the word "naval officer," to
strike out the words "surveyor of customs;"
so that it will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho
hereby is, authorized, whenever he shall think it
advantageous to the public service or revenue, to
abolish or suspend the office of naval officer, or any
subordinate office, in any collection district of the
United States, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the third section of the 4>ill. It is to
add the following proviso:
Provided, That no railway car or engino shall be
subject to forfeiture by force of the provisions of this
act, unless it shall appear that the owner, or agent of
the owner in charge thereof at the time of such
unlawful importation or transportation thereon or
thereby, was a consenting party, or privy to sueh
illegal importation or transportation.
It is well known to everybody on the north-
ern frontier that it is perfectly impossible for
railway companies to guard agakist the intro-
duction of contraband goods, to some extent
or other, in their trains. They take, like a
carrier by the sea, the manifests and invoices
of the owner, and the contents of the pack-
ages are stated, and they put them in their
trains and bring them along. Now, by the
force of this section as it stands, while in the
same case a steamboat on Lake Champlain or
Lake Michigan, for instance, would not bo
forfeited by bringing in a contraband package,
a railroad train from Montreal to St. Albans,
in Vermont, or from Montreal to Portland, in
Maine, would be subject to forfeiture. That
I believe to be unjust; and therefore my ob-
ject is to limit these cases of forfeiture on
railway trains doing an immense business, and
which cannot get information about all these
things, to cases where the conductor in charge,
the agent of the owners, had guilty knowledge
of the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont if he has looked at that
section; I have not; but I have got the im-
pression that it gives extraordinary powers
with reference to stopping railroad trains.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; it does not men-
tion railroad trains.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it speaks of all
sorts of vehicles. Now, if the officer, because
he finds two or three contraband packages, is
to take the whole train into his possession, it
would create a confusion with regard to trans-
portation that would be very onerous indeed,
and that ought to be guarded against. That
kind of transportation does not stand like any-
thing else. A train is a vehicle, according to
the definition given here, and if the officer
finds that there are smuggled goods on board
he is to take possession of the vehicle, the
ear, the engine, &c. Now, where these trains
are coming from another section the conse-
quence would be that if an officer found any
contraband packages on board he would stop
the train and take possession of it. That
would create infinite difficulties, because a
railroad train is so unlike any other kind of
transportation; and that ought to be carefully
guarded against. If Senators have examined
the section carefully, so as to be sure that that
consequence would not follow, and it would
create no particular difficulty, I will not object.
I have not examined it myself sufficiently to
determine that Question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we shall be obliged
to submit to the inconvenience which has been
mentioned by (he Senator from Maine. It will
be impossible to have the inspection laws vig-
orously and faithfully executed unless the offi-
cer has power to stop a train for the purpose
of inspection, if he thinks it necessary and
proper to do so, just as he may stop a vessel
or anything else. Of course, it is a large
power, and may be abused; but I am satisfied,
from the means of observation I have had, that
it is a power which it is necessary for the pro-
tection of the revenue should be confided to
these officers. There is not much danger of
their abusing this power of inspection, They
