1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
39th CoNa....lsT Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Morrill,
Senate.
tionary and constitutional eras in this country
with a single exception. To show that I am
right, that the great American rule of represen-
tation in this country was not numbers, but
citizenship, I beg to read to the Senate from the
constitutions of the States formed during the
revolutionary era of the country. In that of
Pennsylvania it was provided:
"That all elections ought to be free; and that all
freemen having a sufficient evident common interest
with and attachment to the community, have a right-
to elect officers, or to be elected into office."
There is the principle; not numbers, but
" all freemen " have what? Have the right of
suffrage. I will now read the provision in the
constitution of Delaware, which is most marked
and most explicit:
"That the right in the people to participate in the
legislature is the foundation of liberty and of all free
government, and for this end all elections ought to be
free and frequent; and eyery freeman having sufficient
evidence of apcrmanent interestwith and attachment
to the community hath a right of suffrage."
In the same constitution it was further pro-
vided:
" That every freeman, for every injury done him in
his goods, lands, or person, by any other person, ought
to have remedy by the course of the law of the land,
and oughtto havejustice and rightfor theinjurydone
to him, freely without fail, fully without any denial,
and speedily without delay, according to the law of
the land."
I commend that provision most cheerfully to
the committee on reconstruction as the golden
rule which, if adopted to-day, as Delaware
adopted it in 1776, would be the solution, on
the principles of justice and liberty and Amer-
ican law, of the great problems which per-
plex us.
The constitution of Maryland provided:
"That the House of Delegates shall be chosen in
the following manner: ail freemen above twenty-one
years of age, having a freeno d of fifty acres of land
in the countyin which they offer to vote, and residing
therein, and all trecmen having property in this State
above the value of thirty pounds current money, and
having resided in the county in which they offer to
vote one whole year next preceding the election, shall
have a right of suffrage in the election of delegates
for such county."
Here the right is not on numbers, but on
freemen. The constitution of Massachusetts
declared that—
"All elections ought to be free, and all the inhab-
itants of this Commonwealth, having such qualifica-
tions as they shall establish by their frame of govern-
ment, have an equal right to elect officers, and to be
elected for public employments."
The provision in the constitution of New
York was in these words:
"That every person who is a freeman inthe city of
Albany, or who was made a freeman of the city of
New York, on or before the 14th day of October, in
the year of our Lord 1775, and shall be actually and
usually resident in the said cities respectively, shall
be entitled to vote for representatives in Assembly
within his said place of residence."
In the constitution of Connecticut it was pro-
vided that—
"The qualifications requisite to entitle a person to
vote in election of the officers of government are, ma-
turity in years, quiet and peaceable behavior, a civil
conversation, and forty shillings freehold, or forty
pounds personal estate; if the selectmen of the town
certify a person qualified in those respects, he is ad-
mitted a freeman, on his taking an oath of fidelity to
the State."
The constitution of North Carolina declared—■
" That all freemen of the age of twenty-one years
who have been inhabitants of any county witliin the
State twelve months immediately preceding the day
of any election, and possessed of a freehold within the
same county of fifty acres of land for six months next
before, and at the day of election, shall be entitled to
vote for a member of the Senate."
It will be found that in all the States with
the exception of South Carolina the rule of
American representation as settledby the States
during the revolutionary era, that great period
which stirred men's hearts in favor of liberty,
was on freemen and not on numbers, as the
Senator from Maryland supposes. The rule
of American representation, as taught author-
itatively by the States, the only authority that
was then known to the nation or is indeed now
concedcd bv the Senator was invariably, with
a single exception, on freemen, on the citizens;
and it should be remarked that in no single in-
stance, with the exception which I have noted,
was there any ~ exception on account of race
or color. I therefore respectfully submit to
my honorable friend from Maryland that he is
entirely mistaken in supposing that the rule of
representation, either in the Constitution of the
United States or as a great American principle
of representation outside of the Constitution,
and as taught by the States, was based on num-
bers.
The honorable Senator from Maryland put
the inquiry whether it is to be supposed that
the people of Maryland were laboring under the
very extraordinary delusion from 1776, when
their constitution was adopted, down to within
a recent period, in supposing that they had a
constitution of State government 1' republican
in form," because it recognized the institution
of slavery. Of course I join no issue with the
honorable Senator on that proposition. I freely
concede that according to the national Consti-
tution of 1789, it is plainly inferable that States
might be regarded as "republican in form"
although they recognized the institution of sla-
very. I do not deny that. That is the history
of the country. To deny that would be to deny
the implication which arises from the Consti-
tution. That was undoubtedly so.
But, sir, we are talking to-day, in the provi-
dence of God, not of what the Constitution of
1789 recognized as republican, but the Consti-
tution having been amended so that slavery no
longer exists, the question to-day is, what is
republican in fact? If the honorable Senator
is right in supposing that the slaves of Mary-
land when they were released from slavery by
this new provision of the Constitution became
freemen and citizens entitled to all the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of other States
and of his own State, I ask him whether his
State can be republican in form or in fact if
now it denies to one fourth of its population
the rights of citizens? That is the question
that arises on the facts in this case, ffc are
not arguing the case supposed by the honor-
able Senator from Maryland. That is a case
made up on the constitution of Maryland of
177G. She has a free constitution to-day, and
by the force of that constitution all her popu-
lation are freemen and citizens, according to
the interpretation which the honorable Senator
himself gives it; and now being freemen and
citizens, and that being the charter of the
national Government, liberty and equal and
exact justice to all men the rule, I ask the
honorable Senator whether if his State should
adopt a provision in her constitution which
disqualified one fourth of her citizens arbi-
trarily on account of color, and denied them all
civil and political rights, privileges, and immu-
nities. that State would be republican in form
or in fact? That is a case that arises on the
facts we are considering. I undertake to main-
tain here, and will maintain it anywhere, that
on the basis of a free constitution, one of the
grand results of this terrible struggle through
which the nation has passed, no State in this
Union can be a republican State which does
not accord equal civil privileges and rights and
immunities to all its citizens: it cannot be
republican either in law or in fact according
to the fundamental principles of American
liberty. This question of slavery in the na-
tional Constitution was exceptional; this ques-
tion of slavery in the State constitutions was
exceptional also. It was not in harmony with
the great principle of American liberty. The
principle which underlies our institutions, and
which formed the rule was equal rights and
equal protection to all men. I admit that we
agreed in the Constitution of 1789 to recognize
the exception; but the exception no longer
exists, and the rule is absolute and oughtto be
omnipotent; there is nothing now in the way
of its universality, and should now be held to
be equal and exact justice to all men. The
authority of this Government in this respect
ought to be imperial everywhere, and it should
protect its citizens against State authority and
State interpretations in their rights, privileges,
and immunities as citizens of the United States;
and whenever it fai' to do that, it will.feil to
command the respect of mankind.
I say, therefore, in reply to the inquiry of the
honorable Senator, whether it is to be supposed
that his State has labored under a delusion from
1776 down to the present time in supposing that
its Government was republican in form up to
the present hour, that up to the time of eman-
cipation it was so, undoubtedly. But now the
times have changed. Sufficient until that day
was the evil thereof. We as a people are re-
quired now to conform our Constitution and
our laws, as well as our morals and our ethics
and our economies, to the great American rule,
equal and exact justice to all men.
The opponents of this measure demand the
immediate admission of these States without
conditions for the national security and with-
out protection for the freedmen. The rebel
debts are.still unrepudiated by those States
and menace the public credit, while the na-
tional debt is unassumed by them. Secession
is not annulled but repealed, and in condition
for fresh opportunities to repeat its attack upon
the national sovereignty. The freedmen have
no protection in those States outside of that
scanty and temporary protection, inadequate
and prccarious, which is afforded through the
Freedmen's Bureau. Their rights of man-
hood are denied. Everybody knows that since
these States have themselves become '1 recon-
structed" they have enacted black codes and
vagrant laws to take possession and control of
these "freedmen." The great struggle to-4ay
is for the possession of the negro now as in the
past. That is the great struggle in the South.
Slave-masters have lost their personal control
over them. They demand now that they shall
be remanded into their custody, they having
the political power of the State.- I read the
sentiments, Mr. President, of a leading poli-
tician in the South in which the purpose is ex-
pressed in a sentence or two. Judge Hum-
phreys, of Alabama, in endeavoring to induce
that State to return to the Union, says:
" Gentlemen, our safestplace is in the Union. Grant
it the idea of chattel slavery is dead, if you please; our
Democratic allies will give us back the race in the
condition of forced laborers, and it does not matter in
which state we have them, if we have them under
our control."
Mr. President, the contest for chattel slavery
is over, but the struggle for the possession of
the negro as a forced laborer goes on, and we
seem quite insensible to it. .Under the pre-
tense of a public necessity it is demanded that
Congress admit these States into their relations
with'the Federal Union, requiring no security
for the protection of this defenseless race, re-
manding them to the custody of their old mas-
ters, knowing that their object and their pur-
pose is to hold them as an unprivileged and
unprotected class. That such sentiments find
expression on this floor is a matter, I think, of
surprise.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan,] in the ardor—I hope it was—-of
his eloquent spceeh the other day, gave utter-
ance to a similar sentiment, showing that the
same insensibility still holds its power in this
Senate. He talks upon this great question in
connection with the restoration of these States
of the inferiority of this race. He says the
question of suffrage never was a question of
color or race, but it was a question of inferior
manhood, "an inferior article," to use the ex-
pressive phrase of the honorable Senator; and
so it comes to this: on a proposition the object
of which is to secure some rights to a race that
we know have none accorded and are in the
arbitrary power of those States, Senators rise
in their places here and signify their determi-
nation to admit these States upon the floor of the
Senate, give them political power and concede
