1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was that at the same
or a subsequent sessioh ?
Mr. SUMNER. It does not appear whether
it was at a subsequent session, but it simply ap-
pears that it was after the division.' The Senator
understands that the .division in the British
Parliament corresponds with what we call the
yeas and nays. They do not take the yeas and
nays. They "divide," as it is called. The
yeas, for instance, stay in the Chamber, and the
nays go out into the lobby, and they are counted
as they go out.
- The American authority is in harmony with
the English -which I have already quoted. I
read now from Ousting, page 712, section 1836,
as follows:
"The disallowance of votes usually takes place
when, after the declaration of the numbers by the
Speaker, it is discovered that ccrtain members who
voted were not present when the question was put,
or were so interested in the question "
Mark those words, if you please, sir—
" that, they ouyht to havewithdrawn from the House.
" It has already b^-'n seen that when it is ascer-
tained that members have improperly voted, on a di-
vision, who were not in the House when the question
was put. if this takes'pluee before tlio numbers are
declared by the Speaker, such votes wero disallowed
by him at once, and not included in the numbers de-
clared. If the l'aetis not ascertained until after the
numbers are declared, it is then necessary that there
should be a motion and vote of tlio Ilonse for their
disallowance; and this may take place, lor anything
that appears to the contrary, at any time during the
session, and has. in fact, taken place after the lapse
of several days from the time the votes were given.
Thus much for the remedy by disallowance;
and that britigs me now to the proposition
which I have made, which I call the second
mode of remedy, by amending the Journal.
That remedy, permit me to say, from the na-
ture of the case is applicable to an error which
appears on the face of the Journal. I ask Sen-
ators to note the distinction. It is applicable
to an error that appears on the face of the Jour-
rial. If the interest of a Senator appeared only
by evidence aliunde, by evidence outside, as
for instance, that ho had some private interest
in the results of a pending measure by which
he was necessarily disqualified, his vote eould
be disallowed only on motion ; but if the inca-
pacity of the Senator to vote on a particular
occasion appears on the Journal itself, I fftib-
rn.it that the Journal must be amended by strik-
ing out his vote. The case is patent. We have
already seen, by Clio opinions of eminent judges,
great masters of law in different ages and coun-
tries, that what is contrary to the principles of
natural law must bo void; and English judges
tell us that even an act of Parliament must be
treated as void if it'undertakes to make a man
a judge in his own ease. Now, sir, apply that
principle to your .Journal. It has recognized
a man as a judge in his own case. I insist that
the recognition was void. Is'not the true rem-
edy to be found by amending the Journal so as
to strike out his name from the proceedings?
Of course the Journal discloses the two essen-
tial fact s: first, that as a Senator he was a party
to tlio proceedings; secondly, that as a Senator
he was a judge in the proceedings; arid since
those two facts appear on the face of your Jour-
nal, it seems to mo that the only substantial
remedy is by amending your .Journal to tile end
that a precedent of such a character shall not
find a place hereafter in the records of the
Senate. *
t Sir, this question is not unimportant; it is
grave. It belongs to the privileges of this
body. I might almost say it is closely asso-
ciated with the character of this body. Can
Senators sit here, and by their sanction 'allow
one of their number, on an important occasion,
to come forward and play those two great parts,
party and judge, at the same time?. And yet
those two great parts have been played in this
Chamber, and your Journal makes a record of
the performance. I ask thai the Journal should
be rectified in harmony with the principles of
parliamentary law, and in harmony with the
principles of universal law.
_ In making this motion I have no other mo-
tive than to protect the rights of the body of
which I am a member, and to establish those
principles of justice whieh will be a benefit to
our country for all time. Yon cannot lightly
see a great principle sacrificed. Youabandon
your duty if you allow an elementary principle
of justice to be set at narghtjn this Chamber.
Be it, sir, your duty to uphold those truths and
to stand by those principles. I know no other
way in which you can oo it so completely and
effectually as by amending your Journal and
eliminating from the record the mistake that
was made. The tote of Mr. Stockton was null
and void. It should be treated as if it had not
been given.
I have no doubt that_ the motion that I now-
make to correct this Journal would be in order
even at a late day. I believe that at any day
any Senator might rise in his place and move
to expunge from the Journal a record which in
itself is derogatory to this body. I have in my
hands a reference to the case of John Wilkes,
who, yon will remember, just before our Rev-
olution, was excluded from Parliament, while
his competitor, Luttrell, was declared duly
elected. The decision of Parliament, so the
history records, convulsed the whole kingdom
for twelve years, but after that long period it
was expunged from (he Journals—I now"quote
the emphatic words—''as being subversive of
the rights of the whole body of electors of that
kingdom." But. sir, the record made in your
Journal, I submit, is subversive of the great
principle of jurisprudence .on which the rights
of every citizen of this country depend.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, it is not
protended that the entry on the Journal was
not correct in point of fact. Tlio reason why
the member, whoso seat was contested, voted,
was stated in the presence of the Senate and
the vote was recorded under the opinion of the
Presidenttempore that his name being upon
the list of Senators must be called as must be
called the names of all other Senators. It was
called. The vote was received ; the resolution
was announced to have been passed ; and the
Senate adjourned. Nov,', the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts, under the impression
that the character of the body is involved—the
character of whieh lie claims apparently to be
the especial vindicator-—asks the Senate to
strike out from the Journal that vote. I had
supposed when 1 heard thatstieh a motion had
been made by the honorable Senator that it
was nothing more than a motion to expunge
an entry in the Journal that had been improp-
erly entered, but the honorable member has
left the Senate in no doubt on that subject,
because, as authority for the moiion which he
makes, ho refers to what was done in the Brit-
ish Parliament in the case of the contested
election between Wilkes and Luttrell, in which
lie says that that Parliament, with a view to vin-
dicate its own honor and the rights of English-
men, after a lapse of twelve years expunged
the proceedings which had been had in Parlia-
ment in relation to that election.
If the honorable membe/s recollection had
gone to an incident of still later date, it might
have told him thftt the same proceeding was
bad in this body when, by a vote of the body,
black lines were drawn around a vote of this
body condemnatory of the course of a very
popular chieftain, great as a military man, and
almost idolized as a statesman. 1 think the
.Senator belonged at that time to the party who
denounced that proceeding as utterly unconsti-
tutional. One of his great predecessors made
a speech that thrilled throughout the Chamber,
and thrilled throughout the land, denouncing
the proceeding as a flat and palpable violation
of the Constitution. That speech is among
the other speeches of that great man which
have often been referred to. by his successor,
the present member from Massachusetts, and
always with admiration; and I cannot imagine
how it is that he should change his opinion in
relation to the propriety of a coarse of that
kirfd in this particular instance and now for the
first time.
It is "to save the honor of this body," and
the honor of this body is to depend upon the
keeping of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts ! Speaking for one, and the humblest
of the body, however presumptuous it may be,
I feel myself as well able to maintain my offi-
cial and private honor without the aid of the
Senator from Massachusetts as with it; and it
is rather a reflection upon the character and
the reputation of the Senate to be told by the
Senator from Massachusetts, - or .by anybody
else, that we need his bidding to tell us what
our own reputations demand or what the honor
"of the Senate requires. What have those of
us who voted in accordance with the vote cast
by the honorable member from New Jersey
done?
We have sat still, heard his vote recorded,
heard the result announced, and not an objec-
tion was made by any member of the Senate,
except by the honorable member from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] and the honorable member from
Massachusetts himself, who, in a moment of
excitement, told us it was against the law of
nature, not of nations, as he is represented.
Against the law of nature to do what? That
a man should sit in judgment in his own case.
Is it his own case within the meaning of the
principle upon which the honorable member
from Massachusetts relies ? It is the case of
the State of New Jersey, and not of Mr. Stock-
ton. He stands here claiming to represent
her. He in the past has voted in that capa-
city, and in casting his vote the other day he
represented, not himself individually, but the
State of New Jersey. Whether he properly
represents New Jersey may be a question ; but
in the vote he cast, he cast it claiming to be
the representative of New Jersey, and his name
stands upon your files as the representative of
New Jersey. How are you to get it off? Ev- <
ery resolution that has been before the body,
whether proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution or otherwise; every bill which has
been submitted to the body and upon which
tin? body voted, no matter what th'e nature of
the bill was, he has been permitted to vote
upon, and his vote has been recorded. When
has he ceased to be a member of the body ?
Never j and being a member of the body, what
is there to prevent his casting his vote upon a
question as much affecting, as he believes, the
rights of his own State as any question which
has been presented before us during the period
that he lias honored us by his presence.
Lord Coke, and Hobart, and various other
authorities, have been produced for the purpose
of showing that this case comes within the prin-
ciple that they have announced. It is an entire
misapprehension of the principle. He who has
a personal interest with which the interest of
the public is not combined has no right to sit
in judgment in any case involving that interest;
but whether he has a personal interest or not,
when called upon to pass upon a question which
involves the public interest as well as his own,
he forfeits his duty to the public if he fails to
vote. Nothing can be plainer than that; and
the honorable member's doctrine would be to
force a Senator in the situation in which Mr.
Stockton is placed to abandon the interests of
his State upon the assumption that his own in-
dividual interest may perhaps be bound up in
the public interest of the State.
Assuming now that he has an interest, what
is it? It is an interest—I speak of it,with due
respect—that no member of the Senate should
for a moment suppose would influence'the judg-
ment, of any member of the body ; it is the
interest in his pay. He has a compensation,
and it is supposed that the interest in that com-
pensation is likely to bias his judgment; for
that is the principle upon wl'ich the exclusion
rests. Will the honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts tell us whether upon a great question
of public moment his judgment could be biased
by the fact that he was to receive $250 per
month? My friend smiles; why? Only be-
cause he knows, as I know, and we all know,
that it is no interest within the meaning of the
rule. Is it to be supposed that a Senator of
the United States would be capable of being
false to duty in the discharge of a great and
high public trust by the paltry and mean con-
sideration that as he may,decide it the one way
