1806.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
the remark submitted by the Senator from Kan-
sas. There are Indians in the States and Ter-
ritories of the United States outside of Kansas.
There are thousands of Indians in the State of
Oregon._ They are generally collected upon
reservations. Some of these Indians are there
by virtue of treaties; some are there in conse-
quence of the Indian wars that have occurred
from time to time in that country; and they are
there, and held there by compulsion. The Gov-
ernment of the United States feeds, clothes, and
takes care of these Indians, treats them as wards,
treats them as incapable of self-government; and
they are governed by such rules and regulations
as are prescribed by the Government from time
to time, and as the necessities of the case seem
to require.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator al-
low me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask Mm if he is not
in favor of now making all the negroes in the
southern States citizens of the United States?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. He is now objecting
to making the Indians citizens on the ground
that the-Government of the United States is
taking care of them. Let mo ask the Senator
if we have not just passed a bill enlarging the
powers of the Freeamen's Bureau and declar-
ing Ihose negroes incompetent to make con-
tracts, and putting their contracts under the
superintendence of the agents of the Freed-
men' s Bureau, whom we have sent down into the
southern States, or will send down there under
that bill, to superintend their contracts? Have
we not also provided that the Secretary of
War shall issue provisions, subsistence, cloth-
ing, &c., for the use of those negroes ? Have
we not put all their contracts under the super-
vision of this Freedmen's Bureau? If the ob-
jection of the Senator on that score is good as
against the Indians, it is certainly good as
against the negroes and the poor whites of the
southern States who arc reduced to poverty
to-day.
Mr. WILLIAMS.' I am simply describing
the condition of these Indians. I understand
the honorable Senator to be in favor of making
a distinction between one class of Indians and
another class of Indians in the United States.
He does not pretend to say that Congress ought
to declare .all the wild and savage Indians of the
United Slates citizens of the United States, but
he proposes to make a distinction between one
class of Indians and another class of Indians by
declaring that those under tribal authority shall
not be citizens, and those that are not under
tribal authority shall be citizens. I insist that
the proposed amendment is more convenient
and more certain than the plan advocated by
the Senator. Thousands ofthesclndiansin the
State that I have the honor to represent are col-
lected upon reservations ; they are not subject
to tribal authority; their tribes are broken up
and destroyed : they consist of the fragments
and remnants of tribes gathered together upon
these reservations ; but they are no more com-
petent or qualified to vote than they were when
they existed as original tribes.
Mr. HENDERSON. We do notmakethem
voters.
Sir. WILLIAMS. They are to be made citi-
zens, and I say they are no more qualified to
become citizens than when they existed as ori-
ginal tribes. I do not exactly understand what
theSenator means when he insists that Congress
shall make them citizens and does not claim
that any right attaches to that character.
Mr. i-IENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him, if citizenship bo conferred
upon the Indian, what right will be conferred
that he objects to ? The Indian, like the negro,
was born upon our soil, and I say let him be
declared a citizen also, unless some right will
be thereby conferred upon him that will conflict
with the general interests of the States. Will
the Senator tell me what interest will be con-
flicted with, what power of the State-to take
care of the Indians will be denied by this legis-
lation ? I am seeking light on this subjoct, and
if the Senator can answer that question satis-
factorily, 1 shall withdraw all objection to the
amendment as it stands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Much of the legislation
of a State proceeds upon the assumption that
certain persons have rights as citizens. They
are described in the legislation of the States as
citizens, and the Constitution of the United
States describes certain persons as citizens of
the United States. The Constitution of the
United States provides that no person but a
native-born citizen of the United States, with
other qualifications as to age and residence,
shall be President of the United States; that
no person not possessing the qualifications
prescribed in it shall bo a Senator or Repre-
sentative. If this bill makes these persons
citizens within the meaning of the Constitution
of the United States, I ask if they do not be-
come eligible to these different offices? Is not
any man in the United States, who is a citizen
of the United States, within the meaning of the
Constitution, eligible to the office of President
or Senator or Representative? Is the Con-
gress of the United Slates prepared at this time
to adopt a proposition that negroes and Indians
and Chinese and all persons of that description
shall be eligible to the office of President of
the United States, Senator, or Representative
in Congress, before they are allowed to vote?
I might refer, I think, to other instances to
show that rights might follow if these persons
are declared to be citizens of the United States.
Now, sir, in the State of Oregon it has been
found necessary to pass laws regulating the
intercourse between the Indians and white per-
sons. The Indians are put under certain dis-
abilities, and it is supposed that those disabil-
ities are necessary in order to protect the peace
and safety of the community. As an illustra-
tion, it is made an indictable offense in the State
of Oregon for any white man to sell arms or
ammunition to any Indians. Suppose these
Indians have equal rights with white men in
that State. Then if a man is indicted for sell-
ing arms and ammunition to an Indian, may he
not defend that prosecution successfully upon
the ground that Congress has declared that an
Indian is a citizen, and has the same right to
buy and hold any kind of property that a white
man of the State has ? In that way, the white
people of that State would be deprived of the
power of protecting themselves, or of enacting
such laws as they might deem necessary for
their own protection.
I might refer to another law in reference to
the sale of intoxicating liquors in the State to
Indians. A white man has the legal right in
the State of Oregon to buy a gallon or a barrel
of whisky; but the law forbids white men sell-
ing whisky to Indians, because it endangers the
peace and safety of the community. But if
Congress declares that Indians in the State of
Oregon shall have the same right to buy and
hold all kinds of property that white men have,
then, it seems to me, if a man is indicted in
that State for selling liquor to Indians, by which
he puts the lives of the white people in peril,
he may defend himself upon the ground that
Congress has declared that an Indian has as
much right to buy, sell, and use that kind of
property as a white man has.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the
Senator if the law of Oregon now does not
forbid the selling of intoxicating liquors to
minors under twenty-one years of age, under a
penalty?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think not. There is
no such law in that State to my knowledge.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is the law in my
State, and perhaps in almost every State in the
Union, and the power to pass such a law has
never been denied to the Slates.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Minors, the sons of white
men, are not savage Indians. Liquor may per-
haps be sold with safety to the sons of white
men, while to sell a quart of liquor to an In-
dian may imperil the lives of the people in a
whole neighborhood: but there is no such law
! as that in the State of Oregon.
I I insist, Mr. President, that if this proposed
amendment is to be adopted by the Senate, it
is in the best form jn which itcanbeputaithis
time, and that the distinction which is made in
it is the most convenient and certain one that
can be adopted. The object is not to -make
taxation a criterion or a test of citizenship;
but, although it is not absolutely certain, aria
may operate with hardshij^pei-haps, in indi-
vidual cases, it isJ;he most certain way of, de-
fining the distinction between wild, savage, and
untamed Indians, and those who associate with
white people, own property, an<J exercise tlra
privileges that generally attend a citizen in tfee
community. 1 do not see that anything is to;
be gained by changing the amendment in that
respect, and I hope, if it be adopted at all, it
will be adopted in its present shape.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dooot-
tle. ] The question before the Senate is on the
adoption of the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the honorable
chairman of the committee—certainly not with
a view to defeat his proposition, but with a view
of making it to me more acceptable—whether
it is not advisable to strike out the latter part
ofthc amendment. The amendment as it stands
is that all persons born in the United States,
and not subject to a foreign Power, shall, by
virtue of birth, be citizens. To that I am will-
ing to consent; and that comprehends all per-
sons, without any reference to race or color,
who may be so born. That being so, why is it
necessary to add to the amendment the words
" without distinction of color?" I thinkit very
advisable that all questions of that sort, all
questions involving the rights which may be
supposed to exist in one race and not to exist
in the other, should be done away with as soon
as possible : and the striking out, of the words to
which 1 have alluded, the latter words of the
amendment, will leave the amendment just as
operative as it will be if the words are retained.
I should hope the honorable member and the
Senate would have no objection to striking out
those words. If the Chair will permit me, I
will ask to have the amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
after the word "that," in the third line of the
first section, the words:
All persona born in the United States, and not sub-
ject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
taxed, are liereby declared tobe citizens of the United
States, without distinction of color, and.
Mr. JOHNSON. Strike out the latter words,
"without distinction of color," and it would
be very clear that everybody born in the United
States would be a citizen, and, unless it be true
—and I, certainly, am not the person to admit
that it is true for a moment—that a black man
is not a person, all black persons born in the
United States, who are not subject to any_ for-
eign Power, would become citizens by virtue
of birth.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree with the object
which the Senator from Maryland has in view,
and, in my opinion, it would not make any
difference if those words, ''without distinction
of color," were stricken out; but it is desirable
to make the bill specific and to have no mis-
understanding about it. It. is contended and
gravely argued here in the Senate that this is a
white mams Government, made by whitemen,
and for white men, and that the negro is riot
included in the Government. The Declaration
of Independence declares that "all men are
created equal." I suppose that means the
colored man as much as the white man.
Mr. JOHNSON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mary-
land thinks it does. It declares also that "they
are endowed by their Creator with certain in-
alienable rights, among which are life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness ; that to maintain
these ends Governments are instituted among
men." 1 think that declaration, that "all men
are created equal," applied as much to the
black as to the white man; but the Senator
from Ken!tickv [Mr. Davis] will not. admit •
that. I think it is best, therefore, when we are
