1666.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
question a mere expression of opinion is
allowed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will confine myself
to that, and all my remarks liave relation to
that.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the
question of going into executive session is not
debatable.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well. Allow me
to remark, then, to the Senator from Maine—
and I want it marked down with exact periods—
this is the first time that for hours a message
from, the President upon an important public
question, a brief message, requiring no time
to read it, has been denied a hearing in the
Senate of the United States, when this was the
body to whom the bill was returned; and I hold
it to be a vindictive assault upon the Chief
Executive.,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the
motion to go into executive session the Sena-
tor from California asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 15, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ADDRESS FROM SWISS CANTONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House an address from Swiss Can-
tons in favor of emancipation, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Afi'airs,
and ordered to bo printed.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to present, that it may bo printed, an
amendment which I intend to offer to House
bill No. 513, to provide for restoring to the
States lately in insurrection their full political
rights.
- The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the proposed amendment will be ordered to be
printed.
There was no objection.
The amendment proposes to strike out all
after the enacting clause in the first section of
the bill, and insert the following:
Thatwhcnover tbe abovc-rccited amendmentshall
hare becomo part of the Constitution of the United
States, andnnyStatclatelyin insurrection .shall have
ratified tho same, and shall have modified its consti-
tution and laws in conformity therewith, the Senators
and Representatives from such State, if found duly
elected and qualified, may, after having taken the
required oaths of office, bo admitted into Congress as
such: Provided, That If any State after ratifying said
amendment, and con forming it* constitution and laws
therewith, shall establish an equal and just system
ofsuffragc for all male citizenswithin Us jurisdiction
who are not. less than twenty-one years of age, the
Senators and Itepiesentatives from such State shall
be admitted as aforesaid, without being required to
await the action of other States on such amendment:
And provided further, That nothing in this section
contained shall bo so construed as to require tho dis-
franchisement of any loyal person who is now entitled
to vote.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BROMWELL asked leave of absence
for Mr. Moulton for ten days.
Leave was granted.
AMERICAN COTTON COMPANY.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to incorporate the Ameri-
can Cotton Company of the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
SOLDIERS' AND SAILORS' ORPHANS' FAIR.
On motion of Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous
consent, a joint resolution (S. Ii. No. 88) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to grant the
use of certain lumber for the fair for the Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Home, was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of
War to grant the use of lumber, not demanded
by the Department for immediate use, for the
erection of temporary buildings in the city of
Washington for the national fair for the benefit
of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the"joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
" DUNDAS PATENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to submit tho following
resolution:
Resolved, That tlic Secretary of tho Interior bo
directed to communicate to this House whether any
application has been made for tlie reissue of the
Dunclas patent for cultivator, and if so, by whom,
and at what time- and upon what grounds, and to
transmit to this llouso copies of all tho papers and
documentsconnected with the application; and also
to stato what effect it will have upon tho agricultural
interest to reissue said patent and have the same
rolate back and cover the essential improvements
made since the year 1851. And also further to com-
municate what further legislation is necessary to
protect tho interests of the public in regard to such
reissues of patents.
Mr. JENCKES. I object to the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
matter which strikes at tho interest of every
agriculturist of the country. It is only for
information.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not object to its intro-
duction for reference to tho Committee on
I? nlcnts
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to get 1he information for rcfcrence to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. JENCKES. It should come from the
committee.
REIMBURSEMENT TO WEST VIRGINIA.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, of West Vir-
ginia, Senate bill No. 280, to reimburse the
State of West Virginia for moneys expended
for the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and paying military forccs to aid in suppressing
the rebellion, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of •Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also move
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, also
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of West Viiginia on the same subject; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
MEMPHIS RIOT.
Mr. BOUTWELL asked to bo excused from
servicc on the select committee on the Mem-
phis riot.
It was ordered accordingly.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KASSON, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 280, making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867, and for other purposes.
First amendment:
Insert at tho end of tho first section of the bill the
following: „ , „
To enable tho Superintendent of tho In aval Obser-
vatory to carrv out the objeefc of Senate resolution
of March 19,186S. for report of Isthmus routes to the
Pacific ocean, $1,500.
Mr. KASSON. Tho committee recommend
concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Sfriko out tho following words: " To tako effect'so
soon as Brazil shall have performed the condition on
her part provided in the law authorizing said ser-
viceso it will read:
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. Thai tho following
sums, or so much thereof as may be neccssary. be,
and the samo aro hereby, appropriated for the year
ending June 30, 1867, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated;
Mr. KASSON. The committee recomtafead"
concurrence. _ '
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add the words just stricken out, so that the para-
graph will road:
For the mail steamship service between tho United
States and lirazil, $150,000: Provided, That this ap-
propriation shall take offoct only when Brazil shall
nave performed the condition on her part provided
in tho law authorizing said service.
Mr. KASSON. The committee recommend
concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Sec. 4. And be it f urther enacted, That the Postmas-
ter General bo, and is hereby, required to report to
the Secretary of tho Treasury annually, prior to tho
1st day of November of each year, his estimateof tho
money required for tho scrvice of tho Post Offico De-
partment for tho ensuing fisoal year; which estimate
shall bo reported to Congress with tho printed esti-
mates of appropriations required by tho joint reso-
lution of the 7tli of January, 1816.
Mr. KASSON. The committee recommcnd
concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That the balance
of the appropriation of $100,000 under the thirteenth
section of an act to establish a postal money-order
system, approved May 17, 1804, which may remain
unexpended at tho close of the present fiscal year,
may be used as far as neccssary to supply deficiencies
in the proccods of tho money-order system during
tho fiscal year commencing July 1,18G6.
Mr. KASSON. The committee recommend
concurrence.
Tho amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all adver-
tising notices for proposals for contracts for tho Post
Oflice Department, and all advertising notices for
pi oposals for con tracts for the Executive Departments
of tho Government required by law to bo published
in the city of Washington, shall be hereafter adver-
tised by publication in two daily newspapers in tho
city'of Washington having the largest circulation; and
to'no others: Provided, That tho charges for such
publications shall not be higher than what is paid
by individual* for advertising in such papers: Pro-
vided aho. The publications shall be made in each
of said papers equally as to frequency; and that the
circulation of such papers shall be determined upon
tho 10th day of June annually; and tho publishers of
all paperscompetingforsuch advertisingshallfurmsh
a sworn statemontof their bona fide paid circulation
of each regular issue for the preceding throe months ;
and shall in like manner certify under oath tha t such
circulation has not, during the said three months,
been increased by any gratuitous circulation, b^ a
reduction in price below the ordinary and usual price
of sucli papers, or by any other means, for the Pur-
pose of obtaining tho official advertising: Provided,
That tho charge for*such advertising snail, not be
greater than i<? pai d for the samo publications in other
cities, or at a higher rate than is paid by individuals
for like advertising.
Mr. KASSON. The committee recommend
concurrence in this amendment. _ There are
one or two repetitions in it, but it is not worth
while to send it back to the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the amendments were concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BREVET PROMOTIONS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced the folllowing resolution; ■which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohcd, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House, at as early a day as Prac-
ticable, a statement of ev ery promotion by brevet oi
officers in the regular Army made since tho Lstn day
of April, 1861, and that ho indicate, in the list fur-
nished, the absolute or fall rank m the lino or staff
of each officer so brerotted, the date of his brevet
appointment or nomination, the time from which
such brevet rank takes eflect, whether the appoint-
ment or nomination has been confirmed by tho ben-
ate. and if so, at what date; specifying and sotting
forth,'also, in each case tho particular gallant ac-
