1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16?
39tii Cong. . . 1st Sbss
Rights of Citizens—-Mr. Delano.
Ho. of Reps.
answer the gentleman. I do not believe it
confers that right upon the emancipated people,
nor upon any portion of the people of the United
States, who are not under the laws of the sev-
eral States qualified to act as jurors.
Mr. DELANO. ] have no doubt of the sin-
cerity of the gentleman, and when I say to him
that I have great confidence in his legal opin-
ions, he may know my sincerity, and know
also that I do not offer it as a compliment.
But, with all this, I must confess that it does
seem to me that this bill necessarily confers
the right of being jurors, if its provisions are
carried out.
Let us look again at the provisions of the
bill. "To full and equal benefit of all laws
and proceedings for the security of person and
property, as is enjoyed by the white citizens"
Now, I ask how ''full and equal benefit" of
all 1 hese laws " as is enjoyed by white citizens,''
can be conferred when you say that this class
or race shall not sit in the jury-box?
But I cannot pursue this thought, for I have
no time to analyze or illustrate it. It strikes
me as apparent, however, that this bill may be
fairly interpreted so as to confer upon this race
the right of being jurors.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
yield ?
Mr. DELANO. Undoubtedly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The words to which
thegent.leman has directed attention were notin
the original bill, but were placed there by an
amendment offered by myself. And the reason
for offering it was this: it was thought by some
persons that unless these qualifying words were
incorporated in the bill, those rights might be
extended to all citizens, whether male or female,
majors or minors. So that the words are in-
tended to operate as a limitation and not as an
extension ; and I think the very reason which
was urged by those who desired the amendment
to be incorporated in the bill, is an answer tp
the objection which the gentleman makes.
Mr. DELANO. I have no doubt the reason
is as stated for introducing the words.
I turn now to another clause in the first sec-
tion of the bill for the purpose of discussing
the gentleman's explanation:
There shall be no discrimination in eivil rights or
immunities among tho citizens of the United States
in any State or Territory.
Now, I suppose that what follows after this
is a limitation of this general declaration; and
I do not see how the words that I have com-
mented upon are a limitation, because they
follow after giving the "right to make and
enforce contracts, to sue, be parties and give
evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold
and convey." Then is added this clause, "and
to full and equal benefit of all laws and privi-
leges for the security of person and property,
as is enjoyed by white citizens." It seems to
me, therefore, that in the connection in which
the words on which I am speaking are found in
the bill, they are an enlargement or extension
of specific rights enumerated in the bill. The
entire clause enumerating rights, appears to
have be'en a limitation of the first great declara-
tion in the bill, that "there shall be no discrimi-
nation in civil rights or immunities, among the
citizens of the United States in any State or
Territory."
The gentleman, of course, will have more
time to explain it hereafter, but thus it strikes
me, and in my brief moments I can only point
out the difficulties that occur to me.
Now, sir, if I am correct in this thought, I
presume that the gentleman himself will shrink
from the idea of conferring upon this race now,
at this particular moment, the right of being
jurors, or from so wording this bill as to leave
it a serious question and render it debatable
hereafter in the courts or elsewhere.
Hut I proceed to another phase of this bill.
These people are given the right to be parties
to suits, to give evidence, to inherit, and so
forth. Now, I desire to ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
under what, clause of the Constitution he claims
Congress to have power to declare who shall be
competent to give evidence in the State courts?
Here is an express right to be witnesses in the
State courts, secured by penalties, to this race.
I take the first grant for the sake of argument;
they are to have the right to be witnesses; and the
second section, if it is not amended as my hon-
orable colleague [Mr. Bingham] proposes, will
make it a crime in a State court, in obedience
to a State law; to refuse to give that right, and
subjects the judges of State courts to punish-
ment in the way pointed out in the bill, if they,
under the lawsot the States, refuse to let black
men be witnesses. Now, sir, where is the au-
thority in the fundamental law of this land for
this Congress to declare who shall be witnesses
in a State court? Is it in the old Constitution?
And if so, in what clause? Or is it in the
amendment to the Constitution abolishing sla-
very! I desire to hear from the gentleman
upon that point.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I supposed the gen-
tleman did not want to be interrupted.
Mr. DELANO. I am making inquiries for
information. I want more light-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I place the power
of Congress to secure to these citizens the right
to testily in the courts upon the same basis ex-
actly that I place the power of Congress to
provide protection for the fundamental rights
of the citizen commonly called civil rights, so
that if the presence of a citizen in the witness-
box of a court is necessary to protect his per-
sonal liberty, his personal security, his right to
property, he shall not be deprived of that pro-
tection by a State law declaring that his mouth
shall be sealed and that he shall not be a wit-
ness in that court. That is one of the protect-
ive remedies which must run with these great
civil rights belonging to every citizen. And I
will say to the gentleman that when I come to
close the discussion on this bill I shall enlarge
somewhat on this point if the temper of the
House at the time shall disclose a disposition
to hear further discussion.
Mr. DELANO. I do not feel myself an-
swered. The gentleman has offered me some
very general remarks. I will not say "glitter-
ing-generalities," because I do not wish to be
offensive, butT want him to name the clause of
the Constitution in which he finds the power.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
had read my remarks at the opening of this
debate he would have seen very distinctly the
provision of the Constitution upon which I base
this bill so far as it relates to persons who are
liable to be reduced to a condition of slavery,
and that is the amendment to the Constitution
abolishing slavery and conferring an express
delegation of power upon Congress.
But I placed it upon a broader ground, and
it was this: that these people, being entitled to
certain rights as citizens of the United States,
were entitled to protection in those rights, and
that the power thus to protect them is neces-
sarily implied from the entire body of the Con-
stitution. which was made for the protection of
these rights, and upon the duty of the Govern-
ment to enforce and protect all those rights. I
based the power of Congress to select the means
in accordance with the doctrines laid down in
tlie case of McCulloch, vs. The State of Mary-
land.
Mr. DELANO. The duties of this Govern-
ment rest upon the powers of the Government.
The duties of this Congress rest upon its con-
stitutional powers, and those powers are to be
derived from the Constitution if found at all.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question that may ena-
ble us both to get some light in relation to this
subject?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask this
question: does the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Delaxo] believe that persons as oitizens of the
United States are entitled to any rights? If
they are entitled to any rights,' are the great
fundamental civil rights of life, liberty, and
property involved among them?
And if they are entitled, as citizens of the
United States, to those rights, are they entitled
to protection of those rights from the hands
of the Government? And should aState enact
laws and attempt to enforce them which will
deprive the citizens of the United States of
those rights, may we not intervene to protect
them in spite of those laws of the State?
Mr. DELANO. I believe that the citizens
of the States are entitled to many rights. I
believe that those rights are to be guarantied
and sustained and enforced by the laws of tho
States under the constitutions of the States,
and by the Congress of the United States when
there is power given by the Constitution of the
United States to enforce those rights.
But I do not believe that the rights of the
States are utterly overwhelmed and dethroned.
I know that for years we have been swinging
the pendulum of public opinion toward the
doctrine of State rights until it threatened the
subversion of the Federal Government. And
I stand here in my place to-day to say that one
of the most serious apprehensions I have, in
the extreme of public opinion fluctuating from
one point to another, is that we may fall into
an error about as great and dangerous as that
which has caused us these long years of bloody
war.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
will pardon me again, I will say that I do not
think I have received an answer to my question.
Mr. DELANO. Wait till I get through with
my reply. I did not think the gentleman an-
swered my question, but I allowed him to go
on until he had said all he desired to say.
I suppose there are certain rights of citizen-
ship that are exclusively within the control of
the States, under the constitutions of the States.
And by way of refreshing our memories in ref-
erence to the opinions of the fathers, I will call
the attention of gentlemen to what Mr. Hamil-
ton once said upon this subject. He once dis-
cussed this subject, and alluded to it in a way
worthy of our attention to-day. He was an-
swering an objection made before the* public
that the clause of the Constitution giving Con-
gress the power to make all laws rendered ne-
cessary by the specific grants of power might
be abused. He went on to show that that clause
did not enlarge the powers of Congress, that it
did not confer upon Congress anything that had
not been specifically given. He says:
" If there be anything exceptionable it, must bo
sought tor in the specific powers upon wliich the gen-
eral declaration is predicated."
Thereby saying, what I say here to-day, that
the powers of Congress are specific powers, and
that beyond those specific powers Congress can-
not go without violating the Constitution. Fol-
lowing up that idea, he illustrates it, as follows :
"The propriety' of a law, in a constitutional light
must always bedetermined by the nature of thepower
upon which it is founded. Suppose by some lorced con-
struction of its power, which indeed cannot easily be
imagined, the Federal Government should attempt
to vary the law of descent in a State, would it not
be evident that in making such an attempt it had
exceeded its jurisdiction?"—FcderalU-i. No. 32.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. (Mr. Patter-
son.) The time, twenty minutes, which the gen-
tleman from Now York [Mr. R.vvmoxd] yielded
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dkla.no] has
now expired.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the time of the gentle-
man will be extended.
Mr. BTNGHAM. I do not desire to inter-
rupt my colleague, [Mr. Delaxo.] But I desire
to be heard in advocacy of the amendment to
this bill which I have offered.
Mr. RAYMOND. I am quite willing to yield
the remainder of my hour to the two gentlemen
from Ohio, [Mr. Delano and Mr. Bixghas!,]
and they can arrange its division between them-
selves.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the time of my
