1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3557
Treasury of the United States as atemporary loan at
interest at the rate of five per cent., $'-*00,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof a<* may bo ne-
cessary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
entire a census of each tiibe to be taken, a? per first
clause eighth article treaty of April 28, 1%6, t-1.500.
Jb'or this amount, to be advanced the Choetaws for
the cession of the leased district and the admission
of the Kansas Indians, a« per forty-sixth article treaty
of April 28,1860, $150,000.
For this amount, to be advanced the Chickasaws
tor cos.-ion ot the leased distridrand the admission of
the Kansas Indian?, as per lorty-sixth article of the
treaty of April l?8, 18(36. ^50,000.
For pay of commissioners to be appointed by the
President, as per forty-ninth and fiftieth articles of
the treaty of April 28, I860, and Senate amendment
thereto, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOQLITTLE. On page 50, after line
thirteen hundred and fifty-five, by direction of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, I move to
insert the following:
Camanches and Kioways:
For fa ret of forty installments, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
beiii1.? an amount equal to ten dollars per capita
I'm lour thousand persons—the number agreed upon
f- r lUe present year—as per lifth article treaty of Oc-
tober, IS, 1S03, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1S67,
£-10,000.
For transportation of goods, provisions, &e., pur-
chased foi the Comanche and Kiovray Indians, for the
li year endins Juno 30,1867, or so much thereof
as may bo necessary, 68,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that to carry out a
treaty ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi\ DOOLITTLE. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I offer the following
amendment to come in after the amendment
just adopted:
Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Apaches:
Foriiivst of forty installments, to bo expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, for the
Apacho Indians, being an amount, equal to twenty
dollars pa capita for ciaht hundred persons, as per
second article, treaty of October 17,1865, for the fiscal
year ending dune 3", 18<>7, H0,0u0.
For transportation of poods provisions A'c., pur-
chased for the Apache Indians for the fiscal year
ending June 30.1307, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, ^3,o00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 17, after line four
hundred and five, by direction of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, I move the following
appropriation for the Osages:
Interest on $300,000 at five per cent, per annum, to
bo paid semi-annually m such articles as the iSeerc-
favy of the Interior may direct, as per first article
treaty of September 28,1865, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1867, ^15,000.
For Ihis amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to defray Ihe expenses of surveying and
selling the lands ceded in trust by said Osage Indians,
per thirteenth article treaty of September 29,1865,
■£•20,000,
For transportation of poods provisions, &c\, pur-
enasetliur the Great and Little Osage Indians, \or the
fiscal yeai ending June 30, 1867, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, ^3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to comc in on page 59, after line four-
teen hundred and thirty-four.
Klamath and Mod ok Indians:
For first of five annual installments, to be applied
under direction of the President, as per second ar-
ticle treaty of October li, 186-i, tor the fiscal year end-
ini J one 30. 1867, 68,000.
For this amount, to pay for such articles as may be
advanced the Indians at the ti me of signin g the treaty,
ami to subsist them during the first year after their
lemovnl to the reservation, the purchase of teams,
farming implements, seeds, tools, clothing, and pro-
visions, and salary of the necessary employes, as per
fhiid article treaty of October 14,1861, c-35,000.
For the erection of one saw-mill, one flouring-mili,
buildings for the blacksmith, carpenter, and wagon
and plow maker, the necessary buildings lor one
manual labor school, and for hospital buildings, as
per fourth article treaty of October li, 1S64, $11,300.
For the purchase of tools and material tor saw and
fiour mills carpenter, blacksmith, -wagon and plow
maker's shops, and books and stationery for the
manual labor school, as per fourth article treaty of
October 3 4, J864, $1,500,
Foi first of fifteen installments to pay salary and
subsistence of one superintendent of farming, one
fanner, ope blacksmith, one sawyer, one carpenter,
and one v/asron and plow maker, as per fifth article
treaty of October li, 1864, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1867, S6,000..
For first of twenty installments to pay salary and
suhfl.-lcnce of ore physician, ono miller, and two
school teachers, as per fifth article treaty of October
14,_]86f, for the fiscal year ending Jane 30,1807, $3,600.
For the erection of agency buildings, $4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that to carry out a
treaty ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have one more amend-
ment to carry into effect the treaty with the Nez
Perc6s. It is on page 35, after line eight hun-
dred and thirty-seven, to insert the following:
For first of four installments to enable the Indians
to remove and locate upon the reservation, to be ex-
pended in plowing land and fencing lots, as per first
clause fourth article tieaty of June 9, 1863, for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1867, £70,00o.
For the purchase of agricultural implements, in-
cluding wagons or carts, harness, cattle, and sheep, or
other stock, as may be deemed most beneficial, as per
second clause fourth article treaty of June 9, 1863,
650.000.
For the erection of a saw and Homing mill, to be
located at Kamin, as per third clause fourth article
treaty of June (J. 1SGJ, £10,000.
Forlirdtoi the sixteen installments for boarding and
clothing the children -who shall attend the schools,
providing the schools and boarding-houses with ne-
cessary furniture, the purchase of necessary wagons,
teams, agricultural implements, tools, kc., and for
fencing of tuch lands as may be needed for garden-
ing and farming purposes for the schools, as pertourth
clause fourth article treaty of .Juno 9,1863, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1S07, 66,000.
For building two churches, as per fifth clause fourth
article treaty of June 0,1863,6-,'^00.
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per fourth
article treaty of June 9,1863, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1S67, 61,000.
For the erection of buildings for the subordinate
chiefs, and to plow and fence 1 he land for said chicfs,
as well as to procure the necessary furniture, and to
complete andfurmsh the hou^e, A'c., of the head chief,
as per fifth article treaty of June 1803, 62,500.
For the erection of two school-houses including
boarding-houses and the nece-?-aiy out-building*, as
per first clause lifth article treaty ot June ibCo,
610.000.
For the erection of a hospital and providing the
necessary furniture, as per .second clause filtli article
treaty of June 0, J8u->,
For the erection of a blacksmith s-hop, to be located
atKamia.to aid in tbceompletionof the smith's sdiop
at the agency, and to purchase the necessary tools,
iion, steel, Arc., a* per thud clause fifth article treaty
of June0), j 863, 63,000.
For the crection of houses for employes, repairs of
mills, shops, <fccM and pioviding necessary furnituic,
tools, and materials, as per fourth clause tilth arti-
cle treaty of June 9,1863, 63,000.
For salary of two matrons to take charge of the
boarding-schools, two assistant teachers, one farmer,
one carpenter, and two millers, as per fifth article
treatv of June 9,1863, for the fiscal year ending June
30. 1867, S7,600.
For the erection of a house for the Indian chief
Timothy, as per sixth article treaty of June 9, 1863,
6600.
To pay the claims of certain members of the Xez
£ercc tribe for services rendered rind for horses fur-
nished to the Oregon mounted volunteers on the 6th
of March, 1856, at Camp Cornelius, as per seventh
article treaty of June 9, 1863, (to bo paid in gold,)
$ 1,065.
To enable the President to cause the boundary lines
of the reservation to besurveyed and properly marked
and established, and the reservation to be surveyed
into lot* of twenty acres each, as per third article
treaty of June 9, 1863, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is one more
amendment which I am authorized by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to propose to the
bill; and that is to add to this appropriation
bill the appropriation for which a joint resolu-
tion was reported by the committee some time
^ince to pay deficiencies for the support of the
Indian refugees in southern superintendeneies.
I now offer that proposition as an amendment
to this bill, to come in as a new section:
And be it further euac/cl, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum ot .-oOO.OuO
lor the payment of supplies already furnished to the
destitute Indians of the southern supcrintendency,
for removing them to their homes, anil for relieving
such destitute persons among said Indians as are in
actual want and suffering.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hare very great doubts
about that amendment. I should be glad to
hare the attention of the Senator from Ohio
to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is more than the
amount they claimed of us.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amount estimated
for by theDcpartmcnt was over sTOO.OOO. The
amount which was actually expended when the
question was presented to the Committee on
Indian Affair? was $385,000, and the estimates
for the expenditures np to the 1st of August
were over $700,000. Our committee, after
very long and patient investigation into this
matter, bringing before us all the agents of
these tribes, and the Secretary of tho Interior
himself also coming before the committee to
impart any information that had come to his
knowledge and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, became satisfied that, so far as the
money which had been expended was con-
cerned, we must make the appropriation : and
as to the condition of the Indians, we were
fully satisfied that some further appropriation
was necessary to keep them from actual star-
vation. "We have cut the thing down, as I
think, to the very lowest point, so far as any
future or additional expenditure is to bo made,
that we can do without suffering these people
to starve upon our hands.
If the Senate will give me their attention I
can state ihe facts in this case in a single mo-
ment. When the war commenced the south-
ern Indians joined the rebellion, with about
ono half the Creeks and a third or more of the
Choetaws, and drove the loyal Indians, as they
were called, out of the country, in the depth of
winter, into Kansas, to the number of about
twenty thousand. Their presence in the State
of Kansas gave continual dissatisfaction to
the people of Kansas, and we were constantly
pressed to pass a law to compel the Interior
Department to remove those Indians out of the
State of Kansas into the Indian country. At
last Congress parsed an act which directed the
Secretary of the Interior to remove those In-
dians from the State of Kansas back to their
homes. This was undertaken. When they
were lemoved back to their homes, the long
and short of the whole story is. there was noth-
ing upon which they could live except some
ie ,v cattle that were found in the country. Some
of them have not reached their homes yet.
Complaints have been made that the thing has
not been managed with as much wisdom as it
might have been. Perhaps those complaints
are well founded; but whether it has been man-
aged with the discretion that it ought to have
been or not, the truth is the Indians were there;
the Indians were upon our hands ; the Indians
were almost in a state of absolute starvation ;
and the Government has never fed them any
too well. It has cost no large sums of money,
it is true. We confiscated the annuities of the
Choetaws and all the Indians of the Indian
country, and used that money to aid in sup-
porting them. In addition to that, we have
been compelled to expend large sums of money
out of the Treasury. Let mo say to my hon-
orable friend from Ohio that the result to which
our committee came, after the fullest exami-
nation, -n as, that we would favor this appropri-
ation of half a million dollars, and that it
should be the last. Most of the Indians are
now at their homes, and we are making ar-
rangements and treaties with them, and now
they must take care of themselves. They can
do it. The=e Indians, in comparison with other
Indians, are civilized; and with the assistance
we have given them, and the crops growing this
year, they will be able to live. That is the real
truih. I hope my honorable friends from Ohio
and Maine will not resist this appropriation,
for it is an appropriation to which we must
come at the last. The morfey lias been ex-
pended, and it must be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to read extracts
from two letters from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs upon this subject, and then I
shall leave the question entirely to the Senate
to decide. I know how futile it is to attempt
to resist appropriations of this character. We
have expended millions in this way. I must
confess that these letters, and others, brought,
me very much to agree to the general proposi-
tion to "transfer this whole bureau to the War
Department. The first letter that I will read
is dated May 10, I860, and addressed to the
Secretary of the Interior, from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs :
"Sin: In compliance with your direction, under
date of the Ttli nutant, I called upon Superintendent
Sells on the 8th"—
