2598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
tion" or tho exact kind of "meritorious conduct" or
service, and in what arm of the servicc or department
rendered, for which such brevet promotion was con-
ferred, whether the same be mentioned or described
in the letter of appointment or commission or not.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas it is the practice of United States pension
agents to deduct from the pensions of widows, or-
phans, and decrepit soldiers, wherever they draw
their pensions, the sum of forty or fifty cents under
the pretense that it is a fee allowed by law for mak-
ing out pension papers, which practice has become
the cause of much complaint: Therefore, be it
liesolved. That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and are hereby, instructed to inquire into the
expediency and propriety of so amending or modi-
fying the present pension laws, if that be necessary,
as will require pension agents to pay full pensions to
those who are or may be entitled to receive them,
and to report bv bill or otherwise.
COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds in reply to a
resolution of the House of the 10th instant in
regard to clerks employed, their former occu-
pation, &c.; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
APPOINTMENTS TO TIIE MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred House
joint resolution No. 134, relative to appoint-
ments to the Military Academy of the United
States, with leave to report at any time, re-
ported hack the same with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, as follows:
That the age for the admission of cadets to the
United States Military Academy shall hereafter be
between seventeen and twenty-two years; but any
person who has served honorably and faithfully not
less than one year as an officer or enlisted man in the
Army of the United States, either as a volunteer or
in the regular service, in the late war for the sup-
pression of rebellion, and who possesses the other
quantitations prescribed by law. shall be eligible to
appointment up to the age of twenty-four years.
Awl be it furtlwr ironical, Tli at cadets at the Mili-
tary Academy shall he-rentier be appointed one year
in advance of the time of their admission, except in
cases where by reason of death or other cause a va- I
eaney occurs which cannot be thus provided for by
such appointment in advance; but no pay or allowance
shall be made to any such appointee until he shall bo
regularly admitted on examination as now provided
by law; nor shall this provision apply to appoint-
ments to be made in the present year; and in addi-
tion to the requirements necessary for admission, as
provided by the third section of the act making
further provision for the corps of engineers, ap-
proved April '29,1812, candidates shall be required to
have a knowledge of the elements of English gram-
mar, of descriptive geography, particularly of our
own country, and of the history of the United States.
Mr. THAYER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question. By what time,
in the ordinary course of human events, does
ho think a man who enters the Military Acad-
emy at the age of twenty-four years can be
made captain ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That wpuld depend very
much upon whether we continued in a state of
peace or became again involved in war.
Mr. THAYER. I think that about the time
he is ready to_bo appointed captain he would
be in a condition to go upon the retired list.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House will under-
stand that the provision to which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] now
directs attention is simply this : wo propose to
extend the age at which a person may enter the
Military Academy to seventeen years instead
of sixteen years, as it now is. That has been
recommended by more than one board of vis-
itors, in consequence of the fact that the young
men arc found not to be able physically to
endure the hardship of the service at West
Point at the age of sixteen years. And we
propose to make itsoventeen years, and then put
a year on the other end, making the maximum
age at which they can enter twenty-two years
instead of twenty-one years.
And the committee further propose that in
the cases of those who have served faithfully
for one year in the last war, either in the vol-
unteer service or in the regular Army, shall
have the benefit of two years, in consideration
of that service, in entering the Academy at
West Point. Of course, this provision will
exhaust itself in the course of the next three
or four years, for there will then be no candi-
dates to which it can apply. The committee
thought il but proper that this should be held
out as a sort of bonus or compensation to those
young men for that portion of their time which
has been cut out of their lives, as it were; that
there should be added to the time when they
can enter the Military Academy the term of
two years, so they may have the opportunity
of obtaining the benefit of a further military
education, if they can get the appointment, in
addition to the practical military education
they have obtained in the Held. ' It does not
amount to much; but it is something.
Mr. THAYER. I would vote cheerfully for
anything that would benefit the class of officers
to whom the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee [Mr. Sciiexck] lias referred; but it seems
to me to bo a very equivocal kind of benefit to
propose that a gentleman of {lie age of twenty-
four years shall be allowed to enter the Military
Academy, for by the time he graduates and is
eligible to appointment as a brevet second
lieutenant he will be twenty-eight years of age.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman may per-
haps not be aware that in filling the five hun-
dred and sixty-four vacancies in the grades of
first and second lieutenants of the regular Army,
it is found that the candidates for those posi-
tions include not merely those who have served
in the late war as lieutenants, but many captains
and field officers, and even some who have
attained the rank of brigadier general in the
volunteer service. It is found that men who
have obtained some experience of military life
during the war, and have acquired some prac-
tical knowledge of the service, desire to con-
tinue m the service, even in instances where
tliey have become brigadier generals. In
almost numberless cases, where they have
become field officers, they are willing to be
turned back and enter the service again as
second lieutenants. Now, if that can be taken
as a sample of what may be expected, there
will be found many young men whose devotion
to civil pursuits has been interrupted by the
war, who nill be glad to enter West Point even
up to the age of twenty-four years, if vacancies
shall occur in the districts in which they reside
and they can secure the appointments.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and boing_ engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed:
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. MORRILL. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in or-
der is House bill No. 543, to provide for
restoring to the States lately in insurrection
their full political rights, which was reported
from the committee on reconstruction, and
made the special order for Wednesday last,
after the reading of the Journal, and now
reached for the first time.
Mr. STEVENS. I learn that the Senate
will not probably proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
which we have sent to them, until this day week.
It will therefore be very awkward to proceed
to the consideration of this bill until the Sen-
ate shall havelacted one way or the other upon
the joint resolution we have sent them, inas-
much as this bill recites the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as having been acted upon and submitted to
the Legislatures of the several States. I there-
fore move to postpone the further considera-
tion of this bill until irfter the reading of tho
Journal until this day two weeks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that this bill will
not be postponed for so long a time as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stkvexs] has
proposed. The recital in this bill can no moro
be urged against the consideration of it before
the Senate shall act upon the constitutional
amendment recited in it than it could be urged
against the enacting clause of any bill origi-
nating in this House, that because the Senate
had not acted upon and passed it the House
could not truthfully declare and enact the
words 1' be it enacted by the Senate and Houso
of Representatives." The suggestion of tho
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
would have as much force in the one case as
the other. I hope, therefore, this House,if they
deem this bill of any importance, will not post-
pone its consideration any longer than until after
the reading of the Journal on Monday next.
Let the House do its duty. If it is necessary
to pass the entire scheme for the reconstruc-
tion of the States lately in insurrection, as
reported by the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion, then let the House do its duty, its whole
duty, and leave the responsibility with the Sen-
ate, where it belongs. Suppose the Senate do
not act on the constitutional amendment for
two weeks or four weeks or two months; are
we to stand idle here looking on to see whether
the Senate will act upon the amendment before
we act upon the other measures necessary to
the restoration of the insurrectionary States ?
The American people expect this Congress
to present to them a system of measures full
and complete for the restoration of the States
lately in insurrection, depending alone for final
consummation upon the sovereign will of tho
organized States of this Union and the people
of the disorganized States, acting under your
law.
In this connection I desire to make one other
remark. There are now one or two State Le-
gislatures in session. If it shall be the pleas-
ure of this House to amend tho bill now under
consideration so as to permit the States lately
in insurrection, by the solemn ratification of
the amendment to the Constitution which is
proposed to them, and by conforming their
own conslitutions and laws thereunto, to be
represented in the Congress of the United
States, then it becomes a matter of some im-
portance that Congress shall give them the
opportunity to do so while their Legislatures
are in session. The House has a duty to per-
form to that end as well as the Senate. So far
as I understand, there is but one Legislature
of a State lately in insurrection now in session,
and that is the Legislature of the State of Ten-
nessee. Now, I do not know that it will be
tho pleasure of tho House to change this bill
in tho respect I have indicated ; if that change
is to be made, then the sooner the Houso make
that change the better, so that the Legislature
of Tennessee may indicate its readiness, upon
the passage of the bill of the Senate, to accept
the terms.
But whether the House shall make that
change or not, it is well known that there is a
Legislature of a northern State now in session—
I mean the Legislature of the State of Connecti-
cut. And therefore, if this bill is to pass in the
form in which it came from the committee, it is
important that it should pass, as well as the joint
resolution proposing the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, in order to
allow the Legislature of Connecticut to ratify
your amendment, with the knowledge that until
it is made part of the Constitution" the insur-
rectionary States cannot be admitted to rep-
resentation, and thus take that step for tho
restoration of those States and the reestablish- •
mentof the Constitution and the laws over every
rood of the lately insurgent territory.
I hope, therefore, if the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Momull] desires to take up and
consider the revenue bill, that this bill for rc-
consl ruction and restoration will not be post-
poned longer than until Monday next after tho
reading of the Journal.
