1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
now is the time to act upon it, before we pass
upon the correctness of the Journal.
Mr. DAVIS. The motion made by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts is to cor-
rect the Journal, What matter does such,a
motion involve? Simply the question whether
there has been a departure in the .Journal, as
it has been made up by the Clerk, from the
proceedings and acts of the Senate. Accord-
ing to that rule there is no correction to make.
The record is in strict conformity to the action
of the Senate, the Journal faithfully records
everything that was done in the Senate and
nothing more; and for that reason there is
nothing to correct.
But, Mr. President, I will say a word upon
the main question here. I maintain that Mr.
Stockton had an undoubted light to vote. He
presented his credentials to this body some
three months since, and was admitted by its
order to take the oath of office and to take his
seat upon this floor as a Senator. From that
time up to the consideration of this subject he
has been voting, debating, and acting precisely
as the other Senators. Was or was not his
action as a Senator in this bodj as strictly
legitimate and regular as that of any Senator
in the body upon all other subjects? No gen-
tleman will controvert that proposition. What
is there to deny him the right to vote in his own
case, as it is called, upon the question of adopt-
ing the resolution reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary? He is a member of the
body; he is a Senator of the United States.
As such he lias been uniformly acting from
the lime that he took the oath of office the
same as any other Senator in the body. If his
action were regular, legitimate, and proper on
all other subjects, was it not equally so upon
the present subject and in the present mode?
It is, unless there be some law or some rule
that excludes him from his privilege and his
light to vote. Where is the law, where is the
rule, that debars Mr. Stockton from his right
to vote in this matter? The precedents read
by the Senator from Massachusetts are not
analogous, because the House of llepresenta-
tives have a positive rule that excludes every
member from voting upon any question in
which he is personally interested. The Senate
has no such rule j and in the total absence of
such rule I ask gentlemen for the law that
excludes Mr. Stockton from his right to vote.
What says the Constitution of the United
States upon the subject of the Senate and the
right of Senators to vote ?
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed
of two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legis-
lature thereof for six years; and each Senator shall
have one vote."
That is the constitutional provision j that is
the law of the Constitution in relation to the
right of a Senator to vote generally upon all
questions, without any exception whatever of
his own case. He, by the letter of the Consti-
tution, is entitled to vote, and he is by its spirit,
too. Where is the rule, I ask again, that over-
rules this provision of the Constitution which
expressly guaranties to every Senator the right
to one vote? It is not found in the Constitu-
tion ; it is not found in any rule of the Senate;
and it cannot be deduccd from parliamentary
law, because that parliamentary law would be
in conflict with this express provision of the
Constitution.
Mr. President, this is a rule not for this case
alone, but if it is adopted it will apply to the
future, unless it should be abrogated, and what
will be its effect in the future? Suppose at a
future session the Senate, is equally divided; it
is separated into two parties, and the strength
of both parties is the same. What is to be done
then? One of the fractions of the Senate im-
mediately institutes a contest of the seat of a
Senator belonging to the other party, and under
the rule that a Senator cannot vote in his own
ease, the party that makes the contest will gain
the ascendency in the Senate by excluding the
Senator whose seat is contested from his right
to vote, and overpower him by a majority vote
on a question on which he is not entitled to
vote, and deprive him of his seat. That jtill
be the effect of it.
Is there a Senator in this body who is not
perfectly convinced in liis own mind that the
whole object of this movement now is party
power in the body? If the division of the Sen-
ate between the parties had been different, so
different that the question how Mr. Stockton's
right to his seat might be decided conld not
affect the majority in the Senate, and the power
of the party that now is claiming by this mode
to gain the ascendency, can any man who has
witnessed the proceedings of the Senate suppose
that there would have been any contest of his
seat at all?
Mr. President, I am authorized to come to
the conclusion that this is not a bona fide ex-
amination of the right of the Senator from New
Jersey to a seat here according to his vote and
the law and the Constitution. It is not intended
to examine into and ascertain, upon the prin-
ciples of law and the facts of the case, whether
he is entitled to liis seat or not. That is not
the object. The object is to gain party power,
to acquire a power in the body sufficient to
achieve a two-thirds vote of the Senate for the
party objects of the party that is now in the
ascendency in the two Houses of Congress;
and no man is so blind as to wink his eyes
against the truth of that proposition. If this
issue had been made before a tribunal irrespect-
ive of party considerations and the-necessity,
real or supposed, of a party majority of two
thirds, we should never have heard, in my
judgmeut, of the right of Mr. Stockton being
seriously co/itested, or at least such contest
would only have been by a very small minority
of the body.
Mr. President, will not the same party ex-
cuses and the same need for party ascendency
and for party strength in this and in the other
House come about in the future? In future
Senates, when the House may be divided, as it
may well bo divided, equally in the case that I
put, what will be the effect of this precedent,
and of party impulses generally? It will be for
one of the parties to contest the scat of a mem-
ber of the other party in the House, without
any regard to the merits of the case, but simply
to grasp at and reach party power.
Now, Mr. President, if Mr. Stockton is to
be deprived of his right to vote on the present
question, it must be by some rule or by some
law. Will the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts point out any rule or any law that con-
travenes, much less that overrules the positive
provision of the Constitution, that each Sena-
tor shall be entitled to one vote? That is the
law of the Constitution in the organization of
the Senate. If the Senate has prescribed a rule
for its own proceedings, that a Senator should
not vote on a question in which ho-was con-
cerned or interested, the question might come
up, then, between the validity of such a rule
and the provision of the Constitution ; but this
case, as it is now before the Senate, admits of
no such question. There is no conflict of rule
or law to govern the principle of the case ; but
here is a simple lule of the Constitution, that
says in plain and explicit language that the
Senate shall consist of two members from each
Statq, and that every Senator shall be entitled
to one vote, generally, without qualification,
without reservation, and that, I maintain, en-
titles Mr. Stockton here to vote. If the Senate
ever intended a different rule they would have
prescribed a special rule to govern the partic-
ular case; and in the absence of any special
rule or any rule upon the subject, his right to
vote, in mv judgment—and I have always been
of this opinion—is just as undeniable and as
valid as that of any Senator of the body.
Whether he will vote or not in his own case is
a question addressed to his own delicacy and
his own sense of honor; and I concur with the
judgment passed by the honorable Senator from
Maryland, that the circumstance of this cas'e
fully authorized and required him to cast his
vote; and ho would have been derelict to his
duty to the State of New Jersey - and his
duties as a Senator in this body not to have
given that vote. ' . '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is theS^n-'
ate ready for the question on the motion to
amend the Journal? • ... -
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I had not
intended to say-jDne word on this subject to-day :
but remarks have been made in the course of
this debate which it may seem proper that I
should reply to. And first, let me ask, was I
entitled to vote? The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, section three of article first, says:
" The Senate of the United States slia.il be composed
of two Senators from oaeh State, chosen by the Le-
gislature thereof for six years; and eaeh Senator shall
have one vote."
Now, Mr. President, I have flattered myself
even yet, through four terrible years of this
war, that I was living under a constitutional
Government, and that when the Constitution of
the United States said a thing in direct words,
all the authority that could be read from par-
liamentary law would be inapplicable, and
could not control the judgment of any gentle-
man in this body.
Gentlemen seem to see this point very clearly;
but their friends elsewhere do not. There are
in the Senate of New Jersey now eleven Re-
publican senators and ten Democratic sena-
tors ; and at the opening of the session a Re-
publican senator voted for himself, witWhis
party, and elected himself president of the Sen-
ate of New Jersey, and is to-day presiding ov$r
it. Your rules, gentlemen, are different here
from what they are in New Jersey. The ques-
tion was never raised there.
Mr. President, I am here by virtue of my
eredontials. The Governor of the State of New
Jersey, under the broad seal of the State of
New Jersey, told me that I was elected Sena-
tor; I believed it was true. I examined the
subject thoroughly, and as far as conviction
could fasten itself upon the human mind, that
conviction had fastened itself upon my mind.
I presented those credentials. I was sworn in.
I took a solemn oath to do my duty as a Sen-
ator in this body. The doubt in this case is
whether I should not have voted when my name
was called on the amendment of the Senator
from Now Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.] Gentle-
men have failed to remark upon the fact that
1 did not vote when my name was called on the
amendment. Why? From delicacy, which any
gentleman would feel, not because I did not
think- I had a right to vote. Mr. President, it
might have been a very serious question, it
might have been a difficult thing for me to free
myself from the responsibility (if my vote had
been the deciding vote) of not voting on that
amendment, and allowing delicacy to overcome
what was my constitutional duty.
G.enllemen say that I am voting in my own
case, that it is a judicial question, and that I
voted in my own case. Is that true? I have
never thought so. If I thought it was my own -
ease, I should not have come to the Senate, I
should not have asked to take my seat here,
I should not have presented my_ credentials.
Some gentlemen may absorb their represent-
ative character in personal considerations. I
cannot do it. I never looked upon this as my
case. It was the ease of the Senator from New
Jersey ; and when one gentleman from New
Jersey, my colleague, was deprived of his vote
by—what shall I term it? I do not propose to
violate parliamentary propriety by terming it
anything—but when one Senator from New J er-
sey by artifice was prevented from recording
his vote, as he would have done, the other was
"not to vote from delicacy.
Mr. President, there are eleven States out of
the Union, and they wanted to put New Jersey
out; and I did not mean that they should do
it from motives of delicacy on my part.
This, Mr. President, makes it necessary for
me to make an allusion which is extremely dis-
agreeable ; an allusion which I did not intend
to make; a subject so painful to me that I
should like to see it erased from the record
