1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think it is unjust
to the better class of Indians.
rthe PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs upon the amendment, of the Senator from
Illinois, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Ihe question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 81, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler. Clark, Cragin,
Dooht.de, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Norton,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Itam^ey, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Guthrie,
Hendrieks, ilcDoinralj, Nesmitli, Itiddle, Stockton,
and Van Winkle—10.
A1.SENT—Messrs. Brown,Conness,Cresw ell, Dixon,
Howe, Saulsbury, Sherman, Wright, and Yates—9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Subsequently (during the course of Mr. Da-
vis's remarks, and by his permission) the fol-
lowing explanations were made:
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to allow me to record my vote on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
I was called out of the Chamber before the roll
was called, and I ask the liberty of being al-
lowed to record my name on the amendment.
I vote ■' ay."
The PRESIDING OFFICFR. By unani-
mous consent, perhaps the Senator from Ohio
will be permitted to record his vote.
Mr. CLARIv. I do not think it can be done
even by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed by several
Senators that this has not been allowed in the
Senate even by unanimous consent. I desire
to snv, therefore, that if 1 had been in my seat
I would have voted "ay."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. \ understand
the rule is positively against it; thai unanimous
consent will not allow a vote to be recorded
after the result has been announced.
Mr. CONNESS. Being absent temporarily
I wish to make the same statement made by
the Senator from Ohio, that 1 would have voted
for the amendment if I had been present.
Mr. HOWE.- if this is a time for defining
out positions, I think f ought to fake occasion
to say that I would have voted the same way if
1 hod been present.
Mr. DAYiS. Mr. President, I will state the
various points which I made yesterday in the
course of the desultory and running conver-
sation between various Senators and myself,
and bhall then proceed to express my views in
opposition to the bill. I hold :
1. Two centuries ago, and upward, the con-
tinent of North America was settled and taken
possession of by the Governments and people
of Europe, English, Irish, Scotch, French,
Netherlander*!, Germans, Swedes, Danes. Nor-
wegians. Italians, Spanish, and Portuguese, all
of the white race.
2. The negro, or any other race, had no
ownership, proprietory power or government
in their respective settlements—all was exclu-
sively with (he particular European nationality
that had made the settlement.
All these settlements within the bound-
ary of the original thirteen States had become,
many years before the Deelarationof Independ-
ence. possessions and colonics of the British
empire, each one being a slaveholding com-
munity, and owning negroes of Afiicaii birth
and descent as property and chattels.
4. While all the colonies were thus slave-
holding, the troubles between them and Eng-
land began, to redress no wrongs or oppres-
sions of the negroes, free or slave, in all or any
of the colonics : but to redress the wrongs and
opnre=-sions of the white people alone inflicted
by the Government of England.
' o. This long and obstinate struggle was un-
dertaken, managed, and adjusted by the white
neople exclusively, as their own quarrel and
for their own benefit; and in this great and
complex transaction the negro and Indian were
ignored—they were not parties to it. If a few
hundred of both those races appeared occa-
sionally in the battle-fields on the side of the
colonies it was as their slaves and allies, and
not as coparties.
0. The first or revolutionary Confederation
among the colonies, then their Articles of Con-
federation, then their Declaration of Independ-
ence, and then the present Constitution of the
United States, were all acts of the white people
of the colonies, undertaken and performed by
them exclusively for no object or benefit but
their own. The negroes or Indians were not
parties to them or either of them; and they
were intended to be and were not affected or
reached by them. Buttheywere undertaken,
done, and performed, and produced precisely
then the same results as though the negro and
the Indian had not been in being; and those
results were intended to he and were limited
to the white people alone.
7. No slave negro was made free, or had any
addition whatever to his privileges by the Arti-
cles of Confederation, or the Declaration of In-
dependence, or the Constitution of the United
States; nor were the rights or liberties of any
free negro added to by either of those instru-
ments. The condition of both slave and free
negi}%, in every State, continued precisely the
s^ye a,ftpr the Articles of Confederation, the
Doc^ftjipn of Independence, and the Consti-
tuti<3fl,Jhat it had been before.
S. Naturalization is the admission by Gov-
ernment of a foreigner to the privileges, or a
portion of the privileges, of a citizen. Before
the present. Constitution this power was exer-
cised by each State for itself, which produced
diverse and discordant systems. For the pur-
poses of uniformity the power of naturalization
was by the States surrendered to the Govern-
ment of the United States by the Constitution.
That the power was delegated and reserved to
the extent that (he States had exercised. That
they had exercised it only to naturalize for-
eigners. and foreigners of the European nation-
alities; and the United States receiving from
them this power as they had always exercised it
were also limited to foreigners of the European
branches of the Caucasian race of men.
9. That the fundamental, original, and uni-
versal principle upon which oui system of gov-
ernment rests, is that it was founded by and for
white men ; that it lias always belonged to and
been managed by white men; and that to pre-
serve and administer it now and forever is the
light and mission of the white man. When a
negro or Chinaman is attempted to be obtruded
into it, the sufficient cause to repel him is that
he is a negro or Chinaman.
Having thus stated my positions in a short
compass, I proceed to lay before the Senate my
objections to this most offensive measure. To
me this measure and its twin sister that was
passed a few days ago by the Senate are the
most, offensive of all the measures that have
ever been before Congress, and upon which I
have been callcd to act. The first was intended
to have a peculiar application to my State. As
the honorable chairman who reported it avowed
frankly itwas intended to entrap Kentucky and
Delaware, and it is designed especially, as I
know by an interview with the commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau for that Slate, that I had
a few moments ago. to punish Kentucky ; not
because Kentucky went into the rtbellion, not
because Kentucky was tiue to the Constitution
and true to her rights. Yes, Mr. President, my
gallant and true State is now on object of more,
and is more the special subject of vengeance
upon the part of the majority who have posses-
sion of this Government than is any State, in the
Union: and the sole cause of offense, the sole
reason for these particular feelings of revenge
and vengeance is simply that she would not bow
her neck to Baal. It is because she had the
manliness and the intelligence and the courage
to stand hv the Constitution, and stand for her
rights under the Constitution: and I hope and I
believe that she will continue to do that forever.
Mr. President, the honorable chairman of the
Committee, oa.the Judiciary; who introduced,
this measure, the other day attempted." to re-
spond to and obvia te an objection of mine to. thte
introduction of the Freedmen's Bureau into the
State of Kentucky, and-he xead an extract from
the act of Congress passed at the last session,
establishing the Freedmen'sBureau^amdrelied
upon that law as justification and authority for
carrying the Freedmen's Bureau into Kentucky.
He read this clause in the first section-tsf--the
act of last year: . , i
" That tliere is hereby established in the -"War De-
partment, to continue during the present war of rebel-
lion, and for one year thereafter, n Bureau of Refu-
gees,]^ reedm.cn, and AbandonedLands, to which fella ! 1
be committed, as hereinafter provided, the supct-
-vision and management of all abandoned lands, and
the control oi all s-ubjecth relating to refugees and
freedmen from rebel States, or from any district of
country within the territory embraced in the opera-
tions of the Army,"
That learned and profound lawyer assumed
that the latter words which I have read author-
ized the introduction of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau into Kentucky. Taking the whole sen-
tence, it simply authorizes the establishment
within the War Department here in the city of
V\ asliington of a Freedmen's Bureau. The War
Department and other Departments of the Gov-
ernment have different bureaus. Does an act
of Congress which authorizes the establishment
of anj1 one or all of those bureaus, or, if you
please, of another bureau in any Department
in Washington city, authorize a branch of that
bureau to be carried into Kentucky, or into
all the States ? Certainly not. And yet that
is the absurd and preposterous conclusion -to
which the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary leaped, that because this
law authorized the establishment of a Freed-
men's Bureau in the War Department, which
bureau should take cognizance of freedmen and
refugees from any State that had been affected
by the rebellion, therefore the Secretary of War
was authorized by this law to carry the Freed-
men's Bureau into each and all the States that
had been reached by the enemy and had been
invaded by the enemy. Sir, it authorizes no
such conclusion; but here is the letter of the
lav/ itself in another section which places this
matter beyond all doubt or cavil:
" Sue. 3. A nd be it further enacted. That the President
may, by and with the advicc and eonsentofthe Sent
ate, appoint an a.-sistant commissioner for each of
the States declared to be in insurrection,not exceed-
ing ten in number.''
It was this section of the law to which I had
reference when I admonished the honorable
Senator that the Freedmen's Bureau was estab-
lished in Kentucky without the authority or the
semblance of law; and 1 read the law now to
<-how that it only authorized the sending of asr
sisfant commissioners into the rebel States, and
Kentucky never having been a rebel State there
was no authority whatever to carry the bureau
info that State. Andyet, General Fiske, who is
now in this city, under the direction, I suppose,
of the Secretary of War, has established a Freed-
men's Bureau, and a military government con-
nected with it, in the State of Kentucky, without
authority of law, and invested, or attempted to
invest, that Freedmen's Bureau there with the
power of striking down the whole fabric of our
State government and all of its officers, execu-
tive. judicial, and legislative, of prescribing laws
repugnant, notonlytothelaws of our State, butto
our constitution, requiringthe arbitrary, despot-
ic, military edicts whiehhe has dared topromnlge
in a State that has always been loyal, to be ex-
ecuted, and denouncing as criminals the courts
and the executive officers of the Slate who pre-
sume to execute her constitution and her laws
where they are in conflict with this military code,
r read the oilier day—and I am not going to
repeal—the code, the unmitigated military des-
potism that the Secretary of War, by his mili-
tary satrap, General Fiske. has proclaimed, not
for the government of. hut to tyrannize over and
oppress, the people oi Kentucky, and to over-
throw their government.
ill-. President:. I think the gentlemen will learn
something after aw iiiie, from experience. They
will learn thai the. Conslhunon is a very impor-
tant instrument, that itwas most nicely and ar-
