1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Eulogy—Mr. Creswell.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
of life, liberty, and property, and the rightful
pursuit of happiness, and giving to Congress
power to enforce these rights where the States
withheld them. That, in my estimation, is a
better theory of proceeding on this subject than
the one introduced by my colleague, which pro-
poses to vest that power in Congressatonce; be-
cause I want Congress to exercise no more power
over the local legislation of the States than is
absolutely necessary, and I would not allow it
to go in the first instance to secure these rights,
but allow it to go only when the States refuse
to apply and give such security under the fun-
damental law of the nation.
I am still of opinion that if this subject is
developed and investigated as it should be,
that if we do anything upon this subject at all,
we had better do it by taking up the amend-
ment to the Constitution offered by my col-
league, [Mr. Bingham,] now postponed till
April, modifying it in the form I have sug-
gested, and making it the fundamental law,
and then proceeding to secure the rights of
these persons in a way in which we shall not
be trampling downor endangering the funda-
mental law of the land.
I am not to be understood as denying the
power of this Government, especially that
great war power which, when evoked, has no
limit except as it is limited by necessity and
the laws of civilized warfare. But, sir, in time
of peace 1 would not and I cannot stand here
and attempt the exercise of powers by this
General Government which, if carried out with
all the logical consequences that follow their
assumption, will, in my opinion, endanger the
liberties of the country.
I will not detain the House any longer. I
have not been able to illustrate as I would,
had I had time, this question. But I have en-
deavored to present it in such a form as will
awoken investigation and bring the minds of
members to the consideration of this impor-
tant question. For it is just as important that
we should not swing back into the assertion of
powers in this Government that do not belong
to it, as that we should not go to the other ex-
treme of asserting the existence of powers in a
State that do not belong to it. Let us take a
calm, philosophical, and statesmanlike view of
the condition of things in which we are placed ;
proceeding under no impulse such as has neces-
sarily grown up under the terrible training we
have had ; proceeding with caution and delib-
eration, and taking care to preserve the con-
stitutional rights both of the States and of the
General Government.
We have a Government of which we may be
proud, a Government that is to live, a Gov-
ernment that rests upon granted powers of a
limited character ; and if we sustain it and
«o not make it a tyranny, do not convert it
into a usurpation, it will be a Government
loved by the people, cherished by the people,
wherein civil liberty will be established, 1 trust J
forever, and the power of man for self-govern-
ment be illustrated.
EULOGY
ON THE LIFE AND CHARACTER
of
HENRY WINTER DAVIS,
by
HON.. JOHN A. J. CRESWELL,
February 22, 1860.
The death of Hon. Henry Winter Davis, for
many years a distinguished Representative of
one of the Baltimore congressional districts,
created a deep sensation among those who had
been associated with him in national legisla-
tion, and they deemed it fitting to pay to his
memory unusual honors. They adopted reso-
lutions expressive of their grief, and invited
Hon. John A. J. Creswell, a Senator of the
United States from the State of Maryland, to
deliver an oration on his life and character, in
the Hall of the House of Representatives, on
the. 22d of February, a day the recurrence of
which ever gives increased warmth to patriotic
emotions.
The Hall of the House was filled by a distin-
guished audience to listen to the oration. Be-
fore eleven o' clock the galleries were crowded
in every part. The flags above the Speaker's
desk were draped in black, and other insignia
of mourning were exhibited. An excellent
portrait of the late Hon. Henry Winter Davis
was visible through the folds of the national
banner above the Speaker's chair. As on the
occasion of the oration on President Lincoln
by Hon. George Bancroft, the Marine band
occupied the ante-room of the reporters' gal-
lery and discoursed appropriate music.
At twelve o'clock the Senators entered, and
the Judges of the Supreme Court, preceded by
Chief Justice Chase. The President of the
United States had been invited but was not
present. The only members of the Cabinet
present were Secretary Stanton and Secre-
tary McCulloch. After prayer by the Chaplain,
the Declaration of Independence was read by
Hon. Edward McPherson, Clerk of the House.
After the reading of the Declaration, followed
by the playing of a dirge by the band,
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the
House of Representatives, rose and said:
Ladies and Gentlemen: The duty has been
devolved upon me of introducing to you the
friend and fellow-member, here, of Henry Win-
ter Davis, and I shall detain you but a moment
from his address, to which you will listen with
saddened interest.
The world always appreciates and honors
courage. The courage of Christianity, which
sustained martyrs in the amphitheater, at the
stake, and on the rack. The courage of pa-
triotism, which inspired millions in our own
land to realize the historic fable of Curtius, and
to fill up with their own bodies, if need be, the
yawning chasm which imperiled the Republic.
The courage of humanity, which is witnessed
in the pest-house and the hospital, at the death-
bed of the homeless and the prison-cell of the
convict. But there is a courage of statesmen,
besides, and nobly was it illustrated by the
statesman whose national services we com-
memorate to-day. Inflexibly hostile to op-
pression, whether of slaves on American soil
or of republicans struggling in Mexico against
monarchical invasion, faithful always to prin-
ciple and liberty, championing always the cause
of-the downtrodden, fearless as he was eloquent
in his avowals, he was mourned throughout a
continent, and from the Patapsco to the Gulf
the blessings of those who had been ready to
perish followed him to his tomb. It is fitting,
therefore, though dying a private citizen, that
the nation should render him such marked and
unusual honors in this Hall, the scene of so
many of his intellectual triumphs; and I have
great pleasure in introducing to you as the
orator of the day Hon. J. A. J. Creswell, his
colleague in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, and
now Senator from the State of Maryland.
Hon. J. A. J. Creswell then delivered the
following 0EATI0S;
My Countrymen: On the 22d day of Febru-
ary, 1732, God gave to the world the highest type
of humanity in the person of George Washing-
ton. Combining within himself the better qual-
ities of the soldier, sage, statesman, and patriot,
alike brave, wise, discreet, and incorruptible,
the common consent of mankind has awarded
him the incomparable title of Father of his
Country. Among all nations and in every clime
the richest treasures of language have been ex-
hausted in the eiFort to transmit to posterity a
faithful record of his deeds. For him unfading
laurels are secure, so long as letters shall sur-
vive and history shall continue to be the guide
and teacher of civilized men. The whole human
race has become the self-appointed guardian of
his fame, and the name of Washington will be
ever held, over all the earth, to be synonymous
with the highest perfection attainable in public
or private life, and coeternal with that immortal
love to which reason and revelation have to-
gether toiled to elevate human aspirations—
the love of liberty, restrained and guarded by
law.
But in the presence of the Omnipotent how
insignificant is the proudest and the noblest of
men! Even Washington, who alone of his kind
could fill that comprehensive epitome of Gen-
eral Henry Lee, so often on our lips, " First in
war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his
countrymen," was allowed no exemptioufrom
the common lot of mortals. In the sixty-eighth
year of his age he, too, paid the debt of nature.
The dread announcement of his demise sped
over the land like a pestilence, burdening the
very air with mourning, and carrying inexpress-
ible sorrow to every household and every heart.
The course of legislation was stopped in mid
career to give expression to the grief of Con-
gress, and by resolution, approved January 6,
1800, the 22d of February of that year was de-
voted to national humiliation and lamentation.
This is, then, as well a day of sorrow as a day
of rejoicing.
More recent calamities also remind us that
death is universal king. Just ten days ago our
great historian pronounced in this Hall an im-
partial judgment upon the earthly career of him
who, as savior of his country, will be counted
as the compeer of Washington. Scarce have
the orator's lingering tones been mellowed into
silence ; scarce has the glowing page, whereon
his words were traced, lost the impress of his
passing hand, yet we are again called into the
presence of the Inexorable to crown one more
illustrious victim with sacrificial flowers. Hav-
ing taken up his lifeless body, as beautiful as the
dead Absalom, and laid it in the tomb with be-
coming solemnity, we have assembled in the
sight of the world to do deserved honor to the
name and memory of Henry Winter Davis, a
native of Annapolis, in the State of Maryland,
but always proudly claiming to be no less than
a citizen of the United States of America.
We have not convened in obedience to any
formal custom, requiring us to assume an empty
show of bereavement, in order that we may ap-
pear respectful to the departed. We who knew
Henry Winter Davis are not content to clothe
ourselves in the outward garb of grief, and call
the semblance of mourning a fitting tribute to
the gifted orator and statesman, so suddenly
snatched from our midst in the full glory of
his mental and bodily strength. We would do
more than "bear about the mockery of woe."
Prompted by a genuine affection, we desire to
ignore all idle and merely conventional cere-
monies, and permit our stricken hearts to speak
their spontaneous sorrow.
Here, then, where he sat for eight years as a
Representative of the people; where friends
have trooped about him, and admiring crowds
have paid homage to his genius; where grave
legislators have yielded themselves willing cap-
tives to his eloquence, and bis wise counsel has
molded, in no small degree, the law of a great
nation, let us, in dealing with what he has left
us, verify the saying of Bacon, '• Death open-
eth the good fame and extinguished envy."
Remembering that he was a man of like pas-
sions and equally fallible with ourselves, let us
review his life in a spirit of generous candor,
applaud what is good and try to profit by it;
and if we find aught of ill, let us, so. far as jus-
tice and truth will permit, cover it with the vail
of charity and bury it out of sight forever. So
mav our survivors do for us. •
The subject of this address was born on the
16th of August, 1817.
His father. Rev. Henry Lyou Davis, of the
Protestant Episcopal church, was president
of St. John's College at Annapolis, Maryland,
