160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Senate & Ho. of Keps.
Eulogy—Mr. GresweU.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
and rector of St. Ann's parish. He was of
imposing person, and great dignity and force
of character. He was, moreover, a man of
genius, and of varied and profound learning,
eminently versed in mathematics and natural
sciences, abounding in classical lore, endowed
with a vast memory, and gifted with a concise,
clear, and graceful style; rich and fluent iu con-
versation, but without the least pretension to
oratory and wholly incapable of extempore
speaking. He was removed from the presi-
dency of St. John's by a board of Democratic
trustees because of his Federal politics; and,
years afterward, he gave his son his only les-
son in polities at the end of a letter, addressed
to him when at Kenyon College, in this laconic
sentence: "My son, beware of the follies of
Jaclcsonism."
His mother was Jane Brown "Winter, a woman
of elegant accomplishments and of great sweet-
ness of disposition and purity of life. It might
be truthfully said of her, that she was an exem-
plar for all "who knew her. She had only two
children, Henry Winter, and Jane who married
Rev. Edward Syle.
The education of Henry Winter began very
early, at home, under the care of his aunt. Eliz-
abeth Brown Winter, who entertained the most
rigid and exacting opinions in regard to the
training of children, but who was withal a no-
ble woman. He once playfully said, "I could
read before I was four years old, though much
against my will." When his father was removed
from St. John's, he went to Wilmington, Dela-
ware, but some time elapsed before he became
settled there. Meanwhile, Henry Winter re-
mained with his aunt in Alexandria, Virginia.
He afterward went to Wilmington, and was
there instructed under his father's supervision.
In 1827 his father returned to Maryland and
settled in Anne Arundel county.
After reaching Anne Arundel, Henry Win-
ter became so much devoted to out-door life
that he gave small promise of scholarly profi-
ciency. He affected the sportsman, and became
a devoted disciple of Nimrod ; accompanied
always by one of his father's slaves he roamed
the country with a huge old fowling-piece on his
shoulder, burning powder in abundance, but
doing little damage otherwise. While here he
saw much of slaves and slavery, and what he
saw impressed him profoundly, and laid the
foundation for those opinions which he so hero-
ically and constantly defended in all his after-
life. Referring to this period, he said long
afterward, "My familiar association with the
slaves while a boy gave me great insight into
their feelings and views. They spok e with free-
dom before a boy what they would have re-
pressed before a man. They were far from
indifferent to their condition; they felt wronged
and sighed for freedom. They were attached
to my father and loved me, yet they habitually
spoke of the day when God would deliver
them."
He subsequently went to Alexandria, and
was sent toschool at Howard, near the Theo-
logical Seminary, and from Howard he went to
Kenyon College, in Ohio, in the fall of 1833.
Kenyon was then in the first year of the pres-
idency of Bishop Mcllvaine. It was the center
of vast forests, broken only by occasional clear-
ings, excepting along the lines of the National
road, and the Ohio river and its navigable trib-
utaries. In this wilderness of nature, but garden
of letters, he remained, at first in the grammar
school, and then in the college, until the 6th of
September, 1837; when at twenty years of age
he took his degree and diploma, decorated with
one of the honorary orations of his class, on the
great day of commencement. His subject was
"Scholastic Philosophy."
At the end of the i reshman year, a change in
the college terms gave him a vacation of three
months. Instead of spending it in idleness, as
ho might have done, and as most boys would
have done, he availed himself of this interval I
to pursue and complete the studies of the Sopho- I
more year, to which he had already given some
attention in his spare moments. At the open-
ing of the next session he passed the exami-
nation for the Junior class. Fortunately I have
his own testimony and opinion as to this exploit,
and I give them in his own language:
" It was a pretty sharp trial of resol uti on and dogged
diligence, but it saved me ayear of college, and indu-
rated my powers of study and mental caltnre into a
habit, and perhaps enabled me to stay Ion? enough
to graduate. I do not recommend the example to
those who aro independently situated, for learning
must fall like the rain in snch gentle showers as to
sinkin if It is to Ijefruitfal; when poured on the rich-
est soilin torrents, it notonly runsoffwithoutstrength-
ening vegetation, but washes away the soil itself."
His college life was laborious and successful.
The regular studies were prosecuted with dili-
gence, and from them he derived great profit,
not merely in knowledge, but in what is of vastly
more account, the habit and power of mental
labor. These studies were wrought into his
mind and made part of the intellectual sub-
stance by the vigorous collisions of the societies
in which he delighted. For these mimic con-
flicts he prepared assiduously, not in writing,
but always with a carefully deduced logical
analysis and arrangement of the thoughts to be
developed iu the order of argument, with a brief
note of any quotation, or image, or illustration,
on the margin at the appropriate place. From
that brief he spoke. And this was his only
method of preparation for all thegreat conflicts
in which he took part in after life. He never
wrote oat his speeches beforehand.
Speaking of his feelings at the end of his col-
lege life, he sadly said:
14 My father's death had embittered the last days of
the year 1836, and Jeff me without a counselor. I
knew something of books, nothing of men, and I went
forth like Adam among the wild beasts of the un-
known wilderness of the world. My father had dedi-
cated me to the ministry, but the day had gone when
such dedications determined the lives of young men.
Theology as a grave topic of historic and metaphys-
ical investigation I delighted to pursue, but for the
ministry X had no calling. I would have been idle if
I could, for I had no ambition, but I had no fortune
and I could not beg or starve.
All, who were acquainted with liis tempera-
ment, can well imagine, what a gloomy prospect
the future presented to him; when its contem-
plation wrung from his stoical taciturnity that
touching confession.
The truth is, that from the time he entered
college he was continually cramped for want
of money. The negroes ate everything that
was produced on the farm in Anne Arundel, a
gastronomic feat, which they could easily ac-
complish, without ever having cause to com-
plain of a surfeit. His aunt, herself in limited
circumstances, by a careful husbandry of her
means, managed to keep him at college. Ken-
yon was then a manual-labor institution, and
the boys were required to sweep their own
rooms, make their own beds and fires, bring
their own water, black their own boots, if they
ever were blacked, and take an occasional turn
at grubbing iu the fields or working on the roads.
There was no royal road to learning known at
Kenyon in those days. Through all this Henry
Winter Davis passed, bearing his part man-
fully ; and knowing how heavily he taxed the
slender purse of his aunt, he denied himself
with such rigor that he succeeded, incredible
as it may appear, in bringinghis total expenses,
including boarding and tuition, within the sum
of eighty dollars per annum.
His father left an estate consisting only of
some slaves, which were equally apportioned
between himself and sister. Frequent appli-
cations were made to purchase his slaves, but
he never could be induced to sell them, although
the proceeds would have enabled him to pursue
his studies with ease and comfort. He rather
sought and obtained a tutorship, and for two
years he devoted to law and letters only the
time he could rescue from its drudgery. In a
letter, written in April, 1839, replying to the
request of a relative who offered to purchase
his slave Sallie, subject to the provisions of
his father's will, which manumitted her if she
would go to Liberia, he said: "But if she is
under my control," (he did not know that she
had been set to his share,) "I will not consent
to the sale, though he wishes to purchase her
subject to the will." And so Sallie was not
sold, and Henry Winter Davis, the tutor, toiled
on and waited. He never would hold any of
his slaves under his authority, never would
accept a cent of their wages, and tendered each
and all of them a deed of absolute manumission
whenever the law would allow. Tell me, was
that man sincere in his opposition to slavery?
How many of those who have since charged
him with being selfish and reckless in his ad-
vocacy of emancipation would have shown equal
devotion to principle? Not one ; not one. Ah!
the man who works and sutlers for his opinions'
sake places his own flesh and blood iu pledge
for his integrity.
Notwithstanding his irksome and exacting
duties, he kept his eye steadily on the Univer-
sity of Virginia, and read, without assistance,
a large part of its course. He delighted espe-
cially in the pungent pages of Tacitus and the
glowing and brilliant, dignified and elevated
epic of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Em-
pire. These were favorites which never lost
their charm for him. When recently on a visit
at my house, he stated in conversation that he
often exercised himself in translating from the
former, and in transferring the thoughts of the
latter into his own language, and he contended
that the task had dispelled the popular error
that Gibbon's style is swollen and declamatory |
for he alleged that every effort at condensation
had proved a failure, and that at the end of his
labors the page he had attempted to compress
had always expanded to the eye, when relieved
of the weighty and stringent fetters in which the
gigantic genius of Gibbon had bound it.
About this time, the only period when doubts
beset him, he was tempted by a very advanta-
geous offer to settle in Mississippi. He deter-
mined to accept, but some kind spirit inter-
posed taprevent the dispatch of the final letter,
and he remained iu Alexandria. At last his aunt,
second mother as she was, sold some land and
dedicated the proceeds to his legal studies.
He arrived at the University of Virginia in
October, 1839.
From that moment he entered actively and
unremittingly on his course of intellectual train-
ing. While a boy he had become familiar,
under theguidan ce of his father, with the classics
of Addison, Johnson, Swift, Cowper. and Pope,
and he now plunged into the domain of history.
He had begun at Kenyon to make flanking
forays into the fields of historic investigation
which lay so invitingly on each side of the regu-
lar march of his college course. As he acquired
more information and confidence these forays
became more extensive and profitable. It w®
then the transition period from the shallow
though graceful pages of Gillies, Kulliu. Rus-
sell. and Tytler, and the rabbinical agglomer-
ations of Shuckford and Prideaux to the mod-
ern school of free, profound, and laborious in-
vestigation, which has reared immortal mon-
uments to its memory in the works of llallam,
Macaulay, Grote, Bancroft, Proscott. Motley,
Nicbuhr, Bunsen, Schlosser, Thiers, and their
fellows. But of the last-named none except
Nicbuhr's History of Rome, and IlaUam's
Middle Ages, were accessible to him in the
backwoods of Ohio. Cousin's Course of the
History of Modern Philosophy was ju<-t glitter-
ing in the horizon, and Gibbon shone alone as
the morning-star of the day of historic research,
which he had heralded so long. The French
Revolution he had seen only as presented in
Burke's brilliant vituperation and Scott's Tory
diatribe. A republican picture of the great
republican revolution, the fountain of all that
is now tolerable in Europe, had not then been
presented on any authentic and comprehensive
page.
Not only these, but all historical works of
value, which the English, French, and German
