1640
THE fiOiWKESSIQNAL GLOBE.
March. 26,
for the credit of the Senate of the ITniied
States I received yesterday, tor the first
rime, a letter from the home of my colleague,
'since this unfortunate difficulty occurred; and
that letter is from his son-, Major Wright, who
• distinguished himself in the late war. I will,
with the permission of the Senate, read one
extract from it:
" nf Mr. MortfiiLi/s course I nm atolost unmuing
to speak. By what system of ethics no could justify
himself i'or breaking li is pledged word with my lather,
I cannot imagino. Not ono word has he written to
my father on the subject; but lie states m his seat,
that after pledging his honor not to vote on ? °!™
he ' feels constrained to vote. What it no (lid nou. >
vrtii intendedto htsword? Jiiis tousi
Zwto infi w father. That a man should
feel himself released from an agreement with anolh-r
because he announced his intention to a thud paity
to play false, is a curious sort ol casnisti}, wortuj,
though, of the new school ol manners."
Mr. President, 1 hold in my hand a letter
addressed to me by Senator Morrill, of Maine,
giving me the information that lie desired to be
released from his pair with my colleague. J. he
letter bears no date. It was received by me on
the evening of the day for which my case was
noticed, after Mr. Trumbull had given notice
of his intention to call it up. 1 ask that the
Clerk read the letter.
Mr. SUMNER. What was that day ? •
Mr. STOCKTON. I think it was Tuesday
night, but this fact any gentleman can ascer-
tain; it was the evening before the day when
the^case was called up.
Mr. COWAN. Wednesday. _ .
• Mr. STOCKTON. My impression is that it
was Tuesday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. • The letter
will be read, if there be no objection.
Mr STOCKTON. I recollect now that the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] stated
himself on the floor that it was on Wednesday
evening that he notified mo, and I have no
doubt, therefore, that it was on Wednesday
evening that this letter was written.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the letter,
but was unable to decipher it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
suggests his inability to read the writhig.
Mr. Clark and Mr. Johnson advanced to
the desk to assist the Clerk in deciphering the
manuscript. . .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. While the letter is being
deciphered, I ask unanimous consont to intro-
duce a bill for the purpose of reference.
Several'SEXATons. Not now.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will go on with my
statement
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the Senate is hardly vet open for
business. This is a question of privilege, one
of amending the Journal. The Chair does not
feel authorized to receive any business until
the correction of the Journal has been deter-
mined.
Mr. STOCKTON. After receiving that note,
I took it in my hand and went round to the
• house of the Senator from "Maryland [Mr.
Jonxsos] and showed him an answer which I
had prepared to it. in which I stated that it
was impossible to got my colleague here the
next day if the vote came up. J did not know
really whether he could come or could not
come, and do not now. I presume his actual
condition is and has been that it is possible for
him to come, but not without some risk of his
life, although I do not know his precise con-
dition. The Senator from Maryland advised
me not to send the note T had written, but he
said he would see the Senator from Maine the
next morning. He did see him. I then pre-
pared, at my seat, with the Senator from Maine
sitting alongside of me. a telegram _ at his
request, he stating to me, " You must give Mr.
Wright immediate notice." I replied, I will
"write to Mm." Said he, "That will not do;
you must telegraplr. to him." I said I would
do so. I prepared the telegram at my seat
.and handed it to the Senator from Maine. He
read it and approved of it. I handed it then
:to a Senator who sits near me and asked him
"to copy it in his handwriting. 1 have it in the
handwriting of one of the Senators on this
Aqmp, and 1 will read it: ■
[Copj;.]
To Senator Weight, Nmarh. Kew Jersey :
afeTyouaM
&IoSaer himself atliberty tovotoinm^e.
He then, on Thursday morning, agreed to
o-ive my colleague a reasonable time to get to
Washington. On Friday morning, while sit-
ting in the Senate, this answer from Mr.
Wright was handed to me:
Dated Newark, March 23 1886.
Received at W '.smsraox, March 26.
To Hon. Johjt P. Stockton, United States Senate: _
I am still confined to my room and cannot be> in
Washington before the middle of next week. Am 1
to consider your telegraph ol yesterday as a noti«;
from Senator MoRBii.r, that his agreement to pail-off
with me on your case has ended? I have not .heard
anything directfrom him m reference to it, andstill
EESer! WU1 ^"^^"^ILLIAMWRXGHir6
Mr. President, I have always had ever since
I have been a member of this body the highest
respect and regard for the Senator from Maine ;
and I desire to say now to the Senate that
while I desire to characterize the act m the
strongest terms that parliamentary language
will permit me to use, i am perfectly convinced
that Senator Morrill meant to do nothing that
was not honorable and right. I have not the
slightest idea that he did, because I saw his
anxiety, and lie said to me himself when 1 read
this telegram to him that he did not know what
to do. 'But, Mr. President, the gentleman who
is now taking care of the honor of the Senate,
the gentleman who has the honor of the Senate
in his charge, as reported in the papers, called
out to him to vote.
I leave the case with these remarks, i en-
deavored only to do my duty, believing that I
had a constitutional right to vote without over-
stepping any question of delicacy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
know whether the Senator referred to me or
not in his closing remarks.
Mr. STOCKTON. No sir; not at all. „
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think it very likely
that I told Mr. Moriull to vote, or rather ad-
vised him to vote.
Mr. STOCKTON. I referred to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I advised him to vote, oi
course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can state the circum-
stances with reference to this matter, as I un-
derstand them well. The Senator from New
Jersey has undertaken to use the word " arti-
fice':_to say that his colleague was deprived
of his vote by artifice. That of itself is hardly
consistent with the opinion which he seems to
entertain and which he has expressed with re-
gard to the honor of my colleague, than whom
no man is more honorable or more desirous to
act upon proper principles on all occasions. I
will state the facts as I understand them. Some
six or seven weeks ago, at a time when Mr.
WiUGii'r was here, and when it was supposed
that this question was coming up, but when it
■was uncertain on what day it might be, Mr.
Weight stated that he was sick and desired to
go home, and asked my colleague if he would
pair off with liim ; and my colleague, supposing
of course that it was only to be a temporary
absence because he was unwell, theij agreed to
pair off that lie might go home. Nobody sup-
poses that when there is a pair on account ol
the sickness or the eonvenience_of a Senator,
or anything of that kind, that pair is to last all
through the session and to run on indefinitely,
even on the question mentioned, unless the
Senator who consents to pair agrees to that
understanding. It has never been so under-
stood ; and at-any rate I can say that the prac-
tice has always been, within my knowledge, that
at any time a Senator who had agreed to pair
off might be released by giving notice to those
on the other side of the question, (not to the
person with whom he was paired,) in order
that information might be communicated, that
he should consider that after a reasonable time
had elapsed to enable the Senator who had
gone home to return he would be entitled to
vote. That was all that was necessary; because
00 man is bound to keep it up at the will and
convenience of the party who leaves ; it is only
necessary to allow him a reasonable time. It
has always been the understanding here since
1 have been a member that a pair might bs put
an end to in that way.
It -was understood that this question was to
come up. My colleague stated the facts to me
and consulted mo as to what lie should do. i
told him that if he desired to vote all he had to
do was to give reasonable notice to the other
party, and probably I suggested that notice
should be given to the Senator whose seat is m
question, as being the colleague oi the absent
Senator and most interested in the matter ot
anybody, to state to him that he desiret} to ter-
minate the arrangement, and to allow a reason-
able time for Mr. Wright to return, and that
then he would be at liberty to vote. According
to my understanding of the facts he gave this
noticeon Wednesday eveninglast. Mr. Weight
lives about hours, I think, from this city by
rail. Am I right in that?
Several Senators. Eight houTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are several trains
coming in the course of the twenty-four hours. -
The notice was given to Mr. Stockton on vv ed-
nesday evening. It was allowed tolie oyer until
the next morning, but when the next day came
Mr. Morkill again spoke to me on the subject
and said he was disposed to allow Mr. Wright
ample time, and if the vote came on that day
lie did not think ho could vote. I told him that
he was the best judge; it was a matter of deli-
cacy and I could not undertake to advise him
on that point.
The vote went over from that day until trie
very close of the next, allowing Mr. Wright,
if he was in a condition to come, (and that was
his concern,) ample time to arrive. When the
first vote was taken, Mr. Morrill was sitting
by my side ; he said, "My vote will not change
the result, and in order to raise no question
about it as it is not my duty to vote, and my
not doing so will have no effect, I will let this
vote go." When the nexfe vote carae audit
was perceived how it stood, he then voted. It
is said that the Senator from Massachusetts
said to him, " Vote." I know that I said so to
him, as he was sitting by my side; he could
vote if he saw fit, and I advised him to vote.
Now, sir, if there is any imputation upon my
colleague's honor and uprightness, and manli-
ness with reference to that matter the same
imputation rests upon mine. I do not mean to
shun my share of the responsibility. That was
my opinion given to him. I so expressed it, I
stand by it now. I think he was perfectly
right, and there was no reason why, after giv-
ing the notice usual in such cases, he should,
on°account of Mr. Wright's state of health or
any other reason, decline to vote. Senators
are sick on each side, and it_is a sort of advan-
tage on a close question of this sort. It happens
sometimes to the advantage of one party .and
sometimes to another, as the case may be.
I know that the Senator from New Jersey
spoke what he ought to speak and what everjt.
body who has watchcd my colleague in the Sen-
ate feels, that there is not a more strictly hon-
orable and upright man in all relations. He
had some delicacy about this contest between
what might, be supposed to be understood^ on
the other side and what was his duty. I think
he did right in spite of the comments that are
made by the gentleman whose letter has been
read, which I will excuse, for he cannot be
supposed to understand the rules that govern
us here in relation to these matters, and prob-
ably takes his father's impression or his own.
I excuse him for expressing those opinions;
but they will not affect in any degree a gentle-
man of the unblemished honor and high stand-
ing of Mr. Morrill, my colleague upon this
floor. At any rate, if they affect his_ they
affect mine also, and I have no disposition to
