I860.
THE COXuiiESSKMAL GLOBE.
3561
tvastint? civil war have made. Whosesoever may have
been the folly to pull down, let ours be the magna-
nimity and the effort to build up.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President  
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless the Senator wants
to go on with this bill to-day, I wish to move
an executive session.
Mr. CLARK. I was about to say that I did
not propose to carry this bill to its passage to-
day. My object in calling it up and having it
read and having the report read was to call the
attention of Senators to it. It is a very im-
portant measure, and it will need undoubtedly
the action of the Senate. I intend to call the
attention of the Senate to it again at a very
early day. I will now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. «
Mr. COYNESS. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment to enable
me to get some, House amendments to a Senate
bill concurred in.
^ Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that,
if it will not displace this bill.
Mr. COXNESS. Not at all.
FOLSOM AND PLACERYILLE RAILROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up for con-
sideration the amendments of the House of
Itepiesentatives to the bill (S. No. 125) grant-
ing aid in the construction of a railroad and
teiegrapli line from tho town of Eolsom to the
town of Placerville, in Jie State of California.
The motion was agreed to. The amend-
ments of the House of Representatives were
read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the first
and the second section of the bill and in lieu
thereof insert, "that the risrht of way through the
puViir lands he, and the is hereby, granted to
{ho P'aeerville and Sacramento "Wdley lladroad
Company, a corporation existing under the laws of
the State oi California, and designated by the Lc-
gi-laturc thereof to con-truet the road hereinafter
named, and to it-< successors and assigns for the con-
Mnu turn of a raihoad and telegraph line from the
town oi' Foltom to the town ot Placerville, in said
State, and s he right is hereby given to said corpora-
tion to take fiom thepublie hinds adjacent to the line
ot sud road material lot* the construction thereot.
{•Mid ughfc of way h-. granted to said railroad to the
extent ot <>ne hundred feet in width on each side of
said mad where it may pass over the public lands;
a No. all necessary ground for station buildings, work-
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks,
turn-tables, and water stations."
In section three strike out all after the word " ofli-
ceis," whore it occurs the second time in line thir-
teen, to and including the word "sections," in line
tv, enty-one.
In section four, line two, strike out "twenty" and
insert "ton."
In Mellon four, lino twelve, after the word "arc,*'
strike out to and including the word " are," in line
thui"cen._
In section four, line thirteen, strike out, af^er the
word " act" to and including the word" completed,"
m lm° fifteen.
Add to section four, "Provided, Thnt said commis-
sioners named in this section shall be paid by the
c-o'iipany ten dollars per day for the time actually
employed, and ten cents pei mile lor the distance
ac'uully and necessarily traveled each way."
In section five, line three, strike out " draws " and
in^u't "drains."
In *c.-uon live,line thirteen, strike out "like trans-
portation and."
Add to section five, "that the said railroad shall
be and remain a public highway for the u'e of the
Government of the United States, free of all toll or
other charge upon the transportation of any property
or troops of the United States, and the same shall be
tiansported over said road at the cost, charges, and
expenses of the corporation or eompnny owning or
operating the same when required by the United
States to do so."
Add to section six, "and the sections and parts
of sections which by the aforesaid grant shall remain
in the United States within ten miles on each side
of said road shall not be sold for less than double the
inurmum prion of public lands when sold."
In section seven, lino six, strike out "two" and
insert "one."
At the end of section seven strike out "seventy" j
and insert "sixty-nine."
In section eight, line seven, strike out all after the
word " case" to the end of the section and insert in
lieu thereof "the title to the public lands herein
reserved for the construction of said road shall revert
to the I mtcd States."
In section ten, line six, strike out "two" and insert
"one."
Jn section twelve, line five, strike out "two" and
insert "one."
In section thirteen, line one, after that," strike
out and including the word "purposes," in line
six.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the amend-
ments bo coneurr-ed in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T inquire whether those
amendments have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
not been. The bill is returned from the House
of Representatives with these amendments.
This is the first time the Senate has been called
to act on them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator
whether the chairman of the committee has
examined them.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe not. But as the
amendments are all restrictive of the Senate
bill and reducing the grant made, I supposed
there would be no objection to a concurrence
in them. The amendments are all restrictive
on the bill as it passed the 'Senate. I have
examined them closely.
Mr. HBNDIUCKS. I cannot tell much about
it from the mere reading of the amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to : and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 3, 18GG.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ACCOUNTS OF HOUSE EMPLOYES.
Mr. KERR, from the Commiltee of Ac-
counts, submitted the following resolution : i
That it is o.dorcd by this House that
hereafter it ;i i ho the duty of eveiy otiieer or em-
ploye ot the same, before ;ir- - "u'lii-i for payment or
approval to tho Committee of Accounts, any account
or claim for service or labor or material, to cause the
same to be duly certified to be correct by the proper
ofiiccr, and to procure an affidavit, to bo attached
thereto, signed and bworu to fiy the officer under
whose immediate supervision such account or claim
accrtied, setting forth that the same is just and cor-
rcct. and that the amount thereot is the trnc amount,
required bylaw or the order of this House, or that it
is the amount due upon contract and is the usual
price for such service, labor, or thiiif4. and that no
officer or person except the ono named therein, has
any interest, directly or indirectly, in such account or
claim.
Mr. KERR. I demand the previous question
on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which tho resolution was adopted: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VnTlIDRAVTAL OF PAPM'.S.
On motion of Mr. COFFROTII, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for tho with-
drawal from tho files of the House of the
papers in the case of John McGorish, asking
for a pension, reported adversely from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and also tho
letter of the Secretary of tho Interior and of
tho Commissioner of Pensions on the same
case.
UNION rACIFIO RAILltOAD, EASTERN DIVISION.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A bill explanatory
of an act to amend an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph lino from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government tho use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes,' ap-
proved July 1, 18(52," approved July 2, 1SG1,
was sot down as a special order for to-day. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
who is interested in it, informs me that he is
quite unwell, and as the bill is not yet returned
from the printer. I move that it be postponed
until Thursday next, after the morning hour, i
The motion was agreed to. i
EKEEDMEN'S BUREAU BILL.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to make a report from the committee
of conference on tho disagreeing votes of tho
two Houses on the Freedmen's Bureau bill.
The report was read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on bill of tho House of Rep-
resentatives No. 613, entitled " An act to continue in
force and to amend an act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for other
purposes," having met, after full and free conference
ha\a agreed and do agree to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That tho House agree to thefirst and second amend-
ment as made by tho Senate.
That the House agree to the third amendment
made bytho Senate, with the following amendments:
Strike out the word," having," on page 2, line five,
of said amendment, and insert the word "has."
Strike out on pages 4 and 5, in section eleven of
the amendment, tho words " upon completion of tho
transfers of the said lands in the manner specified
in tho pieceding section, the President of the United
StMes shall have power to return to their former
owners the lands now occupied by persons under
General Sherman's special field order datedat Savan-
nah, Georgia, January 16,1S65, exceptingsuclx lands
as may have been sold bythcUnited States for taxes,
but fcucli." and insert alter the word " restoration,"
on page 5, line six, of the amendment, the v-oida
" of lands occupied by freedmen under General Sher-
man's iield order dated at Savannah, Georgia, Jan-
uaiy 10,1805."
Insert on page ^ of the amendment, in lino nine,
after the word "them," tho words "bv the former
owners of such lands or their legal representatives."
Stuke out on page 5 of tho amendment, in section
twelve, line four, the words " owned by or claimed as
the property of the." and insert tho words "held un-
der color ot title by tho late."
Strike out on page 5 of the amendment, section
twelve, in lines nine and ten, the words "bo with-
drawn States which" and insert the worth "ceasa
to exist, such of said so-called conledcrate States as
shall."
That the House agree to the fourth amendment as
made by the Senate.
That the Senate agree to the above-named amend-
ments to the third amendment as made by them.
HENRY WILSON,
HtA HARRIS,
J. V. XE,SMITH,
Managers on tjtepart ot the Senate.
THOMAS I). ELrOT,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand tho previous ques-
tion on agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. HALE. I would iuquire if the amend-
ments of the Senate have been printed.
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; long ago. Every-
thing has been printed except the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman will
explain the report.
Mr. ELIOT. I am asked by tho gentleman
from New York to explain the amendments of
the Senate, and I will do so.
Mr. Speaker, the first amendment which the
Senate made to the bill as it was passed by the
House was simply an enlargement of one of
the sections of the House bill, which provided
that the volunteer medical officers engaged in
the medical department of the bureau might be
continued, inasmuch as it was expected that
the medical fotce of the regular Army would
be speedily reduced to the minimum, and in
that case all the regular oUicers would be
wanted in the service. It was therefore thought
right that there should be some force eonnected-
with the Bureau of Refugees and Freedmen.
The Senate enlarged the provisions of the
House bill by providing that officers of the vol-
unteer service now on duty might be continued
as assistant commissioners and other officers,
and that the Secretary of War might fill vacan-
cies until other officers could bo detailed trom
the regular Army. That is the substance of the
first material amendment.
The next amendment strikes out a portion
of one of the sections of the House bill, which
related to the officers who serve as medical
officers of the bureau, because it was provided
for in tho amendment to which I have just
referred.
Tho next amendment strikes out from the
House bill the section which set apart, reserved
from sale, a million acres of land in the Gull'
Suites. U may perhaps be recollected that
when the bill was reported from the commit-
tee, I stated that in case the bill which the
