1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Eulogy—Mr. Creswell.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
languages can furnish, with an immense amount
of other intellectual pabulum, were eagerly
gathered, consumed with voracious appetite,
and thoroughly digested. Supplied at last with
the required means he braced himself for a
systematic curriculum of law, and pursued it
with marked constancy and success. While at
the university he also took up the German and
French languages and mastered them, and he
perfected his scholarship in Latin and Greek.
Until his death he read all these languages with
freat facility and accuracy, and he always kept
is Greek Testament lying on his table for easy
reference.
After a thorough course at the university Mr.
Davis entered upon the practice of the law in
Alexandria, Virginia. He began his profession
without much to cheer him; but he was not the
man to abandon a pursuit for lack of courage.
His ability and industry attracted attention, and
before long he had acquired a respectable prac-
tice, which thenceforth protected him from all
annoyances of a pecuniary nature. He toiled
with unwearied assiduity, never appearing in
the trial of a cause without the most elaborate
and exhaustive preparation, and soon became
known to his professional brethren as a valua-
ble ally and a formidable foe. His natural
aptitude for public affairs made itself manifest
in due time, and some articles which he pre-
pared on municipal and State politics gave him
great reputation. He also published a series of
newspaper essays, wherein he dared to ques-
tion the divinity of slavery ; and these, though
at the time thought to be not beyond the limits
of free discussion, were cited againsthim long
after as evidence that he was a heretic in pro-
slavery Virginia and Maryland.
On the 30th of October, 1845, he married
Miss Constance T. Gardiner, daughter of Wil-
liam C. Gardiner, Esq., a most accomplished
and charming young lady, as beautiful and as
fragile as a flower. She lived to gladden his
heart for but a few years, and then—
" Like a lily drooping.
She bowed her head and died."
In 1850 he came to Baltimore, and immedi-
ately a high position, professional, social, and
political, was awarded him. His forensic ef-
forts at once commanded attention and enforced
respect. The young men of most ability and
promise gathered about him, and made him the
center of their chosen circle. He became a
prominent member of the Whig party, and was
everywhere known as the brilliant orator and
successful controvertist of the Scott campaign
of 1852. The Whig party, worn out by its many
gallant but unsuccessful battles, was ultimately
gathered to its fathers, and Mr. Davis led off
m the American movement. He was elected
successively to the Thirty-Fourth, Thirty-Fifth,
and Thirty-Sixth Congresses by the American
party from the fourth district of Maryland.
He supported with groat ability and zeal Mr.
Fillmore for the Presidency in 1856, and in
1860 accepted John Bell as the candidate of
his party, though he clearly divined and plainly
announced that the great battle was really be-
tween Abraham Lincoln, as the representative
of the national sentiment on the one hand, and
secession and disunion in all their shades and
phases on the other. To his seat in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress he was elected by the Uncon-
ditional Union party.
Since the adjournment of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress he had been profoundly concerned in
the momentous public questions now pressing
for adjustment, and he did not fail on several
fitting occasions to give his views at length to
the public. Nevertheless, he frequently alluded
to his earnest desire to retreat for awhile from
the perplexing annoyances of public life. He
had determined upon a long visit to Europe in
the coming spring, and had almost concluded
the purchase of a delightful country seat, where
he hoped to recruit his weary brain for years
to come from the exhaustless riches of nature.
When the Thirty-Ninth Congress met, and he
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 11.
read of his old companions in the work of
legislation again gathering in their Halls and
committee-rooms, I think, for at least a day or
two, he felt a longing to be among them. Dur-
ing the second week of the session he again
entered this Hall, but only as a'spectator. The
greeting he received, so general, spontaneous,
and cordial, from gentlemen on both sides of
the House, touched his heart most sensibly.
The crowd that gathered about him was so great
that the party was obliged to retire to one of the
larger ante-rooms for fear of interrupting the
public business. A delightful interview among
old friends was the reward. He was charmed
with his reception, and mentioned it to me with
intense satisfaction. Little did you, gentlemen,
then think that between you and a beloved friend
the curtain that shrouds eternity was so soon to
be interposed. His sickness was of about a
week's duration. Until the morning of the day
preceding his death, his friends never doubted
his recovery. Later in the day very unfavorable
symptoms appeared, and all then realized his
danger. In the evening his wife spoke to him
of a visit, for one day, which he had projected
to his old friend, Mrs. S. F. Du Pont, when he
replied in the last words he ever uttered, "It
shows the folly ofmaking plans even foraday."
He continued to fail rapidly in strength until
two o'clock on the afternoon of Saturday, the
30th of December, when Henry Winter Davis,
in the forty-ninth year of his age, appeared be-
fore his God. His death confirmed the opinion
of Sir Thomas Browne, who declared, Mar-
shaling all the horrors of death and contem-
plating the extremities thereof, I find not any-
thing therein able to daunt the courage of a
man, much less a weU-reSolved Christian.'' He
passed away so quietly that no one knew the
moment of his departure. His was—
"A death, like sleep:
A gentle wafting: to immortal life."
Mr. Davis left a widow, Mrs. Nancy Davis,
a daughter of John B. Morris, Esq., of Balti-
more, and two little girls, who were the idols
of his heart. He was married a second time
on the 26th of January, 1857. His nearest sur-
viving collateral relation is Hon. David Davis,
Associate Justice of the Supreme Conrt, of the
United States, who is his only cousin—german.
To all these afflicted hearts may God be most
gracious.
Thus has the country lost one of the most
able, eloquent, and fearless of its defenders.
Called from this life at an age when most men
are just beginning to command the respect and
confidence of their fellows, he has left, never-
theless, a fame as wide as our vast country.
He died nineteen years younger than Washing-
ton and eight years younger than Lincoln. At
forty-eight years of age Washington had not
seen the glories of Yorktown even in a vision,
nor had Lincoln dreamed of the presidential
chair; and if they had died at that age they
would have been comparatively unknown in
history. Doubtless God would have raised up
other leaders, if they had been wanting, to con-
duct the great American column, which He has
chosen to be the body-guard of human rights
and hopes, onward among the nations and the
centuries; but in that event the 12th and 22d
days of February would not be, as they now
are, held saercd in our calendar.
Mr. Davis had gathered into his house the
literary treasures of four languages, and had
reveled in spirit with the wise men of the ages.
He had conned his books asjealouslyas a miner
peering for gold, and had not left a panful of
earth unwashed. He had collected the purest
ore of truth and the richest gems of thought,
until he was able to crown himself with knowl-
edge. Blessed with a felicitous power of an-
alysis and a prodigious memory, he ransacked
history, ancient and modern, sacred and pro-
fane ; science, pure, empirical, and metaphys-
ical; the arts, mechanical and liberal; the pro-
fessions, law, divinity, and medicine; poetry
and the miscellanies of literature; and in all
these great departments of human lore he moved
as easily as most men do in their particular
province. His habit was not only to read but
to reread the best of his books frequently, and
hewas continually supplying himself with better
editions of his favorites. In current, playful
conversation with friends he quoted right and
left, in brief and at length, from the classics,
ancient and modern, and from the drama, tragic
and comic. In his speeches, on the contrary,
he quoted but little; and only when he seemed
to run upon a thought already expressed by
some one else with singular force and apposite-
ness. He was the best scholar I ever met for
his years and active life, and was surpassed
by very few, excepting mere book-worms. He
has for many years been engaged in collecting
extracts from newspapers, containing the lead-
ing facts and public documents of the day; but
he never common-placed from books. His
thesaurus was his head.
I have but little personal knowledge of Mr.
Davis as a lawyer. It was never my good for-
tune to be associated with him in the trial of a
cause; nor have I ever been present when he
was so engaged. But at the time of his death
he filled a high position at the bar, and was
chosen to lead against the most distinguished
of his brethren. On public and constitutional
questions, as distinguished from those involving
only private rights, he was a host, and in the
argument of the cases which grew out of the
adoption of the new constitution of Maryland
he won golden laurels, and drew extraordinary
encomiums even from his opponents in that
angry litigation. He was thoroughly read in
the decisions of the Federal courts, and espe-
cially in those declaring and defining constitu-
tional principles.
Possessed of a mind of remarkable power,
scope, and activity; with an immense fund of
precious information, ready to respond to any
call he might make upon it, however sudden;
wielding a system of logic formed in the sever-
est school, and tried by long practice ; gifted
with a rare command of language and an elo-
quence well nigh superhuman; and withal
graced with manners the most accomplished
and refined, and a person unusually handsome,
graceful, and attractive, Mr. Davis entered
public life with almost unparalleled personal
advantages. Haying boldly presented himself
before the most rigorous tribunal in the world,
he proved himself worthy of its favor and at-
tention. He soon rose to the front rank of
debaters, and whenever he addressed the House
all sides gave him a delighted audience.
I shall not attempt a review of the topics
discussed in the Thirty-Fourth and Thirty-Fifth
Congresses. The day was fast coming when
contests for the Speakership and battles over
appropriation bills, ay. even the fierce strug-
gle over Kansas, would sink into insignificance,
and Mr. Davis, with that political prescience
for which he was always remarkable, .seemed
to discern the first sign of the coming storm.
The winds had been long sown, and now the
whirlwind was to be reaped. The Thirty-Sixth
Congress, which had opened so inauspiciously,
and which his vote had saved from becoming a
perpetuated bedlam, met for its second session
on the 3d of December, 1860, with the clouds
of civil war fast settling down upon the nation.
Tn the hope that war might yet be averted, on
the fourth day of the session, the celebrated
committee of thirty-three was raised, with the
lamented Corwin, of Ohio, as chairman,.and Mr.
Davis as the member from Maryland. When
the committee reported, Mr. Davis sustained
the majority report in an able speech, in which,
after urging every argument in favor of the
report, he boldly proclaimed his own views,
and the duties of his State and country. In
his speech of 7th February, 1861, he said:
" I do not wish to say one word which will exas-
perate the already too much inflamed state of the
public mind: but I will say that the Constitution of
the United States, and the laws made in pursuance
thereof, musf he enfowd ,• and they who stand across
