1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
shun in any degree the responsibility that I
take on the subject.
Mi'. SUMNER. If I had not been directly
alluded to by the Senator from New Jersey I
should not say a word again; but 1 desire to
join with the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
slxdex ] in taking my full share of the responsi-
bility of the counsel that I gave to Mr. Mor-
rill. I do not shrink from it at all, and I
take my share of that responsibility with cer-
tainly a greater knowledge of the rules of this
body than the Senator from Xew Jersey can
now have. When I first came to the Senate
pairs were of very rare occurrence, very rare
indeed. The habit has grown up of late years.
The rules which regulate them are still uncer-
tain, unsettled ; ihey are left to the mutual
understanding of the parties rather than to any
general considerations. Of course there must
be always the essential element of good faith.
No one can doubt that. But I take it no Sen-
ator with any experience in this body supposes
that a pair, as it is called, can be, like a cov-
enant, running with the whole session. W c
hear of covenants running with the land;
but a pair running with the whole session I
have never heard of until it seemed to be sug-
gested by the Senatoi from Xew Jersey. I
think Mr. Morrill—I call him by his name as
he is not present—acted fairly and honorably
with Mr. Wright, kindly, too, and gently, as
became the mild and gentle nature which we
all know Mr. Mokmi.i. has. By pairing with
him, as he did. he allowed Mr. Wright for a
long time to absent himself from his duties in
this Chamber; and then, when at last the im-
portant question seemed to lie hurrying to a
close, and Mr. Morrill thought that he ought,
to vote, ho was anxious; the Senator from
Kew Jersey bears testimony himself to the
anxiety that he displayed. There are many of
vis here who can bear testimony to it. The
Senator from Maine near me [Mr. FessexdexJ
has already done it. I must do it. More than
once lie spoke to me on the subject, and con-
fessed his unaffected solicitude. I advised liiui
that after giving a reasonable notice to Mr.
"Wright lie might then consider the pair as at
an end and vote. The question then was what,
under the circumstances, was a reasonable
notice. As has already been remarked. Mr.
Wright was eight hours from Washington.
He might have come through had he been able
to come, the very night on which he received
the telegraphic dispatch ; be could have been
here eaily the next morning, and could have
been here late the next morning, at eleven
o'clock; I believe there is a second arrival
at, that time. Mr. Morrill, full of that deli-
cacy which belongs to him. forbore on that day
to vgie. giving the absent gent Ionian an oppor-
tunity of arriving. Again, he bad not one
opportunity, but two or three, for there wore
as many arrivals from his home, and he did
not appear, aud then Mr. Morrill properly
considered his pair at ati end, and proceeded
to exorciso his privilege as a Senator.
I think the Senator from Xew Jersey has
been hasty in his judgment of the act. I thank
him for his courtesy to Mr. Morrill person-
ally, and for his appreciation of his character.
He would have been more unjust than he has
been if he had not rendered that homage ; but
I think had the Senator been more familiar
with the question, he would not even have un-
dertaken to characterize the act as he has.
Mr. STOCKTOX. There is one fact about
which I presume I know as much as these gen-
tlemen at least, and that is in regard to how the
railroad lines run between here and Newark,
ill lny own State. From the time my colleague
received the telegram which allowed him a
reasonable time to get here until the vote was
actually taken, there were not more than twelve
or fourteen hours of daylight. There was a
part of one day, and until the vote was reached
the next day. The object of the pair, as the
Senator from Maine himself states, was the
kindness of Mr. Morrill to let a sick man go
homo. What is a reasonable time to a man so
situated? A person lying on his bed sick is
telegraphed to, and he is expected to take the
owl line, the midnight line, as it passes his
house, and then whether he gets here in -time
or not may depend very much on the accidents
of railroad traveling. I say that the mistakfe
these gentlemen make is that they did not give
Mr. Wright time, although I agree with them
entirely in reference to the Senator from Maine,
and I have felt bound so to state; because I
have seen that ho has been spoken of in the
papers as if he intended to do wrong. I say
that he did not intend to do wrong, but he suf-
fered like a great many other people, from hav-
ing very bad advisers.
Mr. CLARK. I know a little more about
this transaction than has been expressed in the
! Senate. This pair was made some live or six
weeks ago with Mr. Wright, of Xew Jersey,
who then desired to return home. I think the
Senator from Xew Jersey, sitting here, will
bear me witness that he is satisfied that Mr.
Morrill did not understand it to go on for any
length of time ; certainly not for such an in-
definite length of time, because on Saturday,
when Mr. Morrill was sitting by me in my
scat, the Senator from Xew Jersey, now pres-
ent, came to him and inquired if he had not
paired with his colleague, Mr. Wright. The
Senator from Xew Jersey will, I am sure, re-
member the astonishment with which Mr. Mor-
rill looked up and inquired if that was so,
and then said that he did not know but that he
had done it. That took place on Saturday.
Mr. STOCKTOX. That is the occasion to
which his letter refers when he appeared un-
deceived.
Mr. POMEROY. What Saturday was that ?
Mr. CLARK. A week ag'o last Saturday.
That was the time when the Senator from Xew
J ersey here himself called the attention of Mr.
Morrill to that pair which had run on so long
that Mr. Morrill had entirely forgotten that lie
was paired with Mr. Wright, or that anybody
so understood it.
Mr. STOCKTOX. At the time that conver-
sation occurred notice had been sriven.ifl am
not mistaken, that the case would be called up
on the following Monday. On Saturday, at the
suggestion of a Senator on this door, who said
that there might be some doubt about it, I
came up to the Senate Chamber and spoke to
Mr. Mourili. in his seat. The Senate was not
in session, but he was here in his seat.
Mr. CLARK. That is entirely true. The
matter was expected to come np on Monday
and Mr. Morrill made no objection at that
time further than to say that he did not know
but that Mr. WnirniT might not so understand
it. It so happened that the case did not come
up on Monday on account of my illness. I was
confined to my room and I sent, a messenger to
request the Senator from Illinois not to call it
up because i could not be in the Senate.
Mr. JOIIXSOX. You asked him in the
Judiciary Committee-room not to call it up.
Mr. CLARK. That was afterward.
Sir. JOIIXSOX. And I united in the ap-
plication.
Mr. CLARK. There was abundance of in-
dulgence toward me. The case was not called
up on Monday. Afterwaid, on Wednesday,
the Senator from Maine, knowing that I had
heard what had been said by the Senator from
Xew Jersey, came to me and said that the pair
ought not to run on ; that he was embarrassed
by it; that he felt uncertain about it. and finally
be said, "1 am going to give the Senator from
Xew Jersey, Mr. Stockton, notice that it can-
not go on any further, because T did not so
understand it." Ho sal down at my table and
wrote a note. When be had written it he read
it to me. Some objection was made to it; it was
not satisfactory, and lie then wrote a second note
and sen) it bV special messenger so that it should
get, into the hands of Mr. Stockton or lie left at
his house that very night. So earnest was he
that ample notice should be given that lie sent
that note by a special messenger. The Sena-
tor himself now says that when he proposed on
Thursday to write to his colleague, so anxious
was Mr. Morrill that his colleague should
have the notice, that he said, " No, that will not
do ; you must telegraph him, because he must
have the notice." There was not much " arti-
fice" in that. It was the act of an honest
man to shield himself from what he did not
understand would be claimed in the first in-
stance, that that pair was to run on in that way
interminably.
hi regard to the other matter, I wish to say
that in my judgment the proper way to give the
notice was to give it to the sitting member here,
because Mr. Morrill could not be expected to
travel to Xew J ersey. to follow the Senator from
XTew Jersey who had gone^iome and was then
at his own home. The proper way, in my judg-
ment, was to give the notice to the man who
was interested that he might see that bis col-
league was here. It seems to me it shields the
Senator from Maine from all blame. All the
Senators about me said. " Vote, Mr. Morrill ;
it is your duty to vote." Under that consid-
eration, and with that notice to the member
from New Jersey, waiting the first day and
refusing to vote, not being called upon to vote
and saying he would not, if the vote was taken
that day, lie gave two days' notice that his pair
must terminate.
Mr. JOIIXSOX. It was only one day's
notice in fi'ct.
Mr. CLA RK. It was intended to be two
days, and he took every precaution that it
should be. When the Senator from Xew Jcr-
■ sey said that lie would write by the tardy mail,
j Mr. Morrill said, '*No, that will not do; send
i by telegraph." And yet now he fs accused of
using "artifice."
! The Senator from New Jersey does him the
honor to state that he does not suppose that
i Mr. Morrill intended to do anything wrong.
] I am happy he does say so.
Mr. STOCKTOX. Allow me to correct the
Senator. • There is a misunderstanding on the
part of these gentlemen. 1 used the word '! arti-
fice'' in the course of my remarks, but I ex-
pressly said that I accused the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] of nothing that he did
not think right, that I took pride in saying so.
I do not think it is fair to impute the word
•'artifice" to hint. It was perhaps not the most
' pioper word to use on the occasion ; I meant
! simply to pronounce that the act, under the
circumstanecs connected with it, was such, and
so entirely wrong in my judgment, that it justi-
fied mo in giving mv vote at that time and over-
come ng any question of d elicacy. But at the same
,time I wish to bear testimony, because I think
it is right, to the fact that Senator Morrill
himself was very uneasy, and very doubtful,
■ and very anxious to do right, and it was the
' pressure" of his party friends that forced him to
give that vote.
! T Mr. CLARK. I have not a word to say fur-
i ther upon the epithet applied to the Senator
; from Maine, or to the act of his. because the
Senator from Xew Jersey, as I now understand
1 him. says it was not a proper term to use, and
of course he would desire to withdraw it. But
: now the charge is that he acted not under
; duress* but under the advice of this "new
' school of manners," as Major bright says. I
think that is the term he uses. 1 am ready to
i take mv share of that advice, and if he means
J to characteiizo this portion of the Senate as the
! "new school of manners," I belong to the new
! school of manners. It may not be very aceept-
' able to the other side, but I say here that I think
! the Senator from Maine was entirely right in
casting bis vote, and if the Senator from New
j Jersey feels the load that he has taken upon
his shoulders, lie should not shift it upon the
Senator from Maine. *
t Mr. HENDRICKS 
i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
! permission of the Senator from Indiana, as a
' note from the Senator from Maine was sent to
the desk and its reading asked for, and it could
i not be read by the Clerk, the Chair will now,
i with the permission of the Senate, read it:
■ My Dear Sir : I was not quite deddub when you
i spoke to me a day or two since, aKat arrangement
: to pair with your colleaguo. The question was not
to'
