1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
the same result,. I ask any candid and intelli-
fent lawyer or historian of either of the States
have named, was it ever contended in any
court by any lawyer that any other consequence
had ensued on the abolition of slavery by a pri-
vate deed of emancipation or by an act of the
Legislature or the convention of a State abol-
ishing slavery generally in the State than the
simple abrogation of slavery, that is, the legal
subjection of the negro to the owner? What
rights, civil or political, did a negro ever ac-
quire heretofore under or by either mode of
emancipation?
The honorable, Senator from Maryland not
only concedes that these civil rights may all be
granted, but as I understood him last evening,
lie conceded that Congress could confer on the
free negro a right to vote. The amendment of
the Constitution makes the negro free. Ac-
cording to his principle and his theory, but not
according to mine, it makes the negro a citizen.
I say it does no such thing. It simply abolishes
the legal servitude of one man to another; it
severs all connection between the slave and the
master. Where the act is general, applying to
all the slaves in the United States, it has that
effect and only that effect as between all owners
and all recent slaves. It simply destroys the
legal subjection of the slave to the master. That
was its sole object. It never was contended for
until these times of fanaticism and of unrea-
soning philanthropy for the negro, that it ever
had any other result heretofore.
Suppose a negro liberated by deed of manu-
mission in Kentucky, having got it under the
seal of the county, executed according to the
forms of the law and enrolled in parchment that
he might carry his charter of freedom with him,
and with that charter of freedom ten or fifteen
years ago he had gone up to a poll where an
election was going on in the State of Kentucky,
and had claimed a right to vote because the
deed of manumission had made him a citizen
and invested him with a part of the political
sovereignty of the State and of the United
States. Such a claim never was thought of
and never was made ; and it is just as baseless
to attempt to make it apply to civil rights or
to political rights or the right to vote under this
amendment of the Constitution, as it would be
underthatdeed of manumission. In New York,
in Massachusetts, in any other State of the Union
where slavery has been abolished by the au-
thority of the State, was any such claim ever
made? Was it ever allowed? Did your Par-
sons and your other great lights of the law in
Massachusetts ever rule that by the abolition
of slavery by her constitution of 1776. or by
the bill of rights, one of the consequences and
legal effects of that bill of rights or of that con-
stitution 111 addition to manumitting the slave,
was to make the slave a citizen and to confer
upon him all civil and political rights? The
thing never was thought of. These are errors
that have sprung up in the hot-bed of fanaticism
and fierce political contention. They are not
sound principles of law ; they will abide no tests
of logic or of law that can be brought to bear
upon them.
A few days ago I begged, almost implored,
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary to insert a few words in his Freed-
men's Bureau bill, which is in fact a part of
this. Indeed they might both have been incor-
porated into the same bill. I importuned him.
almost implored him to allow the insertion of
a clause providing that that bill should have no
application in any State where the courts were
open, and where the civil law* could be enforced
by the courts. 1 assured him that that was the
condition of Kentucky as much so as it was
the condition of Illinois. I thought I appealed
to him in terms that might almost have brought
iron tears down his cheek, but he remained
firm and fierce and obdurate. Here is my
State that has given half of her while military
population to the Army; and about three fourths
of her negro population have been stolen and
taken into the Army, making, out of about one
hundred and eighty thousand military popula-
39tii Cong. .1st Sess.— No. 37.
tion, something like one hundred thousand sol-
diers, white and black. My State has stood by
the Constitution. I havestoodbyitthroughsun-
shine and storm, through good and through evil
report. On the one hand, my life has been
imperiled by the secessionists and their sympa-
thizers, and on the other it has been imperiled
by the lawless military tyrants that have ap-
peared in my State and trampled under foot its
constitution and laws and the liberties of its
people. But I defy them all. I am still true
to the Constitution, and I intend to be; and all
its enemies, whether they are from Jefferson
Davis's host, or whether they are from the civil
and military officers of the United Btates, are
equally my foes; and I will strike them with
all the feeble force that I can, let the foe to the
Constitution and liberties of my countrymen
come from the one camp or the other. I will
do so while there is a pulsation in my heart,
and while a muscle can move in this feeble
arm.
But I could not induce the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois to give any immunity what-
ever to my State; he got up and in his magis-
terial way he proclaimed the condition of the
rebel States (which did not apply to Kentucky)
and asked—that was the substance of his inter-
rogatory—are you not in favor of a measure
that is so necessary to preserve the order and
peace and security and liberties of the people
in the rebel States ? Let me give you a picture
of the condition of things in one of those States.
I have before me an address issued by Messrs.
Byers, Kyle,and Johnson,Representatives-elect
from the State of Arkansas. What do they say
in relation to that State, and her claim to be
represented in the two Houses of Congress,
and in relation to the condition of the courts,
and the ability of the courts there to enforce
the civil laws? These gentlemen say:
" January, 1864, the loyal citizens of the State of Ar-
kansas elected delegates, hold a convention, formed
a constitution, and established a provisional State
government, until the proper officers under the con-
stitution could be elected and qual&icd. Tlti- consti-
tution, _tirst, abolished slavery ; second, declared void
the ordinanceof secession; third, repudiated the rebel
war debt; tourth, provided tor the election of officers
and for the ratiiicatiun or rejection of the constitu-
tion by a vote of the citizens."
Was that not submission enough? In the
name of reason and of justice, what more can
be asked from a people?
"The State Legislature assembled and passed alaw
which provided that no person shall vote at any elec-
tion until he has lirsl taken and subscribed an oath
that he will support the Constitution ot Ihe United
States and the constitution of the State of Arkansas,
and that he has not voluntarily borne arms against
the United States or the State of Arkansas, or aidi-d,
directly 01 indii ectly, the rehell ,on ,-ince the 18th day
of April. 1x01. The. Legislature also ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution ot the United States abol-
ishing slavery.
" Every county in the State has been regularly or-
ganized by the election of county and local officers.
The Courts have been held, and taxes assessed and col-
lected.*
"The United States district court for the State has
been held, and the laws administered therein, for more
than one year past."
That is the condition of Arkansas : and yet
the honorable Senator from Illinois inexorably
insists that the Frcedman's Bureau shall not
only go into ruthless operation in the State of
Kentucky but also in the State of Arkansas. 1
have said here on this floor that gentlemen do
not wish reconstruction. They do not intend
that Arkansas and the other States lately in
rebellion shall be represented in the two Houses
of Congress. Why? They have certain favor-
ite party measures, violating the Constitution,
violating all justice and the soundest policy,
which they arc determined to pass—measures
of legislation, amendments of the Constitution.
They know that if these States are once admit-
ted to representation in the two Houses, if the
Union is restored, if it is not kept dissolved
by their own arbitrary majority, if the States
become reunited in the Union and under the
Government, the Representatives and Senators
from the late rebel States would defeat all their
enormous party measures and all their amend-
ments to the Oonsiitr,lion, that have no other
purpose whatever than to enable them to hold
on to power per fas aut nefas, without regard
to consequences.
I objected the other day that the bill to- en-
large the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, and
this bill, and the various'amendments to the
Constitution, should not now be passed; and I
said that no legislative measure -which vitally
and deeply affects the southern States should
be passed until those States were admitted by
their Senators and Representatives to their just
influence and power in the Government,. I have
stated heretofore, and Ibelieveit, that all those
States have a truer loyalty now, and a deeper
and more faithful devotion to the Constitution
and to all of its principles, to our form of gov-!
ernment, to the just authority of the Govern-
ment and all of its officers, than have the mass
of the radical party. I may be mistaken in
expressing that belief, but it is my deep con-
viction. When I stated this objection the other
day the honorable Senator from Illinois an-
swered me thus:
" What is the Senator from Kentucky here for?
Why does ho not go home? Why is he sitting here
but to pass laws? Is it unconstitutional to pass this-
bill because some States are not represented hero?
Why. sir, what sort of a Government would it be if
some State, by withdrawing its representation, could
take away the constitutional power of the Congress
ot the United State? to pass a law? The absurdity of
the proposition is such that it needs not to be argued
to be refuted."
That is not my proposition; it is his own
proposition. He builds up a man of straw to
knock him down. I did not say that if one
State or many States chose voluntarily to ab-
sent themselves from the halls of legislation
therefore legislation should cease. Thatis the
case which the honorable Senator is presenting,
but it was not the case which Tpresented, nor is
it the case in fact now existing in the country.
Here are eleven States that have acknowledged
in every form in which it is possible to make
the acknowledgment, their subjection to the
Constitution and the laws, their willingness
and purpose to abide by the Constitution and
laws, and to support tliem. I have read from
the address of the representatives from Arkan-
sas, showing how that State has presented her-
self. In the form substantially in which that
State comes they all ask to be admitted to their
share and position in the Government; they
ask to have their representatives in the Senate
and in the. other House. Why should tliey not
have them? Is there any principle of consti-
tutional law or of sound policy that would still
exclude them? That is the case which I put.
And why are they now in that predicament?
Why are tliey standing out in the cold, unrepre-
sented and paying taxes to this great Govern-
ment, all their most vital and essential interests
being subjected to its legislation, their institu-
tions and their political power in the Govern-
ment being operated upon permanently in their
absence by the passage of constitutional amend-
ments through the two Houses of Congress ?
Wlij'are they in that predicament, shorn of their
constitutional rights and of all their power
under the Government? The honorable Sen-
ator need not shake his gory locks at me, nor
at the southern States: it is not they that keep
themselves iu that position. Jt is he and his
associates here who have dissolved the Union
and who keep it dissolved by shutting the door
of the two Houses of Congress upon the face
of the Representatives both of the States and
of the people of those States. They keep it
shut, and they can laugh and they can rejoice
at the wri things of their victims. They would
feel differently if they occupied their position.
Why do you not admit their members? Can
you expect that eleven States thus lawlessly and
outrageously and tyrannically excluded from all
part in their Government will acquiesce under
measures that are passed by you after you have
thus dissolved the Union by excluding them,
and when your sole purpose in thus excluding
them and dissolving the Union was to impose
upon them unjust and oppressive measures
which you could nut pass if Jiey were here
present ?
Mr. President, I objected to the Freedmeir s
