1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
torial Legislatures shall reorganize under general
laws: Provided, That all corporations or associations
now duly organized in pursuance of law, and engaged
in legitimate business, shall have preccdence 01 any
proposed now association, in reorganizing unaer such
general acts of incorporation as may be passed: And
provided further, That such reorganization shall be
within one year from, the date of the adjournmentof
thefirst Legislative Assembly in oachoi theaforesaid
Territories after the passage of this act. .
Slit). 4. And be it farther enacted, That all special
charters granted by any of the Legislative Assem-
blies of either of the Territories herein named to asso-
ciations which have not been organized are hereby
declared void, and'all persons who may have secured
special grants for ferries, bridges, turnpikes, to l-
roads, or special grants for any purpose, shall be sub-
iect to such general laws as the Legislative Assem-
blies of the Territories aforesaid are authorized and
X'C§Ba 5! *And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts of any of the Legislative Assemblies of
the Territories aforesaid, granting to associations or
to individuals the exclusive right to go upon and
occupy any part of the public domain, or to the ex-
clusive use of the timber or water-powers thereon,
or the right to the exclusive use of water to be taken
from lakes, rivers, or streams be, and the same are
hereby, declared null and void: Provided, That
nothing in this act contained shall be construed in
anywise to invalidate any vested rights of persons
acquired under the existing laws of eithor of said
Territories in any mines, nor to invalidate any cor-
poration or mining company within any of said Ter-
ritories organized under and in pursuance of any
State law or law of Congress.
Seo. 6. And be it further enacted, That no person
now appointed, or who may hereafter be appointed,
by the President to any office in either of the afore-
said Territories shall receive any compensation out
of the Treasury of the United States, or out of any
contingent fund for services or as compensation for
his salary until he shall have entered upon the dis-
charge of his official duties within the Territory; nor
shall any officer thus appointed be paid for the time
he may be absent from tno Territory if absent with-
out authority of the President of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in case of
the death, absence, or inability of any judge of tho
United States superior courts for any Territory, at
the time when tho courts for his judicial district are
appointed by law to be held, a judge of either of the
districts in such Territory, not then occupied, # is
hereby authorized and may hold court in such dis-
trict during the absence or inability of any judge,
and all judgments, decrees, and orders of said court
shall be as binding as if the same were held by tho
judge appointed therefor.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Thjtt the Legis-
lative Assemblies of the Territories aforesaid shall
hereafter havo no power or authority to grant di-
vorces, but divorces may bo granted by the courts of
the United States in each of said Territories for such
cause as may appear to them good and sufficient:
Provided, That both parties'shall reside in the Ter-
ritory where the application for divorce is made:
Andrtrovided further, That public noticeshall begiven
by advertisement in at least two newspapers pub-
lished in said Territory, statingthecourtbefore which
the application will be heard and the causes for which
the divorce is demanded. .
Si«i. 9. And be it further enacted, That within the
Territories aforesaid there shall be no denial of the
elective franchise to citizens of the United States be-
cause of race or color, and all persons shall bo equal
boi'oro the law. And all acts or parts of acts, either of
Congress or of the Legislative Assemblies of tho Ter-
ritories aforesaid, inconsistent with the provisions of
this act, are hereby declared null and void.
Skc. 10. And be it further enacted. That all acts and
pai ts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act be, and the samearo hereby, repealed.
Mv. KASSON. I desire to suggest an amend-
ment to the chairman of tho committee.
The last proviso of tho third section reads
as follows :
And provided further. That suck reorganization
shall bo within one year from theclato of the adjourn-
ment of the first Legislative Assembly in caeh of the
al'o.esaid Tcrritoiics after tho passage of this act.
In order that this may not nullify existing
corporations, (he words " of this act" should
be stricken out, and the words "by such As-
sembly of the act herein required" should be
inserted. We cannot, of course, compel tho
Legislative Assembly to pass those general laws;
and if it should neglect to pass them, this sec-
fion, as now worded, would actually terminate
(ho legal existence of those corporations, not
by their fault, but by the fault ofthe Legislature.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I accept the amend-
ment which the gentleman suggests.
Mr. KASSON. Let me suggest further that
at the end of the fourth section the words " are
authorized and required to pass" should be
stricken out, and the words "shall enact as
required bv this act'' should be substituted.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I accept the amend-
ment which the gentleman suggests.
Mr. LEBLOND. I desire to move an amend-
ment to strike out the ninth seetiou.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. After the bill is
perfected I will yield to the gentleman that lie
may make that motion.- I now yield to the
gentleman from "Washington Territory, [Mr,
Demy.]
Mr. DENNY. I desire to move to amend
the substitute by adding the following as a new
section:
And be it further enacted. That where the secretary
of any Territory has heretofore performed, or here-
after shall bo required to perform, the duties of act-
ing Governor by reason of the absence from the Ter-
ritory of the Governor, or during a vacancy in said
office, said secretary shall be entitled to receive, for
the actual time during which the said duties of Gov-
ernor devolvo upon him bylawand aro actuallyper-
formed by him, a sum sufficient to make his salary
equal to the salary of the Governor,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I accept that. I
will yield to my colleague to move his amend-
ment, and then I will demand the previous
question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to strike out the
ninth section, as follows:
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That within tho
Territories aforesaid there shall be no denial of the
elective franchise to citizens of the United States
because of race orcolor, and allpersons shall be equal
before tho law. And all acts or parte of acts, either
of Congress or the Legislative Assemblies of the Ter-
ritories aforesaid, inconsistent with the provisions of
this act, are hereby declared null and void.
Perhaps the last sentence should be left in,
for it may have reference to other laws.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, there is agen-
eral repealing clause.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I ejnbraee tho whole
section.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WRIGHT. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPALDING-. If that be stricken out I
will vote against the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman ofthe Committee onTcrritories
to the language of the third scction. I think
he will find it is more general than desirable.
It provides as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That tho Legisla-
tive Assemblies of each of tho Territories aforesaid
shall, at their first session after the passage of this act,
prescribe by lawthomannerin which all corporations
heretofore authorized byactsofsaidTerritonalLegis-
latures shall reorganize under general laws: Pro-
vided, That all corporations or associations now duly
organized in pursuance of law, and engagedin legiti-
mate business, shallhavoprecedenceof anyproposed
new association, in reorganizing under such general
aclsofinrorporationasmay bepassed: And provided
further. That such icorganization shallbc within one
year from the date of tho adiournment of the first
Legislative Assembly in each of the aforesaid Territo-
ries after tho passage of this act.
There may bo special corporations for reli-
gious and benevolent purposes. These are not
usually the subject of general laws. I move to
insert after the word "corporation" where ft
first occurs these words, " except for benevo-
lent purposes."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. In my State, lit-
erary, religious, and benevolent corporations
aro organized under general law. But I am
willing to accept the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the bill provide
there shall be 110 more corporations granted
other than those now in existence?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The bill allows
the Legislative Assemblies to pass general laws
like those of Ohio and New York in reference
to corporations.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, the chair-
man of the committee will allow me to say a
word. I never saw this substitute in the com-
mittee-room, and I am quite sure several mem-
bers of the committee have not seen it. A
proposition to change the organic acts of all
tho Territories is a new thing to me. Yet I
have failed but once to attend the meetings of
the committee. I know nothing of the substi-
tute except what I have heard here. I ask,
therefore, that the chairman will not press
through so hurriedly a bill to change tho fun-
damental laws of all tho Territories. _
I do not know what has been stricken out
from the original bill or what remains. There
are objectionable features in tho bill which
ought to be understood before they arc adopted.
We ought not to ask the House thus hastily to
consider them. I say this in no unkindness to
the chairman. It is a matter of duty to tho
House.
Now, sir, I do not know that a single Dele-
gate from the Territories has asked for tjiis. *
We have no memorial from the people for any
such purpose. Yet, sir, we are asked to change-
their organic acts, and to impose laws upon the
Territories which we cannot impose upon the
States. We propose to impose upon the peo-
ple of the Territories what they do not ask for,
so far as I know. Why is this? We are here
to say there shall be no distinction on account
of race or color in reference to the elective
franchise in the Territories. Why not make it
general throughout the United States, in tho
States as well as the Territories? Why confine
it to tho brave men who havo gone out to ex-
plore and open up the wilderness, when they do
not ask for it ? >
Mr. Speaker, it ought to be thoroughly in-
vestigated, and not passed hurriedly as though
it were only for the construction of a bridge
across the Potomac.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Will the gentle-
man yield for an amendment?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio.' I cannot yield for
the gentleman to offer an amendment of the
character he indicates.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I want to offer it
and to give my reason for it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I was somewhat
surprised to hear my colleague say that he was
not present when this bill, No._ 508, was or-
dered to bo reported. The substitute I did not
claim to be authorized to report by the com-
mittee. Most of the members were absent,
and after consultation with some gentlemen, I
offered 011 my own responsibility the substi-
tute, which consists simply in striking out one
section and five linos of another. I found in
my journey over the Territories last year that
a bill of this kind was necessary. The major-
ity of the legislation in the new Territories
consists simply in shingling them over with
special corporations in which, in the main,
tho officers of the Territories are personally
interested.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask whether this special legislation of
which he speaks is in character like the gift,
enterprises we have been carrying out hero?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Some of it is. I
desire to have the same laws applied to those
Territories which we have in some of the old
States, such as New York, Ohio, and Illinois,
where, after experience, a system of incorpora-
tion has been introduced compelling all asso-
ciations to carry on business under a general
law.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman whether he proposes to depart
from the precedents of legislation in reference
to the Territories that have prevailed in the
past.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. You propose
to legislate in reference to their Delegates, their
bridges, their canals, their mills, their corpora-
tions, their schools, their churches, and every-
thing else. You propose to legislate in refer-
ence to their domestic matters. Now, why not
leave them to the control of the laws of the
United States, as administered by the Supreme
Court, and let them manage their own affairs,
subordinate to tho general laws of the land, as
they have done heretofore ? If they burn their
fingers, let them cure them. Why undertake
to apply this new system ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I want this bill to
pass so as to secure the people against com-
binations in their Legislatures, the majority of
whom being transient persons grant special
privileges to tlie few which obstruct tho settle-
ment of the country, hinder its prosperity, and
are of no special interest to any persons ex-
cept those who get the charters. If me.11 v> aiu
to organize for legitimate purposes they can do
so under a general law quite as effectively ana
