518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Bureau bill upon several constitutional grounds.
One was tliat it blended two of the departments
of the Government, and authorized the Presi-
dent to transfer military officers to those quasi
courts, and empowered those quasi courts to
hear- judicial cases and, questions that can go
constitutionally only" before the courts of the
United States created in conformity to the Con-
stitution. 'How did the honorable Senator an-
swer that objection? He said:
"But lie says [alluding to myself] that there is a
clear violation of the Constitution in this bill, because
judicial power is by it conferred upon'lhe officers and
agents of the Freedmen's- Bureau. He says it is ad-
mitted that such power is conferred, and then he reads
the clause of the Constitution of tho United States
which declares that the judicial power shall be vested
in a Supreme Court and inferior courts, to be estab-
lished by Congress; and ho says these officers of the
Freedmen's Bureau are not the eouits contemplated
by the Constitution. And he road-: another obtuse to
show that the right of trial by jury is secured to par-
ties; and he says no jury trial is provided lor here.
Of course not; but how plain a statement shall an-
swer that whole argument."
Now, let us hear the plain statomentofthe gen-
tleman that was intended to answer the whole
argument:
"Are therenot other provisions of tho Constitution?
Has the Senator from Kentucky never road that the
Congress of the United States shall have authoiity to
call forth the militia to pub down insurrection and
rebellion? Docsnot tho Senator from Ivcntucky know
that from eleven States of this Union every court has
been expelled and driven out?"
No, sir; T know no such thing. I know the
contrary and X have proved the contrary in re-
lation to Arkansas by the testimony of her Rep-
resentatives elected to Congress. Whalis true of
Arkansas is substantially true of the other States
lately in rebellion, 'flu-re is not a State in the
Union now wherelliccivillawandflieeivil courts
may not be reestablished and put into complete
and peaceful operation. There is not a State
in which the civil courts and civil law are now
deposed by the rebellion. But even if the fact
were so in the rebel States, does that prove that
Kentucky should be subjected to tho Freedmon's
Bureau'.' And yet what I have read is the solo
answer which the gentleman deigns to make
to alltheconstitutionalobjeetions which I raised
to that bill.
Another one was that it created a court of a
military bureau, that it made the Commissioner,
assistant commissioners, and agents of this
bureau judges, and that it invested in them
judicial powers, and 1 read the Constitution to
prove that all judicial power in and under the
Government of the United States was to bo ex-
ercised by the Supreme. Court or by such infe-
rior courts as Congress may frotn time to time
establish. I showed, or attempted to show, I hat.
this reason of '' military necessity" never had
any application iu Kentucky, or, if any, but for
a few days. It has no application in fact and
in truth anywhere ; and when f object, 1o a mili-
tary drum-head court-martial that have not sense
enough or information enough to know what a
writ o(habeas rorpux is. and on what tennsand
conditions a writ of /irtlx'iifi corpus should be
granted; that are themselves mrnilnTS of a per-
fect despotism, because every army is a despot-
ism, that know nothing of the principles or es-
sences of liberty; when I object to such men as
these being clothed with the judicial powers cre-
ated by the Constitution of the United States,
and invested specially in courts, the Senator
from Illinois asks me this question :
" Arc there not other provisions of the Constitution ?
lias the Senator from Kentucky never rend thai, the
Congicss of the United States bhallhare authoiity to
call iortb the militia to put down insurrection and
rebellion?"
Tho insurrection and rebellion lias been put
down long enough for a crop togrovrand mature;
and all nature is sleeping now, to prepare her
recuperative energies to bring on another crop,
in the depths of winter; and yet when 1 object
to military bureaus and military satraps exercis-
ingthe judicial powers of the United States that
are vested by the Constitution in the courts, the
gentleman asks me, have I not read the juo-
vision of the Constitution which authoi tlic
President to call out the militia to put down
insurrection?
Mr. President, I took an.other objection, and
a very grave objection, to the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, to its exercise of any jurisdiction in Ken-
tucky, in Arkansas, anywhere. It deprives the
citizen of his constitutional right to trial by jury
in cases where the matter in contest amounts
to twenty dollars. I read the learned opinions
of the Supreme Court establishing that inval-
uable, inappreciable principle of the Constitu-
tion. "Who would be willing to expunge that
principle from the Constitution, the right to
trial by jury? In criminal cases it has passed
from, us so long that we have almost forgotten
that it ever had any practical existence. We
have had the practical enjoyment of the right
of trial by jury in civil cases in Kentucky; but
here comes forward 1 his measure of despotism,
of iron military despotism, backed up by the
first lawyer of this body, and who gravely—no,
not gravely, but with perfoct indifference—in-
troduces a bill into the Senate of the United
States to abolish our courts, State and Federal,
in Kentucky, so far as controversies between
the free negro and the white man may arise,
and to vest them, against the plain and posi-
tive provisions of the Constitution, in a sort of
military subordinates. I objected, in addition,
that it deprives the people of the right of trial
by jury. To these, and other grave objections
which F make to the bill, the honorable Sena-
Senator irom Kentucky not read the provision
which authorizes the militia to be called out to
tor contents himself with this reply:
"Has tho Senator from Kentucky not read tho pro-
vision which authorizes tho militia to be called out
to pat downin^urreetion
Was ever such a profound and able argument
made in any body as that?
But, Mr. President, I will hurry on to con-
sider the piovisions of the pending bill. The
Senator says that the principal matter, the
gravamen of tho bill, is in the lirst section. I
will read it:
That I hero shall bono discrimination in civil rights
or immunities anions the inhabitants of any State or
Territory ol" the United States on account of race,
color, or previous condition of slavery.
T will ask tho honorable Senator, what rights
do these words establish? The section goes on
afterwards and specilies:
Rut tho inhabitants of every race and color, with-
out regmd to any pievious condition oftdaveryor in-
voluntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
wheioof tho party .shall have been duly convicted,
shall have the same light, to make and onfoice con-
tracts, to sue, be parties and pivo evidence, to inherit,
purchase, louse, bell, hold, and convoy real and per-
sonal property, and to full and equal benefit of all
laws and proceedings l'ou the security of person and
property, and shall be subject to like punishment,
pains, and penalties, and to none other, any law,
btatutc, ordinance, regulation, or custom, to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Again:
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That any person
who under <-olor of any law, statute, ordinance, res?u~
1 it ion, or custom, shall subject,or cause to bo subjected,
any inhabitant of any State or Territory to flicdep-
rivationof an> rishl secured or protected by this act,
or to diAoicnt puindimenl, pains, or penalties on ac-
count of such pel son ha\ ins at any t .me been held in
a condition of slavery or involuntary M-iviturie, cx~
i-i'pt a> a punishment tore ri mow hereof tiie partv sha 11
have* been duly com leted, or by reason of his color or
race, than is prescribed for the punisinncnt of white
persons, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
ami on conviction shall he punished by fine not ex-
ceeding $1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding one
year, or both, in tho discretion of the court.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky yield?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mv. .J OIINSON. It is ratlier late in the day,
and my friend from Kentucky will take some
time yet to conclude his remarks. I propose,
with his consent, that the bill now be passed
over for to-day, and that the vote he taken to-
morrow at two o' clock, if that is the pleasure of
the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBTTPuY. I desire to be heard for
a fliort time before, the vote is taken.
Mr. JOHN SON. I did not know before that
my friend from Delaware proposed to say any-
thing upon this bill. Let us then fix three o'clock
to-morrow as the hour for talcing the vote; I
am sure there will be no objection on the part
of the chairman of the committee to make this
arrangement.
- Mr. DAVIS. I am wound up; I am obliged
to run down. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall for myself make
no objection to taking the vote at two or three
o'clock to-morrow. If it is understood gen-
erally in the Senate that there is not a disposi-
tion to protract the debate longer than say three
o' clock to-morrow, I am perfectly willing to ad-
journ now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Do I under-,
stand the .Senator from Maryland as moving an
adjournment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir, with that under-
standing, that the vote shall be taken to-morrow
at three o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the consent of
the Senator from Maryland, I will state that that
is entirely satisfactory to me, with this further
understanding, that if amendments be proposed
a reasonable time shall be allowed for their,
explanation. It is possible the Senatqr from
Kentucky will not occupy until three o'clock.
I desire to propose one amendment to the bill.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] tells
me that he wishes to propose an amendment.
I have no desire to engage in any general dis-'
eussion of the bill, but simply to address my-
self to tho amendment I shall propose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would say that of
course in fixing the hour at three o'clock I
should not expect, so far as I am concerned—I
can speak only for myself—to prevent the offer-
ing of any amendment and the making of any
statement in reference to it.
Mr. JOIINSONT Say four o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps we had better
have it understood, as amendments are likely
to be offered, that after three o'clock any
amendment may be offered and any amendment
may be explained. What I mean is to have it
understood that we can get a vote to-morrow
without protracting the session unnecessary.
With that understanding I am willing that we
shall now adjourn until to-morrow, and then at
sometime after the Senator from Kentucky shall
have concluded his remarks we may act on such
amendments as may be offered.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit to the pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know what the
Senator from Illinois means by allowing a state-
ment or explanation of an amendment. The
amendment which I shall propose I shall wish
to present in some decent shape to the Senate.
I do not want any misunderstanding on this
point. I do not wish to discuss the bill gen-
erally, except for the purpose of illustrating the
amendment I shall propose. That amendment
will be to strike out the last section of the bill.
The Senator from Oregon wishes to propose an
amendment, and of course, 1 presume, to ex-
plain it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there will be no
difficulty on that point. With the understand-
ing that all general debate on the bill shall close
at three o'clock to-morrow, 1 have no objection
to an adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON". I renew tho motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 1, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a privileged
question. My colleague, Mr. Hultsitkd. lias
been called away by the serious illness of a
near relative. I ask leave of absence for him
for a week.
There being no objection, the leave was
granted.
