3502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
ECouse had then passed, and which was known
as the homestead bill, and which was then
before the Senate, should become a law, this
section of the bill would not be wanted. ' The
bill referred to has become a law, and this sec-
tion five providing for that reservation has
therefore been stricken from the bill.
The next amendment made by the Senate
was to strike out a section of the House bill
.which simply provided that upon application
for restoration by the former owners of the
land assigned under General Sherman's field
order, the application should not be complied
with. That section is stricken out and another
substituted for it, which provides that certain
lands, which are now owned by the United
States, having' been purchased by the United
States under tax commissioners' sales, shall be
assigned in lots of twenty acres to freedmen
who have had allotments under General Sher-
man's field order, at the price for which the
lands were purchased by the United States ;
and not only that those freedmen should have
such allotments, but that other freedmen who
had had lots assigned to them under General
Sherman's field order, and who may have be-
come dispossessed of their land, should have
assignments made to them of these lands he-
longing to the United States. I think the jus-
tice of that provision will strike every one.
And it will be perhaps a merit in the eyes .of
many that it does not call upon the Treasury
for the expenditure of any money. In the bill
which was passed by the House it will be recol-
lected that there was a provision under which
there should be purchased by the Commissioner
of the bureau enough public lands to be substi-
tuted for the lands at first assigned to freedmen.
Instead of that, provision is made by which they
::iii have property belonging to the United States
which has come into its possession under tax
sales, and where the titles have bccu made per-
fect by lapse of lime.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. What is
the price at which these lands are to be sold
to freedmen?
Mr. ELIOT. A dollar and a half an acre.
Mr. WASH BURN, of Indiana. That is not
the cost to the Government,.
Mr. ELIOT. I ought to state that the price
is fixed in the bill at $1 50 an acre. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] says
that is not 1 lie cost to the Government. I am
not so familiar with the facts as to be able to
stale how that is.
The next amendment of the Senate provides
that certain lands which were purchased by the
United Slates at tax sales, and which are now
held by the United Slates, should be sold at
prices not less than ten dollars an acre, and
that the proceeds should be invested for the
support of schools, without distinction of color
or race, on the islands in the parishes of St.
Helena and St. Luke. That is all the provis-
ion which was made for education. It will be
remembered that in the other bill there was
a provision which was deemed pretty elabo-
rate and pretty extensive. That provision was
stricken out and the*provision of the Senate is
a substitute for it.
The next amendment, or rather a part of
one long amendment, consists of two sections
that merely provide for carrying into execu-
tion the prior sections to which I have referred.
The only other material amendment made
by the Senate gives to the Commissioner of the
bureau power to take property of the late con-
federate States, held by them or in trust for
them, and which is now in charge of the Com-
missioner of the bureau—to take that property
and devote it to educational purposes. The
amendment further provides that when the
bureau shall cease to exist, such of the late
so-called confederate States as shall have made
provision for education without regard to color
should have the balance of money remaining
on hand, the same to be divided among them
in proportion to their population.
I believe I have gone over the. amendments
which have been made by the Senate, and I
hope I hav" explained them so as to be under-
stood by my friend from New York, [Mr.
Hale.] I now call the previous question on
the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] that
we cannot tell at this time just what this bill
is. It has never been printed as amended by
the committee of conference. We can only
judge as to its present form by what has been
said by the gentleman. I do wish that the gen-
tleman would consent to have it printed in the
form in which it has come from the committee
of conference, so that we may understand it.
We understand this much, and this alone, that
there is "nigger'" in its head, "nigger" in its
bowels, and 11 nigger " in its heels. I suppose
that it is "nigger" all through ; but whatever
may be its character we would like to under-
stand it.
Mr. UPSON. I raise the question of order
that debate is not in order, the previous ques-
tion having been seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The House is acting under the
operation of the previous question, and debate
is not in order.
The question being on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference,
Mr. FIN OK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FINCK called for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the report of the
committee of conference be laid on the table,
and on tliatmotion I demandthe yeasandnays.
The j eas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 25, nays 102, not voting
55 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Ancona, Boycr, Coffroth, Dawson,
.Kldridge, Finek.Glossbronner, Aaron Harding,John-
sou, Kcir, l.o 111 oml, Marshall, Niblack, Xoell, Hit-
ter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Sbankliu, Sitgreaves,
Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, and Trimble—25.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison. Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M.Ashley. Baker, Baldwin,
Barker, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Bout-
well, Bnuidegee, Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cuilom, Davis, Dawes, De-
ming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckloy,
Egglcston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, (Jrinnell. Hale. Abner C. Harding, Hart, Ilayes,
Holmes, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, As ah el W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Ilubbard, Hulburd, In -
gersoll, Julian, Iielley. Iveteham, Laflin, Latham,
Georgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrenco, Longyear,
Lynch, McClurg, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson. Perham, Plants, Price, Raymond,
Alexander 11. ltiee, John H. Rico, Rollins, Saw-
yer, Sehenck, Scotieid, Shellabarger, Spalcling, Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas. Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Vanllorn, Robert
T. Van Horn. Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wontworth, Williams, James l'\
Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—102.
NOT YOUNG—Messrs. Banks. Baxter. Bergen,
Blaine, Blow, Broomall, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Conkling, Culver, Darling, Dcfrees, Delano, Denison,
Dumont, Goodyear, Glider, Griswold, Harris, Hen-
derson, Iligby, Hill, Ilogan, John II. Hubbaid, Ed-
win N. Hnbbell, James It. Ilubbell, Humphreys
Jenekes, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kuykendall, Loan,
Marston, Marvin, McCullough,'Melndoe, McKee,
Moulton, Nicholson, Phelps, Piko, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Van Acrnam, Warner, ElihuB. Wash-
bumc, Wiialcy, Winiield, and Wiight—55.
So the House refused to lay the report on
the table.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
report, it was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thanks to working men of lyons.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Reiolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the thanks of Congress be,
and they are hereby, tendered to tho working men
of Lyons, France, who havo presented a silken flag,
prepared at their instance by tho Weavers' Associ-
ation of that city, m memory of the late President
Lincoln, and intended to be displayed at the cere-
monies of Congress on the 12th of February last, and
that the flag be deposited with the archives of the
Government in the State Department.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL REPORTS OP 1864.
Mr. LAFLIN. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution pro-
viding for printing twenty-five thousand extra
copies of the Agricultural Report of 1864, have
directed me to ask that they be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
to move that it be laid on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to—ayes 45, noes 55.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (IT. R. No. 725) to provide for the
payment of the sixth, eighth, and eleventh regi-
ments of Ohio volunteer militia, of Cincinnati,
Bard's company of cavalry, and Paulsen's bat-
tery, during the time they were in the service
of the United States; and
Joint resolution? (II. II. No. 52) to provide
for the expenses attending the exhibition of
the products of industry of the United States
at the Exposition in Paris in 1867.
railroad to portland, oregon.
Mr. BID WELL had, under the rales, entered
upon the Journal a motion to reconsider the
vote by which Senate bill No. 123, entitled "An
act granting lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad in California to Portland in
Oregon," with an amendment in the nature of
a substitute, was recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
printing or agricultural report again.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 25 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under tho rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Laflik and Mr.
Axe on a.
The House again divided; and tho tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-three, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise, under the rules, to
close the debate on the resolution.
Mr. ANCONA. I rise to a question of
order, that the gentleman from New York is
not entitled to the privilege of closing the
debate after the previous question has been
seconded for the reason that he lias reported
against the adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The rules allow the mem-
ber who reports a proposition, after the pre-
vious question has been seconded and the main
question ordered, to close the debate.
Mr. ANCONA. Does not tho gentleman
from New York lose his privilege because he
has reported against the adoption of the reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. He does not.
_ Mr. ANCONA. I thought, when my mo-
tion prevailed against the report, I would of
course be entitled to the floor.
_ Tho SPEAKER. The ground for the de-
cision of the Chair has been fully stated here-
tofore. No member, after a bill or resolution
has been reported, can cut off the right of tho
member reporting the proposition to close the
debate. The rule is exactly appropriate to
this case.
,Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no dis-
