1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26§S:
Goodyear, Gh'ider, Aaron Harding, Hogan, Chester
D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Kerr, Kuykondall,
Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson,
Phelps, William H. Randall, Rittcr, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Shankfin, Sitgreavcs, Stevens, Strouso,
'JC&ber, Taylor, Trimble, Henry D.Washbum, \V haley,
ami Wright—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barker, Beaman, Blow,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Bucltland, Bundy, Coffroth,
ConklinR, Culver, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
Eekley, Kliot, Farquhar, Grinnell, Hale, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hill, James B. Hubbell, James Humphrey,
James 3VI. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Ivasson,
Ketcham, Laflin, Ucorge V. Lawrence, Marvin. Mo-
Cullough, Mclndoe," IIcKee, McTtuor, Morris, Moul-
ton, Myers, Neivell, Noell, O'Neill, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II.
Rice, Jolni II. Rico, Hcoficld. Siiciiabarger, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwcll, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn,Wcntworth,
and Wmfield—51.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vole by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
memphis riots.
Mr. LE BLOND. I find it impossible for
me to serve on the committee appointed to in-
vestigate the Memphis riot. I ask, therefore,
to bo excused from service on the same.
The gentleman was accordingly excused.
The SPEAKER subsequently announced
that he had appointed Messrs. Broosull and
sdakliw to fill the vacancies upon the select
committee to investigate the late Memphis riot,
which vacancies had been caused by the resig-
nation of Messrs. Boutwell and Le Blond.
message from the president.
Several messages in writing from the Pres-
ident of the United States were delivered to the
House, by Mr. Edward Cooper, his Private
Secretary; who also informed the House that
the President had approved and signed bills
of the following titles :
An act (II. it. No. 238) to amend an act
entitled "An act relating to habeas oorpux,
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," approved March 8, 18G3; and
An act (H. It. No. 352) to incorporate the
National Theological Institution.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced -that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 563, to regulate the
time and fix the place for holding the district
court of the United States in the district of
Virginia, and for other purposes, with an
amendment; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
Also, Senate bill No. 318, to authorize the
appointment of an additional Assistant Secre-
tary of the Navy; in which the coneurrencc of
the House was requested.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. It. No. 397) to authorize the
coinage of five-cent pieces;
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 60) relative to
the courts and post office of New York city;
and
Joint resolution (S. It. No. 88) authorizing
tho Secretary of War to grant the use of certain
lumber for the fair for the Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphans' Home.
tax rile.
Mr. MO It RILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rides were suspended; andtheHouse
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of tho special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Chanler to insert before the last proviso,
on page 29, the following:
And that tho assessor of each district shall at stated
periods make a fall and accurate reportover his own
signature, duly sworn to before a notary public, of
all articles seized and held by him as forfeited for
violations of this act by any person or persons, that
such report shall specify the names of tho owners of
the articles so seized, together with the value of tho
same, and the particular section or sections of this
act violated by sueli person or persons, whereby the
said articles wero forfeited to the Government; and
such reports shall be addressed to the chief of the Bu-
reau of Internal Revenue on tho 1st of every month.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe this proposition
was voted down yesterday, only there wa3 not
quite a quorum present.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amend-
ment to be inserted in line four hundred and
eighteen, after the word " days :"
And any collector or assistant collector who, hav-
ing postponed, or agreed, or consented, in writing,
with the debtor or any creditor of the debtor, to post-
pone to a day certain any sale authorized by this act
to be made, shall, in fraud of such agreement or con-
sent proceed to sell the property so advertised be-
fore the time fixed therefor by such agreement or
consent, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall, on conviction thereof, be punished byline
not less.than SI,000 nor more than S10.000, in the dis-
cretion of the court; shallforleit his office, and shall,
moreover, be liable to any paity aggrieved by such
act fo all damages which may be sustained or suf-
fered by reason thereof.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of
correcting an evil which I presume has not
often been experienced under the provisions
of the existing law, but which has been expe-
rienced in some eases. A collcclor seizes the
property of a party who has made himself
amenable to the penalty of the law, and adver-
tises it for sale. That property may be valua-
ble, and upon it the creditors of the parly may
look for their security.
In a case to which 1 have reference a collector
seizes tho property of the party thus amenable
to law, worth perhaps fifty or sixty thousand
dollars, while tho penalty amounts to $20,000.
He advertises the property for sale. The owner
of it is in debt nearly tho value of the entire
estate. A creditor having a claim to the amount
of $20,000 sends an agent to ascertain the con-
dition of the property and see whether it is worth
while to attend the sale and make arrangements
for the purchase of it in case it shall be sold.
He applies to tho collector, who, after explain-
ing tho nature of tho property to him, says if it is
any accommodation to him to be present on the
day of tho sale and bid, ho will be happy to
have him do so, and he will postpone the sale
with that understanding, to suit his conven-
ience, fo a certain day in order that he may go
home to raise the money and come again and
attend the sale. The sale is accordingly post-
poned for ten days upon the written agreement
with the collector. And yet on the day on
which that property was originally advertised
to be sold it is put up and sold, and bid in for
§20,000 by the collector or some friend, and
when the creditor returns to attend the sale
and purchase the property he is met with the
declaration that the title is already gone.
Now, such cases may exist under this bill,
and there is no provision for the punishment
of a party who shall be guilty of such a fraud.
Therefore it seems to me due to the American
people that they shall have their rights pro-
tected by some provision which shall prevent
the perpetration of such frauds.
I know it may be said, and will be said, per-
haps, by tho chairman of tho committee, that
such a case will not occur; but such a ease
has occurred; and we all know the liability
of human nature to err. We know the tend-
ency which exists in human nature to yield
to corrupt influences. I think, therefore, we
should impose penalties for any malfeasances
by a public officer under the provisions of this
act. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It seems to me this is
an effort to provide by a general law a remedy
for an evil which probably has never arisen but-
in a single instance, and is not likely to arise
again. Here are provisions for the adjourn-
ment of sale from day to day, at the discretion
of the officer, not to exceed thirty days in all.
Now, I understand the proposition of the gen-
tleman is that if the' collector shall give infor-
mation of any sort that he intends to postpone
the sale, and he does not do it, he is to be held
guilty of a misdemeanor.
Mr. DAVIS. It does not mean that. It
means that where the collector shall agree in
writing with the creditor that tho sale shall be
postponed for any time within thirty days, and
shall not postpone it in accordance with the
agreement, but shall sell the property before
the time agreed upon, the collector shall be
held responsible for the damage which the
party suffers.
Mr. BOUTW ELL. I object to holding out
any inducement to a public officcr to make
private agreements. As the law will stand if
this bill passes, collectors are obliged to give
public notice of the time and place of sale.
When the time arrives and the collector chooses
to postpone the sale for considerations which
shall be satisfactory to him, he may do so for
a period not exceeding thirty days. I object
to the proposition because it implies that a
public officer may give private pledges to par-
ties interested that such a proceeding shall not
take place, ho already having given public
notice that the sale is to take place. It seems
to mo tho proposed amendment implies an
arrangement which it is not proper for a pub-
lic officer to make. As it now stands whatever
ho docs he is bound by and must do in the faco
and before the eyes of tho public, and any sub-
arrangement which he makes ought not to bo
tolerated by tho law.
The OHAT11MAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the last word, "thereof."
The very object I had in view in proposing
this amendment is to prevent any agreement
by way of collusion between the officers and
anybody else. And let me say to the gentle-
man that the notice which is spoken of as
being required to be published in the papers
is a notice published in the district where the
officcr resides or where the property is lo-
cated. Tho case to which I referred was one
where it was advertised in Pennsylvania, and
the creditor residing in New York heard by
accident ol' the advertisement of tho sale of
the property and sought to protect himself. On
going to tho collector the collector agreed to a
postponement, as he had a right to do under
the law and as he was bound to do in consid-
eration of the position of the creditor. And
if he had given public notice of the sale as the
law required him to do, stating the day to which
tho postponement was made, all would have
been right. But as a public officer, bound to
protect as far as his duty would prompt him
the interest of the creditor, he proceeds to make
tho sale on the day originally advertised, and
thus by fraud and collusion with somebody
violates tho agreement upon which the creditor
had relied.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I would
ask the gentleman whether a public officer who
has acted thus fraudulently or wrongfully is
not liable by an action at common law.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no provision in this
act for it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. But would
he not be liable under the common law?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not wish to seo a man
who is liable to conviction or indictment under
tho common law holding the responsible office
of collector under the Government of the Uni-
ted States. I can see no objection whatever
to this amendment.
The amendment was not agi'eed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I propose to amend in
line four hundred and ninety by inserting aft er
the word "distraint" the words "and sale, if
