1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
apparent that the approval of the election of the
respondents depends altogether on their own vote,
ana that independent of that vote there had not been
that confirmation of the election which is required by
the act of incorporation. The inquiry will then be,
to which all others are subordinate in some measure,
whether tl}0 actof Assembly authorizes this proceed-
ing on the part of the commissioners-elect; whether
each of-them who have been returned electcd are
entitled to judge of their own election, with full power
and authority to approve thereof.
"It will be conceded that whereat can be avoided
no man should be permitted to decide his own cause;
nor can I perccivornuch difference where he is palled
on to determine his right to an office of profit, or one
of trust, accompanied, as this is, with extensive pa-
tronage^ The temptation to. an abuse of the trust is
as great in the one case as the other; and is such that
A no prudent Legislature would intrust such a power
„ to.any person unless in cases of necessity; and where
such necessity exists the legislative grant would, we
should bo led tefsuppose, be in such clear, unequiv-
ocal terms as toleavcroomfomeitherdoubtnorcavil.
In England, it is said that even an act of Parliament,
made against natural equity, as to make a judge in
his own cause, is void in itself; for, as it is expressed,
juranatiirazsunt immutabilia ; amlthcy tire leges legum.
Bay vs. Savadgc, Hob. 87. And in 12 Mod., if an act
of Parliament should ordain that the same person
should be party and judge, or, which is the same thing,
judge in his own cause, it would be avoid actof Par-
liament, for it is impossible, says the court, that one
should bo judge and party; for the judge is to deter-
mine between party and party, or between the Gov-
ernment and a party; and our own courts appear
equally averse to the introduction of such a principle.
* An act of the Legislature, says Justice Chase in
Calder and wife vs. Bull, .3 Dall, 386, contrary to the
great first principle of the social compact, cannot be
considered a rightful exercisoof legislative author-
ity. The obligation of a law in Governments, estab-
lished on express compact and on republicnn prin-
ciples, must be determined by the nature of the power
on which it is founded. A law that punished a citi-
zen for an innocent action, or in other words, for an
act which, tfhen done, was in violation of no exist-
ing law; a law that destroys or impairs the lawful
private contracts of citizens; a law that makes a man
a judge in his own cause, or a law that takes property
from A and gives it to B, it is against all reason and
justice lor a people to intrust a Legislature with
euch powers; and therefore, it cannot be presumed
they have done it. The genius, the nature, and the
spirit of our btate governments amount to a pro-
hibition of such acts of legislation; and the general
principle of law and reason failed there. To main-
tain that our r edera.1 or State Legislatures possessed
such powers, if tlicy had not been expressly restrained,
would be a political heresy altogether inadmissiblo
in a republican government.'.'
Mr. JOHNSON. That has been overruled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me go on:
"To these high and imposing authorities, I may
add the opinion of the present Chief Justice in The
Commonwealth v*. Woelper et al„ 8 Korg. & Rawlo, 43.'
which it is a mistake to suppose was overruled or
contradicted by tko other members of the court."
The Senator spoke "a little too soon; the
supreme court of Pennsylvania says it is not
overruled.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator does not un-
derstand me. I say the decision is overruled
m all the States.
Mr. i .RUitlHTLL. What decision ?
t ^.r- •'pa^TSON. .Read the opinion of Judge
Iredell in the case cited.
Mr. IRUMBULL. What case does the Sen-
ator from Maryland mean to say is overruled?
Mr. JOHNSON. I mean the general doc-
trine-that legislation contrary to the principles
Of justice and equity in the opinion of thoeourt
befoic whom the question is decided is not
binding. The honorable Senator will find, if
he will turn to the original case of Calder vs.
Bull, in which Judge Chase's opinion was pro-
nounced, that Judge Iredell, who stood even
higher than Judge Chase, took directly the op-
posite view, and in almost all the States of the
Union where the same question has arisen it
has been decided that the doctrine laid down
by Chase was untenable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am reading'from the
case of The Commonwealth vs. McCloskey.
Does the Senator from Maryland mean to say
that it is overruled?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not mean to say that.
I say that the opinion of Justicc Chase in Calder
vs. Bull has been overruled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I imagine that my friend
telling me that some other case has been over-
ruled will have very little to do with this.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member,
I am sure, does not mean to misrepresent me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. The Senator
nom Maryland shall be correctly stated if he
will have patience. '
Mr. JQHNSON. I have as much patience
as most men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the case of The Com-
monwealth vs. McCloskey, from which I am
reading, a reference is made to a case decided
by Mr. Justice Chase. Now, the Senator trom
Maryland says that the case referred to has
been overruled. Some positions laid down by;
Mr. Justice Chase havS been disagreed to by
subsequent decisions. The question in this
case of The Commonwealth vs. McCloskey, that
I am reading from, was as to the authority of
a party to pass upon his own case, and the
question was whether the law had authorized
him to do so. There was no doubt that it could
not be done unless the law had authorized it.
The judge starts out in the opinion by showing
that according to some persons, and according
to Judge Chase, even a positive act of the Le-
gislature could not establish such a principle,
that a man could be a judge in his own case.
After stating that, he comes to the considera-
tion presently of the Pennsylvania statute, and
he shows that that statute is not so clear as
to require the court to hold that those parties
had a right to pass upon the validity of their
own election:
"In this view, the rightclnimed by the respondents
struck thejudicial mind in England and in this coun-
try,and particularly the powerful intellect of Justice
Chase. Although J. fully accede to (ho general prin-
ciple of that distinguished jurist, yet I should pause
before I would carry it to the extent ho seems willing
to go."
Now, the Senator from Maryland sees that
the judge who pronounced this opinion under-
stood fully what he was talking about. He
shows he does not agree with Justice Chase in
that:
. "If the Legislature should pass a law in plain, un-
equivocal, and cxplicittei'ins, within thegeneralscopo
of their constitutional power, I know of 110 author-
ity in this Govermcnt to pronounce such an act void,
merely because, in tho opinion of the judicial tribu-
nals, it was contrary to the principles of natural jus-
tice; for this would be vesting in tho court a latitud-
marian authority which might be abused, arid would
necessarily lead to collisions between the legislative
andjudicial departments, dangerous to the well being
of society, or at least not in harmony with the struct-
ure of our ideas of natural government."
After these general observations, the judge
comes to the particular casein hand, and says:
"We are authorized to believe they [the Legisla-
ture of ^Pennsylvania] did not intend to contravene
„a principle which has been deemed by the most emi-
nent jurists contrary to natural equity and the first
principles of the social compact. On the contrary
supposition the approval of the election would bo a
mockery, as wo could not suppose, particularly with
t ie knowledge of the facts which havebeen disclosed,
that an interested party, nnder the influence of irri-
tated and party feelings, could bring to tho oxami-
na tion that impartiality which is necessary to a proper
and correct decision." *
"The Constitution of the United States prescribes
thatoach House shall judge of the elections, returns
and qualifications of its own members.' The consti-
tution of Pennsylvania is in nearly the same words,
that each House shall judge of tho qualifications of
its members.' The right of determination is given
to the House who exercise their authority by the
decision of the majority, as in the act it is vested in
the commissioners qr a majority. Under these dif-
ferent provisions nornstanco can be produced, cither
V? t^ress,<)r,our State Legislature, where such a
right has ever been permitted, or even claimed."
Tins is the first time it was overclaimed, ac-
cording to the authority of the supreme court
of Pennsylvania in this case. If the Senator
from Maryland can produce an instance where
it was ever claimed, I should like to see it. I
never heard of its being claimed. There has
been case after case decided in the Senate since
I have been here, and no person ever pretended
to vote on the question of his own right to a
seat. Let us have tho cases, if there are any.
I undertake to say that the decision of the su-
preme court of Pennsylvania states the fact,
lhe opinion was given some years ago, but
there has been no case since, I venture to say,
where such a claim has been made.
Mr. SUMNER. Who gave the opinion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Judge Rogers.
Mr. JOHNSS3N. How long ago ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In 1830. The jud"-e
goes on to say-: 0
" Th o nearest they have ever gone to it in Congress
was where returned members voted on a principle
on which their own election depended; a case'en-
tirely different from this, and the propriety of whieft
misht.be well questioned; at any rate, I feel but
little respect for a decision which comes in'such a
questionable shape."
I shall not take up the time of the Senate by
reading futher from this decision: but I ven-
ture to say that what is stated by tho judge in
that- case will be found on examination to be
strictly correct. It is not unnatural that the
Senator from New Jersey should have fallen
into what I think was a mistake on his part, that
because a voter sometimes voted for himself at
an election where his right to vote was not in
question, or because a member in a legislative
body voted for himself as presiding officer,
therefore he could vote on the question of his
own right to vote. It is a very different thing.
It is a matter addressed to the discretion and
propriety of the voter, Whether he will vote for
himself or not; but it is not if question ad-
dressed to the sense of propriety and delicacy
of a person, when his right to vote is ques-
tioned, whether ho shall decide that he has got
a right tovote; and that is precisely this easel
Now, sir, I desire this to be corrected. I
am ready to vote upon it now, and I think per-
haps that is the better way, and let us settle at
this time that a member has no right to vote
upon the question. I am willing to do that
"either by moving, as I said before, if it cannot
be got at in any other way, to reconsider; but
the Senator from Ohio has satisfied me that I
shall not accomplish my objeet by moving a
reconsideration, because the question would
come up again when the vote came, and we
could not determine it while the yeas and nays
were being called. I think, upon considera-
tion, that perhaps the best way to arrive at it is
by the adoption of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President. I
voted to sustain the Senator from New Jersey
in his seat, believing that the majority of the
Legislature expressed their opinion when they
adopted the plurality rule. 1 voted on the ease
as 1 would decide as a judge passing upon a
judicial question. I was never more surprised
in my life than when the Senator from New
Jersey asked to vote, and did vole. I at that
time proposed to move a reconsideration. The
action struck me as highly improper. The rule,
as I have understood it, has been that legisla-
tors should not vote upon a question where
their interest is of such a character as to bias
their judgment. That the Senator from New
Jersey had such an interest in the decision of
the question as to bias his judgment, none can
deny. It would be unnatural that he should
not have that bias. Any provocation, J care
not of what character, in my judgment cannot
either excuse or legalize the act. I regretted
the position occupied unintentionally by the
Senator from Maine. I regret it on his own
account: but that his action or the action of
any other Senator could cxcuse the Senator
from New Jersey has no place in my mind. I
traveled the same road that the Senator from
New Jersey has. Four years ago my seat was
assailed as his is, not for any illegality or irreg-
ularity in the election, but from the fact that I
had accepted the position of brigadier general.
The same resolutions were introduced in that
case as in his. I not only felt it a duty that I
owed to myself as well as to the Senate not to
vote, but to withdraw from the Chamber while
tho verdict was being made up, while the Sen-
ate was making its decision. I felt it a duty I
owed to myself and to the Senate to withdraw
from the Chamber. I was. therefore, greatly
surprised at the course of the Senator from
New Jersey ; and now, with all kindness to him,
I feel it a duty I owe to my State and to the
Senate as well as to myself to place himin.such
a position as "that he may refuse to vote. I
should like to have the Senator from New Jer;
sey placed in such a situation as that he might
refuse to vote. If he does not take that course
1 shall feel it bounden on me to treat his vote
as a nullity, as utterly without validity.
Mr. FOSTER, (Mr. Clark in the chair.)
Mr. President, from the course of the debate,
and especially from a remark aaaade by the hen-
