164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
Ho. of Reps.
The Public Debt and Specie Payments—Mr. Garjield.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
that to which Faust resigned himself. A vision
of light and life and beauty flitted ever palpa-
bly before him, and wooed him to the perpetual
service of the good and true. The memory of
a pious and beloved mother permeated his
whole moral being, and kept warm within him
She tenderest affection. Hear how he wrote
of her:
"My mother was a lady of graceful and simple
manners, faircomplexion, blue eyes, and auburn hair,
with a rich and exquisite voice, that still thrills my
memory with the echo of its vanished music. She
was hfghly educated for her day, when Annapolis was
the focus of intellect and fashion for'Maryland, and
its fruits shone through her conversation, and colored
and completed hcrnatural eloquence, which my father
used to say would have madeher an orator, if it had
not been thrown away on a woman. She was the
incarnation of all that is Christian in life and hope,
in charity and thought, ready for every good .work,
herself the example of all she taught."
It was the force of her precept and example
that formed the man, and supplied him with
his shield and buckler. His private life was
spotless. His habits were regular and abste-
mious, and his practice in close conformity
with the Episcopal church, of which he was a
member. He invariably attended divine ser-
vice on Sunday, and confined himself for the
remainder of the day to a course of religious
reading. * If from his .father he drew a courage
and a fierce determination before which his en-
emies fled in confusion; from his mother he
inherited those milder qualities that won for
him friends, as true and devoted as man ever
possessed. Some have said he was hard and
dictatorial. They had seen him only when a
high resolve had fired his breast, and when the
gleam of battle had lighted his countenance. His
friends saw deeper, and knew that beneath the
exterior he assumed in his struggles with the
world there beat a heart as pure and unsullied,
as confiding and as gentle as ever sanctified the
domestic circle, or made loved ones happy.
His heart reminded 1110 of a spring among the
hills of the Susquehanna to which I often re-
sorted in my youth; around a part of it we boys
had built a stone wall to protect it from out-
rage, while on the side next home we left open
a path, easily traveled by familiar feet, and lead-
ing straight to the sweet and perennial waters
within.
He lived to hoar the salvos that announced,
after more than two centuries of bondage, the
redemption of his native State. He lived to
vote for that grand act of enfranchisement that
wiped from the escutcheon of the nation the
leprous stain of slavery; and to know that the
Constitution of the United States no longer
recognized and protected property in man. lie
lived to witness the triumph of his country in
its desperate struggle with treason, and to be-
hold all its enemies, either wanderers like Cain
over the earth, or suppliants for mercy at her
feet. He lived to catch the first glimpse of the
coming glory of that new era of progress that
matchless valor had won through the blood
and carnage of a thousand battle-fields. He
lived, through all the storm of war, to see, at
last, America rejuvenated, rescued from the
grasp of despotism, and rise victorious with her
garments purified and her brow radiant with
the unsullied light of liberty. He lived to greet
the return of meek-cyed peace,'' and then he
gently laid his head upon her bosom and
breathed out there his noble spirit.
The sword may rust in its scabbard, and so
let it; but free men with free thought and free
speech will wage unceasing war until truth shall
be enthroned and sit empress of the world.
Would to God that he had been spared to com-
plete a life of three-score and ten years for
the sake of his country and posterity. When I
think of the good he would have accomplished
had he survived for twenty years, I .can say, in
the language of Fisher Ames, "My heart, pen-
etrated with the remembrance of the man,
grows liquid as I speak, and I could pour it
out like water."
At the portals of his tomb we may bid fare-
well to the faithful Christian in the full assur-
ance that a blessed life awaits him beyond the
grav«. Serenely and trustfully he has passed
from our sight and gone down into the dark
waters.
"So sinks the day-star in the ocean bed,
And yet anon repairs his drooping head,
And tricks his beams and with new-spangled ore.
Flames in the forehead of the morning sky."
From this Hall, where asascholar, statesman,
and orator, he.shone so brightly, he has disap-
peared forever. Never again will he, answer-
ing to the roll-call from this desk, respond for
his country and the rights of man. No more
shall we hear his fervid eloquence in the day
of imminent peril, invoking us, who hold the
mighty power of peace and war, to dedicate
ourselves, if need be, to the sword, but to ac-
cept no end of the conflict save that of abso-
lute triumph for our country. He has gone to
answer the great roll-call above, where the
"brazen throat of war" is voiceless in the
presence of the Prince of Peace. Let us ha-
bitually turn to his recorded words, and gather
wisdom as from the testament of a departed
sage; and since we were witnesses of his tire-
less devotion to the cause of human freedom,
let us direct that'on the monument, which lov-
ing hearts and willing hands will soon erect
over his remains, there shall be deeply engraved
the figure of a bursting shackle, as the emblem
of the faith in which he lived and died.
For the Christian, scholar, statesman, and
orator, all good men are mourners; but what
shall 1 say of that grief which none can share,
the grief of sincere friendship?
Oh! my friend! comforted by the belief that
you, while living, deemed me worthy to be
your companion, and loaded ine with the proofs
of your esteem, I shall fondly treasure, during
my remaining years, the recollection of your
smile and counsel. Lost to me is the strong
arm whereon I have so often leaned; but in
that path, which in time past wo trod most joy-
fully together, I shall continue, as God shall
give me to see my duty, with unfaltering, though
perhaps with unskillful steps, right onward to
the end.
Admiring his brilliant intellect and varied
acquirements, his invincible courage and un-
swerving fortitude, glorying in his good works
and fair renown, but more than all loving the
man, I shall endeavor to assuage the bitterness
of grief by applying to him those words ofproud,
though tearful, satisfaction, from which the
faithful Tacitus drew consolation for the loss
of that noble Roman whom he delighted to
honor:
"Quidquid ex Agrieolaamavimus, quidquid mirati
suuius, manot mansurumqueest, inanimishominum,
in roternitate temporum, fama rerum."
The Public Debt and Specie Payments.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. GARFIELD,
OP OHIO,
In the House or Representatives,
March 16, 1866.
The House having under consideration the bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide ways and
means to support theGovernment," approved March
3.1865—
Mr. GARFIELD said;
Mr. Speaker: After the long and spirited
contest on this bill, I shall do little beyond
making as plain a statement as I can of the
conditions of the great financial problem now
before the country for solution. The bill re-
lates to two leading points in that problem,
namely:
1. To our indebtedness that shall accrue
from time to time in ths course of the next
three years.
2. To our currency and its relation to the
standard of value.
I shall notice these in the order I have
named them.
Several gentlemen have said, during the
progress of this debate, that what might have
been a very proper financial measure in time
of war might be a very dangerous and unne-
cessary one in time of peace; that the vast
powers proposed to be given to the Secretary
of the Treasury in this bill are powers only
justifiable in time of great public danger, as
during the late war.
Now, I beg to remind gentlemen that the
financial problems before this country are be-
coming greater since the war than they were
during its progress. In the midst of the war,
when the blood of the nation was up; when pa-
triotism was aroused, and the people were deter-
mined to put down the rebellion and preserve
the Republic at all hazards; when the last man
and the last dollar were offered a willing sacri-
fice, it was comparatively easy to pass financial
bills and raise millions of money. But now,
whenwe are to gather up all the pledges and
promises of four terrible years, and redeem
them out of the solid resources of the people
in time of peace, the problem is far more diffi-
cult. To solve it successfully requires greater
exertion, and perhaps even greater financial
ability than would be requisite were the war
still raging.
What is the amount of indebtedness to be
met, and when must it be met? To this ques-
tion I invite the carcful and earnest attention
of the House. I shall give the official state-
ment of the amount of our total indebtedness
and also of that portion soon to become due.
The amount of our public debt on the first day
of this month was $2,711,850,000. Less than
half of this amount is funded. Within the next
three years $1,600,000,000 of this debt will fall
due, and will be presented at the counter of the
Treasury Department for payment. That pay-
ment must be promptly madeorourpapergoes
to protest and our credit is broken. I hold in
my hand an official table showing the amount
of our indebtedness that matures during each
half year for the next two years, which, after a
word of explanation, I will read.
There was on the last day of February, 1866,
a portion of our debt in the form of a tempo-
rary loan to the amount of $119,335,194 50,
payable a,t the option of the lender after ten
days' notice. It would hardly be fair to reckon
that whole amount as payable within the first
six months, yet as it may be called for at any
time, and is the least valuable form of loan, it
must be added to the statement of indebted-
ness soon to be met. With this explanation,
and supposing the payment of this loan to be
demanded within the next six months, I call
attention to the facts exhibited in the table.
Between this day and the 30th day of June
next, we must pay, in addition to the regular
expenditure of the Government, $138,674,-
874 82. During the six months ending De-
cember 31, 1866, we must pay $47,665,000.
During the six months ending June 80, 1867,
we must pay $8,471,000. During the six months
ending December 31,1867, we must pay $350,-
000,000. During the six months ending June
30, 1868, we must pay $309,415,250. During
the six months ending December 31, 18G8, we
must pay $287,564,482. So that between this
and the assembling of the next Congress there
must be paid over the counter of the Treasury,
besides the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment, $1,201,890,607 62.
I am sure that every member of this House
acknowledges that this is a sacred obligation,
every dollar of which must be promptly met the
day it is due. I take it for granted that no man
here will consent that a single dollar of it shall
go to protest, or that any act of this House
shall bear the least taint or color of repudiation.
We must, therefore, meet these obligations.
How can it bo done?
Mr. SPALDING. Will my colleague allow
me a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
_ Mr. SPALDING. Does not this amount of
indebtedness thus maturing include the seven-
