3564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jiilv 3,
jion. I do not understand why the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Laflin] should be so
fearful of Agricultural Reports. He seems to
think this will lead to an enormous expense on
the part of the Government, because the plates
are all worn out, and new ones must be made.
After I heard from the gentleman that those
plates were out of order, I called upon Mr.
Newton, the head of the Agricultural Bureau,
and asked him about them. He informed
me that the plates were in good order, and
that all that was required for the printing of
these extra Reports was the necessary paper
for that purpose.
In 1860 the agricultural area of the country
embraced 163,110,720 acres of improved land,
and 244,101,818 acres of land unimproved.
Of course since then a large additional number
of acres have been put under cultivation. As
far as I have been able to ascertain from the
last census, the number of farms in the Uni-
ted States then was 2,428,895; farm laborers,
795,679; total, 3,219,574.
Mr. Speaker, there were printed of the Agri-
cultural Reports for 1864, by order of this House,
twenty-five thousand copies less than in 1863,
and in 1803 twenty-five thousand less than in
1862, as the following statement will show:
38G2  190,000
18tH 105,000
1SG1  1-10,000
And the number allotted to the Agricultural
Department was distributed according to a state-
ment from that Department, as follows:
"Tho number sent to each party decreasing with the
decreased supply granted and the increase of parties
to bo supplied. Tho exact numbeis changing thus,
from time to time only an approximation to the aver-
ago is given: to live thousand and fifty regular agri-
cultural correspondents, from one to two copies each;
to twohundrcdandninetymotoorologicaloorrespond-
ontu, from one to two copies each; to forty-six State
Agricult ural and Horticultural Societies, from ton to
twenty-live copics each; to one thousand and foi ty-
live county Agricultural mid Horticultural Societies,
from ouo 'to ton copies each; to three hundred and
twenty agricultural and daily newspapers, trom one
to two copies each; to threo hundred United States
and foreign consuls and ministers, from ouo to lour
copies each; to President, heads of Departments,
judges of Supreme Court, £c., ftuui one to two copies
each—making an average of from twelve to sixteen
thousand copies to what may bo termed official and
regular recipients.
" The second copy given to tho agricultural and
meteorological correspondents (who perform their
eonstim t and ofttimes arduous duties gratuitously) is
gcneially requested to supply a loss, or for some spe-
cial u-o. So, also, to papers which sometimes liavo
two editois who each desiro a copy."
Why was this deduction made when tho
farmers require them? The gentleman asks,
why do the fanners want these books? It is for
information; and for that purpose this book
is more important than any other document
printed by Congress. Now, who pays the cost
of these books? It is paid by the people who
ask lor them; and the sum required is but
small.
Mow, every time the gentleman gets up hero
about printing he calls for reform. And he
advocates reform for what and against whom?
Reform against the farmers? He objects to
giving them these books, and says they can
;_;et, I do not recollect how many, newspapers
for the amount these books will cost tho Gov-
ernment. But they do not want the newspa-
pers. and they do want these books. These
books are prepared under the direction of a
bureau established by the Government, and
contain important information which the farm-
ers of the country have a right to demand of
their Representatives.
Why does tho gentleman call ^pt loudly for
reform, when it is made to apply only to farm-
ers? Some time ago the gentleman said to
this House that for the printing of the Gov-
ernment it required one thirteenth of all the
paper produced in the United States. But that
is not for the purpose of printing these Agri-
cultural Reports, but for other printing. And
there is another reason why we should print
these Reports of 1864. The gentleman must
recollect that there are eleven States which
have been in rebellion, the people of which for
the last four years have not been able to obtain
these Reports. They are now resuming agri-
cultural pursuits, and demand their share of
these Agricultural Reports, and they are enti-
tled to them. The interests of agriculture are
now being greatly developed there by those
who have for years past been engaged in
pursuits of war, who are turning their atten-
tion to cultivating the soil, and will you not
give them this information? It is what the
people have a right to ask. But the gentle-
man says, no, we must retrench. Retrench
on what? Why. on Agricultural Reports. I
repeat, there is no side of the House on this
question. The gentleman talks about the other
side wanting to print Agricultural Reports. I
admire the courage of the other side of the
House in standing up for the farmer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, it was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL called for the regular order.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER announced as the regular
order the bill (S. No. 343) to quiet land titles
in California, reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, Mr. Julian being entitled to the
floor.
The bill provides in the first section that in
all cases where the State of California has here-
tofore made selections of any portion of the
public domain, in part satisfaction of any grant
made to the State by any aet of Congress, and
has disposed of the same to purchasers in good
faith under her laws, the lands so selected shall
be confirmed to the State. No selection made
by the State contrary to existing laws is to be
confirmed for lands to which any adverse pre-
emption, homestead, or other right has, at the
date of tho passage of tho act, been acquired
by any settler under the laws of the United
States, or to any lands which have been re-
served for naval, military, or Indian purposes
by the United States, or to any mineral land,
or to any land which, at the time of the pas-
sage of the act, was included within the limits
of any city, town, or village, or within the county
of San Francisco. The State of California is
not to receive under this act a greater quantity
of land for school or improvement purposes
than she is entitled to by law.
The second section provides that where tho
selections named in section one have been
made upon land which has been surveyed by
authority of the United States it shall be the
duty of the proper authorities of tho State,
where Ihe same has not already been done, to
notify the register of the United States land
office for the district in which the land is located
of such selection, which notice shall be regarded
as the date of the State selection, and the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall,
immediately after the passage of this act, in-
struct the several local registers to forward to
the General Land Office, after investigation and
decision, all such selections, which, if found to
be in accordance with section one, the Com-
missioner shall certify over to the State in the
usual maimer.
The third section enacts that where the selec-
tions named in section one have been made
from lands which have not been surveyed by
authority of the United States, but which selec-
tions have been surveyed by authority of and
under the laws of the State, and the land sold
to purchasers in good faith under the laws of
the State, such selections shall, from the date
of the passage of this act, when marked off and
designated in the field, have the same force and
effect as the preemption rights of a settler upon
unsurveyed public land; and if, upon survey
of such lands by the United States, the lines
of the two surveys shall be found not to agree,
the selection shall be so changed as to include
those legal subdivisions which nearest conform
to the identical land included in the State sur-
vey and selection. Upon the filing with the
register of the proper United States land office
of the township plat in which any such selection
of unsurveyed land is located, the holder of the
State title is to be allowed the same time to
present and prove up his purchase and claim
under this aet as is allowed preemptors under
existing laws; and if found in accordance with
section one of this act, the land embraced
therein shall be certified over to the_ State, by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The fourth section provides that in all cases
where township surveys have been or shall
hereafter be made under authority of the Uni-
ted States, and the plats thereof approved, it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to certify over to the State
of California, as swamp and overflowed, all the
lands represented as such, upon such approved
plats, within one year from the passage of this
act, or within one year from the return and
approval of such township plats. The Com-
missioner is to direct the United States sur-
veyor general for the State of California to
examine the segregation maps and surveys of
the swamp and overflowed lands made by the
State; and where he shall find them to conform
to the system of surveys adopted by the United
States, "he shall construct and approve town-
ship plats accordingly, and forward to the Gen-
eral Land Office for approval. But. in segre-
gating large bodies of land, notoriously and
obviously swamp and overflowed, it shall not
be necessary to subdivide the same, but to run
the exterior lines of such body of land. In
case such State surveys are found not to bo in
accordance with the system of United States
surveys, and in such other townships as no sur-
vey has been made by the United States, the
Commissioner shall direct the surveyor general
to make segregation surveys, upon application
to the surveyor general by the Governor of tho
State, within one year of such application, of
all the swamp and overflowed land in such
townships, and to report the same to the Gen-
eral Land Office, representing and describing
what land was swamp and overflowed under the
grant, according to the best evidence he can
obtain. If the authorities of the State shall
claim as swamp and overflowed any land not
represented as such upon the maps or in the
returns of the surveyors, the character of such
land at the date of the grant, September 28,
1850, and the right to the same, shall be deter-
mined by testimony, to be taken before the
surveyor general, who shall decide the same,
subject to the approval of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
The fifth section proposes to enact that it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the
General Laud Office to instruct the officers of
the local land offices and tho surveyor general,
immediately after the passage of this aet, to
forward lists of all selections made by the State
referred to in section one, and lists and maps
of ail swamp and overflowed lands claimed by
the State, or surveyed as provided in this act,
for final disposition and determination, which
final disposition shall bo made by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office without
delay.
The sixth section enacts that an act entitled
"An aet to provide for the survey of the pub-
lic lands in California, the granting of pre-
emption rights therein, and for other purposes,''
approved March 3, 1853, shall be construed as
giving the State of California the right, to select
for school purposes other lands in lieu of such
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections as were set-
tled upon prior to survey, reserved for public
uses, covered by grants made under Spanish
or Mexican authority, orby other private claims^
or where such sections would be so covered if
the lines of the public sut veys were extended
over such lands, which shall be determined
whenever township lines shall have been ex-
tended over such land, and in case of Spanish
or Mexican grants, when the final survey of
such grants shall have been made. The sur-
veyor general for the State of California is to
furnish the State authorities with lists of all such
sections so covered, as a basis of selection, such
