1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
260t
snid deed, upon payment to the purchaser, or, in ease
he cannot be found in the county where the lands are
situate, to tho collector, for the use ot the purchaser,
his heirs, or assigns, of tho amount paid by tho pur-
chaser, with interest on the same atthe rate of twenty
per cent, per annum. And it shall bo the duty of every
collector to keep a record of all sales ol land made m
his collection district.whether by himself or his dep-
uties, in whioh shall be set forth tho tax for whioh
any such sale was made, the dates of seizure and
sale, the name of the party assessed, and all pro-
ceedings in making said sale, the amount of fees and
expenses, tho name of tho purchaser,.and the date of
the deed; which record shall be certified by the offi-
cer making tho sale. And it shall be the duty of any
deputy making sale, as aforesaid, to return a state-
ment of all his proceedings to the collector, and to
coitify the record thereof. And in case of tho death
or removal of tho collector, or the expiration of his
term of office from any other cause, said record shall
be delivered to his successor in office; and a copy of
every such record, certified by the collector, shall bo
evidence in any court of the truth of the facts therein
stated. And when any lands sold, as aforesaid, shall
be redeemed a.s hereinbefore provided, the collector
shall make an entry of the fact upon the record afore-
said, and the said entry shall be evidence of such re-
demption. And when any property, personal or real,
seized and sold by virtue of the foregoing provisions
shall not be sufficient to satisfy the claim of the Uni-
ted States tor which distraint or seizure may bo made
against any person whose property maybe so seized
and sold, the col I ector may, thereafter, and as often as
the same may bo necessary, proceed to scizoand sell,
in like manner, any other property liable to seizure
of such person until the amount duo from him, to-
gether with all expenses, shall bo fully paid.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I pi-opose to offer a sub-
stitute for this entire paragraph. And as it is
an important and lengthy substitute, in order
that, tho Committee of Ways and Means may
have lime to consider it, I would propose that
this section be passed over for the present, by
unanimous consent; and when the committee
rises, I will ask leave to have my substitute
printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to
passing from this paragraph before it is finally
acted upon. But I have some amendments I
desire to offer to it, in order to perfect it, be-
fore the question shall be taken upon the sub-
stitute of which the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benjamin] gives notice.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word " chattels," near the beginning of the
paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In the sentence which now
reads, "at the time and place appointed, the
officer making such seizure shall proceed to
sell the said estate at public auction, offering
the same at the minimum price, including the
expense of making such levy, and all charges
for advertising, and an officer's fee of ten dol-
lars," I move to change the word "the" to
tho word "a," before the words "minimum
price."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. After tho words "with
interest thereon at the rate of twenty per cent,
per annum" I move to insert the following;
And said collector shall forthwith deposit the same
separately in the Treasury of the United States, to
bo thereafter subject to like provision as provided
in the preceding section of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend this por-
tion of the paragraph by striking out the word
■" twenty," and inserting the word "ten,"
before the words " per cent, per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr; WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
amend the clause which now reads, "shall
have the liberty to redeem the land sold as
aforesaid, within one year from and after re-
cording the said deed," by striking out the
words "one year" and inserting the words
"two years," so as to make this provision
accord with our tax laws in the West, which
permit redemption within two years, instead
of within one year only.
Mr. MORRILL. The House has just adopted
an amendment to this sentence reducing the
rate of interest to be paid when this property
is redeemed from twenty to ten per cent. That
amendment, I think, will of itself go far to
prevent any property from being sold under
this act, for nobody will want to purchase prop-
erty under circumstances when it will very
likely turn out, no purchase at all, and the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Washburn] is going still further in the same
direction. One year is certainly long enough,
as long as is generally allowed by States, for the
redemption of such property. And therefore
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana will not be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. My expe-
rience goes to show that in all States where
land becomes liable to sale for taxes, two years
is little enough time to allow for its redemp-
tion. A tax sale is a very oppressive sale at
the best; whether ten per cent, interest upon
redemption is enough or not is another ques-
tion. But the deed being given within five
days of tho sale, the allowing but one year
for redemption cuts off almost all chance
for redemption. I think two years is little
enough time, and I hope my amendment will
be adopted.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 25, noes 33; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn
of Indiana, and Mr. Garfield were appointed.
The Committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 47, noes 48.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TIIAYER. In the clause which now
reads, "if the. amount bid shall be then and
there paid, tho officer shall give his receipt
therefor, if requested, and within five days
thereafter lie shall make out a deed of the
estate so sold to tho purchaser thereof and
execute the same in his official capacity," &c.,
after the word " execute" T move to insertthc
words "and acknowledge." In a subsequent
portion of this paragraph it is taken for granted
that the deed is to be recorded. Of course, in
order to be recorded it must bo acknowledged
or proved in some manner. The effect of my
amendment is to require the officer to acknowl-
edge the deed as well as to execute it.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to amend this sen-
tence, near the commencement of this para-
graph, "and the said officer shall also cause
a notification to the same effect to be published
in some newspaper," &c., by inserting before
the word "cause" tho words, " at least twenty-
days prior to such sale." As the paragraph
now stands, no time is fixed within which this
notification is to be published.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to strike out the
words "shall also cause a like notice," in an-
other portion of the same sentence which
now reads "and shall cause alike notice to bo
posted up atthe post office nearest to the estate
to be seized."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to insert, near
the commencement of the paragraph, after the
words "authorized to collect the same by
seizure and sale of real estate," the words
"belonging to the person owing tho tax."
Mr. MORRILL. That amendment would
interfere with the enforcement of the law in
regard to distilleries, which may now be seized
and sold, whether the real estate belongs to the
person owing the tax or not, if it is allowed to
be used for illegal purposes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will withdraw
that amendment.
I move to insert tho words "in which the
real estate to bo sold is situate" after the sen-
tence "and tho said officer shall also, at least
twenty days prior to such sale, cause a notifi-
cation to the same effect to be published in
some newspaper within the county where such
seizure is made, if any such there be, and to
be posted up at the post office nearest to the
estate to be seized, and in two other public
places within the county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mf. BENJAMIN. I move to insert after the
words " shall proceed to sell the real estate"
the words "or so much thereof as piay be
necessary."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words "including affidavits showing
the due service, publication, and posting of
the notice of sale, as herein provided," before
tho words "the amount of fees and expenses,"
in the sentence which now roads, "and it shall
be the duty of every collector to keep a record
of all sales of land made in his collection dis-
trict, whether by himself or his deputies, in
which shall be set forth the tax for which any
such sale was made, the dates of seizure and
sale, the name of the party assessed, and all
proceedings in making said sale, the amount
of fees and expenses, the name of the pur-
chaser, and the date of the deed ; whioh record
shall be certified by the officer making the
sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the following sentence: " and in case
the real estate so seized, as aforesaid, shall
consist of several distinct tracts or parcels the
officer making sale thereof shall offer each
tract or parcel for sale separately, and shall,
if ho deem it advisable, apportion the expenses,
charges, and fees aforesaid to such several
tracts or parcels, or to any of them, in esti-
mating the minimum price aforesaid." I move
to insert after the words "distinct tracts or
parcels" the words "or can be divided with
benefit to- the debtor or his creditors without
detriment to tho United States."
I offer this amendment for the reason (hat
according to the general terms of this bill it
might be held that a farm conveyed to its pres-
ent occupant under one title, although capable
of subdivision, must all be sold by the officer;
that tho whole farm must be sold unless it
came from different parties, or was in distinctly
marked tracts or parcels. The amendment I
propose will give the officer the discretionary
power to sell only a portion of the farm, to be
subdivided in such manner as might not injure
the Government, and yet benefit the other
parties interested in the estate.
Mr. HOOPER, ofMassathusetts. An amend-
ment has already been adopted which I think
accomplishes what the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] desires. The words, "or
so much thereof as may be necessary," have
been inserted after the words " shall proceed
to sell tho real estate."
Mr. DAVIS. I offered my amendment to
carry out the idea of the gentleman who offered
that amendment. The bill now says that this
real estate shall be sold, each tract or parcel
separately, if it shall consist of several distinct
tracts or parcels. But tho amendment of the
gentlem an from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin ] would
not authorize the officer making tho sale to go
oft' and subdivide any tract or parcel, and for
that reason I have offered my amendment.
ilr. MORRILL. If the gentleman deems
his amendment important, I would suggest to
him to insert after the words "shall offer caeli
tract or parcel for sale separately," the words
"or any portion thereof."
Mr. DAVIS. I accept that in lieu of the
amendment I have offered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOAN. I move the amendment I send
up to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk road as follows:
Amend by striking out the following:
If the amount bid shall be then and there paid,
the officer shall give liisreceiptthnrefor, if requested,
and within five days thereafter he shall make out a
deed of tho estate so sold to the purchaser thereof,
and oxecute the same in his official capacity, in too
manner prescribedby the laws of the Statenn wnien
said estate may be situated, in which said deed shall
bo recited the fact of said seizure and sale, with the
cause thereof, the amount of tax or duty for which
said sale was made, and of all charges and sees, ana
the amount paid by the purchaser, and ajl his acts
and doings in relation to said seizure and saJc, and
shall have the same ready for delivery to saia pur-
chaser, and shall deliver the same accordingly, upon
reouest therefor. And said deed shall, be prima/acta
evidence of the truth of the faots stated therein, and,
