1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
relief I wish to say we must look to the im-
provement of the rapids of the Mississippi river
and Rock river, and that the public interest
will demand just and liberal appropriations by
Congress for that purpose. But there is a mat-
ter in this connection to which I wish to call
the attention of my colleague [Mr. Harding]
and of the House. It is the obstruction of the
navigation of the Mississippi river by building
railroad bridges across that river, which fear-
fully impede and obstruct its navigation, and
which make ourpeople more and more subject
to the extortions of the railroads. The two
bridges already built have proved great and
serious impediments to the free navigation of
the river, and added to the cost of the trans-
portation of what they have had to send to
market. If the Mississippi can be closed up or
obstructed, our farmers will have to seek their
markets over the railroads, with their frightful
rales of freight, consuming their hard earnings.
I allude to this now, to saytliat this question of
obstructing this river by bridges is becoming a
very important one, as many bridges are pro-
posed to be built. There is already a bill be-
fore Congress to legalize and make a post route
of one of "these bridges recently completed at
Clinton, Eowa, which has proved a great ob-
struction to the free navigation of the river, and
when the time comes, if the bill ever gets favor-
ably reported upon, I shall appeal to the House
in the interests of the people in the valley of
the Mississippi, to protect the great natural
channels of communication from obstruction
and impediment created by these bridges. I
wish to be understood as not being opposed to
bridging the river at any point, if it can be done
without interfering to any extent with the free
navigation of the stream, but the bridges al-
ready built do interfere, and no more such can
be permitted to be built.
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. I accord in the
remarks of my colleague in relation to the ob-
structions of the railroads.
Mr. ELIOT. I must now demand the regu-
lar order of business.
The Committee on Agriculture was then dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
resolution, and it was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
NATIONAL MILITARY AND NAVAL ASYLUM.
Mr. SCHENCK. At the last Congress a
law was passed chartering a military and naval
asylum for invalid soldiers and sailors. It was
found impossible, from the great number of cor-
porators named in the bill, after three or four
attempts made, to get together a quorum of
them so as to organize and establish the cor-
poration under the law. The Senate has passed
a bill, (S. No. 54,) which is now upon the
Speaker's table, amending the charter in sucii
way as to enable them to go on and elect a board
of directors. It becomes important that they
should be enabled to do so, that they may ob-
tain the title to property which will probably be
offered to the corporation. I therefore ask that
the bill may be taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
airs.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No. 54)
to amend an act entitled "An act to incorpo-
rate a national military and naval asylum for the
relief of the totally disabled officers and men
of the volunteer forces of the United States,"
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
REGISTRY OP VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT called for the special order.
The House accordingly resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 204, to regulate
further the registering of vessels.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
no ship or vessel which has been recorded or
registered as an American vessel pursuant to
law, and which shall have been licensed or
otherwise authorized to sail under a foreign flag
or tin,1 protection of a foreign Government driv-
ing the existence of the rebellion, shall lie
deemed or registered as an American vessel,
or shall have the rights and privileges of Amer-
ican vessels, except under an act of Congress
authorizing such registry.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
55, noes 56.
Mr. GARFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Elioj? and
Boyek were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 71, noes 60.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; which was upon
ordering thebillto be engrossed and read a third
■time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. SPALDING called for Wie yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say a few
words upon this bill before a vote is taken upon
its passage.
Mr. SPALDING-. Is it in order to offer an
amendment now?
The SPEAKER. Not after the engrossment
of the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. Will my colleague [Mr.
Garfield] yield me a few moments of his
time before lie takes his seat?
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 will do so.
Mr. SPALDING. I want but five minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD'. Mr. Speaker, without hav-
ing examined carefully into the navigation laws
of this country, I have looked enough into them
to be satislied of one or two things, which I de-
sire to suggest to this House before the vote is
taken upon the passage of .this bill.
In the first p!ac\ we have navigation laws
borrowed from those monuments of tyranny,
the navigation laws of Great Britain, which
more than any other laws ever enacted by the
Parliament of Great Britain were the cause of
the American Revolution. Among other feat-
ures of our navigation laws is one that forbids
the baying a vessel from a foreign country and
sailing it under our flag, if it is a foreign bot-
tom, no matter bow cheap we may purchase
it, or under what circumstances we may obtain
it. Unless we ourselves lay out upon it more
in value than the original value of building the
bottom abroad, we cannot sail it under the
American Hag. That, of course, shuts out all
foreign-built vessel^,however valuable they may
be at any time. But 1 am uot discussing that
now, mu will I enter into a consideration of
that subject at this time.
Out the question now under consideration is
this: during this great war, when we were un-
able to protcct our shipping on the high seas,
to protect our ships sailing under our flag/there
were many patriotic American citizens who sim-
ply registered their vessels for sailing under a
foreign flag, that tlicy might carry on their com-
merce without having their property destroyed
by the pirates infesting the seas. Now, when
eight hundred thousand tons of American ship-
ping have thus been transferred by registry or
by .sale to a foreign flag, it is proposed that none
of it shall ever be returned except by express
act of Congress. One fifth of our entire mer-
chant marine has left us, and by this bill all that
will be excluded from our merchant service
entirely.
Now, one gentleman who has spoken upon
this question has spoken of these vessels as de-
serters in the same way precisely as we speak
of deserters from our Army. I care far more
about our tonnage on the sea than I care about
the individual shipper who took a register under
a foreign flag. It is not a question now with me
what the status of the shipper himself may be.
I do not propose to injure all the interests of
our merchant marine for the purpose of spiting
a few ol'our speculators. It seems to me it would
show a great want of proper policy on our part
to do so.
Mr. LTN CH. Will the gentleman allow
to interrupt him a moment
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr.TjYNCH. What I did say was this: that
it would be very impolitic for any Government
to encourage the desertion of its citizens with
their property during a period of war, those cit-
izens identifying their interests For the time
being with the interests of ffae enemy. Mj
remarks had no reference whatever to u skip-
pers. " I did say, and I now repeat, that e^ery
man who during the war put his vessel under a
foreign flag identified his interests with those
of the foreigners who were assisting in the de-
struction of our commerce; and if we encour-
age such desertion, and pay a premium upon
it, some of our citizens will- always desert us
with their property in time of war. I hold that
we should not give encouragement to conduct
of this sort.
Mr. GARFIELD. ^,Mr. Speaker, if in time
of war I own a piece of property which I can-
not keep safely in this country, and the keep-
ing of which will ruin me pecuniarily, I ask
whether the Congress of my country should
prohibit me from selling that property to for-
eigners, or if I have sold it, prohibit jne from
repurchasing it and using it here in my coun-
try where I first acquired that property. If I
sell to a Canadian or any other foreigner an
engine which I own, and which I have used per-
haps to operate a saw-mill on the Ohio, is it
right that I should be prohibited from repur-
chasing that engine by and by, and using it in
this country? Now, sir, this bill proposes that,
whenever an American vessel shall liave been
sold to a foreigner, or even registered to sail
under a foreign flag, such vessel shall never be
permitted to reenter our service without spe-
cial authority from Congress.
Mr. STEVEN'S. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man whether this bill is to operate upon bona
fide sales, or onlv upon such as are simulated.
Mr. GARFIELD. [1 covers,I understand,
ail sales, bona, fide, as well as simulated.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman will yield to
mo for a moment, I think I can show that he
misapprehends entirely the provisions of this
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ELIOT. This bill does not refer to sales
of vessels at all, neither sham sales nor bona
fide, sales. It only covers a class of cases
where American ship-owners have obtained for
their vessels the protection of foreign Powers,
have procured permits or licenses from foreign
Governments, thus waiving the benefit of their
own flag for the sake of securing the protection
of foreign Powers. The bill provides that in
such cases the vessel shall no longer be deemed
an American vessel, unless the party interested
can satisfy Congress that the vessel ought to be
granted an American register.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the case as
the gentleman states it is all the worse for his
cause. He says that the bill does not apply to
a case where a vessel was sold, alienated, to a
foreigner, but merely to cases where vessels
were registered to sail under a foreign flag which
could protect them. What the owners in the
latter eases did is not near]} so bad as the act
of those who alienated their vessels to foreign-
ers. I say that the owner of a vessel, if our
flag cannot protect it, ought to be entitled to
register his vessel under a flag that can protect
it: and when we are again able to protect it, I
am in favor, if not for his sake, at least for the
sake of the merchant service, of allowing his
vessel to come back and sail under our flag, and
thus increasing our tonnage.
I maintain that this question is a matter of
tonnage, and not of men. I am in favor of the
amendment suggested by my colleague, [Mr.
Spajdixg,] that all these cases be referred to
the Secretary of the Treasury, who may look
into the question of the loyalty of the owner, and
that, if he be a loyal man, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be authorized to reregister his
vessel. I would be the last man to grant any favor
to a rebel: but! would grant favors to the Ameri-
can merchant service. 1 would increase crar
