1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
• orable S'enator from Delaware, I see that the
action taken here on Friday afternoon has been,
at least by him, in my judgment, misunder-
stood. I understood the honorable Senator to
say that ou Fiiday, after the roll hud been
called and after the name of the Senator from
Now Jersey had been called and he had voted,
an objection was made, and that after the ob-
jection the Chair decided in substance that the
Senator had a right to vote : and he urged that
after that had occurred it was too late, in his
judgment, to amend the Journal in the manner
now proposed. The honorable Senator from
Delaware is mistaken entirely in regard to
what occurred at that time, and in order that
I may be quite right ill regard to it I will read
from the Globe ot'Saturday morning the record
of what was said at the time :
"Mr. Nyij. Itis proper for me, beina a new raem-
bd here, to inquire whether upon a question of this
kind tile peison claiming the seat is entitled to a
vote according to the rules of this body."
That is certainly not an objection to the vote
of the honorable Senator from New Jersey, it
does not by any means make objection, but it
proposes an inquiry, and that js all. To that,
this was answered:
"The Pnixmrx r rn'o tnnpor . There is no rule
of the Senate upon the question, and the Chair lias
not the prerogative of settling any question of the
kind except to hold that the name of every Senator
(in the list may be eatied, and it is the in'iviiegeof
every person whose name is on the list to have his
voteleeorded."
That is not, in my judgment, deciding that
the Senator from New Jersey had a right to
vote. On the contrary, it expressly excludes,
in the opinion of the individual who then held
the Chair, that it was the prerogative of the
Chair to decide that question, and holds that
the only duty of the Chair was that the list
should be called through, and that he had no
option but to have it called through. It, cer-
tainly was not the prerogative of the Chair to
direct the Seereta v to strike off one or another
name, and that is all that occurred. 1 wished
simply to make this explanation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 wish to say to the
honorable Senator from Connecticut that in
any remarks I made 1 did not wish to reflect,
or mean to be understood as reflecting, on the
President of the Senate, lie is the last man
I know in this body or anywhere else that I
would reflect upon by any remarks of mine.
I certainly did not wish to be understood as
making any reflection on the President of the
Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not, by any means,
understand the Senator as reflecting on any
one. but as stating a fact, which was of course
as he believed the fact to be, but not the fact
as it appears on the record. I did not by any
means mean to be understood as that 1 con-
sidered it a reflection.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President. 1 rise to
withdraw my vote, with the permission of the
Senate, and 1 am exceedingly anxious that I
shall make my position in doing so perfectly
clear. At the moment that I voted 011 the res-
olution of the Judiciary Committee noman had
questioned my right to vote in this body when
my name was called, from the moment I en-
tered the Chamber, upon any subject what-
ever. I had been, 011 the contraiv, told by
Bepubliean as well as Democratic Senators, by
gentiemen of different polities, that in their
opinion 1 was entitled to vote. None of them
with whom 1 spoke 011 the subject had exam-
ined that matter particularly. The question ot
the validly of that vote never crossed my mind.
I believe to-day, I believe this moment, that
that vote was a valid vote under the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, the vote being valid
according to my judgment, that being beyond
question, it was my duty, as I explained this
morning, to overcome all scruples of delicacy
in order that New Jersey should be represented
properly, whatever gentlemen "might think of
my delicacy on the subject. l>ut the discis-
sion to-day has exhibited to me tile1 fact that
there arc in the minds of the ablest lawyers in
the Senate, in the mind of the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, grave
doubts as to the constitutionality of the vote. I
do not propose to keep my seat in this body by
an unconstitutional vote or by an illegal vote.
That was not the proposition upon wliich I
voted. I desire tflat question to be examined
carefully. I should like the Judiciary Commit-
tee, of which the distinguished Senator from
Illinois is chairman, to examine it. I there-
fore withdraw my vote, and request some gen-
tleman to offer a resolution that the Judiciary
Committee be instructed to examine into the
question before I am again called upon to vote
in this ease.
Mr. Sl'MNER. Can the Senator at this
day withdraw his vote?
ThePRESIDINO 0FFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The Chair is of opinion that he cannot, unless
by the unanimous consent of the Senate he
wishes to correct the Journal.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senate refuse fo
consent to let him withdraw his vote then his
vote stands and he is a Senator. I submit to
the Senate whether, if they think the vote is
illegal and the resolution be passed in conse-
quence of that vote, they ought to suffer him to
withdraw it; but certainly if they refuse to
allow him to withdraw it there it stands, and it
stands to have the same effect as my vote ; and
if it stands, that vote, with the other votes, de-
cides that he is a Senator of the United States
now.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. It is entirely contrary
to the rule. The Senator cannot withdraw his
vote at all, as I understand, after the vote has
been declared, even by the unanimous consent
of the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. He can consent to your strik-
ing it off. which is the same thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICE!?. The Chair
does not mean to be understood as saying that
the Senator may withdraw the vote in such a
manner as to strike it out, but the Journal
might be corrected as he desires.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amounts to pre-
cisely the same thing. My own judgment is,
that the proper mode to reach this matter would
he by some gentleman moving a reconsidera-
tion of the resolution adopted on Friday, and
then we could settle that question free from
any embarrassment, if we desire to settle it
forever in the Senate hereafter by making a
precedent. Several gentlemen who voted for
the resolution have expressed the opinion that'
that vote ought uot to ha\e been given and
consequently tlie resolution ought not to have
i' been declared adopted. If they are of that
opinion, any one of those gentlemen can with
perfect propriety move a reconsideration and
vote for a reconsideration in order that the
question may stand before the Senate as it did
before the vote was taken, and then the ques-
tion can be properly settled. I hope that course
will be taken. 1 do not propose to argue it.
I think that will relieve the question of a great
deal of diflicultv. because if the vote of the
Senator from New Jersey was withdrawn, it
would then stand twenty to twenty, and it would
be hard to tell who voted in the majority in
such a case, or who should move a reconsider-
ation. if any one was disposed to move a re-
consideration. The resolution standingadopted
on the records, if the Senate proceed to order
the .lournaLto be corrected, it would raise
questions whether they were not acting rather
unfairly or without deference to the rights of
the Senator; but if the vote adopting the res-
olution is reconsidered, it settles all that, be-
cause the majority have a right, to reconsider
it if they see tit. I hope that course will be
taken instead of the other.
Mr. POLAND. I was one of those who
voted in favor of the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary and in favor of the
right of the Senator from New Jersey to hold
his seat, having been one of the committee who
reported that resolution ; and I 1W1' think, as
I thought in giving that vote 011 Friday, that the
Senator from New Jersey was legally elected;
hut, sir, I am equally clear that he himself had
no right to vote 011 that question. The law
regards the right to an office as a species of
property. A man is entitled to maintain an
action at law, if he is deprived of the proper
induction into office, for the purpose of secur-
ing himself the place. He is entitled to main-
tain an action against a man, if he deprives
him of an office whereby he loses the profits
of i t. A man may be entitled to maintain an
action for a slander 01- libel in consequence of
which lie is deprived of obtaining an office. In
everyway almost the law regards an office as
a species of property, so that il is regarded as
a legal, pecuniary interest that a man is enti-
tled to in the office. I feel perfectly clear, there-
fore, that upon the decision of this question the
Senator from New Jersey himself had no right
to vote; that he was legally interested in the
question ; and as this resolution was passed by
his vote—it required his vote to make the ma-
jority by which i t was passed—I am ready if this
proposition be withdrawn, or in any state of
the question where it may be necessary to have
a reconsideration moved for the purpose of
bringing the subject again before the Senate
and having it properly debated, to move that
reconsideration.
Mr. SUllNER. I understand the Senator
from Vermont declares his willingness to move
a reconsideration. Of course that motion must
be made to-day aceordingto our rules. I have
already stated that the motion that I brought
forward was partly conceived with the idea of
accomplishing wdiat the Senator, by his motion
to reconsider, proposes to accomplish, but which
I was not in a condition to attain. I could not
make a motion to reconsider, but at the same
time I have already said that I did conceive
that it would be better if the Senate by a simi-
lar vote rectified their Journal. But Senators
about me, 1 see, are disposed to meet the ques-
tion in another form. The Senator from Maine
prefers the form that is proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, and other Senators with
whom I have conferred prefer that form, and
I certainly shall not stand in the way of their
desires.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from Massachusetts a question. He
desires to have a vote on this question. I think
we ought to have a vote. Suppose the motion
to reconsider should prevail and the question
should- again come up-011 the adoption of the
resolution and Mr. Stockton should not vote,
| is the question settled? Not at all. Suppose
j lie should vote, can you raise the point then,
] pending the vote? Not at all. His name is
| called. At the conclusion of the roll-call, when
I the vote is announced by the Chair, you may
insist that the Chair is in error in announcing
the vote in that way and you might possibly
raise the question in that way. But you have
the question raised now just as well. If yon
4esire the judgment of the Senate 011 the right
f the Senator to vote in his own case you have
the question in as good a form now as you can
ever have it.
Mr, SUMNER. I would ask my friend if
we should not meet it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to meet it.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask him if we might not
mcc-t it in this way; previous to the call of the
roll let a Senator move that the name of Mr.
Stockton on that occasion be omitted. That
would meet the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. In a very indirect way.
.It would be presuming that, he would undertake
to vote when according to jour claim he has
110 right to vote.
Mr. SUMNER. lie certainly has 110 right
to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then you presume that
he would claim to exercise a right which you
say he has not.
Mr. SUMNER. Simply because he has un-
dertaken to exercise it once.
Mr. SHERMAN. Vfe come back after all
to the same difficulty. If he exercises the right
to vote, it is in the power of the Senate to ex-
press an opinion as to whether that \ote is
legally recorded. You have that question now
before you. You have the record for the fir- t
