3566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that the letter be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"San Francisco, California, June 2, I860.
"Dear Sie : We have just received Senate file 203,
a bill to quiet land titles in the State of California,
introduced bySenator Conness, with the amendment
reported by Mr. Hendricks on the 20th of April last.
"The bill as originally reported by Mr. Conness is
objectionable, as it is only asked for by speculators
and land-grabbers, a largo share of whom are foreign
capitalists, but the amendment as reported by Mr.
Hendricks, if it should become a law, would be a
most wicked enactment, as it would drive off thou-
sands of honest settlers from their homes who have
settled on the public lands of the United States in
this State on which the speculators had previously
located their school-land-warrants before survey,
which locations had been set aside by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Offioo as illegal."
Mr. HIGBY. I object to the reading of
this letter. It is not pertinent to the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. IIIGBY. I am not mistaken.
Mr. JULIAN. It applies to the very ob-
jections that are embodied in the bill before
the House.
Mr. HIGBY. I am not mistaken ; it is only
a waste of time to read it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
has spoken beyond the limits of the rules of
debate on the question of postponement, but
if the gentleman insists upon the point the
Chair will rale upon it.
Mr. IIIGBY. I withdraw it.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
letter, as follows:
" Encouraged by the decisions of the Commissioner
with regard to the invalidity of such locations and
State selections (mado beiore survey) the settlers
went on under the general preemption laws, and
thousands of them have proved up their claims be-
fore the local land offices, a largo sharo of whom
have already paid the Government for their land
and mado valuable improvements, supposing Con-
gress would not interest themselves so much in be-
half of speculators as to pass laws which would ena-
ble tho hind monopolists to rob them of their all.
Others again have more recently mado settlements
on the public lands, and who iiavo moro recently
inndoproof of settlementandeultivatioii, andwhoso
claims are now pending beiore tile Fiamldepartment
at Washington for adjudication. I know that this
wicked and monstrous proposition as contained in
IIendriok's amendment has many advocates in
Washington; among them Government and Stato
government officials, all interested in behalf of the
capitalists and speculators.
" The amendment of Hendricks liasheen received
with surprise and indignation, no one dreaming that
any man in Congress would bo baso enough to rob
thousands of honest settlers of their rights to a home
on tho Government land of the United States."
The SPEAKER. That is a reflection upon
a member of Congress in the other branch, and
it is so offensive that it ought not to be read
in tlic House. Although the point of order is
not made, yet as no Senator can interpose to
protect himself against such imputations here,
the Chair goes beyond his usual practice and
rules that it is not proper to be read.
Mr. JULIAN. I did not intend to ask for
anything to be read in violation of the rules.
A portion of that letter is certainly pertinent.
I had not noticed the character of the words
last read.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be found in.
the Manual. Reflections are not allowable in
one branch on members of the other branch
of the legislative departrneut of the Govern-
ment. A purl of this" letter relating to the
bill might bo allowed in the range of general
debate, although it would then go beyond the
legitimate rule of debate on a motion to post-
pone.
Mr. BIDWELL. I regret exceedingly, as one
of the Representatives of the State of Califor-
nia, that my privileges and my rights should be
attempted to be subverted here by anonymous
communications and by newspaper articles
which contain neither facts nor reason, and by
statements from the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands calculated to mislead this
House. As a delegation we have been put off
until almost the close of the session, when we
are brought to the consideration of the merits
of the most important bills ever proposed in
this body for the benefit of the Pacific coast.
And now 1 think it is doing us the most rank
injustice to consume almost the entire morning
hour reading slanderous communications, false
in every utterance, and thus waste the hour at
last given to our State for this important meas-
ure. For what purpose are these statements
made ? For the avowed purpose of defeating
this bill—a'bill which the committee passed
upon unanimously.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not yield the floor for
that style of argument. I wish to say in reply
that the gentleman is totally mistaken in assert-
ing that my design or purpose is to defeat this
bill. I have no such purpose whatever in view.
As I have intimated before it is a question of
indifference to me whether the House postpones
this bill until December, or determines to pass
upon it now. If the House has the leisure and
inclination to consider it at present, I have no
objection. I have no purpose of hostility to the
measure, but I thought it due to myself and to
this House, having reported that bill, and hav-
ing since received information from respectable
sources, so conceded by my friend from Cali-
fornia, to state as I have done the facts that
have come to my knowledge, leaving it for the
House to determine the course it would pursue.
Let me say another thing. The gentleman
from California has sedulously put forward the
idea all through this debate that this is a local
measure and one entirely within the control
of the delegation of that State. Mr. Speaker,
this bill grows out of certain facts which I de-
sire to stato. One of these is that five hun-
dred thousand acres of land belonging to
California under the law of 1341 have been
surveyed by California under a system of
survey and sale in violation of the laws of
tho United States. The same illegal con-
duct has prevailed in regard to her school
lands and swamp lands.
Mr. McRUER. 1 rise to a question of order.
This bill is not under discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. According to the Digest, a
motion to postpone admits of "but very lim-
ited debate." If that means anything, it means
that the merits cannot be discussed on that
motion. A motion to refer opens the whole
question; but on a motion to postpone the
question is simply whether it should be post-
poned for future consideration.
Mr. JULIAN. I was misled by following
the example of my friend from California,
[Mr. McRuer,] who debated the merits of
the bill with the leave of the Speaker, and
would not, as I supposed, raise the point upon
me. I was only going to say that this bill
grows out of the violated faith of the State of
(California with the national Government, and
therefore it concerns every man in the nation.
Every actual settler and homestead claimant
has been defrauded exactly to the extent that
tho State of California has granted her school-
warrants on land that ought to have been first
surveyed by the General Government. The
General Government, as neither of the gen-
tlemen from California will deny, has been
wronged by the illegal action of California.
Mr. McRUER. I insist on the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the_ gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julias]
when he speaks of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia speaking by leave of the Chair, that it
was because the gentleman from Indiana did
not make the point of order. When a point
of order is made, the Chair rules upon it.
Mr. JULIAN. Without having any wish or
desire in the matter of my own, I submit the
question of postponement to the judgment of
the House, and I desire a vote upon it without
consuming more time. I move the previous
question.
Mr. BID WELL. Let me say one word.
Mr. JULIAN. I must decline.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the bill
until the first Monday in December next; and
there were—ayes 51, noes 58.
So tho House refused to postpone the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I agreed to allow the gen-
tleman from California to present his amend-
ments, and I now yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. BIDWELL. I offer the following amend-
ments to the Senate bill.
In line fifteen, section one, after the word
"land," I move to insert the words "or to any
land held or claimed under any valid Mcxican or
Spanish grant;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That no selection made by said Stato con-
trary to existing laws shall bo confirmed by this act
for lands to which any adverse preemption, home-
stead, or other right has, at tho date of the passage
of this act, been acquired by any settlor under the
laws of the United States, or to any lands which have
been reserved for naval, military, or Indian purposes
byJthe United States, or to any mineral land, or to
any land held or claimed under any valid Mexican
or Spanish grant, or to any land which, at the time
of the passage of this act, was included within tho
limits of any city, town, or village, or within tho
couiity of San Francisco.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move to amend section
seven by striking out in line seven the words
'1 as conterminous proprietors'' and inserting in
lieu thereof the words "joint entries being
admissible by conterminous proprietors to such
an extent as will enable them to adjust their
respective boundaries."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. After the words "Land
Office'' in line fourteen, section seven, I move
to insert the words :
Provided, That tho right to purchase herein given
shall not extend to lands containing mines of gold,
silver, copper, or cinnabar.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move to add to section
seven the following proviso :
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
not be applicable to tho oily and county of San
Francisco.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. T move to amend section
eight by striking out the word " made," in the
fifth line, and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " requested within ten months from the
passage of this act;" also by striking out the
word "made," inline ten, and inserting in lieu
thereof "requested ;" so that the section will
read:
SfiC. 8. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where a claim to land by virtue of a right _or title
derived from tho Spanish or Mexican authorities has
been finally confirmed, and a survey and platthereof
shall not have been requested within ten months
from the passage of this act, as provided by sections
six and seven of the act of July 1,1S(U, " to expedite
the settlement of titles to lands in the State of Cali-
fornia," and in all eases where a like claim shall
hereafter be finally confirmed, and a survey and plat
thereof shall not be requested, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. Inline eleven of the same
section, I move to strike out the words "six
months after final confirmation," and to insert
in lieu thereof the words '1 ten months after
the passage of this act, or any final confirma-
tion hereafter made." I move also to insert in
line fifteen, after the word "the," the words
" expiration of ten months from_the and I
move further to amend by inserting after the
word "confirmation," in line sixteen, the
words " hereafter made;" so that the latter
portion of the section will read as follows:
And in all cases where a like claim shall hereafter
beJinally confirmed, and a survey and plat thereof
shall not bo requested, as provided by said sections
within ten months after the passage of this act, or
any final confirmation hereafter made, it shall be the
duty of tho surveyor general of tho United States for
California, as soon as practicable after the expira-
tion of ten months from the passage of this act, or
such final confirmation hereafter made, to cause the
lines of the public surveys to be extended over such
land, and he shall set off, in full satisfaction of such
grant, and according to the lines of the public sur-
veys, the quantity of land confirmed in such final de-
cree, and as nearly as can be done in accordance with
such decree; .and all the land not included in such
grant as so set off shall be subject to the general land
laws of tho United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. Those are all the amend-
ments I had to offer.
The question recurred on the amendments
reported by the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN obtained the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Will the gentle-
