1646
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
time of this vote brought before you, and you say
thatrecord is not true, thataperson lias voted on
a particular vote that had not the right to vote.
You certainly have a right so to declare. The
question is_ now presented, and if you desire
to settle it it can be done now as well as at any
other time.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask Senators, is there
any difficulty when Mr. Stockton's name is
called in another Senator moving lhat Mr.
Stockton's vote be not received? There would
be no trouble about that. >
Mr. SUMNER. Before the call it can be
done. Senators say to me, "Withdraw the
. motion." I withdraw it with the understand-
ing that the Senator from Vermont makes the
motion for a reconsideration, that we may at
once enter upon the consideration of the ques-
tion in another form.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the withdrawal.
Mr. POLAND. I move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the resolution reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary that the Sen-
ator from New Jersey was entitled to his seat
was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the Senator from
Massachusetts a right to witkdraw his motion
without the unanimous consent of the Senate?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that he may.
Mr. SHERMAN. The yeas and nays were
not ordered upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I objected, and the objec-
tion was made very positively—quite loud
enough, I thought, to be heard all over the
Chamber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lie may withdraw it at
any time, on his own motion, the yeas and nays
not having been ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only want to know what
the rule is.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the Senator from Massachu-
setts may withdraw the motion. That motion
being withdrawn, the Senator from Vermont
moves to reconsider the vote by which the Sen-
ate on Friday last adopted the resolution re-
ported from the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON. How does a motion to
reconsider settle the case? When is it to be
acted upon?
Mr. SUMNER. Right off.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed. The col-
league ol' the Senator from New Jersey is not
here and cannot be got here "right off." The
Senator from New York [Mr. Morgan] is con-
fined to his room by sickness, and cannot be
got here, but he is in the city, and is exceed-
ingly anxious to vote on this question. I put
it, to Senators who think Mr. Stockton is not
entitled to his peat in this body, whether it is
not due to their colleagues in the body, an '
especially the Senator from New York, thatri.
vote should be had until they have had a rea-
sonable opportunity of being present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course, I apprehend
nobody expects to take the vote instantly to
decide the whole question.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I said was in con-
sequence of the remark of the Senator from
Massachusetts that the matter was to be acted
upon ''right, off."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that
that was the design of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, bat I presume there is no snch design
on the part of the Senate. I am willing that
the resolution should be reconsidered; that
does not alter it at all; and then the question
in relation to the Senator's right to vote may
be considered afterward or before. I have
pretty much come to the conclusion that the
Senator from Ohio was right about it, and that
it would be best to do it the other way. How-
over, I do not think it is very material. I shall
vote for the reconsideration, and then, it strikes
me, we had better settle the question as to the
right of the Senafor from New Jersey to vote
by adopting the resolution already offered or
some other one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before this Senate is, Will the Senate re-
consider its vote agreeing to the resolution
declaring the Senator from New Jersey entitled
to his seat?
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING 0FFI6ER. The resolu-
tion is before the Seriate.
Mr. JOHNSON. -I now move that the fur-
ther consideration of the question bepostponM
until Thursday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is hardly worth while
to do that. I should like to have some reason
giveij for it.
Mr'. CONNESS. I thought the Senate was
about to vote fust on the question of expun-
ging the vote of the Senator from New Jersey
from the record.
Mr. JOHNSON. That motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. CONFESS. I understand that, sir.
Nevertheless, the vote on the resolution is
reconsidered now, and it stands as before the
Senate. Do I not understand that the record
of that vote is made? "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The record
is made.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I should like to see
that record corrected. As to when the final
vote shall be taken, that is another matter.
That may be postponed, if it is the sense of the
Senate. I think we had fetter settle that ques-
tion now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I would like the
Senate to give its unanimous consent that the
Journal be corrected, and the Senator from
New J crsey bo permitted to withdraw his name.
I make that motion, that the Journal be cor-
roded by striking his name from the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At present
there is another motion before the body.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I propose that it
be done by unanimous consent. I think it but
just to the Senator from New Jersey. He
admits that he gave.a hasty vote. We have
spoken in favor of the proposition that it was
a hasty vote It seems to me but just to one
who is a new member of this body that he have
permission to correct that vote by unanimous
consent.
All". CONNESS. What is the question pend-
ing?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion made by the Senator from Kansas is that
the Senator from New Jersey be permitted to
withdraw his vote, and thus correct the Jour-
nal. In the opinion of the Chair, that motion
cannot now be entertained. The Senate hav-
ing voted to reconsider the vote on the resolu-
tion reported from the committee, the ques-
tion before the Senate is, Shall the resolution
pass? and a motion of this sort cannot now be
entertained.
Mr. CONNESS. Then, as I understand,
the question is now settled except as to the
record, so far as the vote of the Senator from
New Jersey is concerned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.'- The vote
has been reconsidered by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. But yet there is a record
of the Senator's vole on the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The record
of Friday remains yet unaltered.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I hope a motion will
be made to correct the record, ;md then the
subject can be postponed, if that nrthe Wish of
the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I was going to suggest that
the alteration had altered nothing except the
vote on the resolution. The record stands.
Mr. CONNESS. But the vote is there.
Mr. CLARK. The vote is there.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the record be
corrected by excluding the vote of the Senator
from New Jersey. Then, if that is done, the
subject may be postponed to any time agreed
upon by theSenate.
Mr. SHBBMAN. I will ask the Senator
whether, if his motion should bo agreed to, the
motion to reconsider does not fall. If the
Senator wants to get at this point, let him in-
troduce a simple order stating that on the vote
on this resolution the name of th e Senator from
New Jersey shall not be. called on the ground
that he is interested.
Mr. CONNESS. I am speaking with refer-
ence to the record that is made on the Journal
of the Senate. It is there recorded tliat the
Senator from New Jersey did vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if the Senator ac-
complishes that purpose, a motion to reconsider
the vote on the resolution cannot be entered,
because neither party had a majority; and it
is doubtful whether a party on either side can
move to reconsider. So the Senator had better
let itfstand as it is.
Mr. SUMNER. I will propose still another
form to meet this difficulty. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the vote of Mr. Stockton be not
received in determining the quostion of his seat in
the Senate.
That meets it directly without undertaking
to interfere with the existing Journal.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the honorable mem-
ber desire to take a vote upon that proposition
now?
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have a vote
upon it now. I think we can all agree upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. But we. cannot all agree.
It seems to me that it ougJit to go over until
Thursday next, when the final vote is to be
taken. It is a question that will arise then.
We can dispose of it then. We are not pre-
pared to do it now for the reason that there are
two or three Senators absent whose opinion
may be against the proposition contained in
that resolution. Nothing would be made by it,
because we could change it afterward. I move
that the whole subject bepostponed until Thurs-
day next.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the matter will not
be postponed, but I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts that it is hardly
worth while to introduce an order or resolution
of that kind, because I understand the Sen-
ator from New Jersey to express regret that
he cast the vote on Friday, and I have no idea
that he will attempt to do it again.
Mr. STOCKTON. I hope I may be per-
mitted to say a word at this point. The Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Lane] said a moment
ago that I acknowledged I voted on Friday
last in a hasty moment. I at once determined
at the first opportunity on taking the floor to
state that he misunderstood me partially. I
used no such word as that. The Senator from
New Hampshire now says that I said I re-
gretted it. I ask every Senator on the floor
whether I uttered one single word of the kind.
I state now that I had the constitutional right
to vote, in my own judgment, and I did not
know that any human being could or would
dispute it. Believing that I had that right, I
overcame all delicacy for the purpose of ac-
complishing what I believed to be a solemn
duty. I cannot regret that. I did what I be-
lieved to be right. But I find that other gen-
tlemen, abler lawyers than myself, and some
of my own party friends are of opinion that
there is extreme doubt on the subject of the
constitutionality of that vote. Under those
circumstances, I asked permission to withdraw
the vote ; and of course no gentleman on the
floor could dream that I would vote until the
question was_ settled. What is the object of
my withdrawing it? If there is a doubt in the
minds of the Judiciary Committee as to whether -
it is unconstitutional, I do not wish to hold my
place here by an unconstitutional vote. Tn my
judgment, that question ought to be settled by
the Judiciary Committee before this resolution
again comes to a vote. I think it is but just to
require that. _ If they say I am not entitled to
vote, I certainly should never dream of offer-
ing a vote; and if the vote is forced upon me
before that question is decided I shall not vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be well
to take the honorable Senator from New Jer-
sey at his'word, and refer the pending resolu-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts to the
Judiciary Committee, with instructions to re-
port by Thursday morning, so that we may
