1806.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16?
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loan Bill—Mr. Lynch.
Ho. of Reps.
turb, to any dangerous degree, the course of
business and trade.
The chief objection to the pending bill is that
it confers too much power—more than ought
to be intrusted to any man. Now, sir, tre-
mendous power was given to General Grant,
when the lives of hundreds of thousands of men
were placed absolutely at his disposal. Sher-
man was intrusted with vast power when he
started with his great army on his march to the
sea. But it was necessary to trust some one
with that power. Congress could not command
armies and plan campaigns. So, also, in the
present emergency some one must be trusted
with power. Congress cannot negotiate a loan,
cannot regulate the details of the currency, or
fund the debt. It must delegate the power. X
will not eulogize the present Secretary of the
Treasury; he needs no eulogy from me. It is
the Secretary of the Treasury, not Hugh Mc-
Culloch who needs this power. I vote to give
it to the incumbent of that high office, whoever
ho may be, and hold him responsible for the
use he may make of it.
I repeat it, sir, if gentlemen do not approve
this bill they should offer some plan that will
accomplish the desired result.
I call attention for a moment to the proposi-
tion of my friend from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
If a stranger had told me before I came into
this Hall this morning that the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] would introduce a proposi-
tion to authorize States to tax the bonds of
the United States, I, as his friend, would have
denied it. Does the gentleman hold that a
State can constitutionally tax the bonds of the
United States? Has he read the decisions of
the courts?
There is not a lawyer in this House who will
affirm that the States can levy such a tax.
That question has been decided again and
again by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and the decision has always been one
way. It was decided by Chief Justice Marshall,
in 1819, in the case of McCulloch vs. The State
of Maryland, (4 Wheaton, 816.) It was de-
cided again by that same distinguished jurist
in the case of Weston vs. The City of Charles-
ton, (2 Peters, 449.) It was decided in the
case of Osborn vs. The United States Bank, (9
Wheaton, 739,) in 1824, when Henry Clay, as
counsel, argued other features of the cause be-
fore that court, but declined to offer any argu-
ment on the question of the power of the State
to tax the bank, and alleged as a reason that the
point was so well settled that argument was un-
necessary. It was decided again iu 18G2, in the
case of the Bank of Commerce vs. New York,
(2 Black, 620.)
If the bonds of the United States can be taxed
by State action, then the arsenals, the forts, the
post offices, the mails of the United States, can
be tilled in the same manner.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman mean to
maintain that this power of taxing United States
bonds hereafter to be issued cannot be exereis. d
by the States, provided Congress shall authorize
it? I do not suppose that the gentleman from
Maine, or any other gentleman, would contend
that a State can exercise such power without
the authority of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether he believes
that Congress can delegate that power to the
States?
Mr. DAWES. I put the interrogatory to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, I trust that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who is a very dis-
tinguished lawyer, will do me the favor to say
whether he believes it can be done.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentlemaft wants my
opinion, I will say that I have no doubt that
Congress has the power and can confer it upon
the States. Whether it is wise for Congress to
do so, is a question of policy. I may add, how-
ever; that I am very clear that Congress cannot
authorize this taxation in respect to any bonds
already issued, because'that, would be in viola-
tion of the terms of the contract.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, Mr. Speaker, we
have heard the gentleman from Massachusetts
express the opinion that Congress can delegate
this power to the States. Hear the opinion of
another distinguished citizen of Massachusetts.
I ask the Clerk to read a passage from a speech
of Daniel Webster's, on the very question un-
der discussion. Jt was delivered in the Senate
of the United States, May 28, 1832. '
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Moore, of Alabama, proposing, first, that the
bank shall not establish or continue any office of dis-
count or deposit, or branch bank, in any State, with-
out the consent and approbation of the State; sceond,
that all such offices and branches shall be subject to
taxation accoiding to the amount of their loans and
issues, in like manner as other banks or other prop-
erty shall be liable to taxation:
" Mr. "VVebsteb spoke as follows: Now, sir, I doubt
exceedingly our power to adoptthis amendment, and
I pray the deliberate consideration of the Senate in
regard to this point.
" In the first place, let me ask, what is the consti-
tutional ground on which Congress created this cor-
poration, and on which we now propose to continue
it? There is no express authority to createabankor
any other corporation given to us by the Constitution.
The power is derived by implication. It has been exer-
cised, and can be exercised only on the ground ofajust
necessity. It is to be maintained, if at all, on the alle-
gation that the establishment of a national bank is a
just and necessary means i'or carrying on the Govern-
ment and executing the powers conferred on Congress
by the Constitution. On this ground CongreS3 has
established this bank, and on this it is now proposed
to be continued. It hasalreadybeenjudicially decided
that Congress having established a bank for these
purposes, the Constitution prohibits the States from
taxing it. Observe, sir, it is the Constitution, not the
law, which lays this prohibition on the States. The
charter of the bank does not declare that the State
shall not tax it. It says not one word on that sub-
ject. The restraint is imposed not by Congress, but
by a higher authority, the Constitution.
"Now, sir, X ask how we can relieve the States from
this constitutional prohibition. It is true that this
prohibition is not imposed in express terms, but it
results from the general provisions of the Constitu-
tion, and has been judicially decided to exist in full
force. This is a protection, then, which the Consti-
tution of the United States, by its own force, holds
over this institution, which Congress has deemed
necessary to be created in order to earry on the Gov-
ernment. So soon as Congress, exorcising its own
judgment, has chosen to create it. can we throw oif
from this Government this constitutional protection?
I think it clear we cannot. We cannot repeal the
Constitution. Wocannotsaythateverypower, every
branch, every institution, and every law of this Gov-
ernmcntshail nothave alltheforce, all the sanction,
and all the protection which the Constitution gives it."
Mr. GARFIELD. Such was the opinion of
the great ''Defender of the Constitution." He
believed that the power of a State to tax the
securities of the United States is prohibited by
a higher authority than a statute of Congress;
that it is prohibited by the Constitution itself.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman had that
passage read as an answer to my interrogatory ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I cite it in answer to the
gentleman's construction of the Constitution.
Mr. DAWES. That quotation from Mr.
Webster has. within my experience, been used
for various purposes on many different occa-
sions ; but this is the first time 1 have heard
this application of it.
Mr. GARFIELD. The application I have
made of it is to show that Mr. Webster did not
believe that Congress could constitutionally
delegate to the States the authority to tax the
securities of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. lie does not say so; that
question does not arise.
Mr. GARFIELD. He does expressly say
that the power to protect United States secu-
rities is vested in Congress by the Constitution,
and Congress cannot place it elsewhere. This
very question has been argued before the Su-
preme Court within the last; three weeks. One
of the most distinguished law vers of New York,
Mr. William M. Evarts, delivered a very able
argument to prove that Congress cannot, dele-
gate to a State the power to tax the bonus of
the United States. I trust this House will not
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
1'iic gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste
vers] tells us he is in favor of returning to spe-
cie payments when it could be done without
disturbing or deranging the business of the
country. If he waits for, that it can never be
done. It cannot be done withoutfirst contract-
ing the currency and producing a temporary
stringency in the money market. If we have
not the nerve to do that, if we have not patri-
otism to suffer that temporary inconvenience
we must go on in the swift road to financial
disaster and ultimate national bankruptcy.
The gentleman says we must reach specie
payments by protection. He says if we pro-
tect our manufactures we shall keep gold from
going abroad. This is not his first attempt to
regulate the value and movement of gold by
legislation. After a few days' trial his law of
1804 for that purpose was repealed. I do not
oppose protection.. I am in favor of protecting
the sanctity of contracts by bringing all values
back to the basis of a uniform standard. Then
our iron-mills will not stand idle as they noy
do, bccause of the risk occasioned by the vio-
lent fluctuation of prices.
Mr. Speaker, this is our only remedy. I have
faith in the Secretary of the Treasury that he
will, by and by, with as little disturbance to
business as possible, bring us to specie pay-
ments. We have traveled more than one
quarter of the way since Congress met. Gold
was then 148, now it is 130. Mercury in
the barometer is not more sensitive to atmos-
pheric influences than is the gold market to the
legislation of Congress. Witness the following
paragraph from the financial column of a recent
New York daily:
" \Y all street is more animated to-day in consequence
of the report, which is extensively believed, that all
loan bills will be made conducive to inflation, and
that the temper of Congress is hostile to all measures
looking toward eon traction of the green back currency.
This is interpreted to be favorable to higher prices,
and is already producing its effects in stimulating
speculation."
Defeat this bill and there will be a jubilee
in Wall street. This House must take the
responsibility.
Loan Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN LYNCH,
OF MAINE,
ix the House op Representatives,
March 1g, 1860.
The House having under consideration the bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide ways and
means to support the Government," approved March
3, 1865—
Mr. LYNCH said:
Mr. Speaker : The bill under consideration
extends the authority of the Secretary of the
Treasury so far as to allow him to retire the
United States legal-tender notes, which now
constitute so large a part of the currency of the
country, and which are the only *' • lawful money''
in circulation, and to substitute therefor the
bonds of the Government bearing interest in
coin. The bill also provides that the bonds
which ruav be disposed of elsewhere than in
the United States may be made payable in the
currency or coin of the country where they are
made payable. These are briefly the powers
which this bill proposes to confer upon the
Secretary. Before considering their nature or
the question of their necessity, let us see what
powers that officer already has under existing
! laws. The act of June 80, 1SG4, authorizes the
j Secretary of the Treasury—
! " To redeem and cause to be canceled and destroyed
. any Treasury notes or United States notes heretofore
I issued under authority of previous acts of Congress,
I and to substitute in lieu thereof an equal amount of
\ Treasury notes or of other United States notes.'
; Under this act the Secretary has the power
' to convert every dollar of the legal-tender cir-
culation into seven-thirty Treasury notes or
] into compound-interest notes. !tirther, [ho
j net of March 3,1865, provides that "any Treas-
