§m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Q£t& the -demands of an enlightened patriotism
require tliat we should pass such a measure as
this- ~
■The gentleman asks us how we can build up
a flourishing marine when we pursue such a
course as this. I ask my distinguished friend
from Pennsylvania how we can build up a com-
mercial marine when we permit these men in
time of war to desert our flag and put their ships
under another and a foreign flag? Is that lie
way to build up and protect a commercial ma-
rine, to put a bounty on desertion? Sir, I trust
the House will never sanction such a principle.
My friend froua Ohio [Mr. Garfield] spoke
of this as a monopoly. I do not look on it in
that light. And he wondered why I was on
that side, ,as he rightly understood me to be
unalterably opposed to all monopolies and spe-
cial privileges. He was right. I was'opposcd
to all monopolies of railroads; I was opposed
to the monopoly of slavery; I was opposed lo
"express" monopolies; and, unlike my friend
from Ohio, I was in the last Congress opposed
to the 4' whisky monopoly.'' [Laughter. ]
Mi\ Speaker, the opinions of the Secretary of
the Treasury are more important than anything
I may say, and I send up his letter to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
JCrkasury Department, January 18,1806.
Sir : By a resolution adopted in the House of llcp-
j-escntatives February 23,18t$5.1 am directed to com-
municate at the present session facts and informa-
tion concerning the dccreasoofour mercantile marine
and tosujygesfc.sueh remedial legislation a* i may cleein
expedient. Appended lo the irsolution is acommu-
nication -from Mr. Jiastun, United States consul at
Cork, presenting an outline of a plan to encourage
and stimulate the buildm? of frhii*. in which lie as-
sumes the loss to our commmual murine in the past
Ave years to bo lour million ton?, iho total Amer-
ican tonnage being stated in round numbers at
five millions before the late war. It is, however, as-
certained by dihsrent inquiry that shipping- to the
amount of but 010,4(56 tons has actually disappeared
from our lists from all eau^es—80U,:>0<3 transferred to
foreign owners, andno.lGikkstroycdbvpirates, being
less than one fifth, instead of lour lii'ths.
In addition to the resolution above mentioned, I
have likewise received a copy of another, instructing
the Committee on Commerce of the [louse to inquire
into the expediency of so amending the resislry laws
of the United States as to admit of "the registry of any
vessel actually owned by a citizen of the United
States, without reference to the plave of construction.
Ilnwcthe honor, therefore, to submit an expression
of my views upon iho whole subject.
The existing laws exclude from the privileges of
the Ameiican flag all forei^n-buil! vessel.-, and those
vessels of domestic build which, after hawim been
once documented under our laws, are transferred to
fored;<11 ownership.
This poiiey ot exclusion ha^ been uniformly ad-
hered to sinco the first establishment of our coin-
mcKualsystem, and no f?rneral law has at any time
prevailed at variance with it, exeepl (ho a<-t of 'Md
December, "1852, which permits, under certain condi-
tions, the registry of foreign-built vessels, wrecked m
the waters yf the United tfUtes.
The prohibition, as far it rrlafos to vessels of for-
eign build, rusts upon the second section of the navi-
gation act ot December Mf 170J, and is calculated to
cherish and etieourutfedomestic ship-building, which
has been regarded vital to our commercial interests,
and whutoA or opinion may be entertained as to the
propriety of our eventual relaxation ot thestrinujeney
of the laws, I do not rejj-a rd I it o pi o-u-iil as an auspicious
momentin wliioli fo make the experiment, mvoivtmr,
as if would, so radical a. change m die established
pol icy ot f ho (Jo vol mtionl.
The act of June li7, 1707. forbidding the repri-drv of
a vessel built and registered m the tinted States,
but subsequently transferred to a foreigner, rests upon
a different, but quite as cogent reason, namely, iho
facility thataprivilcgeof umestrained transfer would
afford lor the perpetration of frauds and the evasion
of the navigation laws.
During the late war the transfer (in many cases it
is believed lictitious or fraudulent! of Ammosm bot-
toms to a foieign lla<> has been a favorite expedient
by which to escape the pavment of war rates of insur-
ance, and to avoid the risk of capture. Upward of
eight hundred thousand tons of shipping have thus
disappeared Irom. our records lor a larqo portion o±
which the owners are now daimingrendmi^siou when
the risks of war are no longer immment and the priv-
ilcges ol an American regisliy arc strain appreciated.
iney transferred their vessels with a full knowledge
ot ihe sacrifice they incurred, regarding, it must be
supposed, tue temporary security from losses an e<juiv-
J"0 ari(l I should bo unwilling to advise in
their favor any relaxation of the rigor of the laws.
jN either do I on the other hand recommend any a.d-
• ditipnal encouragement of ship-building ^>y allowance
of drawback or ^otherwise. Enjoying ;i.s they do an
a bsoliueprotection from foreign competition, I cannot
conceive that our domestic ship-yards require any
further stimulus or more extended privilege*
I am, sir, very respectfully,
0 h. Mcculloch.
„ occrelca-y of the Treasury.
Hon. ScHtfYr.er Colfaxv
Speaker of the Mouse of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatshows
the reasons which may be so justly urged in
favor of what the gentleman calls a "monop-
oly." I am opposed to all monopolies; and
I am opposed to rebels, secessionists, copper-
heads, or even so-called " loyal men," who de-
serted the star spangled-banncr in time of war
and sought shelter under the cross ofSt. George.
As they made their bed, so let them sleep.
* Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have only
two things to say before I call for the previous
question and close the debate.
The distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] said this was a proposition
to exclude men who had deserted our flag. I
declare the gentleman has not met the point.
It is not a law against men; it is a law against
tonnage and not men. He may make all the
legislation he pleases against letting a disloyal
class come back, and I will vote with him. Let
him make that discrimination.
He says we propose to change the policy of
the Government. My answer is in one word.
It is the gentleman himself who is proposing
to change the policy of the Government, as the
Secretary of the Treasury is every day allowing
these vessels to be reregistered. The Commit-
tee on Commerce propose to change the law
so that he may not allow them to be registered.
They propose in this change of the law to keep
these vessels out of our merchant marine. \V e
are simply opposing a change of the law in
favor of a monopoly.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
says if we make free trade on this subject let
ns make free trade in all. lie will not deter
me from my purpose by shaking that red rag
before rae. 1 do not care what name he calls it;
i Iknowitis not free trade; I only know that what
lie proposes is to discriminate as to all other
property and in favor of the property of the ship-
builders. If lie will apply the same law to prop-
erty in ships that he applies to property in all
that we own in the great West, then he will find
that he cannot maintain his law. All I ask is
that the same law shall be applied to both. 1
call the previous question.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered.
The question was then taken on the passage
of the bill, on which thcyeasand nays had been
oidered, and there were—yeas 01), nays 52, not
voting 31: as follows:
YHAS—Mo=srs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, James
M. A.-'lilc-y, Baldwin, banks, Barker, Ii-i\i>t, lloa-
iii.in, Benjamin, ttntwcil, Bingham, ISlaine, Bout-
vu'tl, i!ra.nde£ee, Bioimvell, Header W. Ciarltc, (Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Colliding. Darling, TJawcs, DetYoos,
Doming, Dixon,-Donnelly, Drigss, k>kley, Kj^k.-I.ou,
Kiiol, Furquhar, Perry, (irinnoll, Abner C. ifardins,
, Hart, Hill, Holmrs, Xloopur, Hutohkiss, Asahcl W.
1 Hubbard, Oh us tor D.li iibbai'd.Domus Hubbard. John
j It. Hubbard, James Humphrey, Jenekes, Julian,
I Kelley, Kelso, TCotoham, Kuykendall, Geor^o
| V. kav.roiK-e, "William Lawrence, Don^year, Lynch,
ijUatvin, j\te0hu'!j, iMelvoo, Mercur, Miiler, Moor-
1 head, ATorrill, Morris, Moi;Mon, jUyers, Newell,
O'N'eiii, i'aino, P.Ufci.-'Oii, Peril.im, 1'heips, i'ike,
Pomeroy, Prire,"\Vil]iam li. Randall. Raymond, Al-
exander IL itice, Joiin it. Rico, Rollins, Sawyer,
Seh'oick, fShclhibar;;er, Sloan, tetarr, Stiiiweil, Vi;nt-
; eis Thomas, John Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
| Van Aei nam, Hurt Van Horn. "Ward, Warner, Bliliu
| IS. Wasiiburne, William K. "Washburn, James j1'.
! Wilson, Htuphcn P. Wilson, Windom, and AVood-
brid're—Oil.
NAYS — Messrs. Baker, Bergen, Boyor, Brooks,
"Buckland. Cook, Cutlom, Davis, Henison, Eldridge,
karnsworlh, i'iucl;, Uarfiold, Uriswold, H.vle, Aaron
\ ltardiiiff, Harris, ITayes, Ho^an, K'iwin N. Hubbell,
; James It. Habbell, James M. Humphrey, Insersoll,
Johnson. Kerr, Latiiam,Lo Blond, Marsliall, McCul-
I loueb, Niiilac-k, Kicholsou, Xocil, Ortli, Samuot J.
• Kandall, Hitter, jlo0'ei's. Ross, Rousseau, Scoftckl,
, Sliauklin, vSita:ieavc"-i, Spaldintc, Strousc, Tavlor,
, Thayer, Thouiton, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn,
Voorhoori, WoiifworHi, Wiiliains, and AVri^tit—.32.
I NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Belos 1!.
I Ashley, i;i(.iv, JSroomall, Bundy, Chauler, Culver,
I Dawson. Delano, Dmnout, (,lossbrennor, Goodyear,
Grider. Heuder^on, ilh'by. Hiiiimrd, Jones, Kasson,
j Loan, ilarston, Jleludoe. JIcRuer, Plants. Radford,
i Smith, Stevens, Tabor, Welker, Whalcy, and Win-
! field—31.
| So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay that
mo! ion oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PATTERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Marstoh, was detained at his room by
sickness.
CONTESTED SEAT.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, a motion
was adopted last evening by the House refer-
ring to the Committee of Elections certain
papers in the possession of the Clerk relating
to, the contested seat in the eighth district of
New York. I now desire to submit a motion
to reconsider that vote.
Mr. BROOKS. I moved to reconsider the
vote last evening,' I believe, and it was not en-
tered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that the motion was not made.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the gentleman from
New York would state his reasons for making
the motion.
Mr. RAYMOND. I would like to ask the
privilege, when the question comes up, for the
contestant to be heard. It is according to usage,
I believe.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know what objeet
the gentleman has in stopping the publication
of these papers. I am unable to see it.
Mr. RAYMOND. The object is to have the
question fairly considered, as it was not when
the vote was taken. I have no feeling in the
matter. I think iuis in accordance with usage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] can arrange as to the time
when he will caH this up. The spccial order is
not? before us.
Mr. RAYMOND. The matter may lie over
for one, two, or three days, as will suit the con-
venience of the sitting member.
Mr. BROOKS. I am very much surprised
at the motion of my colleague. 1 am not only
surprised, but I am amazed. I cannot under-
stand it.
The SPEAKER. The House is now engaged
in the consideration of the special order—the
I'Vcedmen's Bureau—on which the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] has the floor.
RAILROAD LAND GRANTS.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman from Min-
nesota to yield to me for the purpose of taking
from the Speaker's table Senate biil No. 83,
and referring it to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The bill was then taken up—it being an act
to extend the time for completing certain land
grants to the railroads in the States therein
mentioned—read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
CONTESTED SEAT—AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, how did that
come up? 1 was trying to get the lloor, when
1 understood it to be assigned to the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] on the spe-
cial order.
The SPEAKER. Tbegentleman from Min-
nesota yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Iowa.
Mr. DAWES. I presume it is all right; but
will the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Don-
nelly] yield me the floor a moment, in relation
to the matter that has just gone by?
Mr. DONNELLY. I yield.
Mr. DAWES. A motion has been made by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
to reconsider the vote of the House by which
certain papers were referred to the Committee
of Elections. I do not know the merits of the
case, nor do I desire to interfere in the matter;
but he suggested that he desired the motion
should lie over for a few days. It is upon that
point I wish to be heard. I think, whatever
maybe the merits of the matter of reference-
in regard to the right or wrong of which I have
no information—the House ought to indulge
the sitting member and the contestant for afew
moments before disposing of the question: and
if this question is to be put over for several
days, it will interrupt the hearing of the case
before the committee, and very much derange
the business which is crowding that committee,
so that they have no time lo spare.
