1648
qffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
leaned Senator [Mr. Stocktok] has exhausted
all of his arguments upon it. I know of no
other man who wants to make aflpeech on the.
subject. Why should.it bo postponed? I insist
that we should vote, and vote now, upon this
question. It is due to the people of New Jer-
sey, who are not .represented, that we should
vote upon it. And here 1 may state a fact that
is just as palpable as any other. I regret to say
that there is no human probability that the col-
league of the Senator from New Jersey will
ever again come to this body. That is the in-
formation that I have received; and that it is
true I_entertam no doubt. I say it with sorrow,
because we all undoubtedly desire that he should
have a prolonged existence. But I insist
upon it that this vote should be taken now. I
hope the Senator from Illinois will not desire
to get this thing again into the bosom of that
Judiciary Committee to slumber as quietly and
as long as their former report did. [Laughter.]
They have given it all the nourishment that they
can give it, I imagine.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary with instructions to report by
Thursday "morning ?
Mr. JOHNSON. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and l^eing
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays, 22, as follows:
.YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cowan, Da-
vis, Guthrie, Harris, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of
Kansas, JUcDougall, Nesinith, Norton, Kiddle, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—IS.
KAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Cragin, Crcswcll, Fessenden, Foster, (Jrimtib, How-
ard, llo-we. Kirkwood, Lano of Indiana, Nyc, Poland,
Pomeroy, ltaniscy, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Wilson,
and Ynl,oh—22.
ABSENT —Messrs. Dixon, Doolittle,* Foot, Hen-
derson, Morgan, Morrill, Stewart, Stockton, Wil-
liams, and Wright—10.
So the motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is 011 the resolution offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The question now is, I be-
lieve, on the report of the committee.
Mr.JOHNSON. I suppose the question now
is on the motion to postpone until Thursday
next, tlie motion which I made some time ago.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. Thatisthe
pending question.
Mr. \VADE._ I hope this subject will not he
postponed. We have had it here long enough.
Everybody understands all that they over will
understand about it. Those that have said noth-
ing about it are not anxious to postpone it any
further. I believe every member here disposed
to take any part in the discussion on the subject
has said all that ho can think of on it. Those
of us who have not taken part in the debate are
ready, and al ways have been, to vote upon it.
It has taken time enough. There is no reason
why there should be any extraordinary mag-
nanimity on this subject. I hope we will take
the vote ami end the question now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proposition to post-
pone until Ihursday nextisnot an unreasonable
one. i he Senator from New Jersey desires
an opportunity to have his colleague here, and
another of his friends is not able to be in the
body. Although perhaps one gentleman de-
sires to discuss the question further, still it is
desirable that all the Senators who wish to vote
on the subject shall be here, and they can
probably be here by that time. I do not see
 any special necessity to hurry a vote on it,
unless it be to have that vote when some Sen-
ators cannot be here. It has been impossible
for Mr. Wright, of New Jersey, to be here at
this time, for the reason that it was not sup-
posed this question would come up again. It
. was. supposed to have been settled. In this
*S <not oust?mary to drive questions
through. A proposition to postpone for a few
days is generally received with favor. I appeal
to the magnanimity, if not to the sense of right,
of-Senators to allow an opportunity to have a
full vote upon the question. If the Senate be
full and the vote of the majority be that Mr.
Stockton is not entitled to his seat, of course
we will aequicsce in it; but to take the vote
now, when it was not expected that the ques-
tion would come up, when but three days' post-
ponement is asked, would indicate a desire to
have a vote when the Senate is not full, and I
am sure the majority of this body cannot desire
that. The proposition is a reasonable one, and
I think it ought to be agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have said what I have
to say in regard to this ease. I have expressed
my views in reference to it. I think that the
attempt to force a vote on the question now,
with a view of getting a vote upon the right of
Mr. Stockton to his seat, is not proper under
the circumstances. We have discussed hero
to-day the question of his right to vote, and
have disposed of that question properly, I think.
He was mistaken in voting. But I think it
would be an unusual thing on the part of the
Senate under the circumstances to attempt to
force action here to-night. I trust there will
be a general understanding not to do so, and to
take the vote at some suitable time when Sen-
ators can be here.
Several Sexators. Move to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn. I think that wo had better not at-
tempt to_take a vote to-night, and I make that
motion, if all will acquiesce in it.
Mr. SUMNER. Withtheunderstandingtliat
this question will come up to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. It will come up to-morrow as
the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned. -
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 26, 18GC.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Uoyxtox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the calling of commit-
tees for reports, to go upon the Calendar and not
to be brought back by a motion to reconsider,
commencing with the Committee of Elections.
No reports were presented. *
ASSUMPTION OF KEB1SL DEBT, ETC.
The SPEAKER. The next business in oi-der
during the morning hour is the call of States
for resolutions. Under this call the first ques-
tion is on a series of resolutions, presented last
Monday by the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers,] on which the House refused to
second the demand for the previous question
just as the morning hour expired. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to those resolutions; and
the gentleman from New Jersey is entitled to
the floor.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
ttcsolved. That tile Federal Government has no con-
stitutional right to assume or pay the debt of the so-
called eoniederat egovernmcn t of the insurgent States,
01- the rebel debt of any of said States, and that it
would be an outrage even to attemptto do so.
licsft/vfd. That the honor of the Federal Govern-
ment and every principle of justice demand that the
Jedcral debt shou d be paid to the utmost farthing;
that repudiation should be discountenanced, and the
plighted faith of the country sacredly preserved.
Resolved, That equal taxation is just and right, and
that every person in this country should bear his equal
share of the Federal and State taxes; and that there
should be no privileged class.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by adding
the ten commandments. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. I want to be heard on the
resolutions. %
Mx. BLAINE. I rise to a point of order.
When the resolutions were up on last Monday,
and the House refused to second the call for the
previous question, the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbtjrste] rose for the purpose of
debating them, and they went over under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour ex-
.pired while the tellers were counting the House;
and as the, morning hour expired before the
House was counted, no other business could
be transacted, and the gentleman froju Illinois
could not rise to debate the resolutions.
Mr. BLAINE. My recollection is distinct
that the gentleman from Illinois rose to debate
the resolutions.
The gentleman from New Jersey is as gra-
ciously heard as almost any man on this floor;
we always listen to him with delight, but, it is
rather going too strong for him to take up the
entire morning hour.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, there is no
one ip this House more thankful than I am for
the courtesy which has been extended to me by
both sides in being heard during this session.
Nor do I offer these resolutions with any pur-
pose of frittering away the time of the House.
I offer them particularly for the purpose of de-
fining my position at least, if not the position of
others, on the third resolution of the series.
And I was not a little surprised on last Mon-
day to find the seconding of the call for the
previous question being refused, not only on
all but on either one of the pending resolutions.
It cannot be that any honorable member, either
upon the Republican or Democratic side of the
House, will disagree with one.singlc word laid
down in the first of the resolutions contained
in this series.
I take it for granted that the members upon
both sides of the House, without one dissent-
ing voice, will record themselves fearlessly and
with pleasure in favor of the two resolutions
contained in this series, because T have under-
stood it to be one of the principal axioms of
the parties on both sides of the House to dis-
countenance, to the utmost extent, any as-
sumption for the payment of the rebel debt,
either of any of the rebel States, or of the
so-called confederate governmentof the insur-
gent States, by the Federal Government of the
United States. While they have persistently
insisted, from the first time that these securi-
ties were issued, that there should be no repu-
diation of the Federal debt, they certainly can
have no hesitancy now in unanimously voting
for the second resolution in this series, which
merely gives it as the expression of this House
that the Federal Government will not repu-
diate the Federal debt one single farthing, and
that the plighted faith of the Government shall
be sacredly kept.
While I have always been in favor of paying
every single faSRhing of this Federal debt, and
using the resources of the people of this coun-
try to pay every single dollar and every single
cent of this debt, yet I have not forgotten that
elementary principle which lies at the very
foundation of this Government, upon which the
principles of equality and justice are founded,
that every man in this country, be he rich
or poor, should be taxed according to the pro-
tection he receives from the Government, and
the more property he has the more protection
he needs. The^man who would before the war
propose that $3,000,000,000 of money in the
hands of aristocratic owners should be exempt
from taxation, would have been scouted and
have received no consideration from the peo-
ple. lie would have been considered as one
who was inimical to the best interests of the
country, and to the working and toiling mil-
lions of the land.
While I am opposed to repudiation, and will
oppose it with all my power and with the in-
fluence of my vote, on all and every occasion,
not only now but hereafter, yet I will, as a Rep-
resentative of the people, as a man who has
the best interests of the people at heart, not
only now but hereafter, so long as I am a mem-
ber of this body, stand hererand proclaim that
grand doctrine which our fathers proclaimed
when they rebelled against the power of Eng-
land, that equal taxation is just; that it should
be extended to all classes alike.
