168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.[March 16,
Ho. op Reps.
Loan Bill—Mr. Lynch.
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
ury notes or other obligations bearing interest
issued under any act of Congress may, at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury and
with the consent of the holder, be converted
into any description of bonds authorized by
this act." This authority covers nearly half
the entire indebtedness of the Government.
The Secretary, under it, has the power to
fund the entire issue of seven-thirty Treasury
notes, amounting to $830,000,000 ; the three-
year compound-interest notes, amounting to
$180,000,000; the certificates of indebtedness,
amounting to $60,000,000; the one and two-
year five per cent, notes, amounting to $8,500,-
000, and the temporary loan, bearing four, five
and six per cent, interest, amounting to $115,-
000,000, making a total of $1,193,000,000,
which existing laws authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to fund at his own discretion. It
should be understood, however, and it is due
to the able officer at the head of the Treasury
Department to have it well and fairly under-
stood, that the authority conferred by the act
of March 3, 1865, is, after all, limited to an
extent which seriously interferes with the pro-
cess of funding thereby authorized. The neces-
sity of funding a large portion of the floating
debt of the Government is, I think, universally
admitted, and the Secretary of the Treasury,
therefore, should be clothed with explicit power
to make this change in the character of the
debt in the safest, least expensive, and most
fraeticable manner. In doing this, however,
would not have the distinction lost sight of
which so clearly exists, and which is so uni-
versally recognized between the bonds, Treas-
ury notes, and other interest-bearing obliga-*
tions of the Government on the one hand, and
the United States legal-tender notes on the
other. These latter are the lawful currency of
the country; they are not mere promises to pay
money, but money itself—" lawful money,"
capable of paying debts, and answering all the
uses of money in making exchanges within the
country.
The interest-bearing portion of the public
debt is payable at certain dates, and must be
provided for at maturity. The Secretary of
the Treasury is the guardian of the public
credit. On him devolves the duty of provid-
ing for the payment of these maturing obliga-
tions. He has the responsibility, and should
lmve power, commensurate therewith.
The limitation with reference to funding,
which I have alluded to as existing in the act
of March 3, 1865, consists in the fact that the
Secretary can only fund Government obliga-
tions in one way. In other words, he has no
power to anticipate moans by the sale of bonds
and to apply the same to the funding of the float-
ing debt. He can fund only so fast as an ex-
change of one class of indebtedness for another
can be effected. He can hold out no induce-
ment for a speedy conversion of such obliga-
tions, and he is thereby hampered and embar-
rassed in his operations. I hope, therefore,
that the law which now gives this power under
limitations may be so amended as to confer it
upon the Secretary of the Treasury without
restriction. Whether it is or is not best to con-
tinue, so far as it can be done, that portion of
the debt bearing interest in currency in its pres-
ent form, thereby preventing it from leaving
the country and hastening the day when the
Governnent may be able to redeem its circu-
lating notes in specie by reducing the amount
of coin it will be obliged to pay out for inter-
est, are questions to be settled by the head of
the Treasury; and I am ready to vote for the bill
reported by the committee, amended only so
as to prevent the funding of non-interest-bear-
ing into interest-bearing obligations.
But J am, as I have already intimated, op-
posed to conferring any power upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to contract the volume of
tlir> national greenback legal-tender currency.
The exercise of such a power is not necessary
to facilitate the funding of the interest-bearing ||
debt; indeed, it is acknowledged that it would
retard if not defeat that most desirable object.
It is said that the Secretary "could not if,he
would and would not if he could" contract
the currency, but that it is necessary to hold
this power suspended in terrorem over the busi-
ness of the country in order to prevent specu-
lation. In answer I have only to say that if
the pemde of the country are not competent to
manage? their business affairs they will not be
benefited by any governmental guardianship
which may t>e placed over them.
It shouldbe borne in mind that §182,000,000
of the United States currency afloat, about
one third of the total amount in circulation, is
in the compound-interest notes, which all agree
should first, be retired. The Secretary has not
only the authority but the power, if he deems
it prudent to exercise it, to call these in at any
time. They never pass for the face value and
interest, and the Government can at any time
exchange its bonds for them. And yet the most
determined advocate for contraction does not
pretend that it would be prudent to withdraw
them all from circulation in less than about
two years. I have heard no one who favors
contraction intimate that it would be prudent
to contract more than $100,000,000 per year.
Why should we confer on we know not what
Secretary of the Treasury a power and author-
ity which would extend beyond two years from
this time? Congress meets twice within that
period, and if it is found that the experiment
is a safe one, and that it is prudent to continue
the contraction of the currency beyond the
amount of the compound-interest notes, the
authority can be given. We can confer addi-
tional authority by subsequent legislation if it
is found necessary, but are we quite sure that
we can withdraw it when once conferred?
May we not find it as hard to repeal a bad law
as it is to enact a good one ? ITow many men
on this side of the House would consent to
confer this vast power, which subjects the
entire business interests of the country to the
will or caprice of one man, providing it was
known that the able and upright officer now at
the head of the Treasury Department would
not hold his position for sixty days, but would
give place to some unknown successor? Can
any man say that such a contingency may not
happen? It is said that it is necessary to con-
tract this currency because it is inflated, and
that we can only return to specie payments by
contracting. I believe it is capable of being
demonstrated that the currency is not inflated,
not in excess of the requirements of the coun-
try, and therefore docs not need contraction,
and that the amount of currency afloat has
very little influence either upon the price of
gold or the price of merchandise; in other
words, that in order to reduce prices, either of
gold or merchandise, and to return to specie
payments it is not necessary to contract the
currency.
In support of this proposition I will present
a few plain statistics based upon the financial
history of the past four years and upon the
actual wealth and population of the country.
The necessities of the Government which
caused the issue of a large amount of paper
money undoubtedly did to a considerable ex-
tent during the war advance the price of gold.
But the increasing issue of paper money by the
Government depended entirely upon the suc-
cess of our armies in the field, and as their
final success seemed speedy or remote, so the
necessity for the issue of more promises to pay
diminished or increased, and the value set upon
such obligations depended entirely upon the
degree of confidence which the people felt in
the stability of the Government. Now, how-
ever, confidence being entirely restored, the
only question which can affect the currency is
whether the quantity in circulation is equal to
or in excess of the business wants of the coun-
try. If it be shown that it is not in excess, then
certainly no reason exists for its contraction;
if it can be shown that it is the safest and best
paper currency ever put in circulation, that is
another argument against its contraction; and
if it be shown that the population and .. tJ.lh
of the nation is increasing so rapidly that in
less than fifteen years the amount of currency
per capita will be only one half what it now is,
then that is another reason why we should hesi-
tate before we agree upon a policy for annihi-
lating a currency which every day's experience
establishes more and more firmly in the confi-
dence of the people.
Let us examine first the relation which the
amount of gold has held to the amount of cur-
rency in circulation. The amount afloat on
the 1st of July, 1864, when the price of gold
was at its highest point—2C0 to 280—was, in-
clusive of State bank circulation- and exclusive
of compound-interest notes, according to the
books of the Treasury Department, $577,579,-
860. On the 1st day of November, 18G5, one
year and four months later, with the price of
gold down to 145, the currency had increased
to $704,218,038, or a net increase of $127,000,-
000; while at the present time, with gold in
the vicinity of 130, the currency, exclusive of
compound-interest notes, is equal to $725,000,-
000. Thus it is plain that if the price of gold
depended upon the inflation or contraction of
the currency, then it ought, taking the price
on the 1st of July, 1864, as a basis, to be now
over three hundred per cent.; and if gold has
declined from one hundred and eighty to thirty
per cent, premium under an actual and con-
siderable increae of the currency, what should
prevent it from going to par within the present
year, thereby enabling the Government itself
to resume specie payments, and as a conse-
quence carrying with it in due time a similar
resumption by the banks of the country ?
In addition to the many advantages and great
superiority possessed by the legal-tender cur-
rency as a circulating medium, there is an-
other advantage accruing to the Government
from its use, and to this point I wish to call
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] who thinks the Government should
withdraw its circulation and leave the entire
currency of the country in the hands of the
banks. So long as the Government, issues a
currency of this character it can control the
matter of specie payments, and the danger
which attends it when left entirely in the con-
trol of the banks is removed. If the banks
control the entire circulation we can never
rely upon the permanency of specie payments;
they will inevitably consult their own inter-
ests, and they will suspend'whenever dangers
threaten them, no matter what laws may be
passed regulating the sulyect, for the laws of
the country must conform to the laws of trade.
Give the banks the entire circulation and they
might laugh at an attempt to close them up on
account of a suspension; they are '' masters
of the situation;" the country cannot get on
without a currency.
But the permanency of specie payments may
be greatly increased if the Government stands
ready, anchored in the confidence of the peo-
ple, to pay its paper dollar for dollar in gold,
and this simple knowledge on the part of the
people that the greenback passing through
their hands day after day is the positive equiv-
alent of a dpllar in gold in the Treasury will
make that circulation one of the greatest bless-
ings which could be conferred upon the peo-
ple. This sentiment is even now rapidly grow-
ing. Let us once reach a specie standard for
the greenbacks of the country and the people
will never consent to have withdrawn from
circulation a currency so well adapted to all
their _want% and so well grounded in the first
principles of security ana confidence.
•The practicability of an early resumption of
specie payments and the road thereto involves
many serious considerations. It has been and
is strongly urged that there is no way of reach-
ing such a result except through the policy of
