.2608
the congressional globe.
May 15,
-byarrectifier, the quantity of spirits intended to bo
rectified; if by a. peddler, whether for tiaveling on
foot, or with one or two or morn horses or mules, the
time for which and the date or time of payment, and
(except in the caso of auctioneers, produce brokers,
commercial brokers, patent-right dealers, photog-
raphers/builders, insurance agents, insurance brok-
ers, and peddlers) the place at which the trade,
husine^s, or profession for which the tax is paid shall
be carried on: Provided, That the payment of the
special tax imposed shall not exonerate from tax-
ation the person or persons, (except lawyers, phy-
sicians, surgeons, dentists, cattle brokers, horse deal-
era, peddlers, produce brokers, commercial brokers,
patent-right dealers, photographers, builders, insur-
ance agents, insurance brokers, and auctioneers,) or
firm, company, or corporation in any other placo
than that stated; but nothing herein contained shall
prohibit the storage of goods, wares, or merchandise
in other places than the place of business, nor tlio
sale by manufacturers or producers of their own
goods, wares, and merchandise, at the place of pro-
duction or manufacture, and at their principal office
or place of business, provided no goods, wares, or
merchandise shall be kept for sale at said office. And
every person exercising or carrying on any trade,
business, or ^profession, or doing any act for which a
special tax is imposed, shall, on demand of any offi-
cer of internal revenue, produce and exhibit the
receipt for payment of the tax, and unless ho vShall
do so may be taken and deemed not to have paid
such tax. And in case any peddler shall refuse to
exhibit his or her receipt, as aforesaid, when de-
manded by any officer of internal revenue, said
officer may seize the horse, wagon, and contents, or
pack, bundle, or basket of any person so refusing,
and the assessor of the district in which the seizure
has oeeured may, on ten days' notice, published in
any newspaper m the district, or served personally
on the peddler, or at his dwelling-house, require such
peddler to show cause, if any he has, why the horses,
wagon, and contents, pack, bundle, or basket so
seized shall not bo forfeited; and in case no sufficient
cause is shown, the assessor may direct a forfeiture,
and issue an order to tho collector or to any deputy
collector of tho district for tho sale of tho property so
forfeited: and one half of the same, after payment of
the expenses of the proceedings, shall be paid to tho
officer making tho seizure, and the other half thereof
to the collector for thouseof the United {States. And
all special taxes imposed after tho 1st day of May in
anyycarshall be paid for and until thelstday of May
next succeeding, and shall be the ratable proportion
ot tho whole amount of tax imposed for ono year, and
cUimatud from tho first day of tho month in which
such lax is imposed.
Mr. MOKIULTj. I move to strike out the
f word ''and" before the words " date or time
of payment,'* iind insert the words ."payment
is made," in the commencement of tlio para-
graph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. At the commencement of
the proviso I move to amend by inserting after
tho word " tax" the word "herein;" and also
to strikeout the words u exonerate from taxa-
tion'' and insert tho words 11 exempt from an
additional special tax;" so that tho sentence
will read:
Provided, That tho paymont of tho special tax
herein imposed shall not exempt from an additional
special tax, ifco.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to insert the words
''doing business" after the word "corpora-
tion" and before the words "in any other
place than that stated."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOIiRILL. I move to strike out the
word "prohibit" and insert the words "re-
quire a special tax for" after the words "but
nothing herein contained shall," and before
the words "the storage of goods, wares, or
merchandise," &c.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the words
or mule" after the words " said officer may
seize the horse," and also insert tho words "or
mules before the words "wagon and contents,
or basket so seized shall not be
forfeited."
Tho motion was agreed to.
. Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out lines eight hundred and sixty to eight
hundred and sixty-four, as follows:
And all special Lax us imposed after the 1st day of
May in any year shall be paid for and until tho 1st
day ot Alay next succeeding, and shall be the ratable
proportion of the whole amount of tax imposed for
one year, and estimated from tho first day of the
month iu which suoh tax is imposed.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And all such special taxes shall become duo on the
lstday of May in each year, or on commencing any
trade, business, or profession upon which such tax is
by law imposed. In the former caso tho tax shall be
reckoned for one year, and in tho latter case propor-
tionately for that part of the year from the first day
of the month in which the liability to a special tax
commenced to tho 1st day of May following.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. One portion of the pending
paragraph provides for seizing the horse,
wagon, and any other property of any peddler
who shall not exhibit a license ; and it further
provides that notice of such seizure and of
the time for his appearance before the assessor
may be published in any newspaper of the dis-
trict or may be served personally or may be
left with his family. I can see that this pro-
vision may bo liable to great abuse. The pub-
lication may be made in a newspaper many
miles from tho place of seizure, so that the
party will know nothing about it.
I move, therefore, to amend by striking out
the following:
And tho assessor of the district in which the seizuro
has occurred may, on ten days' notice published in
any newspaper in the district, or served personally
on tho peddler or at his dwelling-house, require such
peddler to show cause if any he has.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following :
And shall immediately serve upon such peddler a
notice in writinf? requiring him to show eauso before
tho assessor of the district in which such seizure shall
bo made, at a time and placo therein stated, which
shall not bo less than six days nor more than fifteen
days from tho day of such service.
Mr. MORRILL. _ Mr. Chairman, I hope that
this amendment will not be adopted, for the
reason that it will be impossible in a great
many instances to reach these peddlers unless
the process is exceedingly summary. I have
not so much sympathy for tho peddlers as my
friend from Now York has. I know that in a
great many instances these persons, who flock
to all public gatherings, such as musters and
agricultural fairs, appear in a place ono day
and disappear the next; so that it will be im-
possible to reach them by the process proposed
by tho gentleman. I know that heretofore a
large amount of fraud has been committed by
these peddlers, and that they—the smaller
sort, such as peddle jewelry and other g'im-
craeks—require the unceasing vigilance of tho
revenue officers.
Mr. HOLMES. Tliissectionprovidesthatthe
property of these peddlers may be seized. Now,
the party who makes tho seizure has certainly
an opportunity to servo notice upon the ped-
dler. I cannot sec the force of the objection,
urged by the chairman of the committee.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk began tho reading of the next par-
agraph, commencing on lino eight hundred and
sixty-live, when—•
Mr. LE BLOND moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being hill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 186-1, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had como to no
resolution thereon.
employes in state department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before tho House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Souse of Representatives:
I transmit a report of the Secretary of State
in answer to that part of the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 7tli instant
which calls for information in regard to the
Clerks employed in the Department of State.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, May 15, 1866.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
mexico.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President, transmitting, in
answer to a resolution of the House, informa-
tion concerning discriminations made by the
so-called Maximilian Government in Mexico
against American commerce, or commerce
from particular American ports; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
ecuador.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President, transmitting cor-
respondence in reference to the non-payment
by Hcuador of the first installment under the
convention of 1802; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
thomas foster.
_ On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, of West Vir-
ginia, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of tho papers in
the case of Thomas Foster.
harrison iieeumance.
On motion of Mr. KETCHAM, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the case of Harrison
Heermance.
e. c. willett.
On motion of Mr. BIDWELL, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
tho House of the papers in the case of E. C.
Willett.
soldiers' and sailors' union.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Soldiers' and
Sailors' Union of Washington city; which was
read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying memorial, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
leave oe absence.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Bingham for two
weeks.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,)the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &o., were presented under
the rule and referred to tho appropriate commit-
tees: -
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of numerous cit-
izens of Sangamon county, in the State of Illinois,
in favor of Congress imposing a national tax of two
dollars per head on dogs.
Also, the petition of a large number of citizens of
Sangamon count}', Illinois, asking that Congress
shall levy a specific duty upon wool.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of J. W.
Pomprcy, of Brown county, Ohio, asking pay for
services rendered the United States as a detective.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of the trustees of
New York Central College, for recognition and con
firmation of title to certain tracts of land in Oregon
and in "Washington Territory.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of Eleanor C. Ran-
som, asking an appropriation to reimburse her for
losses sustained in the service of the United States
during: the late rebellion.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The memorial of
Miss II. H. Webber, and 26 others, clerks in the Post
Office Department, asking for equal pay to those em-
ployed in the Treasury Department, and for propor-
tional amount of the $244 provided for clerks of
?f-r* ^ttELPS: The petition of James Hooper,
of Baltimore, Maryland, claiming compensation for
loss of bark General Berry, destroyed by rebel pri-
vateer Florida..
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: The petition of
I. I.Ballard for the establishment of a post route
overthenewturnpike fromRichmond via the mouth
t> if? s Kentucky.
Br Mr. WLLKER: The potition of William Boti-
mer, and others, late officers in the thirteenth Uni-
ted btates colored heavy artillery, asking pay for
recruiting men for that regiment in the State of
Ohio.
J3y Mr. WOOD BRIDGE: The petition of Doctors
<«. J. Lock, E.A. Whipple, and II. M. Hall, ofDanby,
v errnont, praying that medicines used by physicians
may be exempted from taxation.
