1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1 suppose there may be good reasons. I have
heard suggestions made of the reasons why the
matter should be brought before the House;
but I do not know why it could not be disposed
of now, if the gentleman from Minnesota will
allow the special order to be postponed for a
few moments, so as to let the Committee of
Elections know whether they are to delay the
hearing of the case for the printing of a very
large mass of matter. That is all I desire to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the gentleman from Minnesota yields, the
House can take up this matter as a question of
privilege ; but a motion to reconsider can only
lie called up as a privileged motion when there
is no other business before the House. It can
be called up to-morrow morning after the read-
ing of the Journal, before any other business
comes before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to enter into
a discussion of the matter at all. I only desire
the House to understand that this proceeding
may very much interfere with, the business be-
fore the Committee of Elections.
Mr. RA.YMOND. I desire to say that my
only object in making this motion was to ob-
tain from the House, if possible, an oppor-
tunity for the contestant to be heard, whether
heard to-day or to-morrow is a matter of entire
indifference to me. I suppose^tliat end can be
reached whenever the sitting member and the
contestant are prepared to present whatever
they desire on the subject.
Mr. DAWES. I submit to the gentleman
from New York that the matter had better bo
disposed of now if the special order can be
delayed.
Mr. DONNELLY. I must decline to yield
further.
hieedmen's bureau.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the special order, being Senate bill No. 60,
to enlarge the powers of the Freedmcn's Bu-
reau, with certain amendments reported in the
nature of a substitute from the select com-
mittee on the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask the Clerk to read
an amendment which I offer to the bill.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
After the'word "school," in line seven, section six,
insert the following:
And the Commissioner may provide a common-
school education to all refugees and frcedmen who
shall apply therefor.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman from Min-
nesota jield to me for, a moment to make a
statement?
Mr. DONNELLY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ELIOT. It is my intention to call the
previous question on the pending motion to-
morrow at three o'clock. I say this for the
purpose of giving notice to gentlemen on both
sides of the House that I propose then to bring
the discussion to a close.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know if the
gentleman intends to call the previous question
without affording an opportunity for amend-
ment? I have one or two amendments which
I deem very important, and 1 am anxious to
offer them before the previous question is
called.
Mr. BANKS. I desire also to offer an
amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I really cannot answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] now, except so far as to say that I
shall be glad to have gentlemen offer their
amendments and have them read at such time
as it shall be within the lules of the House for
them to do so, but I cannot at this time agree
to have any amendments to the bill made.
The SPEAKER. The rule allows very lim-
ited power of amendment. The only amend-
ment in order now is an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Minnesota,
or an amendment to the original bill.
Mr. BANTCS. I will read the amendment
I desire to offer when the proper time comes.
I shall move, if I am permit led to do so, to
amend the seventh section of this bill by in-
serting after the word "including" the words
"the constitutional right to bear arms;" so that
it will read, "including the constitutional right
to bear arms, the right to make and enforce
contracts, to sue," &c.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose it will be in
order, if the previous question is not called, to
offer a substitute, notwithstanding the pending
amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to this whole order
of proceeding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct
in his point of order. This discussion is not
explanatory of the pending measure.
Mr. BROOKS. As a free white man, I
desire at least an equal chance with the black
man to be heard.
MrT DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, the bill
to which I offer this as an amendment is one
of those great and necessary measures growing
inevitably out of the rebellion. Having made
the slave a freedman, the nation needs some
instrumentality which shall reach to every por-
tion of the South and stand between the freed-
man and oppression.
I have proposed the amendment which has
been read at the Clerk's desk to increase the
powers thus granted ; so that this bureau, while
it protects and directs the negro, may educate
him, and fit him to protect and direct himself
in that not distant day when the bureau must
necessarily be withdrawn.
In this conncction I propose to submit to the
House a few general remarks, touching, how-
ever, the bill under consideration.
It is a subject of congratulation that we have
passed beyond those old and bitter days when
revenge and intolerance were theguidingprinci-
fdes of Governments. As victors in the mighty
struggle which has but lately terminated, and
as the superiors of the South in enlighten-
ment and Christianity, we can afford to bo mag-
nanimous to the greatest degree compatible
with public safety. That alone should be the
limit of our generositv, and beyond that wo
should not go a hair's breadth.
Wo must cultivate an enlarged national spirit.
We are and must always be one people. ' We
cannot advance the nation by despoiling any
partol'it. We cannot strengthen liberty hereby
inaugurating oppression elsewhere. We must
hasten that day when we will bo in mutual re-
gard, as we are in name, one people.
We must do all things necessary for the wel-
fare of the South, as well those things which
she desires as those which she does not desire.
But we must be the judges of that which is
for her welfare. We have no right to assume
that she was wrong in her rebellion, and right
in all the causes that led to it, and all the con-
sequences that flowed from it.
The southern insurrection was but the armed
expression of certain popular convictions,
which in their turn arose from peculiar social
conditions. The disease was radical and the
remedy must be not less so. We must lay the
ax to the root of the tree. We must legislate
against the cause, not the consequences; other-
wise we become the mere repressers of dis-
turbances, not a wise and provident Govern-
ment ; we play the part of the executioner, not
the law-maker.
Having prohibited slavery,we must not pause
for an instant until the spirit of slavery is ex- '
tinct, and every trace left by it in our laws is
obliterated.
The spirit of humanity cannot be illiberal.
Reform cannot work injustice. The right wrongs
no man. In all this we shall bless and benefit
the South and lift her up to a higher plane of
prosperity and greatness. It will be a work of
merey. To do otherwise would be to leave her
a prey to that misgovernment which has already
blasted her fair fields and filled her habitations
with mourning.
Mr. Speaker, it appears to me that in the
solution of this question we approach the great
■ test, I may say the crucial test, of our institu-
| tious and of the popular judgment.
I This is our time of opportunity.
The whole South overthro'wa, .disrupted,; dis-
organized, lies at our feet; it-is for us asvictoas
to prescribe the terms. If we fail to take ad-
vantage of the occasion which an unexampled
war and unexampled suceess have given- us,
it is impossible to estimate the evSs._ that will
follow. We may almost repeat tie melancholy-
prophecy of ITenry Winter ©avis:i"a failure
now will be final for our generation.".i " ;
Our great dange'r is indifference. :■ - .
In the exultation of success meaty imagine
that our country has swept past all peril. Itjis
not given us to know the dangers thaLawaitms.
Who could have foreseen the terrible war in
which we have been engaged? Who can an-
ticipate the quarter from which the next blow
will descend? It should never be forgotten that
nearly all the nations of the world are arrayed
against us; and that the enemies of liberal prin-
ciples are numerous and active everywhere.
While we may not fall upon that "universal war-
of opinion'' foretold by Mr. Seward, neverthe-
less we must expect -many open and not a few
insidious attacks upon our life. Be assured of
this, that if'by neglect we leave the avenues that
lead to the national heart unguarded they will
swarm with our enemies.
Indifference calls to its aid all the specious
arguments of hope.
We are told that time and change of circum-
stances will cure all the evils of the South.
Sir, I grant you that if the mind of the North
asserts its majestic sway in the South, and if
this measure and kindred measures demanded
by the majority in Congress are passed and en-
forced, we have much to hope for. But if we
permitted the reenslavement of the freedman
or his reduction to a condition of peonage, the
case would be far different. The indignation of
the world would once more isolate the South ;
and they would meet that indignation as they
met it in the old days of slavery,with dark and,
defiant brows. Instead of being absorbed in
the conquering population, like the Scotch or
the Welsh, they would remain-, like the Irish or
the Poles, a distinct people. They would pos-
sess a public sentiment, a history, a literature
of their own. Their representative form of gov-
ernment woukl intensity that public sentiment.
•The battles of the rebellion would be fought
over and over again upon this floor; crimina-
tion and recrimination would be the burden of
every debate; and the bitter feelings of both
sections would be maintained at white heat by
the appeals of passionate leaders. Nor would
this be all. The children of these people would
be educated to reverence the leade/s of the re-
bellion, and to place Lee beside Washington in
the niches of their hearts. Time will afford us
no relief. A new generation is not a new peo-
ple. The Irishman of to-day hates England
with as intense a hatred as the Irishman who
fought against Elizabeth.
Ho must indeed be of a sanguine temper
who can see in such a future anything but vio-
lence and disaster.
But we are told immigration will cure all this.
Immigration moves only in the direction of
prosperity. The amount of immigration to a
country is a fair indication of the number of
advantages it enjoys. If you hand the South,
over to themselves ; if you permit the oppres-
sion of the freedman ; if you permit the rees-
tablishment of slavery under a new name, you
will shut off immigration as effectually as it
was shut off in the old days of slavery. The
northern man would not be welcome there.
The European would not go there to labor in
competition with a wretched and degraded race.
If by wise laws you make the South prosper-
ous and happy, then you may expect immigra-
tion to pour in from every quarter. If by neg-
lect you leave her misgoverned and miserable,
she will hold out no more temptation to the
emigrant than Mexico now does.
. But we are told we must not pass such laws
as this; we must not intrude upon the South
' we must "trust the South." All that sheasks,
we are told, is that we will leave the negro to
her to manage.
