1366.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
39th Cong.. .IstSess,
Loan Bill—Mr. Lynch.
Ho. of Reps.
contraction; that to make money scarce and
dear you will approximate a specie standard
more certainly than in any other way. I ques-
tion the correctness of this theory.
As has already been shown, gold has de-
clined from two hundred and eighty to one
hundred and thirty per cent, under an absolute
increase of the currency. Will some one give
me a sound reasoning why the decline should
stop at this particular point? Will not the same
reasons which have forced it from its highest
altitude to its present point operate to drive it
still lower? If we should double our imports
to-morrow would not the price of gold advance,
even though at the Same time we withdraw
one hundred millions of greenbacks from cir-
culation?- If, on the contrary, we should re-
duce our imports and double our exports,
would not the price of gold decline without
contracting our currency a single dollar? Is
there any more certain way of paying our debt
abroad or of keeping our gold at home than
by increasing our exports? And is there any
more certain way of increasing our exports
than by stimulating productions? And is there
any more certain way of stimulating produc-
tion than by employing this very circulation,
the capital of the country, in developing its
vast resources of every character; in cheap-
ening the price of food by increasing the pro-
duction of food; in inducing immigration by
opening new and vast fields for development,
and in adding to the production of the country
so rapidly that a few years will give us a mo-
nopoly of the leading agricultural staples, bring-
ing the whole world to our doors to buy what
we have to sell, and keeping the balance of trade
as constantly in our favor in the future as it has
so uniformly been in favor of England in the
past? Instead of disturbing the entire busi-
ness interests of the country by an attempt^ to
compress the currency into channels in which
it was employed prior to its increase, would it
not be more natural, much easier, and far safer
to enlarge those channels to suit its present
volume? The business interests of the coun-
try are fast accommodating themselves to its
new financial condition; already are matters
so settled that contraction can scareelybe talked
of without advancing the rate of interest one or
two per cent., and I ask gentlemen which is the
true policy for the development of this country,
to make money dear or to cheapen it? Which
most stimulates the employment of labor and
the development, of capital, and thus adds most
to the wealth of the country, money plenty or
money scarce?
Mr. Speaker, in regard to our finances, we
have received and believed in the old and long-
established precedents of the nations of Europe.
Because it took Great Britain many years to
return to specie payments after an exhausting
war, the theory has been accepted almost with-
out question that we cannot do otherwise. Sir,
the experiences of the country for the last five
years have exploded many false theories and
falsified many sanguine predictions. It was
positively asserted by our foreign foes that the
South could not be conquered; that it never
yet had been that a free people of the numbers,
resources, and territory of the southern people
were defeated and compelled to submit to the
will of a conqueror; that we could not raise
armies sufficieut for the work; that we had no
money of our own and could borrow none in
Europe; that the armies, even if raised, would,
upon a return to civil life, so disorganize society
that Government would'be upheaved and civil
order destroyed.
Well, sir, we have seen the result of all these
predictions; we have astonished the civilized
world by setting at naught the most profound
theories of these modern sages; we have over-
turned the accepted notions and ideas of past
centuries, and in their stead we have hewn out
our own destiny in our own way, until we stand
on ground where wo may safely bid defiance to
the assaults of the combined physical and moral
powers of Europe.
In view of all these facts, so grandly and im-
perishably carved in our history, why should we
follow the ideas of Europe in regard to our
financial any more than we did in regard to our
military administration? Because the London
Times raises the cry and our own eroakers echo
it, that "we must have a financial crisis" in
passing from a paper to a specie circulation, is
it necessary for us to precipitate one upon the
country °n order to verify the predictions of
these prophets of evil ?
England said, you cannot carry on a war with-
out a European loan, and that you cannot get.
We spurned her prediction and appealed to our
own people : the response was so mighty that
even iSngland and all other enlightened nations
of Europe made haste to join the throng that
poured their money into our coffers eager to
buy our bonds and take our loans upon our own
terms. Shall we now say that we cannot re-
turn to specie payments because England under
circum stances of an entirely different character
did not do so for many years after a return of
peace? Such a reason it seems to me is not
worthy the name of an argument. The laws
of trade and the restoration of confidence are
bringing us steadily and surely to a resumption
of specie payments; any attempt to force a re-
sumption by legislation will defeat the object;
that confidence upon which a permanent re-
sumption of specie payments must rest will
neither be engendered nor strengthened by legis-
lative tinkering. The last Congress tried an
experiment in this direction by passing a law
to force down the price of gold; the result was
a rapid advance and the immediate repeal of
the law.
It is almost universally admitted that the
return to specie payments must be gradual.
Suppose, then, that the Government of the
United States takes the initiative ; not by a
contraction of the currency, but by announ-
cing, at as early a day as is practicable, that its
legal-tender currency will be redeemed in gold
on presentation at the Treasury, and then, to
aid the banks in following its lead, let the na-
tional banks be allowed to redeem in the legal-
tender notes thus put on par with gold by the
Government. With the basis of redemption
thus broadened it could not be long before the
business and the money of the country rested
as firmly upon a specie basis as ever.
I do not assert either the necessity or prac-
ticability of doing this immediately. The har-
vests of the present year are necessary to as-
sure us that the production of the country has
been resumed with greater vigor than ever;
with the volume of our exports daily increas-
ing, they must be greatly augmented a year
hence; with the flow of specie from the Pacific
steadily gaining] with the national debt se-
curely at rest in its present position, undergo-
ing no increase, and with a material reduction
of taxation already rendered possible by-the
condition of the country's finances, I can sec
no good reason why, under the present able
management of the Treasury, the Government
may not before all the Treasury notes now out-
standing mature—if not within a year from
this time—stand ready to redeem its own cir-
culation in gold.
It may be said, in objection to tliis7 that
neither the Government nor the banks can re-
sume specie payments because of the insuffi-
ciency of gold in the country. I answer that
specie payments do not and never have, ex-
cept to a comparatively limited degree, rested
upon the amount of specie in the country ; in
other words, specie payments Jiave been only
a pleasant illusion which was immediately dis-
pelled whenever a crisis occurred which dis-
turbed public confidence; people then has-
tened to demand specie for their bank notes,
and just then when it was wanted, and be-
cause it was wanted, it could not be had; the
banks suspended, fear took the place of con-
fidence, and the gold dollar was sold at a pre-
mium. The great underlying principle of specie
payments is public confidence; upon that rests
the question far more than upon an ability to
pay specie on demand. And where does a
greater degree of confidence exist than among
ourvown people that the Government has fhe
power, the means, and the determination to
protect the public credit, and to redeem and
pay off its liabilitias? Does any one suppose
that if the greenbacks were daily redeemed by
the Government in gold that there would be a
run upon the Treasury? To say nothing of
the impossibility of withdrawing any consid-
erable amount from the circulation for such a
purpose, the very fact that the paper dollar of
the Government was worth a dollar in gold at
the Treasury would, by the laws of trade, keep
them moving as the circulating medium, un-
diverted from their proper channels. In sup-
port of this theory of specie payments, and
the foundation upon which it has really rested
in times past, I will compare the amount of
currency afloat and the amount of specie in the
country at five different periods since 1830.
We had in
Specie. Circulation.
1830 $22,114,917 861,323,898
1840  33,105,165 106,968,572
1843  33,505,806 5S.563.608
1850  48,677,138 155,012,911
1800  83,594,537 207,102,477
Thus it will be seen that at no time during
this period, exccpt in 1848, did the banks have
specie enough to redeem but little over one third
of their circulation. It should also be borne in
mindthetthe banks having the least spccie had
the largest circulation, while the banks which
held the largest amount of specie had little cir-
culation, it would undoubtedly be within the
truth to say that $150,000,000 of the circulation
of 18GO rested upon a specie basis of less than
$30,000,000. This proves conclusively that the
paper circulation of the country never rested
upon an actual " specie basis," but on the con-
fidence of the community ; and whenever this
was shaken, the whole paper fabric fell. The
currency of the country never rested on so solid
a foundation, and was never so strong in the
confidence of the country, as to-day.
It is assumed that because we have more
than three times the amount of paper in circu-
lation that we had in 1860, ($207,000,000,)
therefore all over that amount is in excess of
the business wants of the country, and tends to
unsettle values and inflate prices. I think the
fallacy of this theory is in assuming that we
had in 1800 all the currency in circulation that
could be profitably used in the business of the
country. We had, undoubtedly, all that the
banking capital of the country at that time
warranted, and much more, as has been shown,
than could be redeemed in the promised specie.
But the fact that we are now using four times
the amount in the legitimate business of the
country, and with less speculation in merchan-
dise than at times when our circulation was
one quarter the amount, is conclusive that we
did not then have all we required and could
profitably use. The fact is, the business of the
country is only limited by the amount of capital
available to transact it. The banks, with their
§300,000,000 of circulation, have supplied the
old business, while the disbursements of the
Government have gone into hundreds of new
channels, have reached new classes, and have
placed the means of doing business within the
reach of more men than possessed them before.
It is assumed that the redundant currency is
the eause of the high prices of merchandise,
and that a reduction of the currency will biing
down prices and also enable us to return to
specie payments. But the fact is that gold
has fallen from 280 to 130 while the currency
has been increased, and merchandise which,
according to this theory, should have both
advanced with the increase of the currency and
