2610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
leges; which was referred to-the Committee
on Agriculture.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of assist-
ant assessors under the internal revenue law
in the ninth district of Illinois, praying for in-
creased compensation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS. I have received a memorial
the disposition of which has been a matter of
doubt with me. It is numerously signed by citi-
zens of Cortland county, New York. It speaks
of grievances that have long existed, and very
earnestly; but what those are I am unable to
discover; and, on the whole, as the meaning
and construction of a written instrument is a
question of law, I propose to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
EM3SH-WATEII BASIN TOR IRON-CLADS.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
a resolution of the city council of the city of
Portland, in the Stiite of Maine, in relation to
the preservation of iron-clads, to report the
same back, accompanied with a joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that resolution taken up and passed now. It
is only for the appointment of a commission.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to have it
read.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) author-
izing the appointment of examiners to examine
a site for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad ves-
sels of the United States Navy was read a first
time by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are they to examine sites
anywhere?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maryland ask for the reading of
the joint resolution at length?
Mr. JOHNSON. If what has been read
states the substance of it I do not.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. FESSENDEN. That
is the title merely.
Mr. JOHNSON". Then I ask for the read-
ing of the resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution, which
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Navy
to appoint a board of examiners to examine a
site at or near the city of Portland, State of
Maine, for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad !
vessels of the United States Navy, and ta as-
certain the advantages and cost of the site,
and _ report to Congress during the present
session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not the slightest
objection to that; but why should it be con-
fined to the city of Portland? Why not au-
thorize them to examine sites anywhere?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution is not before the Senate at present
for consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg pardon. I thought
it was under consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
it taken up if there is no objection, because
the time named in it for a report is so short. .
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object to it of
course.
Mr. CLARK. The clause directing a report
during the present session of Congress had
better be stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON. It cannot be done in the
time mentioned. What I suggested was, that
it was limiting the authority of the board. Is
the resolution now before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
it taken up and considered now.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
ill-. JOHNSON. I was about saying before
that J did not exactly understand, why the
board to be appointed under the authority of
this resolution was to be limited to the exami-
nation of a site at Portland.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain it, if the
Senator will allow me. There is- an important
public work going on in Portland by which the
Presumpscot river, which is near Portland, is
brought by a canal directly into the habor of
Portland, a little outside of the city. _ The engi-
neer in charge of the 'work says it is perfectly
practicable, at a very small expense, to give
the Government-all the room it needs for the
purpose of laying up in fresh water—not in
fresh and" salt water, but in absolutely fresh
water—these iron-clads; that it may be done
at the expense of some two or three hundred
thousand dollars, and any number of acres of
land may be covered by a little wall across the
mouth, and it will furnish all facilities of* that
description. I have been very anxious not to
urge the matter upon Congress, and have brought
in no bill on the subject, or anything of the
kind ; but at the very beginning of the session
I endeavored toprevail on the Secretary of the
Navy to have this site examined and reported
upon. Icouldgetno encouragement from him
that he would allow anybody to examine it and
make a report. He brought up certain objec-
tions, all of which, I thought, were entirely
untenable. He was urged strongly to just get
the facts, by a commission appointed by him-
self, who could say whether it was fit for this
purpose or not, and how much it would cost,
&c.
Mr. JOHNSON. He could have done that,
if he pleased. *
Mr. GRIMES. He had not the authority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He could send down
any man to do it, if he had chosen to do so.
He did not say he had not the authority; he
did not make that a point. He could have
sent, not a commission, but an engineer—there
are engineers in the employ of the Navy De-
partment—or any one of his officers to look at
it, and there would be no difficulty about it.
I could not prevail upon him to do it. Finally
a letter was handed to him by a gentleman,
" and he made the reply, substantially, that until
the question of League Island was disposed of
he would not hnve it examined.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permit
me to ask him whether this sine in Maine has
ever been examined by anybody.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been examined
by the engineer engaged upon the work of
which I have spoken; and he says that this
can be done.
Mr, JOHNSON. That I understand; but
has anybody examined it for the Government?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. So that they have had no
opportunity of comparing the two sites, the one
proposed at Portland and the one at League
Island?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; and I cannot
get an examination. I stated to the Secretary
distinctly, "Sir, I have no opinion about it; I
urge nothing in regard to it; I ask nothing in
regard to it except simply that you will ascer-
tain the facts for-yourself by one of your own
officers;" and up to this time I have not been
able to get him even to move to let the facts
be known to Congress or to anybody else.
Therefore it is that I want this resolution
passed to direct him to .send a commission
there to examine and report. .That is all.
Mr. FOSTER. [Mr. Pomeroy in the chair.]
Mr. President, I move to amend the resolution
by adding after the words "Portland, Maine,"
the words "and also New London, Connecti-
cut." '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
not do that. New London, Connecticut, has
already been examined by a commission. There
has been an examination and a report upon
New London. The Senator will not, I take it,
contradict that fact. I do not want so much
put upon this commission that they cannot
make a return at this session of Congress. The
examination at Portland can be made in the
course of a week; but if others are put on, it
nullifies the _ whole thing. Connecticut lias
already had its commission to examine New
London and to report upon it; and the report
is here. Now, I do not intend or desire to pu sh
this matter of Portland; I have no opinion on
the subject even, except that I do not see why
it might not be done there; but there are a
great many considerations that I am not able
to understand, probably, or to explain; still I
want a report on that as well as upon New
London; but I do not want another for New
London put on to this resolution.
Mr. FOSTER. It is far from my purpose to
interfere with or thwart the object which the
honorable Senator from Maine has in view.
The proposed amendment is not offered with
any such design. The Senator is not quite cor-
rect in saying that New London has had an
examination and report already on this subject.
There has been, it is true, an examination by a
.board appointed by the Secretary of the Navy
as it regards the fitness and the desirableness
of New London as a site for a navy-yard. But
this is a distinct question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was put precisely
upon this ground, as a place for iron-clads.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course I will riot contra-
dict what the Senator states.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was brought up in
opposition to League Island.
Mr. FOSTER. It is true that League Island
and New London came in competition; but the
principal cause for the examination of both
places was to ascertain the best site for a navy-
yard. That was the general purpose of the
board; and the matter of iron-clads came in as
an incident, and was by no means the principal
'cause for the appointment of the board ; nor
was their examination directed to that end only.
The question of iron-clads, as I admit, came
in; but the examination for a fresh-water basin
specially for the protection of iron-clads has
not yet been intrusted to any commission.
There has been no committee for such a pur-
pose ; there has been no examination of New
London for such a purpose, nor of League Isl-
and for such a purpose, but for the establish-
ment of a navy-yard. The very reason that the
honorable Senator gives, so far as it goes, is a
reason why this resolution should be amended
in this manner, because it will not consume
much of the time of the officer or officers who
may bo detailed for this purpose; for so far as
the examination has already progressed at New
London, it may be taken and will serve as an
aid to the board who are making the examina-
tion, and will not be an impediment.
I repeat, again, that I am by no means in-
clined to thwart the purpose of the Senator
from Maine; but I am desirous that New Lon-
don shall not be lost sight of in this examina-
tion, and that the peculiar advantages of that
harbor, both as a naval station and a navy-
yard generally, and particularly as a site for
the object which this resolution has in view,
should attract the attention of Congress. It
is not by any means either to delay or impede
the honorable Senator's object that I move the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know 'what
the motive may be ; but the effect is to prevent
my getting the report that I want to get; and
I do not think it is quite just or reasonable,
because there has already been a thorough
examination of New London; we know all
about it. There is no danger of its being lost
sight of, for I—and 1 presume all other Sen-
ators—have been perfectly overwhelmed with
communications and newspapers frora New
London with regard to it ever since the matter
was started originally. I have no objection to
the Senator's having a commission if he wants
one; but I do not think this resolution should
be embarrassed with it, because I have been
trying all the session to get a report on this
site during the present session of Congress.
I simply want an examination and report; and
I really hope the objcct I have in view will not
be embarrassed by piling on another site and
another and another, and thus defeating all.
I should, like to have this resolution stand by
itself and get the report of a commission on
this site. If there had been no examination
and report in regard to New London, I should
