1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"March 26,
States to tax" them, although the law upon the
statute-book at the time the bonds were issued
and went into the hands of the bond-holders
declared that these bonds should not be taxed?
Let us have the question of power settled first.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the gentleman wish
me to answer?
Mr. ROGERS. I do.
Mr. CONKLING. Without having heard
the whole question I will say 
Mi:. ROGERS. I will repeat the question,
if the gentleman so desires.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not necessary. I
understand it far enough to answer it.
As an oiiginal question I have no doubt, con-
• fining the question to bonds to be issued and
sold hereafter, that Congress may lax the bonds
of the United States. I have no doubt, either,
that Congress may leave to the States all sub-
jects of taxation which, as subjects of taxation,
lie within the domain and jurisdiction of the
States, whatever those subjects may bo. I was
asking the gentleman, and I wish now to go
back to the inquiry, exclusively with regard to
those Federal securities, those instrumental-
ities for raising money and carrying on the Fed-
eral Government which have heretofore been
created and invested with immunity from all
State taxation. Speaking only of these, I ask
whether lie means to say that without repudi-
ation, without a violation of the public faith,
we can now, either by delegating to the States
the power or by exercising it directly ourselves,
withdraw from those securities the immunities
which now attach to them, and which did from
their inception attach to them, and subject them
to the very taxation against which we guar-
■ aaitied the holders when they took them and
advanced their money.
Mr. ROGERS. As to the power to do it, I
presume it is unquestioned. I presume the
gentleman does not question it. As to the
policy, 1 am equally as clearly of the opinion,
and I think the majority of the American peo-
ple are so, that the $o,000,000,000 which are
invested in these Government securities ought
to bear the neeessarv burdens of State and Fed-
eral taxation according to the protection those
bonds and (hose men receive from the differ-
ent sovereign States of this Union.
Mr. CONK LING. I see that I am unable
to make myself clear. I will try once more.
I am not asking about the question of power.
Mr. ROGERS. I am talking about the
policy, too.
Mr. CONKLING. I assume, for the sake
of (he argument, all that thegentleman pleases
as to the mere question of power. 1 ask him
whether, without repudiation and violating the
public faith, any power may be exercised by
Congress which shall withdraw from these se-
curities the immunily enhancing their value
which holders relied upon when they look them
and paid their money for them.
Mr. ROGERS. I understand the gentleman,
and I understood him before. Yes, sir; I say
it would not bo in violation of plighted or pub-
lic faith, and would not have the first resem-
blance of repudiation to compel these bond-
holders—these rich. aristocratic bond-holders,
who have $8,000,000,000 invested in Govern-
ment securities, to pay taxes to the State and
Federal Government, according to the amount
of protection they receive from bolh, because
there is no guarantee to the contrary. It is not
a violation of public faitli, because, when the
law was passed, it was well understood that
Congress afterward might exercise its consti-
tutional power of taxation. It is a well-settled
principle that Congress or a Legislature may
exempt certain kinds of property trom taxation
one year, and the next year may compel every
one of those articles to pay tax, and yet not repu-
diate or violate public faith. It has been done
in my own State of Now Jersey. It is done in
almost every State of the Union. You cannot
find a single year passing without the Legisla-
ture of some State changing the taxation of that
Stale. Sometimes schools, colleges, coipora-
tions, or banks are exempted from taxation by ,
vntue of mere law, imt no one oyer pretended |
it was violating tho public faith or derogatory
to the State afterward to compel the things
before exempted from taxation to pay taxes.
Mr. STRO USE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. ' Does the gentleman mean to
say that all these S3,000,000,000 invested in
Federal securities are entirely exempt from tax-
ation ?
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir, not exactly; but
it amounts to that. There is no other tax but
a mere tax on income.
Mr. STROUSE. Suppose, then, that the
owners of this money invested in these bonds
had kept it, what tax would be upon them ?
Mr. ROGERS. Upon every dollar they had.
Mr. STROUSE. What law have you for
that ?
Mr. ROGERS. The law which taxes every
kind of property in the States.
Mr. STROUSE. Do we not pay five or ten
per cent, income tax?
Mr. ROGERS. I understand that. Do you
not pay income tax upon all incomes, whether
from these bonds or not? Do you not in ad-
dition pay income tax on all kinds of prop-
erty? Do you not pay school tax, township
tax, county tax, State tax, and Government
tax, from which the Government securities are
exempt?
Mr. STROUSE. Very well; one word more.
This is not a contract between the citizens of
a State; it is directly with the General Govern-
ment, with which the States, in my judgment,
have nothing to do.
Mr. ROGERS. I agree with the gentleman
that the law has relation only to the Federal
Government and to the citizens of the States,
and that the States have nothing to do with it.
But I propose that Congress shall legislate so
as to give authority to the States to have some-
thing to do with it.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to inquire
if this comes out of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER,. It does. This is the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. BLAINE. Has not the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. I was going to ask, then, that
the gentleman repress his remarks until some
Saturday and let the States be called.
Mr. ROGERS. Iproposc to go on, and claim
my right, and if gentlemen on the other side
or on any side do not agree with me, all I have
to say is, that this is the doctrine that tho Demo-
cratic conventions have enunciated in almost
every State of this Union, and which was enun-
ciated by oar revolutionary fathers when Par-
liament taxed the colonics different from what
it taxed tho English. It has just been enun-
ciated by the State convention of Indiana, and
was enunciated by both Democratic and Re-
publican conventions of New York, and I am
here to sustain it without regard to who may
agree or disagree with mo. It is well known
in this House that I speak what I consider right
regardless of consequences to me.
Mr.'RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to the gentleman from New Jersey
speaking for himself as he proposed when he
got up, but when he assumes to speak for the
Democratic party of Indiana or New York I
would like to have the resolutions read.
Mr. ROGERS. I have read the resolutions
of the Democratic conventions of New Jersey,
Now York, and of the other States, and they
all take ground, as President Johnson in his
message does, against a privileged class in this
country being exempted from taxation.
If we have no constitutional power to tax
these bond-holders, then I am opposed to doing
it, as I will not violate the Constitution. But
if we have a right, and it is equal justice, as I
am attempting to show in my argument, then
I am in favor of taxing them. I profess to be
a man of tho people, and to have the interests
and feelings of the downtrodden and hard-
working millions of this country at heart,
rather than those who staid at home during
tiie four years of bloody-war, while the poor
men went to the battle-field, and now, when
the poor soldier comes back from the war to
his little homestead, purchased with the small
bounty that he received, while he has to pay a
tax on his house and lot for State, county, and
school purposes, I propose that the rich aris-
tocrats who have remained at home and in-
vested all their money in Government securi-
ties shall not be exempted from taxation.
The principles of justice demand that the
holders of these Federal securities, this bonded
aristocracy, should pay their equal share of the
taxes of the country. And I am hero to-day,
without fear of what may come, to maintain
as long as there is breath in my .body the
principle of equal taxation, and to denounce
the aristocratic element in this country, which
rides over the rights of the masses.of the peo-
ple by being exempted from taxation to the
amount of $3,000,000,000, with the exception
of the paltry income tax of five per cent. I do
not deny that a State can bind itself by act of .
its Legislature to the performance of a solemn
contract, nor that the Federal Government
may also bind itself by act of Congress in a like
contract; but it must be an act embodying a
contract and not a simple law. A solemn
contract ought not to be violated; but there
is no such contract in the case.
I am opposed to repudiation, and yet I take
the ground here as a legal argument, and I
defy contradiction by any lawyer on either side
of the House, that the Federal Government, in
the exercise of its constitutional power, if it
sees fit, has a right by act of Congress to re-
pudiate the payment of every single dollar of
the whole debt.
And if the Federal Government has the
power to repudiate this debt, will any man
stand here and undertake to question the power
of the Federal Congress to impose a just tax
upon that debt, to make the holders of it pay
their just shaVe of taxation necessary to effect
the required purposes of the Federal and State
governments ?
Sir, I am well convinced there is not a man
north of Mason and Dixon's line who for one
moment would countenance even the faintest
attempt looking toward repudiation. I am not
here for the purpose of sustaining any such
doctrine. I am here for sustaining the great
lights of millions of people of this country who
arc burdened with the payment of taxes.
Look at my State alone. By the law of the
State of New Jersey a citizen of a school dis-
trict can be taxed to build a school-house.
Take, if you please, a poor man with six chil-
dren, who has invested his savings in building
for himself and family a little house. Perhaps
it is the bounty which is the result-of his labors
in the armies of the country, defending the
Union of these States. He will be taxed for
the construction of a school-house in the school
district whore he lives. Take another man, a
neighbor of his in the same district, with three
children, who is worth say §000,000. The man
with the six children went to the war and risked
his life in defense of his country, while the
man with §000,000 remained at home, and as
soon as bonds were offered in the market in-
vested every single dollar in them. After the
'war, when the soldier comes back, and the
tax-gatherer goes around and taxes him, he
collects a tax from him to build the school-
house, while the rich man, with his $000,090
invested in Government securities, is not called
upon to pay a single cent of taxation for the
construction of the school-house in which his
own three children are educated. Is it just or
proper that the rich man should be exempt
from taxation and it should be imposed alone
upon the poor man? Why should this rich
man, with $000,000 invested in Government
securities, be exempt from paying one single
cent toward building that school-house, when
the poor soldier is taxed upon his small savings
for that purpose?
W hen I see the poor man thus taxed to edu-
cate not only his own children, but the children
of the rich man, and the rich man exempted
altogether from taxation, I think I would be
lost to the duty which I owe to my country and
