58ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Mr. Speaker, we have trusted the South since
the formation of the G overnment.
The framers of the Constitution trusted that
slavery would speedily perish from the land.
To this end they interdicted the slave trade and
the extension of slavery to the northwestern
Territories. What has been the result ? From
a quarter of a million the slaves increased to
four millions; from a weak and helpless evil,
slavery grew into a powerful, warlike, 'and ag-
gressive system. The life of the nation well-
nigh paid the forfeit for this first great error.
But still we trusted her. We trusted she
would never seek to possess herself of the
whole of our Territories. The Dred Scott
decision was her answer.
We trusted on. We believed she would never
attempt-to destroy the life of the nation. The
confederacy was the reply.
Even-then we trusted her. We believed it
was but a feint, an electioneering trick, and
that she could not mean ,to destroy the life of
the nation. The guns that thundered against
Fort Sumter dispelled that delusion.
But even yet the sublime faith of many did
not desert them. They hoped against hope.
For two long years the war was conducted un-
der the belief that the South would yet return
willingly to the Union. Who can count the
heaps of slain, the piles of treasure, the lost
opportunities that terrible error cost us?
But, sir, faith was not even yet dead. In the
year 18ti4 a great party met in convention in
Chicago and resolved to "trust the South."
Our armies were to be recalled and disbanded,
all violent measures were to be given up, and
we were to throw ourselves upon the compas-
sionating bosom of the South and trust to her
to reestablish the Union.
It were time this fantasy were dead.
" The times have been,
That, when the brains were out the man would die;
And there ail end; but now they rise again,
With twenty mortal murders on their crowns,
And push us from our stools."
But it is not dead. The war has triumphed;
the South is prostrate; the safety of the coun-
try, the public faith, the plainest dictates of
common sense and common humanity all de-
mand that we shall inaugurate sweeping meas-
ures of reform, and regenerate and rejuvenate
the South; but in the very njomcnt when we
are moving on to the performance of our grand
duty we are again met in the face by the same
clamor, " We must trust the South."
Sir, I am ready to trust the South when we
have reformed the South, and not till then. The
South that made the rebellion, in the same tem-
per in ■which she made it, I never will trust.
Wo did not trust the suppression of the re-
bellion to the operations of time or immigra-
tion. We cannot trust the eradication of the
causes of the rebellion to any such agencies.
As we relied in the one case upon the strong
arms and sharp weapons of our soldiery, so in
the other we must rely upon the clear per-
ception and the resolute determination of our
statesmen.
Away with all such false and delusive hopes!
They are the snare of the weak and the argu-
ment of the crafty. Tyranny has no more
formidable weapons in all its armory.
Are we to believe that posterity will possess
more courage, more judgment, more virtue than
ourselves alter we have embarrassed them with
the results of our own cowardice and imbecility ?
Is it to be believed that the pure, sweet waters
of good government can flow from the impure
fountains of legislative neglect?
This is our opportunity. We must avail our-
selves of it. We cannot shuffle off this coil
upon the shoulders of posterity. The world
will judge us by the completeness and thor-
oughness of our work.
_ Shall nothing be born of this mighty convul-
sion, mightier by far than the old Revolution,
mightier than all the revolutions of the world?
Will the timidity of men halt far behind the
prodigious strides of events? Shall the earth
be shaken to its very center and not a single
idol in the old temple be thrown to the ground?
Sir, tMs is a new birth of the nation. The
Constitution will hereafter be read by the light
of the rebellion; by the light of the emancipa-
tion ; by the light of that tremendous uprising
of the intellect of the world going on everywhere
around us. He is indeed fearfully cramped by
the old technicalities who can see in this enor-
mous struggle only the suppression of a riot
and the dispersion of a mob. This struggle has
been as organic in its great meanings as the
Constitution itself. It will leave its traces upon
our y-overnment and laws so long as the nation
continues to exist.
There are certain measures upon which the
dominant party seem agreed. They are :
1. The amendment to the Constitution pro-
hibiting the payment of any debt contracted in
furtherance of the rebellion.
2. The amendment to confine the basis of
representation to those actually represented in
Congress.
3. The passage of the bill now under con-
sideration, enlarging the powers of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
The "first two practically amount to little. The
rebellion having failed, it followed that those
who furnished means to it should lose them.
Slavery having perished, it became a necessary
consequence that any inequality of representa-
tion originating out of slavery should perish
with it.
Are we lo stop here? Are the labors of the
mountain to produce only this?
Certainly not. There is an amendment
offered by the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] which provides in effect
that Congress shall have power to enforce by ]
appropriate legislation all the guarantees of
the Constitution.
Why should this not pass? Arc the prom-
ises of the Constitution mere verbiage? Are its
sacred pledges of life, liberty, and property to
fall to the ground through lack of power to en-
force them ? Shall the old reign of terror revive
in the South, when 110 northern man's life was
worth an hour's purchase ? Or shall that great
Constitution be what its founders meant it to
be, a shield and a protection over the head of
the lowliest, and poorest citizen in the remotest
region of the nation?
No argument can resist such a measure. If
you will not enforce your guarantees strike them
out. Let them not stand upon the front of the
temple empty lies and deceitful cheats. Let
it be at ouce understood that there is no na-
tional protection in our land for life, liberty, or
property, and let the law of "the good right
hand'' at once prevail.
The third measure, that under consideration,
should not awaken opposition. It, is right and
necessary. So long as oppression continues the
Government must intervene in behalf of justice
and liberty, and through what machinery can it
better intervene than through this bureau?
But, sir, even more than all this is needed.
What, let me ask, is the condition of the mind
of the South ?
A distinguished gentleman on this tloor has
said that in the last analysis the sovereignty of
the country is the ballot. This it is that makes
Congresses, Presidents, laws, and policies. Bat
there is something behind even this. There is j
the judgment of the citizen to direct the ballot. |
Hence the ballot itself, laws, policies, Con- I
gresses, and Presidents are but the formal ox- I
pressions of that judgment; and as that judg- |
ment is, so will be the nation. The best laws '
will not save an unworthy people from ruin, i
as is seen in the case of the South American j
republics. The worst forms of government will ;
not prevent a clear-headed race from struggling !
up to prosperity, as is seen in the history of
England. You may have as many constitutions, i
and as perfect as the fertile Sieyes kept in the
pigeon-holes of his desk, but they will prove of
110 avail if the people are not fit to receive them.
Gentlemen demand that the ballot shall bo uni-
versal. They must go further; they must insist !
that capacity to properly direct the ballot shall !
be likewise universal. I
Said Washington:
"In proportion as the structure of government gives
force to public opinion it is essentialthat public opin-
ion should be enlightened."
Said Jefferson, in the famous Ordinance of
1787:
"Religion, morality, and knowledge being necessary
to good government and the happiness ot mankind,
sohools and the means of education shall be forever
established."
Says Horace Mann:
"If republican institutions do waken up unexam-
pled energies in the whole mass of the people, and
give them implements of unexampled power where-
with to work out their will, then these same institiv
tions ought also to confer upon that people unexam-
pled wisdom and rectitude." -1- * * * "I
know we are often admonished that without intelli-
gence and virtue as a chart and a compass to direct us
in our untried political voyage we shall perish in the
first storm; but I venture to add, that without these
qualities wo shall not wait for a storm—we cannot
weather a calm. If the sea is as smooth as glass, we
shall founder, for we are in a stone boat."
Let us inquire, what is education?
It is a means to an end—the intelligent action
of the human faculties. He who is opposed lo
education is opposed to the enlightenment of
the people, and must necessaiily be their enemy,
since he seeks to himself some advantage out
of their ignorance, and strives to obscure their
judgment that he may the better mislead them.
It is not necessary to demonstrate the impor-
tance of education. The common sense of man-
kind approves it; the success of our nation at-
tests it; a million happy homes in our midst
proclaim it. Education has here fused all na-
tions into one; it has obliterated prejudices; it
has dissolved falsehoods; ithasannouneed great
truths; it has flung open all doors; and thank
God, it has at last broken all the shackles, in
the land! The rebellion sprang from popular
ignorance; its suppression came from popular
education. When the Englishman described
the North as a land "where every man had a
newspaper in his pocket," he touched at. once
the vital point of our greatness and the true
secret of our success.
Let the great work go on. Its tasks are but
half completed. Let it go on until ignorance
is driven beyond our remotest borders. This
is the noblest of all human labors. This will
build deep and wide and imperishable the foun-
dations of our Government; this will raise up
a structure that shall withstand the slow canker
of time and the open assaults of violence. The
freedom of the people resting upon the intelli-
gence of the people! Who shall destroy a na-
tion founded on this rock ?
The one great error <5f our country has been
that education was not from the very first made
a matter of the State, and as essential to the
citizen as liberty itself. Education means the
intelligent exercise of liberty, and surely with-
out this ljberty is a calamity, since it. means
simply the unlimited right to err. Who can
doubt that if a man is to govern himself ho
should have the means to know what is best
for himself, what is injurious to himself, what
agencies work against him and what for him?
And the avenue to all this is simply education.
Suffrage without education is an edged tool in
the hands of a child—dangerous to others and
destructive to himself.
Now, what is the condition of the South in
reference to all this ?
I assert that it is such as would bring disgrace
upon any despotism in Christendom.
The great bulk of the people are rude, illit-
erate, acini-civilized; hence the rebellion ; hence
all the atrocious barbarities that accompanied it.
The number of ignorant is indicated by the
proportion unable to read and write; indicated,
I say, but not fully shown, because, of the prac-
tically ignorant, of those who read neither books
nornewspapers, and are thus out off from acquir-
ing information through its ordinary channels ;
the proportion who have never learned their let-
ters or to write their names may bo small indeed.
I repeat, the condition of the South in this
respect would be shameful to any semi-civilized
people, and is such as to render a republican
Government, resting on the intelligent judgment
of the people, an impossibility.
