3570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
ciate the arduous duties of that honorable com-
mittee in deciding upon the conflicting inter-
ests of the various sections of our country. I
may say here, Mr. Chairman, that 110 one mem-
ber of that committee nor of this House stood
up more firmly for the interest of Pennsylvania
than my colleague, the honorable gentleman
from the Pittsburg district, [Mr. Moorhead.]
I am in favor of the protection of the interests
not only of my own State, bat also those of the
manufactures of our New England friends and
of all other sections of the country. Sir, the
. only thing that will mate us a great nation is
to encourage our own manufacturers. We now
pay the skill and sagacity of the manufacturers
of Europe nearly one hundred million dollars
annually in gold over and above our exchanges,
value for value. This might, in a great meas-
ure, be saved if we'would practice the policy
of England, to buy no manufactured articles
whi^h we may produce with profit to ourselves,
and to encourage no,foreign trade that does
not pay profit and produce general prosperity.
We now produce over $2,500,000,000 of man-
ufactures, which consume about two thousand
million dollars of agricultural products in food
and raw material, &c., and yet I am sorry to
say that there are free traders who would break
down this immense interest to foster a petty
trade with the manufacturers of Europe, who
never took more than $80,000,000 of our agri-
cultural products, exclusive of cotton, anyyear,
and often considerably less.
I was surprised, Mr. Chairman, to hear the
learned gentlemen from Iowa [Messrs. Wilsox
and Kassox] and the honorable gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hardin-g] finding fault with
tlie bill on the ground that it was too protect-
ive. It is a delusive idea to suppose that the
European manufacturers will purchase the vast
agricultural products of our western States.
They will buy none except they do not raise
sufficient at home, and then no more than
they can help. The only way for our western
friends to get a fair price for their grain and
meat is to encourage the building up of manu-
factories which will prevent this constant drain
of gold from our country. There is 110 neces-
sity for Americans purchasing their clothing
from foreign countries. I fear, Mr. Chairman,
that the abominable free-trade documents, got
up by those in the interest of foreigners, which
aie flooding our country and sent to every
member of this House, are calculated to poison
the public mind. I trust thai the people of
this countiy will see and feel the importance
of home protection, and follow the example of
that great man, Henry Clay, who was so much
revered, and though now dead yet lives in the
hearts of his countrymen. I am in hopes, Mr.
Chairman, that the day is not far distant when
we can have a tariff not only for revenue but
for complete protection to American enter-
prise.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate upon
this subject of coal.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee" rose; and the Speaker
haying resumed the chair, Mr. Scofieij) re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
adjournment over the f0ubth of july.
Ml', IvELLEY. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day, the Sth of July.
Mr. ELIOT. Z hope not. I demand the yeas
and usys. and tellers on the yeas and nays.
^Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Eliot and
Axooxa were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
.ayes twenty-four, noes not counted,
S^o the yeas and /lays were ordered,
ihe question was taken; and it was dteided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 47, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, An con a, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bid well, Bing-
ham, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Buekland, Cobb, Cook,
Cullom, Davis, Deming, Dixon, Dodge.Driggs, Eck-
ley, Egglo3ton, Eldridge, Farquhar, J?erry, Finck,
Glossbreimer, Hale, Aaron Harding, I!art., Hayes,
Hosan, Holmes, Hoopor, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, James E. Ilubbell, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Johnson, ICelley, Keteham, Latham, William Law-
rence, LeBlond,Marshall, Marston, Marvin. McRner,
Mercur, Morrill, Myers, Newell, Noell, O'Neill, Pat-
terson, Samuel J.. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice. Ritter.Ross, Sehenck.Shanklin, Smith, Spald-
ing, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas.
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Win-
field, and Woodbridge—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baldwin, Beaman,
Benjamin, Brandegee, Bromwell, ColFroth. Dawes,
Dawson, Eliot, Garfield, Griswold, Abner C. Harding,
Henderson, Higby, Hulburd, Julian, -Kelso, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Miller,
Moorhead, Morris, Moulton, Orth, Perham, Phelps,
Pike. Pomeroy, Price, Radford, JohnH. Rice, Rog-
ers, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Stilwcll,
Trowbridge, Upson, Henry D, Washburn, William B.
Washburn, and Windom—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bergen,
Blaine, Brooinall, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Darling, Defrees,
Delano, Denison, Donnelly, Damon t. Farnsworth,
Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Harris, Hill, Hotehkiss,
Aaahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. Edwin N.
Hubbell, Jenekes, Jones, Kasson, Kerr, Kuykendall,
McClurg, McCullough, Mclndoe, McKee, I\ iblaok,
Nicholson, Paine, Plants, William H.llandall, Rous-
seau, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Van Aeinam,
Ward, Warner, Elihu B.Washburne, and Wright—50.
So the motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORRILL said: Believing that there
will not be a quorum present to-morrow I vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. SCHENCK said: As it would be a
shame to vote against adjourning over the
4th of July, I vote "ay."
Mr. HALE said: Wishing to follow the lead
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means I vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union I move that all debate in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union upon the
subject of coal shall close in eleven minutes
after the committee shall resume the consid-
eration of the subject. I desire to give the gen-
tleman from West Virginia [Mr. Latham] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cop-
frotii] an opportunity to be heard, and wish
a minute or two myself.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff bxll^igain.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union 011 the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofihwd in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to withdraw my
amendment which is pending, as I find that it
complicates matters somewhat.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to amend the pend-
ing clausc by striking out the following words
beginning on line two hundred and 
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment would
not be in order pending the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas.]
Mr. LATHAM. Well, therf, I renew the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.] Mr. Chairman, with
reference to the remark made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwhix,]
that a duty of $1 GO per ton would afford no
protection to the coal interests, I will only
reply that that is all we ask. While Massa-
chusetts interests are asking one hundred
per cent, protectioa to many of their interests,
we ask only $1 50 per ton, which amounts to
twenty-five per cent.
I rise more for the purpose of indicating
what I believe should be the financial policy
of this country toward foreign nations than of
advocating any particular local interest. I
have thus far consistently advocated and will
continue to advocate the highest import duties
proposed'upon all articles which are or can be
produced in this country ; and I do this not with
a vie w primarily to the protection of American
enterprise and capital, but with a view to the
protection of the national credit, the index to
which is the gold value of our currency ; and
the protection thus given to enterprise and
capital is incidental and of secondary consid-
eration. My own convictions are that enter-
prise and capital will protect themselves the
world over when placed everywhere upon an
equal footing, and that they will seek the most
profitable channels of investment and prosper
most when least interfered with by legislation.
These being my convictions, I am for free trade
and unrestricted competition, for buying what
I must buy where I can buy it cheapest, and
selling what I have for sale where I can sell it
highest, when we can have perfect reciprocity
with all nations.
There is, however, sir, no proper or equita-
ble reciprocity in trade between different coun-
tries which do not recognize a common cur-
rency ; and consequently while greenbacks are
a legal tender in this country, and are not so in
England or other countries, I would protect
the public credit by prohibiting importations
from foreign countries until those countries
are willing to receive our securities at par.
There is no legitimate reason for a premium on
gold except that there are demands for monej',
debts to be paid which can be discharged only
with gold, and the greater these demands the
greater the premium on gold; or, in otberwords,
the depreciation of our currency, which must
remain with us a legal tender, and the gold
value of which is, as I have before stated, the
index to the national credit. In order, then,
to sustain the national credit and bring our
currency to a specie value we must cut otf, as
far as possible, all demands for money for
which our currency is not a legal tender. The
prohibition of importations will strike the evil
in its vitals and release the struggling credit
of the country from the encircling folds of this
anaconda which is crushing out its life.
And, sir, this policy is not for the protection
of the manufacturer and capitalist alone, but
for the protection and the interest of all, as all
alike are interested in the value of our cur-
rency; and home competition in the various
branches of enterprise will be sufficient to pre-
vent monopolies in any, will purify the chan-
nels of trade, and preserve a healthful equilib-
rium between all the departments of industry.
But for the sake of the argument, admit that
the prohibition of importations from abroad
wo.uld raise the price of commodities in this
country; it would at the same time, by cutting
off the demand for gold, raise the value of our
currency in a greater proportion than the price
of the article, and would thus enable us to pay
more easily for the article at the advanced than
we now can at the lower rate. To illustrate:
$1 50 in currency is now worth one dollar;
the prohibition of importations would raise the
price of goods say twenty-five per cent., but tlie
value of our currency fifty per cent. What
now at the lower rate is worth one dollar, but
costs in our depreciated currency §1 50, would
then at the advanced rate be worth §1 25, and
would cost no more in our currency then ap-
preciated to gold value, being a clear gain to
the consumer of twenty-five cents par in me
cost of the article — gold being always the
standard of values.
And, sir, we should bear in mind that all,
except the drones in society, occupy it the
same time the double relation of both producer
and consumer. What the farmer produces the
manufaeturer consumes, mid what the manu-
facturer produces the farmer consumes; and
so on through all the departments of industry,
