1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3571
through which capital and enterprise ebb and
flow lo seek a common level as do the waters
of the great deep.
Now. sir, just one word with reference to the
provisions of this section. My admiration at
the ingenuity with which this discrimination is
sought to be made in favor of British Ameri-
can coal is equaled only by my humiliation at
the thought that American statesmen are capa-
ble of making an effort to sacrifice a principle
of great national import and application for
the pecuniary advantage of a section, and of a
few capitalists of that section who have, in-
vested their means in these foreign coal-fields,
and who will pay by the duty proposed less
revenue to the Government by investing their
capital out of the country, than the same cap-
ital would pay under our internal revenue laws
if invested in an enterprise of the same char-
acter within the country. This proposition,
sir, is not based upon friendship for or a desire
for reciprocity in trade with Canada, but upon
considerations of a nature purely sectional and
selfish. Sir, let us have the principles of polit-
ical economy of uniform application through-
out oar entire common country, no invidious
discriminations between other nations of the
earth, protection to the citizen by protecting
the national credit, and reciprocity in trade
only where greenbacks are money.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COFFROTH. I will not undertake to
discuss the question of the tariff in the space
of three minutes which are allotted to me. I
only rise to state that the great coal interests
of Penns3rlvania and Maryland require that we
shall give an adequate protection, and while we
grant to other sectionsof the country that pro-
tection which they require, we ask it at the
hands of this Congress to give the coal inter-
est of Pennsylvania and Maryland the protec-
tion which the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] will alford.
If there is anything in the argument of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,]
it is in favor of the duty proposed to be put upon
coal. I say to the House that, in-my judgment,
his argument is conclusive in favor of the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
F. Thomas] for raising revenue for the Gov-
ernment. The gentleman goes on to state that
coal from Pennsylvania could not be trans-
ported to Boston for less than three or four
dollars per ton, and that no tariff would pro-
tect the interests of the coal regions of the
North unless the tariff would be fixed at that
rate. I will grant this in order to show the
gentleman the necessity of the adoption of the
proposed amendment as a revenue measure.
Now, sir, the object of this tariff is revenue.
Would not the tariff realize more revenue for
tlie Government if the duty on coal were fixed
at $1 50 per ton than if it were fixed at fifty
cents'? Why, sir, we pay a duty of twenty-five
per cent, on coffee, an article largely con-
sumed by the people. Why should not these
gentlemen living in New England pay Si 50
per ton on coal, which is not more than fifteen
or sixteen per ccnt. on the value of the article?
Mr. Chairman, as a question of revenue,
every member of this House, it seems to me,
should stand by the proposition of the gentle-
man from Maryland. If that amendment be
adopted it will realize three times as much
revenue from coal alone as will be obtained
under the rate of duty fixed in the bill. Be-
sides, sir, we ask the adoption of this amend-
ment to protect the interests of Pennsylvania,
bo that one prominent branch of industry in
our State may not suffer by the importation
of coal at a duty of fifty cents per ton, while
other sections are enjoying a large percentage
on their manufactures and products.
Mr. LATHAM withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MOIIRILL. I mopro forma, as an
amendment to the amendment, to fix the duty
at one dollar. I desire to present to the Com-
mittee of the Whole some statistics with refer-
ence to the importation of coal, although near^T
the same I presented on a former occasion. _ The
whole quantity imported free under the recipro-
city treaty during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1804, was 283,483 tons, of which 202,899 tons
went to New England, while 80,584 tons were
carried to New York. The quantity imported
and paying duty during the same period was
250,234 tons, of which 212,545 went to New
York and 37,609 tons to New England. Thus
it will be seen that the larger amount of the
coal imported from abroad and paying duty
goes to New York, the competing point. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mv.Boctwell]
well said it would be impossible to fix any duty
short of four or five dollars per ton that would
compel the use of this Pennsylvania and Mary-
land bituminous coal in New England. I give
these facts so thatthe House mayjudgeforitself
as to the merits of the question. I trust that
the bill will be allowed to stand as reported, so
far as coal is concerned, or at any rate that no
material change will be made.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I desire, with the per-
mission of the committee, to make an expla-
nation of the position of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed by
order of the House, and an explanation is in
the nature of debate.
Mr. F. THOMAS. _ Well, I will rise to a
point of order, and in that way accomplish
my purpose. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether, if my amendment be adopted, the
bill does not still stand open 
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 rise to a point of
order.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Well, I will take my
seat rather than have any controversy.
Mi\ MORRILL. I modify my amendment
so as to make the duty seventy-five cents per
ton.
The amendment of Mr. Morrill was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. F. Thomas.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. If the amendment which
I have proposed be adopted, will not the par-
agraph still be op.en to amendment, so thatthe
rate of duty may be changed ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland prevails the par-
agraph, as amended, will still be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. F. THOMAS. That is all I want to
know.
The question rccurred on the amendment of
Mr. F. Thomas.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 53, noes 48.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Morrill and
Mr. F. Thomas were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 52, noes 52.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before passing the next
section I move to insert after section five the
following:
On slates of all kinds except roofing slate, sixty per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his amendment until we have got
through with the pending section.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
whole paragraph in reference to coal and in
lieu thereof to insert the following:
On candle or cannel coal, and on all "bituminous
and otlier coal, §1 25 per ton of twenty-eight bushels,
eighty pounds to the bushel.
Mr. ALLISON. That is the existing law.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by making it
"one dollar."
Mr. STEVENS. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point that it is
not in order for the gentleman to withdraw his
amendment, there being now an amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. No vote has been taken.
• The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, no action having been taken on
the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to amend by
making it two dollars per ton.
The amendment to the amendment tvas dis-
agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by making it
one dollar.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 41, noes 42 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Pike and Mr. Kblley.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 51.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to add the follow-
ing:
On slates of all lands except roofing slate, sixtyper
cent, ad valorem; and on slate pencils, eighty per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment 
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed on
this section, by order of tlie House.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes thirty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. JOHNSON demanded tellers ; and Mr.
Hooper of Massachusetts, and Mr. Johnson,
were appointed.
The committee again divided; and thetellets
reported—ayes 55, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to add the
following :
On roofing slate, three dollars per square.
Mr. MORRILL. Let it go at forty per cent.
ad valorem. It is now thirty-five, and I think
the addition of five per cent, is enough.
Mr. RICE, of Mahie. I do not accept the
modification.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I now move the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Vermont, of forty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 6. And be if further enacted, That, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the importation
of tho articles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid tho following duties and
rates of duty, that is to say: on wines of all kinds
valued at not over twenty-live cents per gallon, cost
of cask included, forty cents per gallon; valued at
over twenty-live cents and not over one dollar per
gallon, seventy-five cents per gallon; valuedatovor
one dollar per gallon, one dollar per gallon and
twenty-live per cent, ad valorem: Provided, 'J^fcat all
wines in bottles shall be subject, in addition to the
foregoing rates, to a duty ut the rate of one dollar for
each dozen bottles containing not more than one
quart for each bottle: And provided further, That
upon bottled wines no allowance shall be made for
breakage, and tho invoico quantity shall not bo re-
duced, but shall be increased if found deficient: And
provided further, That no champagne or sparkling
wines in bottles shall pay a, less duty than six dollars
per dozen bottles, each bottle containing not more
than one quart and more than one pint: or six dol-
lars per two dozen bottles, each containing not more
than one pint: And provided farther. That wines may
be imported in botiles containing not exceeding one
quart each, when the package shall contain not less
than one do'sen bottles; and any brandies or other
spintuous liquors may be imported in casks of any
capacity, containing not less than thirty gallons;
and any wines, biandies. or other spirituous liquors
imported on and after the 1st day of October, 1866, m
any less quantities than herein provided tor, shall be
forfeited to the United States.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of the third proviso the follow-
ing:
Or six dollars per four dozen bottles, each contain-
ing not more than one half pint, ill which class the
additional duty on the bottles shall be twenty-five
cents per dozen.
Mr. MORRILL. That is very proper, espe-
cially for bachelors.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out in line
ten the words "twenty-five " and insert. " sev-
enty-five;" so that it will read, "valued at
over one dollar per gallon, one dollar per gal-
lon and seventy-five per cent, ad calorem." I
make this motion because wines costing over
a dollar a gallon are only required to pay a
