1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
to that grand principle of equal taxation which
lies at the foundation of the American Govern-
ment and to the memory of our forefathers,
who so strenuously protested against unequal
taxation by the English Parliament, if I did
not raise my voice in behalf of the working,
mercantile, and farming classes of this country,
who, under this law, have such injustice inflicted
upon them.
The Constitution also says that no State shall
make anything but gold and silver coin a legal
tender, but it nowhere says the Federal Gov-
ernment shall not do it, yet the Supreme Court
has decided, because there was no express
restraining clause in the Constitution prohibit-
ing the Federal Government from making any-
thing but gold and silver coin a legal tender,
that "'greenbacks" were a legal tendef, and
that the Government could compel us to take
" greenbacks' '_.is gold and silver. In the same
way it prohibits a State from impairing the
obligation of a contract, yet it nowhere pro-
hibits the Federal Government from impairing
the obligation of a contract. Because the Con-
stitution of the United States has lodged in
the Federal Government that power, it is just,
legal,: right, proper, and equitab.le to make every
man in this countrj-, however rich or however
poor, pay tax on the amount of funds he has
invested m any property without regard to what
that property may be.
Take the State of New Jersey. Suppose that
State has $100,000 worth of taxable property,
and that. $90,000 of it were invested in Gov-
ernment securities, then there would only be
$4,000 in the whole State for it to lay its tax
upon, in order to carry on its government. If
this rule is to be carried out, it might go to an
unlimited extent, and deprive New Jersey of
all taxation of her own citizens to carry on the
necessary functions of her own State govern-
ment.
Where is the man who professes to love the
principles of the Democratic party, and follow
the doctrines of Thomas Jefferson, who will
deny that equal taxation is just and right, or
that in this country, upon the broad principle
of liberty and justice, every man oughi to pay
taxes in proportion to the amount of his prop-
erty? Sir, there, is one thing which will drive
the Republican party from power, if nothing
else will; and that is this : if they refuse to au-
thorize the taxation of these Government secu-
rities the masses will at some future day rise in
indignation, determined that this bonded aris-
tocracy, exempt from taxation, shall not exist
in this country.
No one upon the other side pretends to deny
that the Federal Government is endowed with
the power to exercise this taxation. Why, then,
should men who have invested their money in
Government, securities escape taxation? They
bought those securities when gold was worth
150 to 2ol). They bought them with green-
backs. Many of those securities are payable
in gold. The holders of them have realized
from twel\ e to fifteen per cent. They have
been exempted from taxation now for about
three year*. I want to know why they should
be exempted any longer.
Mr. CONKLING. When the gentleman says
that he wants to know, does he really mean it?
If so, 1 will answer him.
Mr. 110 G E RS. I understand the gentleman's
ground. It is that this taxation is against the i
policy of the country. i
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no, that is not my '
ground. I want no privilege that can be hon- !
eslly avoided. j
Mr. ROGERS. Then the gentleman holds !
that taxation of these bonds would be a viola- j
tion ofplighied faith? !
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir, as to those j
which the nalion's faith is solemnly pledged i
no! to surrender to taxation—only those. !
Mr. ROGERS. The gentleman does not
deny tln.i. we have the constitutional right to i
exercise (his power of taxation, but maintains ;
thai it would be a violation of the faith of the :
country to do so. i
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from [
New Jersey allow me to interpose a word, in
answer to a question which he has asked ?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman asks why
we should not tax these bonds. My only an-
swer is, because we promised upon the faith of
the Government of the United States that we
would not tax them.
Mr. ROGERS. I say that there has been
no such promise. Congress simply declared
by a simple law that the bonds for the time
being should be exempt from taxation. With-
out any such law they wouhl have been exempt
from State taxation; and because Congress saw
fit to sanction it by a law it makes the obliga-
tion no more sacred ; and we are just as much
authorized now, in the face of that act of Con-
gress, and without a violation of plighted faith,
to authorize the States to tax the Federal se-
curities as we would have been if that act of
Congress had never been passed.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman an-
swer one more question?
Mr. ROGERS. I will.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman ex-
plain the difference between his proposition to
allow the States to tax bonds which were taken
and paid for by bona fide holders, under a prom-
ise that they should be exempt from State and
municipal taxation, and a proposition to re-
duce, say one per cent., the interest to be paid?
In other words, would it not be just as fairand
equitable for us to say now that, upon a six
per cent, bond we will pay only five per cent,
interest, as to say that, though wo continue to
pay six per cent, nominally, we will withhold
one per cent, by permitting State or municipal
taxation to that or a greater extent?
Mr. ROGERS. No,-sir; the cases are not
at all analogous. The rate of interest is of the
essence of the contract. If a man gives aprom-
issory note payable three months after date
with interest at a certain rate, that interest is a
part of the contract, and when he refuses to
pay the interest he refuses to pciform the con-
tract. But, sir, if a State gives its obligation
to an individual, payable if you please in six
months after date, with interest at five per
cent., does that prove that it is repudiation if
the State, before the time for the payment of
that obligation arrives, should, in the exercise
of its sovereign power, declare that that obli-
gation shall bear its share of the necessary bur-
dens of taxation imposed by the State in pur-
suance of a fundamental right of its govern-
ment ?
If the Federal Government, plighting its faith,
had entered into a contract with the bond-hold-
ers. saying, !' If you will take these bonds, they
shall never be taxed," I am the last, man who
would stand here to advocate that Congress
should either delegate or exercise the power
of taxation m violation of the contract. But,
sir, the declaration in the law of Congress
passed two or three years ago, that these bonds
at that time should not be liable to taxation,
constituted no agreement, contract, or com-
pact,. express or implied on the part of the
Federal Government with the bond-holders
that the bonds should be exempt from taxation
for all time to come.
Mr. GRINNELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to inquire whether
the gentleman subscribes to that Democratic
letter written a short time since, declaring:
"If we should now in the first place succeed Ir. j
taxing the bomfs. then we shall ho leady to demand j
lhattiio>e holding the bonds *ha]l receive for their
bonds what they paid for them, taking a cold stand-
ard; and then, if they wilt do that, null we not be
prepared to put the rebel indebtedness on a pai with
this, and so &o upon the market?"'
That is the position which has been taken by
certain Democrats in this country.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not subscribe to any
such doctrine as that. To compel these bond-
holders to surrender their bonds before those
bonds aresurrenderable upon their face, would j
be a violation of plighted faith, and a repudia- i
tion of an express contract entered into by the !
Federal Government with the" bond-holders. I
am opposed to repudiation in every shape. The
time in which they shall be paid and the rate
of interest are in the bonds themselves, and are
an express contract which should not -be vio?
lated.
What I am now asking is that taxes shallbe
levied in this country upon the equitable prin-
ciples of justice, and that all men shall pay'
taxes according to the value of their property,
regardless of what that property may consist.
What reason is there that a man with, wealth
amounting to a million dollars invested in secu-
rities of the Federal Government, should reside
in the State of New York, or any other State,
and pay no taxes to the State, and but a dis-
proportionately small amount to the Federal
Government, while he enjoys the protection of
both governments and is allowed to partici-
pate in all the privileges of citizenship, while
the toiling millions of the country have their
meager means subjected to a heavy taxation,
the rich aristocrats are living in luxury and
paying eomparitively no taxes?
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman has been
very good-natured in yielding toothers; will
he permit me. to ask him a question?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. I happen to have in my
family a lady of Celtic extraction, an artist
who attends to matters relating to the cham-
bers in my household. By " aristocrats " she is
ordinarily called a chamber-maid. [A laugh.]
Within the last year she callcd upon me and
placed in my hands a small sum of money,
which by frugality she had accumulated from
her small earnings, and requested me to invest
it in United States securities, which I did.
Now, I want to ask the gentleman if that per-
son is included in the designation "aristo-
crats," against whom he has inveighed here
for an hour?
Mr. ROGERS. No. sir, that lady is not
included. But 1 will tell you who is included:
those men who have made money out of the
blood and misery that have been stalking
throughout our land for the last five years; the
men who have almost drawn the life-blood from
this nation in their greed of wealth ; the men
who remained at home while the poor man
went out and periled life and limb in defense
of his country. Sir, had it not been for the
poor men Ibis country would have gone to
ruin and destruction. The men who are un-
able to buy bonds of the Government because
rhey have not the money to invest in them,
they arc the men who are entitled to the credit
of putting down this most unjust and unright-
eous rebellion. And I am here to-day as the
friend of the poor mail who has risked liis life
that his country might be saved; as the friend
of the widow and the orphan, to call upon the
Congress of the United States to break up this
most pernicious aristocracy of the land and
make taxation equal upon all men throughout
our country. I am here to claim equal and
exact justice to all men in this regard.
The President, Andrew Johnson, in his mes-
sage to the Congress of the United States, sus-
tains the same doctrine that 1 am advocating
here to-day. I know you do not like him ; I
know you do not likehis Democratic doctrines.
But tlicy are doctrines which contain the ele-
mentary principles which lie at the foundation
of our Government. He says that no privi-
leged classes should be allowed to exist in this
country, that all should share equally ill the
burdens necessary to sustain, support, and
eai'iy on this Government. Y\hat does that
mean? It means that it is not fright that
S3,000.0110,000 should be exempt from taxa-
tion. and that, one fifth or one sixth of the en-
tire wealth of this country should be locked
up in the coffers of those rich aristocrats, and
not allowed to be touched to the extent of one
cent, by taxation: while the western farmer .
who is selling his produce below the cost of
its production, the mechanic who is working
for his daily bread, the merchant who is trem-
bling at. the crisis which even now threatens to
overwhelm him, are compelled to pay their
