3572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
specific duty of a, certain amount and twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem. Now, I believe
that some oI tliese wines cost several dollars a
gallon. Jf so yon have made tlie duty on the
costly wines much less in proportion than it is
on the cheap wines. The object of ray amend-
ment is to make the men who drink those
costly wines pay a good revenue to the Gov-
ernment. If there is anything that ought to
pay a revenue to the Government it is the lux-
uries of life; and without knowing anything
about it experimentally, I take it to be a self-
evident fact that the high-priced wines are
considered a luxury in this country. If so,
they ought to pay a high rate of duty.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe the rates now in
the bill are as high as they have ever been be-
fore. The duty proposed is one dollar per
gallon or equal to one hundred per cent, on
wines valued at over one dollar per gallon, and
in addition to that twenty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem. I trust the amendment will not prevail.
I think either for revenue or protection the
present duty is ample.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Price, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Messrs. Price and Smith.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-two, noeo not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
* Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out in line six the words ''twenty-
five" and insert "fifty," so that it will read,
"on wines of all kinds valued at not over fifty
cents per gallon, cost of cask included, forty
cents per gallon." That is the same as the
present tariff. As to the price, it will be per-
ceived that upon wine at twenty-five cents a
duty of forty cents per gallon is over one hun-
dred and fifty per cent. • We thus charge for
the cheapest and poorest wine which the poorer
people consume a much higher rate than we
charge for the more costly wines.
Mr. PRICE. I undertake to say, without
the fear of successful contradiction, that the
wines that are brought into this country are
■undervalued nineteen times out of twenty, just
to allow the wine drinkers to get their wines
in at a certain price; I mean as a general thing.
There are exceptions to all general rules. I
do not of course mean anybody here. The ob-
ject is to allow these wines to come in without
paying anything. The very thing gentlemen
ought to be willing to put a tariff on for rev-
enue to the Government they are exceedingly
anxi^yts to have exempted. While the neces-
saries of life, a large majority of them, are
taxed almost beyond endurance, these things
that men who drink ought to be willing to pay
for—and I presume a largemajorityare willing
to pay for—gentlemen are now anxious to evade
in some way, so that we shall receive no tariff
from them whatever. I hope that the amend-
ment will be voted down. Allow them to bring
in wine at fifty cents a gallon and there will
not any of it cost by the invoice price more
than that, I presume.
The amendment was not agreed "to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to strike
out in line nine "seventy-five" and insert
"$1 50," so that it willread, "valued atover
twenty-five cents and not over one dollar per
gallon, SI 50 per gallon." I am perfectly aware
that m the frame of mind in which the House is
now found it is extremely difficult to carry any
amendment against the weight of the Committee
of Ways and Means. But I hope the committee
will look into this section and see justwjhat this
provision is. As the bill stands, it provides that
on wines of all kinds valued at over twenty-five
cents and not over one dollar per gallon the
tariff shall be seventy-five ccnts per gallon.
Now, every man in this committee understands
very well that under this provision of the bill
there will be no wines imported at thirty, forty,
fifty, sixty, or seventy-five ccnts a gallon, be-
cause between twenty-five cents and one dollar
a gallon the duty is the same. And the result
will be that there will be no wines imported
under this clause of the bill, except such wines
as are worth a dollar a gallon. They will- all
be brought up to that standard for importation,
and reduced down afterward, so that the im-
porter -shall pay the least possible duty upon
the wines whieli he may import. Now, one of
the results of this provision, as will be seen by
any one who will examine it, will bo that wines
worth one dollar a gallon will pay a duty of
only seventy-five cents per gallon. Now, com-
mon whisky pays a tax of two dollars per gal-
lon, and I hope the committee will adopt the
amendment I have offered, so that the tariff
upon foreign wines imported into this country
shall be in some sense equal to the tax which
is levied upon common whisky.
Mr. ALLISON. I know very well the dif-
ficulty that now exists in regard to importing
wines of different values. The Committee of
Ways and Means desire to have, as nearly as
possible, a uniform duty upon the importation
of foreign wines, as they now have a uniform
duty upon brandy, charging upon the finest
article of brandy the same duty that is charged
ugon the cheaper article. Sir, the very reverse
of the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrexce] is true. Under the existing
law we have but three valuations, one under
fifty cents per gallon, another over fifty and
under one dollar per gallon, and the other over
one dollar per gallon. The result is that seven
eighths, or perhaps nine tenths of all the wines
imported into this country to-day under the
existing tariff come in at fifty cents per gallon,
invoiced abroad at that price. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means desire, so far as they
can, to correct the existing evil of under-
invoicing these wines : therefore we made the
classification in this bill so as to charge upon
wines valued over twenty-five cents per gallon
a duty of seventy-five cents per gallon instead
of fifty cents as now. And seventy-five cents
per gallon is certainly as high a duty as this
class of importations will bear; it is in nearly
every instance from one hundred and twenty-
five to one hundred and fifty per cent, of the
cost value. There are very few wines imported
into this country at an invoice price higher than
one dollar per gallon. And under the classi-
fication proposed in this bill all the wines that
come into this country will come in under the
second class, and pay a duty of seventy-five
cents per gallon instead of fifty cents per gallon
as now.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating debate
upon the paragraphs relating to wine, ale, and
porter.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose.; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
• enrolled bills.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H, R. No. C13) to continue in force
and to amend an act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 683) for the relief of J.
Judson Barclay.
HOLDING AX EVENING SESSION.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would ask the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] if he ex-
pects that the House will hold an evening ses-
sion to-day.
Mr. MO RR-ILL. I hope that the House will
be willing to have an evening session.
Mr. LE BLOND. If it is contemplated that
we shall have an evening session I think we
hud better take a recess now aa it is after four,
o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL. Let us hold on till half
past four o'clock.
Mr. LE BLOND. If we are not to have an
evening session we can sit awhile longer now.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, in order to de-
termine the question, that the. House take a
recess to-day from half past four to half past
seven o'clock; and that the evening session
be devoted exclusively to the consideration of
the tariff bill.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to lay
that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Hardin~g] is not in
order.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Morrill ; and upon a division there vvero
—ayes 49, noes 45.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. OR'l'H called for tellers.
Tellers were ordere'd; and Messrs. Op.th and
Garfield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 52.
So the motion of Mr. Morrill was not
agreed to.
tariff hill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all debate on the paragraph relating to wine,
ale, and porter terminate in one minute audi
a half.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order. *
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill' of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Lawrexce, of Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire merely to say that
the lowest rate provided in the bill was in-
tended to include and does include only a
small class of imported wines, used mainly
for xnedieinal purposes. I refer to the low-
priced claret wines which hardly cost more
abroad than the first quality of cider does here.
They are often prescribed for persons in a low
state of health by our best physicians. I trust
that the bill will in this particular be allowed-
to remain as reported.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio., I hope the
committee will understand that' the remarks
of the gentleman do not relate to my amend-
ment at all.
The amendment of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio,
was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cigars, cigarettcs, and cheroots of all kinds,
-three dollars per pound, and, in addition thereto^
fifty per cent, ad valorem ; and no taro for the box in
which any cigars, cheroots or cigarettes are packed
shall be allowed in ascertaining the weight: Pro-
vided, That paper cigars and cigarettes, including
wrappers, shall bo subject to the same duties a? are
heroin imposed upon cicrars: And provided further,.
That on and after the 1st day of August, 18'iG, no
cigars shall be imported unless the same are packed
in boxes of not less than five hundred cigars in eac-h
box; and no entry of any imported cigars shall bo-
aliowed of less "quantity than three thousand in a
single package; and ail cigars on importation shall
be placed in public store or bonded warehouse, and
shall not be removed therefrom until the nunc .-hall
have been inspected and a stamp affixed to each box
indicating such inspection, with the date thereof.
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to provide therequisito stamps, and to make all
necessary regulations for carrying the above pro-
vision.oflaw into effect.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by striking
out "three," in the first line of the paragraph
just read, and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"two;" so that the clause will rood, "on
c%ars, cigarettes, and cheroots of all kinds,
kvo dollars per pound." By the existing tariff
cignrs are graded according to their cost pcf
