m
APPENDIX TO tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Orider.
39th Cong.... 1st Skss.
tolerate any protracted arbitrary government of the
rebel States, even-- if Congress has the right so to
govern during the rebellion- It would be the accu-
mulation of vastly too much power in the Federal
Government, leading to rapid consolidation and the
overthrow of the most necessary safeguard of the
cation's liberty."
A republican form of government is such as
the States have themselves fofmed, uninfluenced
by others; such as the States now have, atid
upon which, and in view of which, they we're
admitted into the Union; and such as any peo-
ple of any State may form for themselves not
m conflict with the precedents of the Govern-
ment nor the paramount law of the nation.
There is no power in Congress to say to the
Bouse you must not admit the members of a
State until the State passes laws or conforms
to certain conditions; no precedent can be
produced resting upon constitutional authority
for this course; and if prosecuted to the exclu-
sion of members and' Senators duly elected,
from-House and Senate itamounts to despotism
and revolution. I rely upon the authorities
quoted to show the insurrectionary States are
in the Union—until very recently it has never
been denied—and I now proceed most briefly
to show they have been so treated by Congress
during the whole rebellion. We have seen what
was the object of the war; what Was intended
to bo accomplished-. We always, in Congress,
claimed jurisdiction over all the States. We
repeatedly gave representation ill Congress to
States in insurrection—I instance Virginia,
Louisiana, and Tennessee. These States, some
of them, were then in insurrection; and if out
of the Union, as is now contended, why was
this done?
In August, 1861, Congress passed a law as-
sessing direct tax on Tennessee for $670,000,
as I believe, and all other States in their just
proportion.
In July, 1862, Congress passed a law to. pro-
vide internal revenue, operating upon Tennes-
see and all the States, and even now, so far as
the law is concerned, collecting revenue under it.
Inl863 Congress passedalaw fixingthe ratio of
and apportioning representation for Tennessee
and nil the States, both North and South. This
certainly was a full recognition that the south-
ern States were in the Union, and that they were
entitled to representation, especially when the
insurrection was suppressed, leaving the House,
according to the Constitution, to be the judge
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its members, divested of any conditions or terms
imposed upon them from any extraneous inter-
meddling source whatevei'.
In 1864 the revenue law was amended and
continued in operation alike upon all the States;
and I believe in that same year Hon. Andrew
Johnson, a citizen of Tennessee,was nominated
by the majority now in Congress as Vice Presi-
dent of the United States. He was constitu-
tionally eligible and elected, and now by oper-
ation of the Constitution is President of the
United States. How, then, can gentlemen con-
tend that Tennessee is out of the Union, or was
ever out of the Union? All this happened and
we never heard a word about the States being
out of the_ Union. We were spending thou-
sands of millions, sacrificing many lives in camp
and field, and breaking up the prosperity and
peace of our whole people to establish the con-
trary fact and theory, to maintain the supremacy
of the Constitution and preserve the Union.
In 1865 the Federal arms were victorious and
the insurrectionary army surrendered. Never
until that fact was announced did we hear this
new theory about States being dead, not sus-
taining practical relations, being out of the
Union. I have been at a loss to see any good
reason for this great change, this opposition to
so large a portion of the United States, and
this opposition apparently local, sectional, and
unjust. We think it cannot be founded on prin-
ciple. It must be that we need the revenue to
combat the enormous debt that threatens us,
and so tax the southern States as Territories;
but if you give them representation, a correla-
tive right, then the power in the Government
may take a different stand-point and the peo-
ple find other men to administer it.
Mr. Speaker, we must all agree and concur
to have this Government administered for the
gotfd of the whole people as one people, with-
out sectional jealousies, under equal laws and
privileges, according to the grants, powers, and
limitations of the Constitution. Then we will
have no more insurrection, no more secession
in the South, or revolution in the North; no
further use for reconstruction committees, so
called; no scores of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States; no dictation to
a State, what she shall do or not do, before her
members, duly elected, shall be admitted; no
dictation to a State whom she shall disfranchise
or make eligible to office; what debts the State
shall claim or release, pay or repudiate. I sol-
emnly deny there is any power in Congress to
put all these terms on Tennessee and the south-
ern States before theit members are admitted
to their seats, or any other terms or conditions
not found in the Constitution as to the admis-
sion of members and Senators.
If the States are dead, where does Congress
get the power under the Constitution, the om-
nific power, to raise them into life? What
does Congress claim, to receive or reject them
by the action of a joint commitee ana the ac-
tion jointly of House and Senate, granting by
law restraining orders in effect? We have
said there is no authority for this action; the
House and Senate are each for themselves the-
judges; but if this joint action is to be had,
and terms put upon House and Senate and
States, why not do it, and take the respon-
sibility and answer to the eounti-y? The ad-
mission of members is the first business of
Congress, and now four months have elapsed
since the session began and States by their
members and Senators have been here all the
time asking this matter to be settled, and no
vote can be had on any one case. I deprecate
this delay. The majority ought to have more
respect for themselves and more kindness and
generosity toward those over whom they claim
to exercise their high powers and jurisdiction
so new and unprecedented. But the majority
of three to one in the House and twelve to
three on the committee do not intend to take
the responsibility to reject, as I believe, the
members and Senators,, and thus for the time
being weaken if not dismember the Govern-
ment. No, sir, they interpose charges, con-
ditions, terms, and every possible excuse for
delay and want of final action. They, the
committee, institute inquiries and take proof
about the loyalty of Tennessee and other States,
much of it ex parte. Why, Mr. Speaker, you
know Congress admitted members and Sena-
tors into Congress from Tennessee in the midst
of the insurrection. Why then shall Congress
be so very special now after so good a prece-
dent? Tennessee is certainly more loyal now
than she was then. Besides, the members-elect
from Tennessee are all loyal and always were
loyal; one of them was in Congress during the
rebellion and two of them commanded Federal
regiments during the war. Then why not ad-
mit the Tennessee members and Senators at
once? No good reason for delay can be given.
These are clearer and more commanding rea-
sons than can be truthfully assigned for this
delay, or their rejection, than can be found if
you keep your reconstruction committee en-
gaged till the session expires.
I beg leave, sir, to urge another particular
fact that I think the majority ought to consider.
When you ratified the constitutionalamendment
of emancipation, you not only counted Tennes-
see, but I believe five other southern States for
theamendment; and thus it was ratified! Now,
I ask gentlemen seriously, if Tennessee was in
the Union, and partook by your consent and
in behalf of emancipation in the solemn act
of amending the Federal Constitution, if it is
not a palpaile and shameful inconsistency to
say now either that they are not sufficiently
loyal, or not in the Union, and cannot have rep-
resentation in Congress like other States; and
more especially is it a palpable inconsistency,
inasmuch as Tennessee presents, as I under-
stand, members of unquestionable loyalty!
But, sir, there is still a higher point than that
presented in the resolutions I have quoted.
You are taxing these States which have been
in insurrection, and in that respect holding them
to the liabilities and responsibilities of States
and denying them their dignity, equality, aiid
rights in the halls of legislation by their rep-
resentatives. This is a cardinal principle in
American jurisprudence. It lies at the root of
our liberties. Taxation without representation
is the yoke of bondage. You may maintain
this principle awhile, but it will be painful and
irritating, and finally lead to dissension and
evil. It cannot be maintained. Our fathers
would not bear it, and we should scorn to ask
it of any people, especially our own people.
They must have representation if they meet the
requisitions of the Government, as they are
doing liberally and largely both in taxation and
obedience to law. I have found it my duty to
take part in ascertaining the state of loyalty in
Tennessee, and I had the honor, in the form of
a resolution, to express my opinion and the
minority of the committee upon that subject,
which 1 ask to read:
" The minority of the committee on reconstruction
on the part of the House beg leave to report that said
committee have directed an inquiry to be made as to
tho condition and loyalty of the State of Tennessee.
Therehasbeenalargcamountofevidence taken, some
partofit conducing to showthat at somelocalities occa-
sionally there have been some irregularities and tem-
porary disaffection; yet the main direction and weight
of the testimony are ample and conclusive to show
that the great body of the people in said State are not
only loyal and willing, but anxious, to have and main-
tain amicable,sincere,and patriotic relations with tho
General Government. Such being the state of the
facts, and inasmuch as under the census of 1860 Con-
gress passed a law which was approved in 1803, fixing
the ratio and apportioning to Tennessee and all tho
other States representation; and inasmuch as Ten-
nessee, disavowing insurrectionary purposes or dis-
loyalty, has, under the laws and organic law of said
State, regularly elected her members and Senators to
the Congress of the United States in conformity to
tho laws and Constitution of the United States, and
said members are here asking admission, and inas-
much as the House by the Constitution is the 'judge
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
members,' considering these facts and principles, we
offer the following>resolution. to wit:
"Resolved, That the State of Tennessee is entitled to
representation in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and the
Representatives elected from and by said State arc
hereby admitted to take their scats therein upon
being qualified by oath according to law."
Upon this resolution, however, the minority
have not been able to get a vote. But to the
proof. It cannot be reported in a short speech,
being more than thirty pages of a large pamph-
let ; but I may remark, as I believe, not a sin-
gle witness examined but states and concurs
in the opinion, that to admit the representa-
tion from Tennessee would gratify the peo-
ple and strengthen and encourage the loyalty
of the State, conciliate the people and har-
monize their action for the peace, advance-
ment, and prosperity of the State and nation.
The proof fully sustains the fact that the re-
turned troops meet in social life like gentle-
men of honor, principle, and peace, and no
signs of disruption are found in their circle;
that there are occasional local disturbances in
Tennessee that the civil authorities are able to
controlj but these grow out of old personal
animosities engendered during the insurrec-
tion, and not arising from any disaffection or
rebellions spirit toward the General Govern-
ment. This is the tendency of the proof, and
accounts for the many rumors of disturbance
in the country wrongfully attributed to dis-
loyalty. It is further shown that the people
of Tennessee are getting impatient to have a
representation, and this long inquiry and delay
is staying the strong tendency to full confi-
dence in the Government, and in fact is in-
jurious. Every recognition of Tennessee is
encouraging to her people. '' Every kind word
