1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
fall amount of taxation by money which they
have honestly earned. Why should these be
taxed, while the speculators on the woes and
sufferings of their country, men who have
always been opposed to the best interests of
the great masses of the people are entirely
exempt from that taxation which is necessary
to carry on the proper governmental operations
of the State, county, or township in which
they live?
Congress has full power to remove this op-
pressive and unjust inequality. Congress has
already exercised the right of taxing thesebonds
to the extent of compelling the bond-holders to
pay an income tax. If gentlemen on the other
side of the House do not like this proposition
of mine, to give to the States the authority to
tax these bonds as they tax other property, and
do not believe it legal, just, and right, have
they any objection to saving that the Federal
Government shall tax those boml-holders, not
only by compelling them to pay a tax upon the
income derived from those bonds, but also to
pay a tax levied directly upon these bonds eo
nomine"? Sir, I do not believe there can be a
man here 011 either side of the House so loose
in his political opinions, so blindly tenacious
of any imagined or real principles he may pro-
fess to sustain, as to say that it would not be
right or proper or just, or that it would be in
violation of any contract whatever on the part
of the Government, if this Congress should pass
a law placing a tax upon the bonds themselves.
And should the federal Government tax
those ?v'i.OOC,000 of bonds, as it taxes the
horse, wagons, machinery, implements, and
every other article of piopeity owned by its cit-
izens, it will do much to advance the interest
of the bond-holders themselves, as well as of
the community at large, by assuring them that
every dollar of their bonds will be fully paid.
I say it is to the interest of the bond-holders
themselves that these bonds should be taxed.
I tell you that if you go on taxing the people
under the present system, and allow these rich
aristocrats who are rioiing in all the luxuries
which wealth can procure, wilhoutbearing their
equal share of the burdens of the Government,
the time may not be far distant when the down-
trodden masses will refuse longer to submit to
the iniquitous and unjust burdens imposed upon
J) em.
[Here the hammer foil.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour for to-
day has expired, and this resolution goes over
to next Monday, during the morning hour.
Mr. IiIjA IN ii, 1 would inquire ot the Chair
what will bo the position of the resolution on
Monday next.
The SPEAKER. It will bo again open to
debute.
Mr. BLATNE. Is a molion now in order in
reference to this resolution?
The SPEAKER. Not at present; the morn-
ing hour having expired, the resolution goes
over under the rule.
Mr. JiLAINE. Well, sir, the gentleman
from New .Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] with all his
blatant argument upon this subject, was afraid
to bring the resolution to a vote because the
members on that side of the House have too
much sense of honor and justice to sustain anv
such principles as he there lays down. He has
gone on and talked during the whole morning
hour and pre\ entod us from attending to any
morning business at all. Now, alter he has
abused and outraged the patience of the House
to this extent J want to guard against any simi-
lar outrage next Monday.
Mr. ROGERS. f had no intention of occu-
pying so much time. As to tho vote of the
members on this side. I do not care how ihey
vote ; each man will vote for himself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
maimer in which this resolution came up this
morning. It is o.ni of Iho.-ecases which happen J
very laivly indeed. The. morning hour of last !
Monday expired just as the House had refused
to second the demand for the previous question 1
011 the passage of the resolution submitted by ]
the gentleman from New Jersey, £Mr. Hog- 1
krs,] therefore, by the operation of the rule
the resolution went over until to-day. The
rule is, that resolutions shall not be debated
on the very day of their being presented; nor
on any day assigned by tho House for the re-
ceipt of resolutions, unless where the House
shall direct othei n ise, but shall lie on the tabic,
to be taken up in the order in which they were
presented. This resolution, before the ques-
tion of its disposition had been decided, by the
expiration of the morning hour, came over un-
til to-day, and was open for debate. And by
the expiration of the morning hour to-day, it
goes over until next Monday, and will be again
open to debate.
Mr. BLAINE. Will T be then entitled to the
floor upon this resolution?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
iutlfioad to pittsburg.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the building of a mil-
itary and a postal railroad from Cumberland,
on the river Potomac, in the State of Maryland,
to the city of Pittsburg, in the State of Penn-
sylvania ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select committee on
an air-line railroad to New Yoik.
Mr. STEVENS moved that two members be
added to the select committee on an air-line
railroad to New York.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVEN'S moved to reconsider the
votes just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
statistical division,treasury department.
Mr. GRINXELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a Manufacturing
and Statistical Division in the Treasury Depart-
ment; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
postal laws.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
motion 1o reconsider the vote by which the
House recommitted to the Committee 011 the
Post Office and Post Roads House bill No.
281, to alter and amend the postal laws.
boyd versus kelso.
The SPEAKER laid before the House evi-
dence in the contested-election ease 6f Boyd
against Kelso, fourth congressional district of
Missouri; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Jtllections.
coast survey report.
The SPEAKER also laid before tho House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the. annual report of the United
States Coast Survey for the year 1865 ; which
was laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ELIOT moved that there be printed
three thousand extra copies of the report;, of
the Superintendent of the United States Coast
Survey for 1865, two thousand copies for distri-
bution by, the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey, and one thousand for die use of members
of the House.
The motion' was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
naval station at canton, maryland.
Tho SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from .the Secretary of the
Navy in reply to a resolution of the House in
reference to tho cost at which the Government
can locate a coal and naval station at Canton,
near Baltimore.
Mr. PHELPS moved that it belaid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
tax on petroleum.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature
of Pennsylvania instructing her Senators and
requesting her Representatives to procure a
repeal of the tax 011 crude oil or petroleum 5
which was referred to the Committee of Waya
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
trade with british notvj'ii america.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to this House a statement
of the trade of the Piovincesof British North Amer-
ica, especially Canada, in 1854 and J;S'ij-05, respect-
ively, the values boing estimated in gold, and speci-
fying what proportion of said trade was with the
United States, and what articles, if any. were exclu-
sively exported to the United States; plso, the tariff
laws now in force in Canada, with a statementot'tiie
nature and extent of the changes made therein since
1854; also, tho returns of Canadian eanrJs for 1SC5,
illustrating their value and the importance of the tree
navigation oi tho river St. Lawrence to American
commerce, together with such general information,
brought down to the present time, as may be in his
possession and raav assist 111 correctly estimating tho
trade, resources, &e., of said Pi ovinees, ;:.nd their
relation to the trade and production ot the United
States.
The SPEAKER. Being a call for executive
information, it requires unanimous consent.
Mr. PIKE. I object.
railroad to pittsfiurg again.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise for
the purpose of making an explanation. I un-
derstand, during my absence for a short while
this morning, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevexs.] chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, moved i hat hyo more
members be added to what is called tho select,
committee on an air-line railroad between this
city and New York. 1 ask whether I am rightly
informed in that respect.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gem
tleman from Pennsylvania is not now ill his
Mr. F. THOMAS. The Chair will have the
kindness to say.
Tho SPEAICER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is now present.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Very well,' then, I will
repeat: I understand during my absence a few
moments since the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania moved that two members be added to
the select committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of making a new railroad connection
between this city and New York.
Mr. SJTEVENS. What, I did was this; I
presented a bill authorizing the construction of
a road from Cumberland, Maryland, to Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, and then asked that two
members be added to the committee to which
it was referred.
Mr. P. THOMAS. I hope some gentleman
who was then present will move to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
was macie and laid upon the table.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Cannot the vote to lay
upon the table be reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous eon-
sent.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Will the House indulge
me in a moment's explanation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. F. THOMAS. The House will recol-
lect that early in the session the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] submitted a
bill proposing to construct a new lme of rail-
road between this city and the city of New
York, and that upon his morion the bill was
referred to a select committee of seven mem-
bers appointed by the Speaker. That subject
has been under full consideration in that com-
mittee in some six, eight, or ten meetings.
Delegates from Maryland and oflicers of tho
various railroad companies between this city
and New York have been heard. We have
gone into a full, thorough, and minute exam-
ination of a great deal of documentary evidence
which'has been submitted to the committee,
and the committee have formed an opinion,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania well
knows, the majority having decided against
the propriety and expediency of the mode of
communication proposed between the two
cities.
