1866:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2613
This resolution proposes simply to suspend
the collection of this tax until the 1st of March
nex-t, which will enable the Legislature to hold
its annual session, or until the accounts of the
State with the General Government are ad-
justed, which will probably be done and the
money paid in the coursa of two or three
months. We are able to pay this tax, if we
had any permission to do it. We do not ask the
abatement which was allowed to other States
_who were allowed to pay it, and we are not
included in the relief bill that has been pro-
posed in the House of Representatives, which
refers onk to the rebel States. As this cannot
be of any injury to the Government, and as a
balance of money on any fair adjustment of
accounts is actually due to the State of West
Virginia, I trust this relief will be granted by
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL.'' I notice in reading over
the resolution that it provides for a suspension
of the collection of this tax until the 1st of
March next, or until an adjustment shall be
made with the State. That would put it in the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury to sus-
pend it forever, or of the State, if they did not
make an adjustment. I apprehend the Sena-
tor does not mean that it should have that con-
struction. 1 suggest to him whether the phrase-
ology should not be altered so as to provide
that it shall be suspended until March, unless
the accounts are sooner adjusted.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Very well.
Mr. TBUMBULL. I suppose that was the
intention.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I accept that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution has not been read at length to the
Senate. It will now be read.
The Secretary readthejointrcsolutiou, which
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to sus-
pend the further collection within the State
of West Virginia of any part of the dircct tax
imposed by the act of August o, 1801, until the
1st day of March next, (fr until the adjustment
of the claims of thp State against the United
States.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the words " or until"
and inserting ''unless the claims of the said
State against the United States are sooner ad-
justed." A bill has already passed the Senate
appointing a commissioner to adjust those
claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from West Virginia moves to amend the
resolution in the seventh line by striking out
the words "or until" and inserting "unless;"
and in the eighth line by striking out the words
" adjustment of the;" and at the end of the
resolution by inserting the words "arc sooner
adjusted ;" so that it will read :
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and directed to suspend the further collec-
-tion within the State of West Virginia of any part
of the dircet fax imposed by the act of August 5,
1861, untilthelstday of March next, unless the claims
of the said State against the United States are sooner
adjusted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Hie joint, resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 322) to transfer the Bureau of Indian
Affairs from the Department of the Interior to '
the War Department; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE subsequently said: The
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] intro-
duced a few moments since a bill to transfer
the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Depart-
ment of the Interior to the War Department;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I think that bill should be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' Does the
Senator make that motion ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see the necessity
for that change. As the proposition is to trans-
fer the Indian Bureau to the War Department
I do not know why it might not go to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and I think it quite
important that it should go to that committee.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me it certainly
ought to go to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
the committee who naturally consider such sub-
jects, and nofrthe Committee on Mililary Affairs.
They know the condition of affairs in the Indian
Bureau, and it is not supposed that the Military
Committee do. It should go to the committee
that is conversant with the matter proposed to
be changed.
Mr. STEWART. I bog the Senator's par-
don. I doubt whether anybody is familiar with
Indian affairs. W e hear constantly that it is the
most mixed and discordant branch of the public
service. Any one traveling through the Indian
country will see that the whole system is a very
defective one. The general knowledge of the
system is defective; every one knows that it is
defective ; and certainly what little knowledge
a party here may have of the details, will not
be very important in considering the propriety
of this change.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Extended
debate on the question of reference is not in
order.
Mr. STEWART. *il hope the bill will _ bo
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. NESMIT1I. Is the question debat-
able?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has usually allowed a limited debate on the
question of reference, but extended debate is
not in order. It is not in order to give ex-
tended reasons why it should be referred to
one committee or the other.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Has the bill not been
already sent to the Committee on Military
Affairs?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been referred to any committee.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to slate that the
Committee on Indian Affairs had this whole
subject under consideration, and a sub-eom-
mittec, consisting of some members of the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the House and
some of the Senate, gave their attention to the
subject during the last summer, made very
extensive investigations, and have collected a
great many facts in a report bearing on the
subject. It is a subject upon which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, as a committee, I
apprehend, have no particular knowledge. I
know that a great deal of information on this
subject, which it is necessary to have in order
to act understandingly upon it, has been col-
lected by the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
I believe every principle of propriety would
send the bill to that committee.
Mr. STEWART. On that statement I with-
draw my objection to its reference to the In-
dian Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill,
then, will be referred to the. Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
323) to fix the military peace establishment of
the United Slates; which was, read twice by
i^s title, referred to the Committee On Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 321) for the relM of John Hastings, late
surveyor and depositary of public moneys at
Pittsburg; which was read twice by it title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARK subsequently said: The Sen-
ator from New York, who is not now in Ms '
seat, [Mr. Morgan,] introduced 'a bill for the
relief of John Hastings, ahd an' order wa§
made referring it to the Committer .on Com-
merce. The Committee on Glaiins has. Bad
that matter under consideration for qiwti a
number of years, and last year there wa£s~.~«t J>ili
passed for. his relief, and I wish the 'oraer
referring this hill to the Comjnittee o  Co>m- "
merce to bo suspended until the Seriatdr from
New York comes in, when I will move. to
refer it to the Committee on Claims, where .it
ought to go.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ That course
will be taken if there be no objection. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 325) to give certain powers to the levy
court of the county of Washington, in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred ta the Committee oa
the District of Columbia.
Mr. IvIRKWOOD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 93) for $ie appointment
of a commission to examine and report upon
certain claims of the State of Iowa; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that it should
go to the Committee on Claims, and not to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLARK. What is the nature of it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is in relation to cer-
tain claims of the State'of Iowa.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think it had better go
to the Committee on Military Affairs. The
claims grow out of military affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. For moneys expended
during the war?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. For raising troops?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Yes, sir; for raising
troops.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
message ]?kqm the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. W. K. Mehaffey, one of its
Clerks, announced that the House of Repre-
sentatives had passed the following bills, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 477) furtherto provide for
the safety of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in paft by
steam, to regulate the salaries of steamboat
inspectors, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 501) for the relief of
Thomas D. Burrall; /
A bill (H. R. No. 589) for the relief of Delia
A. Jacobs, late Delia A. Fitzgerald;
A bill (H. R. No. 508) to amend the organic
acts of the Territories of Nebraska, Colorado,
Dakota, Montana, Washington, Idaho, Ari-
zona, Utah, and New Mexico ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of
William Mann and Jacob Senneff'.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced- that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled bill (H. Ii. No. 280) mak-
ing appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1867, and for other purposes; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
order ot business.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that: the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 103.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must object to it. I
have now given, way for half an hour, and
cannot consent to the taking up of any other
bill.
