1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3573
pound. It is now proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means that they shall pay a uni-
form rate irrespective of their cost. I see 110
objection to this except that I think two dol-
lars would be nearer an average rate of duty
than that, named in the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I trust
that tile amendment will not prevail. If there
be anything agreed upon between the rival
producers and manufacturers of tobacco in
different parts of our country, it is that all of
them require protection agaiijst importations
from abroad. Importation has been so easy,
because of the light duty heretofore imposed,
that it lias been possible to put in competition
with the best cigars made in this country, Ha-
vana cigars, which have actually been sold in
our market at lower rates than cigars even of
inferior quality made here. The simple ques-
tion now submitted to us is whether we shall
make the duty heavy enough to protect all the
tobacco interests in every part of the country,
or whether we shall so legislate that the man-
ufacture of the better classes of cigars shall be
liable to bo broken down as an interest of the
country by this competition from abroad. The
very objection which the gentleman makes, that
the duly is not one graduated in reference to the
quality or value of the cigar, is met by the propo-
sition embraced in the bill. The bill proposes
to impose a specific duty of three dollars per
pound, "and, in addition thereto, fifty per cent.
ad valorem.'''1 So that there is a mixed duty,
partly specific and partly ad valorem, thus ac-
complishing the very object which the gentle-
man complains is not attained by the bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. In order to say a few words
more oil this subject, I move, pro fornitl, to
amend my amendment by striking out " two"
and inserting ''two and a half." If members
will look at page 27 of the existing tariff, they
will find how Llic classification has been made.
I have endeavored, in my amendment, to fix
an average rale, reducing the rate proposed by
Hie Committee of Ways and Means from three
dollars to two dollars. In the existing law,
there is lint one grade of cigars which pays
three dollars per pound and in addition an ad
valorem of sixty per cent. Now, my idea is that
the argument of the gentleman from Ohio does
not present, the ease as it should. We have
taken off the discrimination in favor of the
lower grades of imported cigars which were
brought into the country in such quantities as
to depress the American manufacturer. I hope
the amendment will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment pro forma. I believe with the gentle-
man from Ohio, if there is anything that we
are agreed upon, it is to levy a heavy tax on
imported cigars.
Air. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Six. 7. And be it further cnacted, That, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law on the impor-
t-s 1 !■/!! oi the articles hereinafter mentioned, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid, on the goods,
w:ires, and merchandise enumerated and luovided
for in (liis section, imported from foreign countries,
the loll owing duties and rates of duly, that is to say:
on all brown earthenware and common stone-ware,
letortt, and blacking jars or bottles, twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike out
'•'twenty-five" and insert " thirty-five." The
manufacture of earthenware is springing up
all over the country, and it is necessary to
foster it. , I think it should bo fifty per cent.,
but I will be content if gentlemen will say
thirty-five. It has been twenty-five for a long
time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out
" blacking jars or bottles" and to put them in
a separate paragraph at twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem. I do not think the gentleman
from Ohio will object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows : %
On China, porcelain, andParian ware, gilded,orna-
mented, or decorated in any manner, sixty per cent.
ad valorem.
On China, porcelain, and Parian ware, plain ware,
and not decorated in any manner, sixty per cent, ad
valorem ; on all other earthen, stone, or crockery ware,
wliitc, glazed, edged, printed, painted, dipped, or
cream-colored, composed of earthy or mineral sub-
stances, and not herein otherwise provided for, fifty
per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as foliows:
On all plain and mord and press glass, not cut, en-
graved, or painted, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MYERS. I move to strike that out and
in lieu thereof to insert the following:
On all glass vials, jars, bottles, demijohns, carboys,
and ol her vessels except those made of flint glass, and
otherwise providedfor, a duty of four cents per pound
filled or unfilled.
Mr. Chairman, I do not think there will be
any serious objection to this amendment. By
turning to the next page of the bill it will be
found that on similar articles the duty is made
specific, and on some is fixed at four cents per
pound. I confess that I have a prejudice in
favor of specific duties and against ad valorem
duties. I hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know whether
the objection will be serious or not, bu.t there
is objection to the amendment.
On blown and pressed glass it is proposed to
impose a duty of four cents per pound, amount-
ing to at least one hundred per cent. We have
increased the duty on account of the exhibi-
tion made before the Committee of Ways and
Means in this pending item from thirty-five
to fifty per cent, ad valorem, and I think the
parties should be content with that. I do not
object to anything reasonable, but it does seem
to me that from thirty-live to fifty is all the in-
incrcase we should grant. I trust the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. MYERS. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the last word ; and I hope I will have the
attention of the committee in answer to the
chairman who lias opposed my amendment,
because his argument is fallacious and the facts
will show that it is. I will read a short extract
from a letter which I have received going to
show the effect if the bill be passed as it now
stands:
" An gight-onnec (hnlf-pint) bottle can under it be
imported at a cost of $-f per gross which cannot be
made here, at present reduced prices, ior a less cost
than S5 50 to £5 75 per gross. Wine-bottles can be
imported at $7 per gross, costing to make here 810 75
to 1 per gross. Tho.-o arc bur instances which run
all through, and tho result of which must inevitably
be that the great bulk of the ware now made here
will be, to the extent of two thirds or three fourths,
transferred to tho other countries."
I will add that I have a statement from three
of the largest glass manufacturers of my dis-
trict, that one half of the business of the coun-
try will have to_ be given up to Europe unless
they arc not more protected by having the
duty made specific so as to avoid fraud.
One word more. When the whole trade
demands a thing of this kind I believe the com-
mittee will pay some attention to it, especially
when the facts and figures are given. Now, I
have stated tho facts to tho chairman of the
committee and I challenge refutation. This
business has had to struggle along since 1801,
paying an increased rate of one hundred and
fifty per cent, on soda-ash and five hundred on
clay, articles which enter into the manufac-
ture, and then six per cent, on their sales,
besides having to pay one hundred per cent-
more for labor than formerly, and we all know
that labor forms a very large portion of the
cost. These are facts which the chairman of
the committee cannot deny. With all that in-
crease since 1801, they have struggled along,
and now it is asked that they shall have the pal-
try increase of protection proposed by this bill.
My amendment proposes not one hundred per
cent, increase, but an increase that would
amount perhaps to twenty-five per cent, more
than that which is proposed by the committee.
Wo have had here on our desks—and I sup-
pose it has had some effect on our discussion
—a protest from the importers of New York.
Sir, I am not here to protect the interests of
the British or Belgian importers, nor of those
of our own country who are engaged in the
importation of their goods. This doctrine of
protection is not a new one with me. I learned
it from the great statesman of Kentucky. I
believe in a tariff for protection, with inci-
dental revenue. And I take issue with the
chairman of the co'mnjjttee when he claims
that the object of this bill is to secure a reve-
nue. . I attach little consequence to the remark
that he made this morning, that unless we pass
this bill we shall lose an immense revenue.
What we want is protection. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment, but I hope my
original amendment will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise simply to say pro
formtl that I oppose the gentleman's amend-
ment.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Myers, no quorum voted.
Mr. MORRILL. I am satisfied there is not
a quorum present. I therefore move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and tho Speaker
having resumed tho chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tho Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
■ And then, on-mbtion of Mr. HOGAN, (at
four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented under
the rule and referred to tho appropriate committees:
By Mr. EGGLESTON: Tho resolution passed by
the Merchants' Exchange of Cincinnati, Ohio, recom-
mending an appropriation to repair the levees on tho
Mississippi river.
By Mi. GAItMBLD: The petition of Samuel-Iiob-
inson, and 75 others, citizens of northern Ohio, praying
for the passage of House bill No. 304, granting lands
to the Iowa and Missouri State Lino railroad.
Also, tho petition of 375 citizens of Boston, asking
Congress to provide free education to all children in
the United States.
By Mr. PAINE: Tho Petition of John Walz, for
reward for capture of Booth and Ilarrold.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 5, 18G6.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gkay.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of tho Journal of
'Tuesday last was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of Mrs. N. Y. Hewlitt, of Browns-
low, Madison county, Alabama, praying that she
may be compensated for property taken by the
Army of the United States during the late re-
bellion for subsistence when in her neighbor-
hood ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for an in-
crease of the tariif so as to afford better pro-
tection to American industry; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a letter from
the Commissioner of Agriculture, addressed to
him, transmitting a communication from H. R.
Helper, United States consul at Buenos Ayres,
Argentine Republic, in reference to the pur-
chase by our Government of a flock of alpacas ;
which was referred to tlie Committee on Agri-
culture and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presented the other day
a memorial of Mrs. Amelia Feuster, asking for
relief, and, as I understood, I moved to refer
it to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, but it has gone to the Committee on
Claims. I move that the Committee on Claims
be discharged from its consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to ask the na-
ture of that claim, and why it should go to the
Committee on Military Affairs instead of the
Committee on Claims. I believe it is a claim;
is it not ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a claim i.n one
