1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
may recover him and deduct the expenses out
of his wages; and that if another man employs
him he will be liable to an action for damages.
It is true the President has directed General
Thomas to disregard this code; but the mo-
ment the military force is withdrawn from the
State that order will be of no effect.
The.black code of Alabama provides that if
a negro who has coiftracted to labor fails to do
so he shall be pmiishedwith damages; and if he
runs away he shall be punished as a vagrant,
which probably means that he shall be sold to
the highest bidder for a term of years; and that
any person who entices him to leave his mas-
ter, as by the offer of better wages, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and may be sent to jail
for six months ; and farther, that these regula-
tions include all persons of negro blood to the
third generation, though one parent in each
generation shall be pure white; that is, down
to the man who has but one eighth negro blood
in his veins.
The Mississippi Legislature gassed a law pro-
hibiting negroes from acquiring lands or real
estate. This was promptly overruled by the
United States authorities. Whereupon the Le-
gislatures of Mississippi and Alabama passed
laws making the owner of the property, who
rents or leases a negro a house or land, respon-
sible for everything he buys— his meat, his
bread, his doctor's bill, and even his taxes. Of
course no one will rent a black man a house or
lease him land under such a law ; and ot course
also the negro will have to bo driven out upon
the highway and become a vagrant, and thus
become subject to the vagrant law.
The black code of Tennessee provides that
the vagrant negro may be sold to the highest
bidder to pay his jail fees; and to make sure
that he be kept a vagrant no housekeeper shall
harbor him ; his children may be bound out
against his w ish to a master by the county court;
if his master fails to pay him he cannot sue him
nor testify against him. It further provides
that colored children shall not be admitted into
the same schools with white children, while it
makes no provision for their education in sep-
arate schools.
The black eode of Virginia provides that any
man who will not work for ''the common wages
given to other laborers" shall be deemed a va-
grant ; the masters have formed combinations
and lnu e put down the rate of wages to the
freedmen below a living price: the negro refus-
ing to work for these wages is seized as a va-
grant, sold to scrvice "for the best wages that
can be procured'' for three months ; it he runs j
off he shall work another month with ball and.j
chain for nothing.
li. is true General Terry has declared that the
order shall not be enforced ; but of what avail
will this be when the military are withdrawn
and Virginia is reconstructed?
All this means simply the recstablislunent of
slavery:
1. He shall work at a rate of wages to be
fixed by a county judge or a Legislature made
up of white masters, or by combinations. of"
white masters, and not in any case by himself.
2. He shall not leave that master to enter
service with another. If he docs he is pursued
as a fugitive, charged with the expenses of his
" recapture, and made to labor for an additional
period, while the white man who induced him
to leave is sent to jail.
3. His children are taken from him and sold
into virtual slavery.
4. If he refuses to work he is sold to the
highest bidder for a term of months or years,
and becomes in fact a slave.
5. He cannot better his condition; there is
no future for hint; he shall not own property;
he shall not superintend the education of his
children; neither will the State educate them.
G. If he is wronged he has no remedy, for the
courts are closed against him.
Said a Georgian the other day:
" The blacks e.tl, sleep, move, live, only]by the tol-
erance of the whites, w'ao luitothenl. ine bkv-lvS
own absolutely nothing rat their Wic-<\ then
mer masters own everything,ami wil i i'eil t.iem
ing. If a black man draws even a, bucket of watei
from awell, ha must firstget the permission of a white
man, his enemy. If he sleeps in a house over nk;ht,
it is only by tho leave of a white man. If ho buys a
loaf of bread, ho must buy of a white man. If he
asks for work to earn his living, he must ask it of a
white man: and the whites are determined to save
him no work, except on such terms as will make him
a serf and impair his liberty."
This, then, is slavery, less the protection
which the master formerly afforded his chattel.
The slave now has a mob for his master. Gen-
eral Schurz says, in his admirable report:
"The emancipation - of the slaves is submitted to
only in so far as chattel slavery in the old form could
not be kept up. But although the freedman is no
longer considered the property of the individual mas-
ter, he is considered the slave of society; and all in-
dependent Stato legislation will show tho tendency
to make him such. The ordinances abolishing sla-
very, passed by the conventions under the pressure ot
circumstances, will not be looked upon as barring tho
establishment of a now form of servitude."
Tho enemies of the black man, those who
opposed his liberation, now point to him and
say, "See the condition to which you have re-
duced him. He is worse off than before. His
race is perishing from the face of the earth
under the innumerable miseries which liberty
has inflicted upon it.''
For one, with the help of Almighty God, I
shall never consent to such cruel injustice.
Having voted to give the negro liberty, I shall
vote to give him all things essential to liberty.
If degradation and oppression have, as it is
alleged, unfitted him for freedom, surely con-
tinued degradation and oppression will not pre-
pare him for it. If he is not to remain a brute
you must give him that which will make him
a man—opportunity. If he is, as it is claimed,
an inferior being and unable to compete with
the white man on terms of equality, surely you
H ill not add to the injustice of nature by casting
him beneath the feet of tho white man. With
what face can you reproach him with his deg-
radation at the very mornent you are striving
to still further degrade him? if he is, as you
say, not fit to vote, give him a chance ; let him
make himself an independent laborci like your-
self ; let him own his lioniestead : to:i,(ho courts
of justice, be opened to him ; and let his intel-
lect, darkened by centuries of neglect, be illu-
minated bv all the glorious lights of education.
If after all this lie proves himself an unworthy
savage and brutal wretch, condemn him, but
not till then.
He must have this opportunity. _ He cannot
remain in an amphibious condition between
liberty and slavery. He must be either full
slave or full freeman; ho must either be mas-
ter of himself or the servant of another.
Do not believe the delusive hope uttered by
some that the race which has all the privileges
will some day w illingly divide them with the
racc that has none. The world's history tells
no such story. The Old World's royalties and
aristocracies rest upon ancient conquests ; and
yet how unwilling," even after eentuijes have
passed, have the victors ever been to permit
the vanquished to rise ! Let the wretched con-
dition of the masses in those countries at the
present day testify.
Is the right of suffrage necessary to the
negro ?
The right to vote is the right of self-protec-
tion, thi'ousrh the possession of a share m the
j Government. Without this a man's rights lie
I at the mercy of other men who have every self-
ish incentive to rob and oppress him. This is
the great central idea of a republican Govern-
ment. The absence of this is the source of all
despotism. I would ask. what white man would
consider himself safe without the right to ^ote,
especially it the Government was exercised
exclusively by a hostile race?
What shield and safeguard can the negro have
if it be not the right to vote? To whom can he
appeal when the highest earthly tribunals are
lilled by his enemies?
No man can rest with safety upon the mercy
and generosity of any other man. The law pro-
tects the ward from its guardian, the child from
its parent, the wife from her husband, nay, even
the dumb brute from its owner. Can we then,
as the Representatives of a free people, con-
sign a helpless race to the mercy of its heredi-
tary oppressors? Can we, in the heart of fe
free Government,, permit the erection of such
a strange- and abnormal system of despotisto?
[Here the Speaker's, hammer fell]
Mr. ItELLE Y. I mote that the time of' th 
gentleman from.Minnesota be extended so as-
to enable him to conclude his,remarks, '
No objection was made. ' •- • '> -
Mr. DONNELLY. I thank the House, for
the courtesy if"has extended to me.
Mr. Speaker, it is as plain to my mind-astM
sun at noonday, that we must make all th&JM" .
izens of the country equal-before the law-i thai;
we must break down all walls of caste; that we
must offer equal opportunities to all men.
Injustice is the mother of revolutions. I-n no
case'has rebellion raised its, head in the utidsfr
of equal laws; for what more can a man ask
than equality? But I challenge the historian to
point to a single community where unjust laws-
have not sooner or later given"- birth to revolu-
tions ; to the efforts of one class to perpetuate
and of the other to resist injustice.
Mr. KOUSSEAU. Will the gentleman al-
low me to ask him one question? He has-just
said that rebellion or revolution never takes'
place where equal laws exist. What does he
think of the late rebellion in that view of the
matter?
Mr. DONNELLY. My answer to that is
afforded by tho very expression which I have
just used, that, where unjust laws exist, rebel-
lion is the result of the efforts of one class to
perpetuate and of the other to resist injustice.
Sir, it was the unjust laws of the South, it was
the oppression of the blacks by the whites, that
led to the late rebellion. If there had been no
slavery there could have been no rebellion.
if you give the negro an equal opportunity
with the white man, he becomes perforce a
property-holder and a law-maker, and he is
interested with you in preserving the peace of
the country. If you hand him over to oppres-
sion, if you deprive him of all hope, if you
debase him into a brute, you can expect notli- *
ing from him but poverty, turbulence, and
wretchedness. If then your object, if the ob-
ject of all government, is to advance the pros-
perity of the people, can you do so by ruining
one eighth of the entire population? _
The true issue before the South is justice or
anarchy. Yv must save the South from her-
self. The negroes now know themselves to be
freemen. They may be made savages, but never
again slaves. The cruel, heartless course the
South seems bent on pursuing will sooner or
later set the land aflame with insurrection.
And in that day are we ready, we, the Christian
people of the North, to hold down with our
armies the poor writhing wretches who will tell
us that their title deeds of liberty bear our
superscription : and who will fling into our faces
while we are manacling them the sacred promises
of the proclamation of emancipation? Never!
never! This thing cannot be. Our own hearts
would revolt at it; the world would cry us
Shame ! The name of American would become
an epithet of contempt in the mouth of all
mankind.
We must hold our faith. We made great
vows to God when the fury of the tempest
smote us, and night and darkness^ seemed set-
tlin<r down upon our frail bark forever. Let
us not, like the drunken sailors of the Medit-
toiTCiiiCcin. abandon those vows aniid the prof"
li'cacy of the harbor. It becomes a great people
to hold its faith as the most sacred thing beneath
the wide eanopv of the heavens.
If it is, then, true that we must make the
freedmen fully free, and if the right of suffrage
is necessary to this freedom, then it is equally
necessary that education should accompany
freedom.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether he favored negro suffrage and
voted for it at the last election in his State.
Mr. DONNELLY. I am proud to say that
I not only voted for it, but that I drew_the reso-
lution which whs passed by the liepubfican^tate
convention of Minnesota, indorsing that <
; trine; and that 1 canvassed two thirds ot the
