THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
territory of that State in behalf of it, and? thank
God, I am. ready to do so again to-morrow.
Pa&s the amendment I have proposed, andthe
Freedman's Bureau will not only protect the
negro now but give him the means of self-pro-
tection hereafter. Without this the ballot is a
useless, perhaps-a pernicious, instrument-in his
hands. Without this your bureau will be but a
temporary relief, and in a short time the negro
will relapse into oppression. Educate him, and
he will himself see to it that common schools
shall forever continue among his people j and
in doing him an act of justice you will increase
the safety of the nation; forever.
Let not the objection of expense be made.
No outlay is tob great which is-necessary to the
safety of. the people, since in that is involved
all the wealth of the country. It is a madman's
economy to save money by rendering the people
unfit for self-government and then lose all in the
misgovernment which is sure to follow.
Universal education must go hand in hand
with universal suffrage. Either alone will be
unavailing; together they will create the might-
iest Government and the ablest race the world
has ever known.
If you pass the amendmentlhave offered, the
Freedman's Bureau becomes an instrumental-
ity of more good than was ever before achieved
in the world by any merely human agency. Its
influence will be greater than even Jefferson's
famous ordinance, which gave to freedom the
Northwestern Territory. And who shall count
the results yet to How from that great measure?
A thoroughly educated negro population in the
South means a white population forced into
education through mere shame; it means an
intelligent, and necessarily, a loyal people; it
means industry, prosperity, morality, and re-
ligion everywhere; a land rejoicing in wealth
and glorious with liberty.
Mr. GARFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot refuse the re-
quest of the future Governor of the State of
Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
MANUFACTURES 01? PfTTSiSTJTltr.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask unanimous con-,
sent to lay before the House a letter from the
Board of Trade of Pittsburg, correcting an
error which has boon made in an official state-
ment of the Secretary of the Interior in refer-
ence to the manufactures of that city. [ will
not ask that the paper be read, as it might detain
the House too long, but I desire that it shall be
printed, and also that it be published in the
Globe.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) If there be no objection the
communication will be received and that order
will be made.
There was no objection.
The communication is as follows:
Rooms of this Board op Tradk of Pittsburg,
plt'fskulto, January 'J7, j 8(^6.
Sir: A statement made officially to the ilousc of
liepresentatives of the manufacturing production of
the principal cities of the United States announces to
the world that Pittsburg, proud of the counomen of
tbe Birmingham of America* has been sailing under
false colors, and is, on high authority, pronounced an
inconsiderable manufacturing town, of less produc-
tive capacity than Richmond, Virginia.
In that statement the mamifactiuiny; product of
Pittsburg is given at, I>11,0(X),00() annually. Feeling
that it is of vital importance to Pittsburg that Con-
gress should be disabused nt impressions so incor-
rect, I hasten to pi csent you some facts*, which should
if possible be formally read to the House of Repre-
sentatives in correction of the statement they have
received.
The community of Pittsburg, although divided into
several municipalities under diverse police regula-
tions and officials, is a compact mass of over oncbun-
dred and fifty thousand population, within a radius
mdfcst and the surveyor's instruments alone
tell where one borough ends and another begin?.
Pittsburg proper is but the counting-house of tfiis
manuiactuiusg population. Nearly all the great
industrial works, who&e accounts, office, and banking
bu^mes* center in the city, lie around her outskirts,
and but lew within her immediate limits.
The figures of toe statement rofeired t-"> wore prob-
ably made up irom the census returns of 1SG0. Those
returns bo far a.-i they relate to Alloghenv county arc
extremely incomplete, and nearly worthier. In those
returns at best the sum of the products ol Pittsburg
would be classed under the heads of the various bor-
oughs, and but a limited portion under the head of
Pittsburg. With as much propriety should those
amounts be classed under the heads of the several
wards of the city, as any one of those taken as the
census of the production of the whole.
The returns of sales made to the revenuo officers,
so far as they reach, are the best data of production.
They do not, however, fully exhibit the facts, for the
reason that the amounts unsold of the productions
of any distinct period of time are to be added to the
amount of those sold.
Prom returns made to revenue officers for a period
of eighteen months, from September, 1863, to March,
1865, l give you the figures of some of the more im-
portant articles manufactured at Pittsburg.
These figures are not an exhaustive or elaborate
census of the manufactures of the city, but a con-
densation of some statistics derived from internal rev-
enue returns in my possession upon leading articles.
The figures are as follows:
Articles of Iron and Steel.
Axes, shovels, saws, spades, mattocks, picks, $1,123,146
Boilers, shafting, steamboat irons, oil tools,
heavy blacksmithing  1,640.168
Bolts, nuts, spikes, rivets, washcts, nails. .. 3/d8,559
Railroad chairs, springs, and axles  1,200.000
Iron and steel, bar, sheet, pig, plate, ko 28,813,123
Wrought iron, gas pipe, horse shoes, edge
tools, iron ware  481,120
Machinery, castings, domestic hardware  6,392,087
Articles of Wood.
Barrels, barges, doors and sash frames, fur-
niture, blocks, boxes  2,180,838
Chemicals  467,061
Articles of a Vegetable Nature.
Tobacco, linseed, canvas, varnish  2,414,126
Textile Fab ric.
Clothing, woolen goods, cotton goods  4,272,403
Articles of Copper and Brass.
Refined and sheet, copper, copper ware, ja-
panned ware  2,184,206
Articles of Combined Materials.
Agricultural implements, steamboats, car-
riages, wagons, harness, brushes, cars,
guns, and rifles  1,922,117
Products of Minerals and Earthy
Sub8tancc8.
Glass, refined oil, white and red lead, salt,
queensware, soap, kv  14,385,211
Artielcsfrom. Animals.
Leather, lard oil, glue, boots and shoe®  2,553,307
Articles of a Liquid Nature.
Alo, whisky, wine, vinegar*  773,111
$74,350589
The^e figures make the sales of these few items in
the period embraced over $71,000,000.
Although but a partial exhibit of the productive
capacity and actual yield of Pittsburg manufactories
they are more thnn ample to show that Pit tsburg, in-
stead of the fourteenth city of the Union iu point of
manufactures, is without doubt the third, it theman-
ut'actuiing statistics of Pittsburg wore as elaborately
collated as m other cities, where every article of raw
material as well as those in the least transmuted is
classed in the list of products, there is no doubt in my
mind that Pittsburg would lay claim to being tho
second manufacturing community of the Union.
Permit mo in this connection to ask your attention
to tho necessity of the organisation by tho Government
of some department similar, or of similar eflccts, to
the national Boaid of Trade of Great Jii itain. That
body make complete and detailed i epoits monthly of
the trade and manufacture^ of that nntion. Under
the prosentcensus organization the people of the Uni-
ted Slates are, six years alt er the ta king of the ccnsus
oflStfO, but partially acquainted with itsre.sults, while
so imperfect arc its figuies that a high Government
official is unwittingly made to commit a great act of
injustice to the community of Pittsbuig. and, no
doubt, from the same cause, to other cities as well.
Statistics are the data for not only the government
of commercial transactions, but tho foundation upon
which tho financial estimates of a nation should be
made. Tobcvaluablctheysiiouldbe fresh; thereflec-
(ion of the current transactions of the country, not the
echo of long past years. To be reliable they should
be the, result of competent labor, of int elligentimnds
not the uneducated gatherings of incompetent and
often ignorant men, claiming desultory employment
as a. reward for partisan devotion, as ha&boon tho case
in the taking of the ccnsus hcretofoie.
The organization by Congress of a national Board of
Trade, and an effort by that body to have the States
aUo organize, State board*, would put in motion a sys-
tem of statistical information of great ultimate value.
Through such a system the country would be fur-
nished with reliable statistics, and Congress would
have a responsible source from which to learn the
wants of the business of the nation, and form just esti-
mates of its rcM>urcu> and its progiess.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
GHOitOK 11. THURSTON,
President of the hoard of Iradcof Pittsburg.
To Hon. J. K. ilooRHiiu), WtiJiiiiotou, I). C.
Thu fact that several breweries were confiscated
-lact year for false returns accounts for tbo smallncss
if this class of product.
freedmen s bureau again.
Mr. GARFIELD addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix. 1
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman from In-
dian^ yields to me to move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I will state that
I have given notice to the House I shall ask for
a vote on the pending Bill to-morrow at three
o'clock. Several gentlemen desire to be heard
on it. I want to say now there has been one
speech made on that side of the House, and one
speech made on this side, since the bill has been
under debate^ both of which were out of order,
and that I shall feel it incumbent on me to take
a point of order on other gentlemen on the one
side or the other who do not confine themselves
to a fair debate on the measure. I was not
able to do it during the remarks of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] because I had
consented that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Dawson] should take a wide range.
I feel it to be my duty to say now that the bill
should be debated. As I have said, I desire
that the vote shall be taken to-morrow at three
o'clock. If the gentleman wants to debate it,
1 shall be glad to hear him; but I hope the
House will not adjourn. Let those who wish
to debate the bill have an opportunity to be
heard.
Mr. STEVENS. Let us take a recess until
half past seven this evening.
Several Members. For what purpose ?
Mr. STEVENS. For the purpose of debate
alone.
Mr. THAYER. I object, unless gentlemen
shall promise to conform to the rules of the
House.
Mr. KERR. I do not want to go on this
evening.
Mr. LE BLOND. I n?k that my motion to
adjourn shall be put to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I aslc the gentleman to
withdraw the motion, so as to permit me to
make another suggestion, that the House shall
have an evening session for debate on the Pres-
ident's message alone.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. T object.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw my objection if the
debate to-night is to be confined to the Presi-
dent's message.
Mr. LE BLOND moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
improvement of the ohio river.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me lor a moment.
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a communication
from Colonel Tal. P. Shaft'ner in reference to
widening and deepening the Ohio liver at the
Giand Chain.
There was no objection, and the paper was
received and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. TRIMBLE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
f reedmen 's bureau a gain.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is surely safe
to assume that our country lias known no hoar,
since the organization and establishment of our
matchless form of Government, when its cir-
cumstances demanded in its Representatives a
higher order of statesmanship, or a more un-
selfish devotion to those great principles of our
system which stand like beacon-lights against
dangerous boundaries, inviting the embarrassed
mariner to safer paths. Desiring to keep these
lights in view, and confessing with sincere earn-
estness my lack of both ability and experience,
I beg leave to submit a few reflections upon
some of ihe solemn questions that demand ap-
. propriate action at our hands. And I shall
i endeavor to do this in a spirit unshaded by the
impulses of partisan feelings.
The true relations of the several States to the
Union have always presented problems of great
