2614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. NESMITH. This is a very brief reso-
lution, which will net probably occupy two
minutes. It merely proposes to refer a case
to the Court of Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The appro-
priation bill is really before the Senate, and
any objection will prevent the taking up of the
joint resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can take
it up to-morrow just as well.
Mr. NESMITH. I should be very much
obliged to the Senator if he would allow me
to take it up now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I did_ not have to
oblige anybody else, I would do it with all my
heart.
Mr. NESMITH. I presume there will be
nobody else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I will not object.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr.'President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot give way any
further. I objected to my friend from Oregon
taking up a resolution, but I said I would give
way to him-if I did not have to oblige anybody
else. Now I see the whole business of the
Senate is coming in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the appropriation bill is 'before
the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have been trying all the
morning to present a petition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can be presented just
as well to-morrow as this morning.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire that it may go to
the Committee on Commerce to-day, in order
that it may be acted on to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is exceedingly dis-
agreeable to me to object in any case, but I
have given way for thing after thing for half an
hour after the regular time. I did say to" the
Senator from Oregon that I would give way to
his resolution, but he has lost the floor. If,
however, Senators will agree to stop there, I
will give way so far as to allow the Senator's
petition to be presented and my friend from
Oregon to call up his resolution, which will
give x-ise to no debate, as I understand.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The petition
will be received, if there be no objection.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a memorial of
citizens of Rhode Island interested in the navi-
gation of Narraganset bay, praying that the
light now kept at NayattPoint may be removed
to the beacon at Cononicut Point, proposed to
be constructed; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Soldiers'
and Sailors' Union of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying for the passage of a law
creating them a body politic and corporate;
which was referred'to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now my friend from
Oregon can get up his resolution.
Mr. NESMITH. I will give way for fear of
disturbing the equanimity of my friend from
Maine. I prefer to let the matter go over and
take the risk.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iam very much obliged
to the Senator.
HOUSE BILLS KEFERKED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 477) further to provide for
the safety of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, to regulate the salaries of steamboat
inspectors, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 508) toamendthe organic
acts of the Territories of Nebraska, Colorado,
Dakota, MontaAa, Washington, Idaho, Ari-
zona, Utah, and New Mexico—to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
A bill (H. R. No. 580) fortherelief of Delia
A. Jacobs, late Delia A. Fitzgerald—to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
■ A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of Wil-
liam Mann and Jacob Senneff—to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
A bill (H. R. No. 591) for the relief of
Thomas D. Burrall—to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 261)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic-expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1867, and for other
purposes.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was in line fifty-two of sec-
tion one, to insert "includingloss by exchange
thereon so as to make the clause read:
For salaries of consulsgeneral, consuls,commercial
agents, and thirteen consular cleiks, including loss
by exchange thereon, namely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to that, I
should like to ask my friend from Ohio, as I was
not presentin the committee when the bill was
considered, why those words "including loss
by exchange thereon" are to be inserted here
when they occur, on page 5, line ninety-eight,
before the appropriation. I do not see why
you want the words in both places.
Mr. SHERMAN. The last one ought to be
stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, one or the
other should be stricken out. The amendment
may be adopted and the words stricken out in
line ninety-eight afterward.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend as
we go along, to strike out the words "includ-
ing loss by exchange thereon" in line ninety-
eight of section one.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was the purpose
of the committee, undoubtedly.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was in line sixty-two of
section one to insert" Barcelona" after "Bou-
logne;" in line sixty-seven to insert "Han-
kow" after "Hong Kong;" and in line seventy-
two to insert "Nantes" after "Nice," among
the consulates provided for in schedule B.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
proviso in schedule C, section one, line ninety-
eight, "Provided, that the compensation of
the consuls at Malta, St. John, (Canada East,)
Nice, Lisbon, Santa Cruz, and Tampico, is
established at SI,500 each, annually, and the
salary of the consul at Nassau (New Provi-
dence) is established at $3,000," before the
gross appropriation of $420,000 for salaries of
consuls general, consuls, commercial "agents,
and consular clerks, and to insert the follow-
ing proviso after the appropriation:
Provided, That the compensation of tlie consuls at
Malta, St. John, (Canada East,) Nice, Lisbon, Santa
Cruz, Tampico, Prince Edward Island, Barcelona,
and Nantes, is established at SI,500 each, annually,
and the compensation of the consuls at Nassau, (New
Providence,) andHankow is established at$3,U00 each,
annually.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Finance what
the compensation of the consul at Nassau was
prior to the war. I know that in the Commit-
tee on Commerce the compensation was pro-
posed to be increased, and I should like to
know what the compensation was before the
war, as it is proposed now to make it §3,000.
My impression is that it was then $1,500; and
if it was $1,500 before, why is it necessary that
it should be $3,000 now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not present when
this bill was considered in the Finance Colti-
mittee, and I cannot very well answer.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. This is really a reduc-
tion. The Secretary of State thought it ought
to be $3,000. I think the present salary is
$4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is $2,000 now, and
the increase is to $3,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Four thousand dollars is
the present salary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is $2,000 in the list
I have here.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it was raised during
the war to $4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the in crease ceased
with the war; and it is $2,000 now, and this
amendment increases it to $3,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. If so, it can be stricken
out.
Mr. SPRAGUE, I move that "Nassau,
(New Providence,)" be stricken out of this
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am told that it is a
very expensive place, and probably^3,000 is
not too large a salary.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not more expensive
than other places where you pay only $1,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a very important
point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator .from Rhode Island insist on his
amendment?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir; I move that
"Nassau, (New Providence,)" be stricken out
of the amendment of the committee. I also
move to insert "Nassau, (New Providence,)"
after "Nantes," in line seventy-two of section
one, in orde>r that it may be established at
$1,500; otherwise it may be continued at
$4,000 as at present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is $2,000 accord-
ing to the recently published list. It was
raised temporarily during the war, and is now
$2,000. There are a great many cases where
an increase was temporarily made during the
war ; but the recently published list of diplo-
matic and consular officers of the United States,
dated March, 1866, states the salary at Nassau
at $2,000.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Then I am willing to leave
it at $2,000, and my amendment is simply to
strike out of the amendment of the committee
the words "Nassau, (New Providence.)"
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I propose to amend the
amendment of the committee by inserting after
the word "annually" where it first occurs the
words "that at Nice to commence December
14, 18G5." The consulate at Nice had a sal-
ary of $1,500, the same as is provided by the
amendment of the committee, which was to
continue according to the terms of the law
until the close of the war. That salary actually
ceased on the 14th of December last. During
this period a gentleman from my State, one who
was many years associated with me upon the
bench, has filled the place as consul. He was
obliged, in consequence of the health of his
family, to resign his place upon the bench and
go abroad. The salary is very meager, $1,500
a year, not half enough to support himself and
family. It is a very expensive place to live,
and one where the consuls of other nations
have very much larger salaries than we provide
for our consul, and a place where the duties
of the consul are constantly increasing, and
largely increasing. Our European squadrons
winter at Nice, or some portion of them, so
that the duties of the place have been altogether
larger than ever before. Judge Aldis, the con-
sul, has been performing the duties during the
whole of this time without any salary. The
fees are very small, I think less than $100
during the last year. It is a place that is very
largely resorted to by persons from this coun-
try arid from all countries for health. Most
of the foreigners there are persons who are
invalids, and those from this country need
the attention and sometimes the assistance of
an agent of this Government. It is only bare
justice that the salary should commence when
the former salary ceased, on the 14th of De-
cember.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say with
regard to this case that the facts are undoubt-
edly as stated by the honorable Senator from
Vermont. When this gentleman went out he
supposed the salary to be $1,500, because it was
raised to $1,500 during the war. We now
propose with regard to some half a dozen of
