3574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
sense; it is an application for compensation
for services rendered and sacrifices made, and
provisions and supplies furnished to our sol-
diers when prisoners in South Carolina .and
Georgia. The case * a very peculiar one;
and the reason I ask that it should go to the
Committee on Military Affairs is that I in fact
moved that it be referred to that committee
originally, and as I understood it was referred
to that committee; and some members of that
committee have had their attention called to
the subject-matter. That is the reason why I
desire to have it referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs now.
Mr. BROWN. I doubt very much the pro-
priety of referring claims to different commit-
tees when we have got a committee constituted
for that especial purpose. This is evidently
nothing more than a claim for damages done
by our armies.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. BROWN. It is for compensation ; that
is the groundwork on which it is predicated ;
and it ought to be substantiated in the manner
required by and to the satisfaction of the com-
mittee that have this general subject under their
cognizance. No w, I will say for the Committee
on Military Affairs that that same subject was
up before them at the lastipceting, an applica-
tion of the same kind was there pending, and
the committee after canvassing it thought it
ought not to go to that committee but should
go to the Committee on Claims, and ordered it
to be reported back to the Senate that it might
take that direction. That was the case of Mrs.
Wilson, a very similar case to this.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that was done
because this particular claim bad gone to the
Committee on Claims. " .
Mr. BROWN. No, that was done because
it was thought that was not the proper place
for the claim to be investigated ; and I submit
that it is improper that these things should be
sent to that committee. I, for one, as a mem-
ber of that committee, protest against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to urge this
motion against the sense of the Senate, and I
do it rather at the request of persons interested
in this claim. This claim is made by a lady
in the southern States, very strongly supported
by military officers who arc conversant with the
facts. I have no particular desire on the sub-
ject, although I prefer that it should go where
the persons interested desire it to go.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that that is
one of the very reasons why it ought not to go
there. If a party owning a claim is to desig-
nate the particular committee to whom it is to
be sent, we ignore all the rules of the Senate,
and we shall abandon to people outside of the
Senate the control of our business. I have
noticed, with a good deal of dissatisfaction I
confess, the gradual change that has been going
oil in the transaction of business in the Senate.
Eight years ago a claim of any description
whatever was neverjeferred to any other com-
mittee except the Committee on Claims; and
that is the rule that we ought to observe now
if we want to preserve regularity or consistency
in the transaction of the public business. Here
is claim which I understand grew somewhat
out of military transactions. It may be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and they will decide in a particular way as to
the manner in which it ought to be adjudicated
and the kind of settlement that ought to be
made. Another case comes up which grows
out of some transactions connected with naval
affairs. That is referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and that committee has a dif-
ferent manner of deciding those questions, de-
ciding them upon different principles; and so
we go 011 throughout the entire routine of our
committees, each committee deciding for itself
and upon its own particular theory of deciding
such questions. There ought to be uniformity
in our own rules and in our judgment; and in
order to secure that I think the experience of
the Senate in past years has demonstrated that
the proper tribunal to settle tKese questions is
the Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred a bill (H. R- No.
315) for the relief of the inhabitants of towns
and villages in the Territories of New Mexico
and Arizona, have instructed me to report it
back and to ask that they be discharged from
its further consideration and that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. I presume
it was referred by mistake to the Committee on
Territories, as it relates to proceedings about
the settlement of lands, and properly belongs
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (II.
R. No. 729) to change the port of entry in
Puget's sound, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a communi-
cation from the Department of State respect-
ing the establishment of a marine hospital at
Yokohama, in Japan, reported a hill (S. No.
408) making an appropriation for the erection
of a marine hospital at Yokohama, in Japan,
and for other purposes; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
609) to constitute Omaha and Nebraska City,
in the Territory of Nebraska, and St. Paul, in
Minnesota, ports of delivery, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 403) to place the name of Sarah Bacon on
the pension-list, reported adversely thereon.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R.No. 179)
for the relief of Edgar T. Harris, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted a bill (H. K. No. 705)Cor the
relief of George W. Bush, reported it without
amendment.
He also, froto the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 739) for the re-
lief of Samantha Rader, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 742) for the re-
lief of the minor children of Salvador Accadi,
deceased, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 743) amendatory
to an act entitled "An act granting a pension
to Mrs. Emerance Gouler," reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 740) for the re-
lief of Matilda J. Monroe, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 741) granting a
pension to Jonathan W. Beach, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel McMahon,
late a captain in the twentieth regiment New
York militia, praying for a pension, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sabina Himpel-
man, widow of the late Julius Himpelman, late
a private in company H, forty-sixth regiment
New York volunteers, praying for a pension,
submitted an adverse report thereon, as this
case, in the opinion of the committee, comes
under the general law passed at this session.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of CatharinoE. Whit-
all, praying for a pension, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a joint
resolution (II. 11. No. 180) extending the lime
for the completion of the Agricultural College
of the State oflowa, reported it without amend-
ment.
ST. PAUL AND LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill
(H. R. No. 191) to amend an act making a
grant of lands to the State of Minnesota to aid
in the construction of the railroad from St.
Paul to Lake Superior, approved May 5,1864,
reported it withQut amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there be no objection, I
ask the Senate to proceed at once to the con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume there is no
objection to considering it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend section
one of the act entitled '1 An act making a grant
of lands to the State of Minnesota to aid in
the construction of the railroad from St. Paul
to Lake Superior," approved May 5, 1804,
by adding to it the following proviso: pro-
vided further: that in case it shall appear,
when the line of the Lake Superior and Mis-
sissippi railroad is definitely located, that the
quantity of land intended to be granted by the
said act in aid of the construction of the said
road shall be deficient by reason of the line
thereof running near the boundary line of the
said State of Minnesota, the said company shall
be entitled to take from other public lands of
the United States within thirty miles of the
west line of said road such an amount of lands
as shall make up such deficiency; provided,
that the same shall be taken in alternate odd
sections as provided for in said act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
EVENING SESSION FOR PENSION BILLS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am directed by
the Committee on Pensions to report to the
Senate the following resolution and ask for its
present consideration:
Resolved, That there be an evening session of tho
Senate on .Friday, the 15th instant, commencing at
seven o'clock p. in., for tho purpose of considering
bills and reports from the Committee on Pensions.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
CAPTURE AWARDS.
Mr. HOWE. Some time since the Secretary
of War made a report, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate, communicating the evidence
upon which the special bounty or reward was
recommended to be distributed for the capture
of Jefferson Davis, and those papers were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia. I suppose the Committee oil
Financc will before the session closes recom-
mend an appropriation to pay that award, and
it seems to me proper that that committee
should have those papers before them. I there-
fore submit a motion that the Committee on
Military Affairs and tho Militia be discharged
from the further consideration of them and
that they be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMERCE ON CHINESE COAST.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent and agreed to : >
Resolved, That the President bo requested to in-
form the Senate, if not incompatible with the public
interests, whether any, and if so how many, Ameri-
can vessels have been destroyed by pirates during the
last year on the coast of China; and whether addi-
tional legislation is necessary for the protection of
American commerce on that coast.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 409) to provide for the publication of
papers relating to foreign affairs; which was
read twice by its title and referred to tho
Committee on Printing.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
