1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
latter motion was agreed to, and the only man-
ner in which the subject can be reached is by
suspending the rules.
Mr. WASBBURNE, of Illinois. Then it all
comes up in the proposition to reconsider the
vote by which two members were'added to the
select committee?
The SPEAKER. That is the gist of the
matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to understand the reason for reconsidering
that vote.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I will reiterate what I
have said upon that subject. I consider that
it is nothing more than right that I should do
so, and also to respond to something that has
fallen from the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.]
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,]
as the composition of this committee has been
debated at some length, the Chair will stata,
that ithas been his uniform custom, when a se-
lect committee has been ordered by the House,
to consult with the member who was to be the
chairman of the committee as to the personnel
of the majority of the committee. The rule
requires that the majority of a select commit-
tee shall be favorable to the measure for the
consideration of which the committee is raised.
When this select committee was ordered the
Chair consulted with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stkvb.nm,] who introduced the
original bill, and as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will say, he was satisfied with the
names of tlx; majority suggested by the Speaker.
Mr. STEVENS. I did eonscnt to the names
suggested. Mr. Buaxoecei: was the chairman
of the committee of last session, and when the
Speaker mentioned his name I replied, " Cer-
tainly. ''
Mr. P. THOMAS. The House has been so
very kind and indulgent that it is with extreme
regret that I intrude this upon the regular order
of business; but I hope the House will find
my apology in the peculiar circumstances of
the case. Now, if we were to permit a post-
ponement of this subject, I do not know what
motion might be made in my absence. I did
think, and I now believe that I was right in so
thinking, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
would not have made such a motion without
notifying the majority of that committee that
this attack was to be made upon the action of
the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I made no attack on the
committee.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I so considered it; I
mean an attempt to overthrow the action of
the committee. Now, 1 remonstrate most
earnestly against this proposed action. The
Speaker has said that where a measure is sub-
mitted to a select committee parliamentary law
requires that the majority of that committee
shall be favorable to the measure. That cor-
roborates all 1 have said; but you are not
obliged to have a committee friendly to the
particular instrumentality by which that end is
proposed to be'attained.
Jlr. STEVENS. 1 would inquire of the
gentleman whether in the present case the
member he has referred to did not oppose all
measures of this committee.
Mr. I1'. THOMAS. No, sir; I do not so un-
derstand it. We have a committee on recon-
struction, and day after day we read to them
propositions in regard to the mode or manner
in which the States of the South shall be per-
mitted to come back into the Union. Now,
does that committee feel themselves forbidden
to amend, modify, change, or alter those prop-
ositions, or even to repudiate them altogether?
Can they not come back to this Plouse and
recommend that all those propositions be re-
jected? And if the House is dissatisfied with
that recommendation of the committee, the
House can refer the subject to some other
committee for further advisement. There is
hardly a day when committees are called that
some one or more of them do not report back
some matter referred to them, and ask to be
discharged from its further consideration and
that it be laid on the table. And upon what
principle? Because the committees have a
perfect right to change their opinions, even if
the measure referred to them was one they
were originally friendly to. Of what earthly
use is a committee if they cannot do that ?
I do not understand the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] as reproaching
Mr. Bbandegee for anything morally wrong.
Suppose he was originally friendly to the very
instrumentality referred to the committee upon
which he was placed. In the course of the
investigation he finds that lie had taken a false
view of the subject, and changes his opinions
because good reasons have been laid before
him for that change. Therefore he votes with
a majority of the committee to report against
the very identical bill that he was at first
friendly to. Is not that according to the prac-
tice of committees here every day? Some
committee has a bill referred to it; they ex-
amine it, and report that it does not meet their
approbation; they move to amend it by strik-
ing out this or that part, or the enacting clause,
as they have the right to do. I presume it
does not require a wizard to understand that
much of parliamentary law.
Now, then, let me say that, so far as regards
the success of the movement, I attach no im-
portance to this question, because the Plouse
and the country now know that after the ap-
pointment of a committee by the gentleman
who made the proposition, a majority of the
committee have decided tliat the proposition is
inexpedient and unwise. All we ask is that
the committee shall now report the conclusion
to which they have arrived; and that, after it
has been ascertained that the committee are
about to report, there shall not be two more
members added to that committee to see
whether, after a delay of throe or four months
longer, the committee cannot be induced to
bring in a report satisfactory to gentlemen who
are now dissatisfied with the report on which
the majority of the committee have agreed.
I desire that all the public interests shall
have the advantage of the investigation already
had. When the report shall have been pre-
sented, the gentleman from Pennsylvania can,
if he chooses, have the subject-matter sent to
any committee which he may anticipate will
decide favorably to the project. I hope that
the House will reconsider its action and will
decline to add two additional members to the
committee. I trust that the committee will be
permitted to report the result of its investiga-
tions which have been continued for two months
or longer.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make this in-
quiry : if the motion now pending, which is to
postpone, should he agreed to, will it arrest
the appointment of the two" additional mem-
bers of this committee ?
The SPEAKER. After the disposition of
the motion to postpone, the question would be
upon the motion which, as the Chair under
stands, the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. P.
Thomas] proposes to submit for a suspension
of the rules to allow a reconsideration. If that
motion should be adopted, action would be
suspended; otherwise it would not.
Mr. LE BLOND. If the motion to suspend
the rules should be postponed, can the Chair
go on and appoint these two additional mem-
bers, and can the committee thus increased
proceed to act upon the subject-matter under
consideration? If this be so, then the House
ought of course to take immediate action.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say that if such a
thing takes place, I shall not, nor will the com-
mittee, ask the Chair to proceed any further
until the motion of the gentleman from Mary-
land shall be acted upon.
The SPEAKER. By parliamentary law,
the pendency of the motion to suspend the
rules would not arrest the appointment of the
two additional members. The Chair would
be obliged, after consultation with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, to make the appoint-
ment. But as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
states that ho would consider the pendency of
the motion to suspend the rules as equivalent
to a suspension of the action of the House, it
might be so understood. If that were the un-
derstanding, the Chair would not appoint the
additional members till the motion to suspend
the rules should be decided.
Mr. CONKLING-. If the present motion
to postpone should not prevail, the Chair will
go on and appoint the two additional members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be com-
pelled to do so, acting, of course, upon consul-
tation with the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope, then, that the
motion to postpone will not prevail: and as in
the ease of this bill this child has been put out
to nurse, and has been strangled, I hope that
two additional members will be appointed and
that we shall have some bill under which we
ean get such a railroad between here and New
York as is necessary in time of peace as well
as in time of war.
The SPEAKER. If the pending motion to
postpone the proposition to reconsider the vote
recommitting bill H. R. No. 281 should be re-
jected, the Chair would understand the House
as desiring him to go on and appoint the two
additional members.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that gen-
tlemen around me seem to prefer that a vote
should be taken now.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us make this a test
question. Those who are in favor of a rail-
road to New York will vote against the motion
to postpone.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I cannot allow the re-
mark which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Conkling] has just made to go before the
House or the country without correction. At
the very opening of my remarks I said that by
permitting this committee now to make its
report the House does not decide whether it is
or is not in favor of a railroad from here to
New York. A majority of the committee are
ready to report that they consider it unwise and
inexpedient to make a new railroad between
here and New York. When the committee shall
have made their report the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will have a right to move a sub-
stitute for that report and ask that the bill be
acted upon by the House. The committee do
not stifle or cover up anything. The_ commit-
tee cannot take away from the House its power
to say, "We will take up this bill and pass it
into a law." The committee do not contem-
plate anything of that kind. Let me state again,
and more fully, what is the nature of the objec-
tion which 1 now interpose to the appointment
of two additional members of the committee.
While this investigation was in progress the
Legislature of Maryland was iu session. The
House of Delegates and the Senate, constitut-
ing that Legislature, passed resolutions on this
subject, and delegated a committee to come
before the committee of Congress and repre-
sent the wishes of that Legislature. The com-
mittee heard that delegation for several days.
The boards of direction of the various railroads
between New York and this city have been be-
fore this committee, and have replied to every
interrogatory addressed to them. They have
laid before us voluminous testimony. The re-
sult is that the majority of the committee are
ready to present a report, not suppressing this
bill, not taking it out of the power of the friends
of the bill to bring it up and test the sense of
the House upon it. I simply desire that the
majority of the committee shall have the op-
portunity to present the result of their deliber-
ations, reporting the bill with the recommen-
dation that it be not passed, yet placing it sub-
ject to the action of the House.
If two additional members be now appointed,
the committee will be obliged to go over the
whole investigation again for the sake of those
two new members. We must reassemble the
committee of the Legislature of Maryland and
the delegations representing the different rail-
road companies. We must reexamine the vo-
luminous manuscript communications made to
the committee. Why, can any great object be
