174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Ho. of Beps.
New YorJc Contested Election—Mr. Marshall.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
of judgment or more candor or sincerity than I
am willing to accord to all other gentlemen.
But I do fear, if I have not misunderstood the
character and bearing of the testimony in this
case, that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
notwithstanding his acknowledged ability and
candor, has allowed himself in some manner
to be carried off from tjie true issue in this
case, and has permitted his judgment to be
warped. He has dwelt upon facts which, are
not in evidence, and has given the testimony
of witnesses excluded by £he committee. And
this inadmissible, excluded evidence (admitted
to be inadmissible) which is before us for no pur-
pose whatever, is manifestly that which controls
the judgment of the honorable gentleman, and
without which there would not be a plausible
pretext for sustaining the claim of the contest-
ant. And I cannot otherwise account for the
fact that very important evidence submitted in
this case, admitted to be competent evidence,
has been wholly ignored and forgotten by the
chairman of the committee in his discussion
before the House.
Before going into the evidence I wish to call
the attention of the House to the difficulties
under which the sitting member has labored in
presenting this case to the House and to the
country.
The contestant being one of the money lords
of the land, and the expense of a protracted
contest being to him. a matter of perfect indif-
ference, has taken advantage of lus position in
this respect. And in giving his specification
of the grounds of contest, instead of stating
distinctly the grounds on which he would rely
in a form which would be recognized by any
pleader, he has thrown together a mass of in-
consistent, loose suggestions, conforming in no
respect witIj the requirements of the act of
Congress in regard to contested elections, thus
misleading the sitting member in regard to the
issues, and harassing him by accumulating a
mass of evidence upon wliich he did not rely.
He consumed the time authorized by law for
taking testimony to such an extent that the
sitting member was not able to examine the
witnesses that he desired to examine, and the
evidence closed at midnight on the last night
allowed to him_ by law, and the appeal for fur-
ther time to. introduce additional evidence
was denied him, although he had a letter from
the chairman of the committee stating that
evidence under such circumstances would or-
dinarily be admitted by the House.
It is also true, and ought to be remembered
by the chairman of the committee, that the sit-
ting member came before the House and be-
fore the committee since the meeting of this
Congress, and asked, urged, and implored that
time might be extended to him that he might
poll the district and show by positive evidence
that he received the number of votes which
were returned for him. But this permission
was not granted. Therefore, I say, without de-
nymg that the decision of the House and of the
committee was right, that nothing can properly
and fairly be inferred or presumed against him
because he did not introduce this evidence. He
had no opportunity of doing so ; time was de-
nied him for that purpose by the contestant,
by (.he House, and by the Committee of Elec-
tions.
He furnished, as appears in the printed evi-
dence, two thousand names of men that he pro-
posed to call and examine for the purpose of
showing by legal evidence that he had received
the number of votes returned for him, but this
was not permitted. And I therefore repeat that
nothing can rightfullybc presumed against him
because he did not meet all the evidence, un-
satisfactory and illegal as it was, brought on
the part of the contestant.
If gentleman will look at the law of Congress
and the specifications of the contestant in regard
to the grounds of his contest, it seems to me
that there cannot be any one who will not hold
that there is a complete and utter failure to
comply with the act of Congress which requires
that the grounds shall be definitely pointed out.
This is not done, as I insist, in any single in-
stance. I cannot now go over them, but I
imagine before we take the vote upon this ques-
tion gentleman will feel called upon to look for
themselves into this matter and determine for
themselves.
I know it is held by many that this act of
Congress is not binding upon this House; that
the House being a judge of the election, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, the law
pointing eut the modes of giving notice, and of
taking evidence, and everything pertaining to
the matter, is merely directory, and that the
House may rightfully depart from it whenever
i,t pleases.
I think this is an erroneous view of the pow-
ers and duties of this House. A court, as such,
has no power of legislation. It is the judge of
causes within the limits of its jurisdiction, but
cannot^ prescribe the form of the process, the
time within which suits shall be commenced
and process served, or the rules of evidence.
For all this it must look to the law of the land.
_ And this House being, under the Constitu-
tion, a judge of the election, returns, and quali-
fications of its members, has not the power to
disregard the law in regard to the rules of evi-
dence or the character of a notice of contest
or the time within which it shall be given: Wo
are to judge as other judges upon the case
brought before us according to the forms of
law. There is no other proper rule of construc-
tion that can be given to this act of Congress
and the law governing this case. I insist that
this act of Congress not only furnishes a rule
that ought to be binding upon us injustice, but
that it is a law binding upon us as much as any
law is binding upon a common court of jus-
tice. We are but a court in trying causes of
this kind, and in determining them we must
recognize the mode of procedure and be gov-
erned by the rules of evidence prescribed by
the proper authorities of the country.
I do not propose to dwell on this. It seems
to me it is only necessary to suggest it for gen-
tlemen to see the force of it. A judge does
not prescribe the time within which a summons
shall be sued out and served on a defendant.
It is no part of his office. He must take the
law as he finds it. He must adopt the mode
of procedure prescribed by the law of the land.
So in regard to this body in determining as
judges upon the election, returns, and qualifi-
cations of its own members.
Jt is also a well-known rule of law that to
justify a recoveryinanycaseasufficientground
of recovery must be distinctly and clearly set
forth in the pleadings. And in the second
place, it is necessary that the evidence shall
sustain these allegations. In other words, the
proofs and the allegations must correspond,
and if there js a defect either in the pleadings
or in the evidence sustaining the allegations
the case necessarily fails. If there is no case
made out in the pleadings, although the evi-
dence may be clear and conclusive, there can
be no judgment given to the party asking
relief.
Before proceeding, I suppose it will not be
improper for me to call the attention of the
House to a few errors committed by the ma-
jority of the committee in regard to the facts
of the case.
In the majority report it is stated that there
were but four precincts to which the contest-
ant applied his evidence, and that the evidence
of the sitting member was confined also to
those four districts—ignoring entirely the fact
that the sitting member had impeached one of
the districts which had given a large majority
for Mr. Dodge, the contestant, and had sub-
mitted evidence for the purpose of sustaining
his allegation in regard thereto, showing that
there was illegal conduct on the part of the
canvassers which vitiated the returns so far as
to furnish grounds for throwing out those re-
turns altogether. And if so, if the returns
from that district are successfully impeached,
then the sitting member is entitled to his seat,
even though the other two districts are thrown
out also. Throw out the other two districts
entirely, as the chairman of the committee pro-
poses, on account of irregularity, and then
throw out this one in which Mr. Dodge had a
majority, and you still leave the majority in
favor of the sitting member.
But the fact that this district was impeached,
and that evidence was brought forward for
the purpose of excluding the vote, is ignored
by the chairman and by the majority of the
committee.
_ There is another statement, that Mackerel-
ville, the fifteenth district, has a bad reputation
in connection with the July riots. This is
taken, I suppose, from the suggestion of the
counsel of Mr. Dodge before the committee,
for I have been unable to find any evidence to
sustain the statement.
Another mistake is, that Andrew Brady, the
clerk of the fifteenth district, was a self-consti-
tuted clerk. Now, it is true that his brother
was first called as clerk and sworn, and that
Andrew was substituted for him; but he was
not self-constituted. He was accepted by the
registrars and inspectors, and recognized as
clerk. Mr. Hall, a Republican inspector and
registrar, states in his testimony that he was
appointed as such.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr._ Marshall] repeat what he was
saying? I did not fully understand him.
Mr. MARSHALL. I was speaking in regard
to Andrew Brady, the clerk of the fifteenth
district, being a self-constituted clerk. I say
that is a mistake ; he was accepted and recog-
nized by the inspectors, and Mr. Hall stated
that he understood that he was appointed
after his brother, who had been first appointed,
declined to act.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Andrew Brady was not
sworn, I believe.
Mr. MARSHALL. There is a conflict of
testimony in regard to whether or not he was
sworn.
Mr. BROOKS. This is the testimony on
page 220 of the large book:
" Question. And Mr. Andrew Brady did serve ?
^Ansiccr. Yes.
. " Question. Did he serve with the consent of the
inspectors of registry?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
Mr. DAWES. Daniel Brady says he was
appointed and sworn; that Andrew Brady was
appointed to take his place, and Mr. Hall says
that Andrew Brady was never sworn.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not propose to
dwell upon that point. I am calling attention
to the mistake of the chairman of the commit-
tee in calling Andrew Brady a self-constituted
clerk.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps it was not strictly
proper to call him a self-constituted clerk.
Mr. MARSHALL. Daniel Brady was first
appointed, but declined to act, and then An-
drew Brady was substituted in his place. He is
no more a self-constituted clerk than is any
other clerk appointed by the inspectors to act
in such cases. You might as well say that all
clerks are self-constituted. Andrew Brady was
just as much a clerk of election as was any one j
and if there was an omission to qualify him,
we have the decision of the supreme court of
the State of New York, in the case of The Peo-
ple vs. Cook, 4 Selden, that such an omission
does not vitiate the ballot. If he was appointed
clerk, and acted as such, he was an officer de
jacto, and the omission to swear him is no
ground for attacking and defeating the ballot.
Why is the fact brought forward with such so-
lemnity that Andrew Brady was a self-consti-
tuted clerk, and acted through a fraud? I say
that in this fifteenth district there is no evidence
or fraud, either in the conduct of the clerk or
the registrars, or any other officers, in making
up the register, or on the day of election. Thera
