1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261S
these places, where w« are satisfied that we
must have consuls and that the fees will not
pay them, to give them a salary of $1,500.
That is right enough; but if we go back in one
case to make up the deficiency between the
period when the salary ceased and the begin-
ning of the next fiscal year, I do_ not see why
the same rule should not be applied to all the
other places where we have paid a salary of
$1,500 during the war. If we begin this sys-.
tem with regard to Nice there is the same pro-
priety in going through with it in regard to all
these other consulates. As the policy has been
as a genera! rule not to go backward and pay
arrears of'salary, the committee do not recom-
mend anything of that kind. It is a matter
for the Senate to decide whether it is worth
while to make up to this gentleman who is con-
sul at Nice what he would have received had
the salary been §1,500, from-December until
the present time. It strikes me that the differ-
ence is not very great, and if it really costs no
more to live there than the salary amounts to,
this little addition will not give him much.
Mr. POLAND. It is very true, as the honor-
able Senator from Maine says, that the amount
of half a year's salary of $1,500 is not a very
large sum; but wheu the salary is not more
than half enough to support the gentleman and
his family at the place, it becomes a matter of
some importance. I will say, in reference to
the gentleman who holds this small consular
position, that he is a gentleman who is amply
qualified to represent us at any of the courts
of Europe. He is in the place, and I know
that when he went there, although as the law
then stood the.salary was only to last during
the war, ho was informed by Mr. Seward, See-
rotary of State, that the position of that place
and the wants of the Government were such
that undoubtedly the salary would bo contin-
ued. ile was told that although as the law then
stood it was only a temporary position, the
salary undoubtedly would be made permanent,
and that he might rely on that when he received
the appointment. In reference to many of the
other cases which the Senator named, where
the salary ceased at the same time, the con-
suls' fees are larger than the salary provided.
One object of the Government in providing a
salary instead of fees was, that the fees in some
cases would be a much larger compensation
than the salary of $l-,600 which the bill pro-
vides, so that the Government really makes a
saving by taking away the foes and reducing
the officer to a salary of $1,500; but that rea-
son does not apply to this case. I trust that
the amendment will bo adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I know Mr. Aldis very well,
and have known him for many years. I need
add nothing to what the Senator from Vermont
has said with regard to his eminent merits. He
was one of the Senator's associates upon the
bench of the supreme court of Vermont, and
I have regarded it as a substantial benefit to
our country that he was willing to accept this
post. He conferred with me before lie did
accept it, and I most earnestly counseled him
to accept it, if he could make up his mind under
the circumstances to leave the country ; for I
desired to secure his services there. I shall,
therefore, vote for this amendment; and I make
this distinction between this case and the others,
that in this case we actually have evidence with
regard to the character of the incumbent and
to the necessity of this increase. I have con-
ferred with my friend, the Senator from Ver-
mont ; I know the evidence that he has, and I
also have some evidence myself direct from
Nice, all showing the necessity of this increase;
and since I am informed of that necessity, and
am familiar with the merits of the incumbent,
and as the amendment is now moved, and I am
to yote upon it, I shall vote in favor of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In addition to the objec-
tion which I before stated, there is another diffi-
* culty in the way, and that is that in the mean
time, from the time the salary ceased up to the
1st of July next, this officer will have Jjeen
receiving his fees; and this amendment gives
him a proportion of $1,500 from last Decem-
ber, so that he would be getting the salary for
the same time that he was receiving the fees.
Mr. POLAND. I will modify that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see any reason
applicable to this case which is not applicable
to every other one that we have. This officer
may be, and unquestionably is, a gentleman of
high character and standing; but a consul is a
consul, and if we do this in one case there is
no reason why we should not do it in others
where the salary has not been received.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think there is a special
reason which applies to this case that has not
yet been wholly_ stated; and it may apply to
some others, or it-may not. Until some others
are suggested to which it does apply, I shall
take it that it doe's not apply to any others.
That reason is that Nice is the winter naval
station for our Mediterranean fleet. They have
been there most of the time, if I am corrcctly
informed, this winter, or at least a considerable
period of the time.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not the headquarters
of the Mediterranean fleet; the headquarters
is Lisbon.
Mr.EDMUNDS. Iofcourseyieldtothestate-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs as to where the technical headquarters of
the fleet is. I have not been there myself, and I
cannot say ; but if I am correctly informed by
the newspapers, and from private information
from Nice and from Florence, the Mediterra-
nean fleet, or some considerable portion of it,
has spent some time this winter at Nice; and
I think the chairman of the Naval Committee
will not dispute me on that. I have credible rea-
son to believe that this gentleman who has ljoen
referred to, and who is a gentleman, has been
obliged by those ordinary courtesies and duties
belonging to consuls, where any American citi-
zens or sailors are, to spend a sum of money
which would equal the amount of this small
salary for the short time during which it is pro-
posed to allow it to him, in those necessary acts
of hospitality and assistance which any man
who represents his country in any position
abroad feels bound to incur, and which, of
course, ordinarily uses up a very large part of
his salary. This gentleman, in this instance,
if I am correctly informed, has done this, and
therefore it appears to me that there is a special
reason which applies to his ease, and which may
not apply to the others, for having the salary
which he has really expended in the appro-
priate duties of his consulate, and in those
hospitalities which, to bo sure, the law does
not oblige him to perform, but which a decent
sense of respect for his countrymen requires
him to perform, should, to this small degree,
be made up.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes seven, noes not counted.
Mr. POLAND. One objection to the amend-
ment I offered before was that it was not equal
and exact justice to all. I now propose to
amend the amendment of the committee by
adding to it this proviso :
Andprovided, That in ouch of tho consulatcsnamod
in this schedule, where the salary hns ceascd, under
the provisions of the act of August 2,1861. the salary
shall commence at the time the former salary ceased.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It is to make up arrear-
ages to all these consuls.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line one hundred and thirteen of section
one, to increase the appropriation "for inter-
preters to the consulates in China, and to thecon-
sular court at Bankok in Siam" from $6,800
to S8,o00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee oil
Finance was'to add as an additional section the
following.
Sec. 3, And be it further enacted, That all foes col-
lected by any consul or commercial agent not men-
tioned in schedule B or C, or by any vice consul or com -
mercial agent appointed toperformtheirduties,orby
any other person in their behalf, shall be accounted
for to the Secretary of the Treasury in the same mod©
and manner as is provided for in section eighteen of
the act approved August 18,1806, entitled "An actto
regulate the diplomatic and consular system of the
United States." And whon the fees so collected by
tny consul or commercial agentamountto more than
2,000 in any onoyear the excess for that year shall
be paid to the Secretary of the Treasury in the mode
provided for by said act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment was
reported on the strength of statements made
to the committee by various gentlemen, that
some of the consulships which are paid by
fees alone afforded to the consuls very large
salaries, it is estimated as high as $10,000 in
some instances, and in one case even as much
as $20,000. They have vice consuls and com-
mercial agents at different places under them,
covering a large extent of territory, and receive
all the ices. The places paid by fees in this
way embrace some of the best positions in
Europe. It was stated on very good authority,
and I have no doubt is the fact, that many or
them actually receive very large pay from their
fees, much larger than any of the consuls at
regular salaried posts. The difficulty, however,
about it is, that it is rather troublesome to get
at it. Our consular system now is working
admirably well. The fees being accounted for
to the Treasury, and the consuls generally being
"paid by salaries, the system has now got to be
almost self-supporting; it costs very little.
The fees very nearly pay the salaries provided
for; I do not know exactly how nearly. In
those consulates, however, where the consuls
are paid by fees entirely, they do not account
for the fees, and they amount in some cases, as
we are informed, to a very considerable sum—.
much more than we pay to consuls who receive
salaries. I find that after this amendmentwas
drawn andreported, a, communication was sent
to the State Departmdnt requesting informa-
tion with regard to it and the opinibn of the
Department in relation to it. In reply we
received a coinmmiicatiQn from the Secretary
of State, which I send to the desk and ask to
have read.
The Secretary read the following communi-
cation:
Department op State,
Washington, April 25,1866.
Sir: In, replv to your letter of the 23d instant, I
have the honor to state thattheproposed section was
doubtless drawn up with the commendable and very
desirablo object of preventing any consular officer
from receiving an undue amount of compensation
from his fees.
Nevertheless, I am of opinion that laws already
existing furnish ample safeguards against the appre-
hended inconveniences, while they are notliable to
some of the objections which seem to mo to lie against
the proposition now presented. 1
Those objections aro: .
1. The proposed section requires a certain class of
consular officers to report their fees to the Secretary
of the Treasury, instead of, as at#resent, to the Sec-
retary of State, by whom they aro submitted to Con-
gress and to the President. As the Department of
State is charged with the appointment, direction,
supervision, and removal of these officers, it would
seem to be essential to a proper discharge of its func-
tions that they should report to it.
2. Thcpmposedsection appears to have been drawn
up under the erroneous impression that all the fees
received constitute a merely personal compensation
to tho consular agent receiving them. It is to beeon-
sidered that out of these foes are also to bo paid
the office rent, clerk hire, and all other expenses in-
curred in the performance of the services for which
the fees aro exacted. It is also to be remembered tb at
section fifteen of the act of August 18, 1856, already
provides that " every consular agent shall be entitled,
as compensation for his services, to_ such fees as he
may collect in pursuance of the provisions of this act,
or so much thereof as shall be determined by the Pres-
ident; and tho principal officer of the consulate-or
commercial agency within the limits of which such
eousular agent shall bo appointed, shall be entitled
to the residue, if any, in addition to any other com-
pensation allowed him by this act for his services
therein." Inasmuch as the duties and labors of every
such consul aro proportionately increased by every
such agency over whiob_ he has supervision ana /or
whose acts he is responsible, to abrogate this portion
of the act, as this proposition seems to contemplate,
would be to require tho consul in such cases to as-
sume additional labors and responsibilities, attenaea
probably by increased expenses, for wiuen lie is to
receive no compensation, or else to discourage 'the
appointment of agencies which the growth.oi Amer-
ican trade in his disti ict really demands.
3. Values a.nd prices, as well as the duties, respon-
sibilities, and expenditures ofconsular ov&ry
sa (frf-'ifix- in different parts of the world that a um-
fom uS omooo would be. in different localities,
