1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1655
gained by requiring that at our hands? The
fact is open, palpable, known now to the whole
House, and soon will be known through the in-
strumentality of our reports to the whole coun-
try, that a majority of the committee are of the
opinion it ought not to pass. All we ask is that
that majority should be allowed to make re-
port. That is all.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say that out of
respect to the gentleman from Maryland, I have
withheld objection to this debate, which has
only proceeded by unanimous consent. And
having said that, I ask his permission to make
a single suggestion.
Mr. Speaker, we all understand, in the quaint
old language-of parliamentary law, that a child
is not to be put to nurse with those who will
strangle it. The Speaker will know whether
I am right or not. In an early part of the ses-
sion the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevexk] made a motion for the creation of a
select committee to which a certain subject
should be referred. It was not a new thing.
It did not need any investigation of evidence,
voluminous or otherwise. The Speaker, with
the eare and caution which the present incum-
bent of the Chair gives to everything with
which he has to do, took, it seems, particular
pains t'o observe the understanding and require-
ment of the parliamentary law in the composi-
tion of this committee; but, in spite of the
unusual care he took, it so happened the com-
mittee was not against a particular bill, was
not divided as to a particular mode and man-
ner in which the expressed determination of
the House should bo carried out and embodied,
but the majority of that committee was radi-
cally against the whole measure which was
proposed.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I do not think it right
and proper that the gentleman should intro-
duce an elaborate argument into my remarks.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to postpone the pending
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House recommitted the bill in reference to the
postal laws. If the strict rule be enforced, this
debate is all out of order.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I will say my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] misunderstood my
remarks this morning.
Mr. CONKLING-. The gentleman from
Maryland has referred to me and I want to
set myself light.
Mr. RADFORD. I want to correct a state-
ment made by the gentleman. I understood
the gentleman to say a majority of the com-
mittee are radically opposed to a new road
between Washington and New York. For my-
self, I wish to deny that charge. I was in favor,
and am in favor, of a railroad between New
York and Washington to-day, provided I could
see the right of Congress to pass a bill of that
character.
Mr. CONKLINCr. I am glad to hear the
explanation of my colleague, for I do not wish
to misrepresent any gentleman.
Mr. RADFORD. I suppose not.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I ask whether it is right
that the gentleman should exhaust my time in
this way?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the gentleman, but 
Mr. F. THOMAS. 1 claim the floor.
Mr. CONKLINCr. The gentleman referred
to me, and I was only stating my position.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I claim the floor. I
consider the remarks of the gentleman as an
argument on this matter and not in explana-
tion of his position. He gets up and interrupts
me, and then goes into an elaborate discussion
of all the points involved in the question pre-
sented to the consideration of the House. I
never did like the practice which has grownup
in Congress of interpolating one speech into
another. 1 have never indulged in it during
any portion of my life. I know it is a practice
prevalent here, and that 1 must have respect
for it, because it is indulged in by gentlemen
who have a better idea of the proprieties than
I have; but as I do not practice it myself I
must be allowed to protest against it, and espe-
cially when I find the whole argument of the
gentleman has nothing at all upon which to
rest. The fact is, that the majority of this
committee have reported against no instru-
mentality devised by Congress to make a rail-
road between here and New York. There is
no such report before Congress. The fact is
simply this, that they have instructed a major-
ity of the committee to report a specific meas-
ure submitted to them with a recommendation
that it do not pass. That is all. Any gentle-
man on the floor may move a substitute. The
gentleman from New York, as well as myself,
may move a substitute. We cannot, if we
would, and we would not if we could, keep the
bill from coming befoie the House, but we
desire the committee to report the result of a
long, tedious, and elaborate investigation. That
is all.
Now, suppose the reconstruction committee
had a proposition referred to it and they had
considered it in the light of all the information
which had been brought to their attention, and
suppose after a most thorough examination the
majority had come to the opinion that the par-
ticular proposition should not pass, what would
bo thought of the minority of the committee,
instead of allowing the report to be made, to
come here and ask additions to be made to the
committee so as to overreach the action of the
majority?
I think I have said enough on this point to
satisfy gentlemen that the position I take is the
just and proper one. I say that the committee
may after investigation adopt or reject certain
instrumentalities referred to them in favor of a
measure which meets with the approval of their
judgment.
I will not go further into that point, but I
will make this proposition to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania with a view to avoid any
further controversy: if the gentleman will
agree that no committee shall be appointed
until these gentlemen return and the case shall
come up de novo for action 
Mr. STEVENS. What does the gentleman
mean by "dc novo V
Mr. F. THOMAS. It is that we shall, not-
withstanding the motion to reconsider has been
laid upon the table, be brought to the plain
proposition whether the majority of the House
will allow this thing or not.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman will
exeeuse ine from going that far.
I wish to say that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] misunderstood my
remarks this morning. I did. not say the argu-
ments addressed to the committee were persist-
ent and that the gentleman referred to could
not resist them. When I said the gentleman
had changed I did not say from persistent argu-
ment but from argument. I meant nothing
more. We had argument upon argument on
the measure sent to us, and 1 only rose to ex-
onerate the gentleman referred to from any
suspicion of having been convinced by persist-
ent argument.
Mr.CONKLING-. I wish tube allowed to
say that the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania this morning was in effect to cor-
rect a mistake—a mistake into which the Speaker
and the House fell, the Speaker having, in spite
of all the pains he took, constituted a commit-
tee which in the end turned out to be adverse
I to this measure. Now, sir, because the motion
I is made for that purpose, because it does carry
! out the original intention of the House, to wit,
that the committee should report here a prop-
osition favorable to the construction of a road
from here to New York. I hope for one the
action this morning will not be overturned, but
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania will per-
sist, and that the House will sustain him in per-
sisting, in that action. Then we shall have a
proposition which the country, the enterprise
of the whole country demands—that is, a prop-
osition to construct a road relieving the public
from the inconvenience, from the imposition,
from the monopoly to which it is subjected. I
speak in the interest of no line, no corporation,
no proposition peculiar to any set of men ; I
speak only in the interest of a railroad from the
political to the commercial capital of this coun-
try to rival that which now exists, and to give
to the country, I hope, that convenience which
is denied now and which can be found only in
the construction of another railroad between
the termini I have mentioned.
I hope the motion to postpone the regular-
order will be defeated, and that on this ques-
tion we will have the assistance of all those in
the House \yho are against perpetuating the
monopoly under which the traveling public
groans and has been groaning for years past.
That is all I wish to say. '
Mr. F. THOMAS. I suppose if the motion
to postpone be agreed to the matter to which I
have reference will come up.
The SPEAKER. If a majority of the House
refuse to postpone the pending proposition the
Chair will regard that as instruction that addi-
tional members should be so named as to make
the majority of this committee in favor of the
original bill referred to them. The Chair will
state that in the appointment of select commit-
tees be always consults with the friends of the
measure as to their personnel, as he did in this
case.
This is in accordance with the old parlia-
mentary rule referred to by the gentleman, that
a child must not be nursed by one who does
not care for it. It was decided two or three
hundred years ago that the whole of a select
committee should be in favor of the bill referred
to them, and it was held to such an extent that
if a member was named who did not intend to
go for it, it was required of him that he should
rise in his place and ask to be excused from
serving on the committee. That was as fax-
back as 160G ; but in the House of Represent-
atives the practice lias been that a majority
should be favorable to the bill.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Does the Speaker main-
tain that a majority of the committee are bound
to sanction anything that, is sent to them?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does notso hold;
but that, they should be "friends of the measure
referred."
Mr. F. THOMAS. So I understand. But
does not the Chair recognize the parliamentary
law of which I spoke, that the majority of the
committee may report a bill back to the House
with a recommendation that it do not pass?
The SPEAKER. If they are convinced on
hearing the arguments, they would have to so
report it. But the duty of the Presiding Officer
is to make a select committee which shall be
friendly to the measure referred to it, and there-
fore the Speaker always consults the chairman
of the select committee about the composition
of the majority of the committee._
The question is on postponing the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. STEVENS. By common consent let
the motion to reconsider be considered as post-
poned and then take the vote on the suspension
of the rules. _
I The question being accordingly taken on the
i motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
| reconsidering the vote by which the Houseadded
j two members to the select committee, there were
i —aves 4o, noes 55.
II The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
|! pointed Messrs. Stevi:xs and F. Thomas.
!! The House divided; and the tellers reported—
i; ayes 43. noes 54.
11 * So the House refused to suspend the rules.
;! The SPEAKER appointed as the additional
■' members of ihe select committee, Mr. Wash-
! bckse, of Illinois, and Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.
;j akmt bill.
!i Air. SCHENCK. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I have not asked to make any bill pro-
H ceeding from the Committee on Military Af-
jl fairs a special order at this session, but I think
]; it is important that I should do so hi reference
to the Army bill. I will, therefore, ask that
the House permit me to report that bill say on
Monday next, and make it the special order
from day to day until disposed of.
