1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Make it
the special order after the morning hour. -
The SPEAKER. There is one special order
and only one remaining in the House, which is
the bankrupt bill; but as that was made under
a suspension of the rules, a special order by
unanimous consent overrides it.
Mr. JENCKES. If the House will allow an
evening session for the consideration of the
bankrupt bill I think we can dispose of it. It
can be disposed of in a few hours.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose tlie Committee
of Ways and Means want to report the inter-
nal revenue bill, what will be the effect of this
special order on that?
The SPEAKER. The committee could not
report while there ia a special order pending.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Scuexck] whether it would not be the shortest
way of getting at this by postponing his motion
until the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means is present.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I would willingly do so,
but I think the House will concur with me that
there is no bill more important or pressing than
this, if we may believe what the officers of the
Department communicate to the country in re-
gard to the necessity of having the Army bill
disposed of, or if we look at the intense anxiety
pervading the whole volunteerforce of the coun-
try, which is, to some extent, to be transferred
by examination, and to constitute apart of the
regular Army. I think we can dispose of it in
two days.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the Chair will understand that the Committee
of Ways and Means will have leave to report
an internal revenue bill, and as soon as it re-
ports it will go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCIIENCK. 1 have no objection to
that understanding.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
on Monday next, after the morning hour, the
Committee on Military Affairs will have leave
to report the Army bill, and make it the special
order from day to day till disposed of.
LEAVE OF ABSEXCE.
MrrANCONA asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Dexipon, for ten
days from Friday last; and also stated that he
had paired with Mr. Lawrence, of PennsyH
vania.
Air. ALLEY asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Ames.
HOSPITAL IN THE DJSTO1CT 01' COLTIMIUA.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced^ bill to incorporate the Gcneial
Hospital oi the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
TKADE WITH BKITISII AMERICA AGAIN.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Puck] wiihdraws his objection to the reso-
lution I submitted this,morning.
Mr. ANCONA objected, but Subsequently
withdrew his objection, a;id
Mr. BERGEN renewed it.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered, the ITonse
will hold session? every Tuesday and Thursday even-
ings for tho call of committees, commencing on Tues-
day evening, tho 27th instant.
^ Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The House is ahead of tho Senate in legislation.
POSTAL LAWS.
The House proceeded to consider tho motion
of Mr. Alley to reconsider the vote of the
House by which House bill No. 281, to amend
the postal laws, was recommitted to tho Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, Mr.
Alley J>eing entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, the postal bill
which was reported several weeks ago was
objected to on account of its great length, and
a desire having been expressed at that time to
have it printed, I yielded to the request and
movedthat the bill be recommitted and printed.
I then entered a motion to reconsider for the
purpose of bringing it up when it should suit
the convenience of the House. That motion
is now before the House.
But before tho motion is put I will explain
the provisions of the bill. The main objections
I believe to that bill were to a supposed pro-
vision which members seemed to apprehend
was in the bill in relation to the prepayment of
postage on newspapers. That provision was
not in the bill and is not reported at all by
the committee.
Another provision which excited a good deal
of opposition at that time, and which is now in
the bill, I propose to move to strike out. The
remainder of the bill I think will occasion no
opposition whatever.
This bill passed the committee unanimously.
All its provisions were asked for by the Depart-
ment.
The first section is in relation to stamped
envelopes.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman yield
to allow me to ask a question ?-
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill, as I apprehended
it, contained two propositions: one that tho
Government was to give away envelopes, char-
ging nothing except the price of the stamps, and
tho other requiring subscribers of local news-
papers to pay postage upon their papers if car-
ried through the mail. I should like to learn
from the gentleman from Massachusetts whether
he proposes to relieve tho bill entirely of the
provision with regard to giving away envelopes
on payment of the price of the stamps upon
them, and also the provision relative to impos-
ing postage upon local newspapers. If those
provisions be stricken out, I shall be willing,
so far as 1 am at present informed, to vote for
tho bill.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. CoNKLixcf] has manifested very con-
siderable zeal and solicitude with regard to this
small matter of stamped envelopes, and also in
relation to newspaper postage, and I will state
for his special gratification that I propose to
move to strike out tho provision which the bill
now contains on the subject of stamped envel-
opes.
The other provision to which the gentletaan
alludes has-never been reported from the com-
mittee, and it is not their purpose to report any
provision of that character. There is nothing
m this bill affecting that question.
Now, Sir. Speaker, the first section of tho
bill contains a provision with regard to stamped
envelopes which I have just intimated I shall
at tho proper time move to strike out.
The second section provides,
That from and after the 1st clay of April, 1866, pre-
paid letters shall bo forwarded, at the request of tho
party addressed, from one post offiee to another with-
out additional postage charge; and returned dead
letters shall bo restored to the writers thereof freo of
postage.
The third section provides that so much of
previous lawsas requires postage to be charged
at the prepaid rate, to be collected on the re-
turn delivery of letters indorsed with a request
for their return to the writers, shall be repealed;
and that all letters bearing such indorsement
shall hereafter be returned to the writers thereof
without additional postage charge.
Tho provisions of these two sections have
been recommended by the Department, and the
committee were unanimously of opinion that
they should be adopted. I am prepared to give
any explanation in regard to them which mem-
bers may desire.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to suggest that the bill
be read section by section, so that it may be
amended as we go along?
Mr. ALLEY. I thought it best to explain
the contents of tho bill before the House voted
upon tho motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not yet before
the House. The question is on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which it was recom-
mitted. If there is no objection, the Chair will
regard the motion to reconsider as adopted and
the bill as before the House.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House ; and the Clerk will read it section by
section for amendment.
The first section was read. It proposes to
authorize the Postmaster General, in his dis-
cretion, to sell postage-stamped envelopes for
letters or newspapers, at the value of the stamps
impressed thereon, without reference to tho cost
of procuring and furnishing the same.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to strike out that
section.
The motion was agreed to.
The second section was read. It provides
that from and after the 1st day of April, 1866,
prepaid letters shall be forwarded, at the re-
quest of the party addressed, from one post
office to another without additional postage
charge; and returned dead letters shall be re-
stored to the writers thereof free of postage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether he proposes to_ allow this section to
stand intact. If so, I wish to inquire of him
why, if these dead letters are returned, post-
age should not be paid upon them?
Mr. ALLEY. That provision is recom-
mended by the Department; and the reasons
given by the Department, which the committee
deem sufficient, are thus stated:
"The collection of postage on such returned letters
complicates the accounts under the law fixing sala-
ries of postmasters. These letters must be entered at
the mailing and then at the receiving office, and
postage collected; and such as cannot be delivered
must bo credited to the postmaster when sent to tho*
dead-letter office. The aim of the Department is to
have no unpaid letters in the mails, and to collect all
revenues by means of postage stamps, avoiding tlio
necessity of keeping accounts. In future, postmasters
arc to enter in their accounts only unpaid letters,
which are mostly from or to foreign countries, and it
seems inconsistent to send thousands daily from this
Department with instructions to enter them and col-
lect postage. The amount is comparatively small,
and yet the attendant labor very considerable. I
therefore suggest, as a matter for tho consideration
of Congress, the propriety of restoring prepaid letters
to the owners free of postage, especially in view of
the fact that a very large proportion go to poisons of
moderate means."
There is such a small portion of the letters
sent back that are called for and the postage
paid that it really amounts to very little to the
Department. The expense is nearly as much
as it comes to. Therefore we have proposed
this as & great saving of labor to the Depart-
ment without any very great loss, as the whole
thing amounts to but a small sum.
Mr. W ASHB URNE, of Illinois. Tho labor
has to bo done anyhow. I suppose the gentle-
man wants tho letters returned and not have
anything charged for them.
Mr. ALLEY. The postage has always to be
prepaid.
Mr. KASSON. I will state what I under-
stand the facts to be about this clause. Instead
of a question of revenue and inconvenience
alone, I approve the action of the committee
in recommending this clause for this reason:
it is in the direction of simplicity and uniform-
ity. It already prevails at English post offices
under the simplified system of England.
The last clausc is the only thing about which
there can be any difficulty. The first clause is
certainly a very great convenience and was pro-
posed, I think, two or three years ago. I think
the House then adopted that proposition. It
simply authorizes, when a traveler has gone
from one city to another, his letter shall be
forwarded without a now account. It is to
facilitate the work among postmasters. The
other clause concerning dead letters is a mat-
ter of more pecuniary importance. It is in the
same direction of simplicity and uniformity and
the abolition of unnecessary accounts. It may
sacrifice a few thousand dollars, but it will be
of great convenience, not only to the public,
but to the Department. I believe it harmo-
nizes with the views of the Department for four
or fiye years in both of these directions.
The section was agreed to.
