592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
E
consent obtained,-leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 125) granting aid in the construction of a
rail?oad and telegraph line from the town of
i'-okom, to the town of Placerville in the State
of California.;, and a bill (S. No. 126) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the city of Placerville,
itt the State of California, to the most feasible
point of intersection with the Pacific railroad,
in the State of Nevada; which were severally
read twice by their titles, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 28) carrying out the guar-
antee of a republican form of government in
the Constitution of the United States, and en-
forcing the constitutional amendment for the
irohibition of slavery; which was read twice
iy its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that the resolution
be read at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas it is provided in the Constitution thattlie
United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Uniona republican form of government; and where-
as by reason of the failure of certain States.to main-
tain Governments- which Congress can recognize, it
has became the duty of the United States, standing
in the place of guarantor, where the principal iun
made a lapse, to secure to such States, according to
the requirement of the guarantee, governments re-
publican inform; and whereas, further, it is provided
m a recont constitutional amendment, that Congress
may "enforco"theprohibitionoi'slaveiyby "appro-
priate legislation," and it is important to tins end
thatall lelics of slavery should be removed, including
all distinction of r.ights on account ofcolor; now.there-
fore, to carry onttho guarantee of a Republican form
of government, and to enforce the prohibition of sla-
very,
Be itreiolvcdbythe.Senfitecmdnousrof Representative/I
of the United >States of America in Gonqresn wwi/iw,
That in all States lately declared to be in rebellion
there shall be no oligarchy, aristocracy, caste, or mo-
nopoly invested with peculiar privileges or powers,
and there shall bono denial of rights, civil or political,
on account of color or raeo ; but all pel-,sons shall bo
. equal before the law, whether in the court-room or at
the ballot-box; and tins statute, made in pursuance
ofthe Constitution, shall bo the supremo law of the
land, anything in the constitution or laws of any such
State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that this joint reso-
lution be printed and lie on the table for the
present. 1 give notice that, T shall move it at
the proper time as a counter proposition to the
resolution proposing a constitutional amend-
ment.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
EXHIBITION OF MINERAL SPECIMENS.
Mr. NYE aslced, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. It. No. '21?) for the exhibition of specimens
of gold and silver and other minerals, the pro-
duct of the United States; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. NYE. I ask for the present consider-
ation of tlie joint resolution.
Thero being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of t he Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. As it is deemed desirable
that a collection of specimens of the gold and
silver and other minerals of the United States
should be made, and space provided for their
exhibition and examination, in order that the
citizens ofthe United States and other persons
may obtain some adequate idea ofthe abound-
ing and undeveloped wealth of the various por-
tions of the public domain, and as the Patent
Office, where are collected the models illus-
trating the inventive genius and productive in-
dustry of the people, and samples ofthe products
of agriculture, is also deemed the proper place
for an exhibition showing the mineral wealth
of the country; the resolution, therefore, au-
thorizes and requires the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to set apart in the Patent Office building
such space as may be spared for the purpose,
for the arrangement and exhibition, in cases
specially provided and under his direction, of
such specimens of gold and silver and other
minerals, the product of mining skill and in-
dustry in the L uited States, as may be con-
tributed tor the purpose by its citizens ; which
specimens are to be considered as deposits, to
be duly receipted for, and to remain the prop-
ertyof the depositors, and subject to their order.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment; ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed-.
house bill referred.
The bill (EL R. No. 204) to regulate the regis-
tering of vessels, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
land locations in missouki.
Mr. HARRIS.' I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up Senate bill N o. 36.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 30) quieting doubts in relation to the valid-
ity of certain locations of lands in the State of
Missouri, made by virtue of certificates issued
under the act of Congress of February 17, 1815,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill contains two sections, the first of
which provides that all locations of lands in the
State of Missouri, purporting to have been made
by virtue of certificates issued under the act of
Congress, approved February 17, 1815, entitled
"An act for the relief of the inhabitants of the
late county of New Madrid, in the MissouriTer-
ritory, who suffered by earthquakes," which are
invalid in consequence of having been made or
located after the expiration ofthe time specified
by law for making those locations, shall be as
valid and as binding as if they had been made
and fully completed within the time prescribed
by law, provided they are according to law in
all other respects; but this provision shall not
apply to, comprehend, include, or extend to any
land within township forty-five, north ofthe base
line, in range seven, east of the fifth principal
meridian line, in said State of Missouri.
By the second section the UnitedStatesgrant,
relinquish, and convcy in fee simple, and in full
property, to James Y. O' Carroll, or his legal
representatives, all of the right, title, and in-
terest of the United States in and to all ofthe
land within survey No. 2498, in township forty-
five, north of the base liue in range seven oast
of the fifth principal meridian line, in the State
of Missouri, being the same land that was loca-
ted by virtue of the c-ertificatc No. 150 issued
to James Y. 0'Carroll or his legal representa-
tives, under the act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary 17, 1815. There is, however, a proviso
that nothing in this section shall grant, relin-
quish, or convey the whole or any part of any
lot, tracts piece, or parcel of land in that town-
ship, which has been heretofore confirmed by
the United States to any person or persona, or
to the legal representatives of any person or
persons; and that nothing in this section shall
in any manner abridge, divest, impair, injure,
or prejudice any valid adverse right, title, or
interest of any person or persons in or to any
portion or part of the land which is granted, re-
linquished, and conveyed by the section.^
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire of the
Senator from New York if the proviso to the
last section ought not to extend to the first.
It occurs to me that under the first section of
the bill there might be adverse rights; I do not
know that there are any, but if there should
be, ought they not to be protected in the same
way as they are against the title that is acquired
under the second section.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 understand that the first
section of the bill applies to locations actually
made—of couise, therefore, there can be no
adverse rights—locations made under land war-
rants granted under the act of 1815; but there
is a doubt as to the validity of these locations
under a decision of the Supreme Court which
holds that no warrant, where the survey was
not made within the time limited for the loca-
tion, is valid. It is merely to validate locations
which were supposed to have been well made
before. It is, therefore, only to confirm the
titles to locations actually made, but where no
survey had been made in time. I havealetter
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office approving of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not persist in mov-
ing any amendment to the bill. I only wished
to call the attention of the Senate to it. I
observe that the first section of the bill reads,
" That all locations of lands in the State of Mis-
souri, purporting to have been made by virtue
of certificates issued under the act of Congress,"
&c., shall be confirmed. There evidently is
some dispute about this, or else there could be
no occasion for the act. I am well aware that
such is the case in regard to old confirmation
claims. have had a good many of them in
the State of Illinois. There is a case now pend-
ing in the Supreme Court of the United States
where a party claims land under a grant prior
to 1800. That same land hasbeen entered and
patented by parties within a few years. That
question is now being tested as to which ofthe
parties is entitled to the land, in consequence,
as is alleged, of a defect in the original grant,
which, of course, would take the land if it were
perfect.
Now, here it seems there is some question
about these location^. I am not advised with
regard to these particular lands, and only desire
to call the. attention of the Senator to the ex-
ception which I see is confined merely to the
last section. It would do no hurt by possibility
to say that "nothing in this act shall in any
manner interfere with other claims." I am
not sufficiently advised on the question to insist
on it, but I suggest to the Senator that it is
possible it might do injustice without a proviso.
Mr. HARRIS. I am in favor of some such
provision as that, although I have no idea that
it can apply to the first section. The trouble
in relation to it is making out a perfect chain
of title in the present occupants, holders, and
claimants of these lands, inasmuch as the Su-
preme Court have held that their location is
not valid. I have no objection to amending
the bill in the way suggested by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It can do no harm, and
I think it a safer way of legislation.^ If it meets
the views of the Senator from New York I move
to amend the proviso by striking out the word
"section" and inserting the word "act," so as
to make it apply to the whole act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The word "section"
occurs twice in the proviso.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Wherever
it occurs in the proviso the word "act" will bo
substituted for it.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
sale 01? stamps and envelopes.
On the motion of Mr. DTXON, the Senate,
as in Committee of (he Whole, resumed the
consideration ofthe bill (S. No. 71) relative to
the sale of postage stamps and stamped envel-
opes on credit, the pending question being on
the amendment reported by Mr. Dixux from
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized, whenever in his opinion the public-ser-
vice shall require, uytil the 30th clay ol' June, 3863, to
deposit postage stamps and. stamped envelopes with
such peisons as he may select, for sale. The persons
with whom stamps and stamped envelopes are so de-
posited shall engage to sell and circulate the same
under the instructions of the Po^l mosterGenerahand
shall give bond in such sura as the Postmaster General
may Uircct,with 0110 or more sureties, conditioned for
the faithful keeping of the stamps and stamped en-
velopes so intrusted to them, and for the payment to
the PostOfficeBepartment, in such manner as directed
by the Postmaster General, of the moneys arising from
the sale thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
masterGeneral may allow to such depositaries, under
the provisions of this act, a commission not exceeding
five per cent, on all sales of stamps and stamped
envelopes by them made, and the Auditor 01 the
Treasury for tlie Post Office Department t-liall audit
and settle all such accounts, &uoh persons *haii  e
deemed receivers and custodians of public money.
They shall not sell stamps or stamped envelopes on
credit, but shall sell them invariably for coin or Uni-
ted States Tr&asury notes, and at a price not exceea-
