8576
THE CONGliESSION"AL GLOBE.
July 5,
tbority of law enabling her to make expend-
iture. Certainly the defense of the coast of the
country is a matter proper for the General Gov-
ernment. To allow a State to erect whatever
fortifications that State may see proper without
any authority of lawfrom the General Govern-
ment, and then topaythe bill, is certainly com-
mitting a very large discretion to the States,
because there are a great many works xif de-
fense and improvement which a particular State
and the citizens of that State may desire upon
its coast that the General Government might
not see proper, even in time of war, to erect.
If a State of its own motion may undertake to
erect fortifications or works of defense which
are agreeable to her own citizens, certainly it
is giving that State a very great advantage for
the Federal Government to foot the bill. What-
ever, according to the judgment of the people
of that State, may be desirable, they may go on
constructing, notwithstanding the absence of
any law or authority on the part of the Federal
Government, and then come to Congress and
ask that the bill be paid.
The coast of my State was as much exposed
according to its size as the State of Massachu-
setts, and it would have been very desirable
during the last war to have fortifications erected
at Lewes, on Delaware bay, but I apprehend
that it would not have been proper for the
Legislature of Delaware without, any authority
of Federal law to make such improvements
and erect such fortifications as might have been
convenient to that State and desirable to her
people.
It seems to me this is-a species of legislation
which ought not to be encouraged, and yet we
know how very modest Massachusetts is. She
never asks for anything but what is right, and
therefore I presume she will obtain anything
she does desire. At the same time I must say
again that I think it is a very dangerous species
of legislation. If the precedent is once set,
every State hereafter in time of war will go to
work, erect fortifications upon her coast, give
employment to her people, spend a large sum
of money, do everything on the coast that that
particular State may desire, when perhaps the
Federal Government would not, if it under-
took the woik, make half the expenditure, and
then when the fright is over, when nobody is
hurl, when no State has been invaded, present
a handsome little bill-to Congress to foot. Thus
a State may have all the improvements on her
coast that she wants, without any authority of
law from the General Government, and which
have only been pleasing and desirable to her
own people, constructed at the cost of the
General Government. I think the precedent
is a very dangerous one.
Mr. SPRAGL'E. There was no law for
sending forty or fifty thousand troops to Wash-
ington after the firing upon Fort Sumter ; but
still these troops have been paid by the Fed-'
eral Government. This is a parallel ease.
Danger threatened the coast; the Government
of the United States warned the Governors of
the States that were nearest to the danger, and
expenditures were made for ammunition and
for ordnance. Three fourths of this claim is
for ammunition and ordnance now in the pos-
session of Massachusetts which it is desirable
that the Government of the United States
should take and pay for in accordance with
the terms of the original purchase. The ex-
penditures for this ordnance, and this ammu-
nition were made at the desire of the General
Government. By letters communicated to the
different States and people throughout the
country, the officials in each State were con-
stantly warned of threatened danger from
foreign invasion and urged to take measures
against them.
Sir, this was simply at that time a loan of the
money of Massachusetts to the General Govern-
ment when the money which was wanted could
not be obtained or was not in the hands of
the General Government, as everybody knows,
to pay these claims. Massachusetts at that
time ei'.ird more readily obtain the funds neces-
sary for'.Li- expenditure than the General Gov-
ernment, and hence the money was raised by
Massachusetts and the expenditures made by
her. At, every point whore expenses were
entered into  for coast defense, the spot was
designated by the General Government and
by its officers. Most if not all of these ex-
penditures were made upon works already
existing in order to put them in a proper state
of defense. They were in a dilapidated con-
dition ; there had been little or no money ex-
pended by the General Government upon those
forts for many years, and a slight force could
raid upon them and take them.
It had been seen by the Government how
easy it was to obstruct the ports at the South
by the sinking of old hulls and in other-ways,
and the Navy Department requested, solicited
the authorities of Massachusetts to set at work
its engineers and its men capable of bringing
about that state of things to suggest good plans
for harbor defense. That was accomplished,
and those plans are now in the bands of Massa-
chusetts ready to be turned over to the Govern-
ment, and will be as available hereafter if the
necessity arises as would have been expendi-
tures made by this Government directly for that
purpose. Telegraphs were established between
the different forts in the harbors of Massachu-
setts, aud they were used by the Government
of the United States fro in the beginning of their
establishment until there was no further neces-
sity for the use of these wires.
By paying this 'claim the Government of
the United States will get nearly or quite the
whole amount of its expenditure back again in
the shape of superior guns and ammunition.
Everybody, can conceive the embarrassments
that a State is under in the possession of ord-
nance and ammunition at this time. It cannot
dispose of them to advantage so as fully to
reimburse itself for the expenditure ithas made.
I think this is a clear case of an absolute loan
by Massachusetts to the Government at a time
when the Government could not obtain funds
for itself.
Mr. SALTLSBURY. If this was a loan by
the State of Massachusetts to the General Gov-
ernment, the .question necessarily arises, who
were the high contracting parties? Who had
the power, the legal authority, to borrow money
of Massachusetts? Was there any act of Con-
gress authorizing the General Government to
ask for or accept a loSn from Massachusetts?
None whatever. You cannot treat this as a
loan, because there was no law for it. Who
receipted for it? Who received the loan?
Now, sir, my own State all along its coast has
been exposed  
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow
me. I will state that the Governor of Delaware
had his attention called to this subject by the
same circular which called the attention of the
Governor of Massachusetts to it. I suppose,
therefore, that the Governor or the Legisla-
ture of Delaware thought they had 110 great
interest to be protected, or that they were suf-
ficiently protected, for I believe they took no
action in regard to the matter; but the Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts^ after receiving the
same circular that was addressed to thc*Gov-
ernor of Delaware and of all the other States,
thought it was necessary to take some action
for the protection of the coast of the State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will say in }-eply to
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts that
this is the first time I ever heard that the atten-
tion of the Governor of my State was called to
this subject. I was in the State at the time,
and certainly if his attention was called to it
he never called the attention of the Legislature
of the State to it. We had interests to protect.
The breakwater near thg mouth of the Dela-
ware bay and the shipping there was exposed,
and. it would have .been very desirable indeed
to have had fortifications erected there. If wo
had thought that we could get reimbursed by
the General Government for"erecting fortifica-
tions there we certainly would have erected
them. It would, have given employment to
our people, and would have brought consider-
able money into the treasury; because, after
oil, when a bill is made out by a particular
State and presented to the Gene.raf Govern-
ment it is very apt to bo largecnough ; it is no
money-losing business, but rather a iponey-
making business. I apprehend there is hardly
a State in the Union but what would have ex-
pended, if it had had such an offer, considera-
ble money In erecting fortifications on its own
coast.
But it turns out now that a great deal of tie-
amount asked for by this resolution is for guns
and ammunition. If Massachusetts has ex-
pended money for guns and ammunition and now
wishes to get clear of them, let herptit them uj>
at public sale and let the Federal Government
buy them ; or let her representatives bring in
a bill authorizing the General Government to
purchase of the State of Massachusetts guns
and ammunition; but do not put it in the form
of reimbursing Massachusetts for money ex-
pended in coast defense, for these guns and am-
munition which are on hand now certainly do
not properly come under that head. It is not
money expended for coast defense. It is money
expended in buying just' as many guns and jnst
as much ammunition as the authorities of Mas-
sachusetts deemed proper or neeessary;' and
then if they had any surplus on hand why should
they be paid for by the General Government?
I do not object to this measure on account
of its coming from Massachusetts. I would
have made the same objection if it had come
from any other State. The point of nj.y objec-
tion is, that if you once set this precedent, and
we should ever bo in a war again, or threatened
with war, every State, of its own motion, will
buy guns aud ammunition, and erect and com-
plete fortifications, with the expectation that
the Federal Government will pay the amount
of the expenditure; and having set the pre-
cedent in this case, I ask you, sir, how could
you reasonably deny such an application ? It
is admitted here that there was no act of Con-
gress and no authority of law under which this
money was expended. It seems simply to have
been a notification from the Secretary of State?
that there was danger of invasion of the harbors
of the coast. The Secretary of State is not
the General Government. The Secretary of
State has no authority to draw money from tho
public Treasury, or to contract with a State or
an individual that money shall be so drawn, or
to pledge the faith of the Government that if
money is expended it shall be paid. As to this
particular case, if it stood alone, if it was not
for the precedent that will be set by it, ancl the
dangers you will incur of having large drafts
hereafter made upon your Treasury, I would
not say a word. With these remarks, having
no feeling whatever in the case, I submit the
question to the Senate and shall say no mote
about it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Secretary of State,
in his communication, represented the Presi-
dent of the United States, and his communica-
tion was made during the recess of Congress,
when it was impossible to get any legislation
of Congress on the subject.
The resolution was passed, and its title was
amended so as to read: "A joint resolution
providing for an examination of the accounts
of the State of Massachusetts for moneys ex-
pended during the war for coast defense."
RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
280.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. N-o. 280) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to retrocede the county of
Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to the
Slate of Virginia,'' and for other purposes.
The preamble recites that the Constitution
of the United States provides that Congress
"shall exercise exclusive legislation in all eases
whatsoever over such District (not exceeding
ten miles square) as may, by cession of-par-
ticular States, and tho acceptance of Congress,
become the seat of Government of the United
