1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Statesthat by an act of Congress approved
July 10, 17'JO, ten miles square of territory was
aeefpted from the States of Maryland and Vir-
ginia, as the permanent seat of Government,
constituting what was subsequently known as
the District of Columbia, that when so accepted
and defined, all jurisdiction over it was, by the
Constitution, forever vested in Congress, whose
duty it was then, and forever after, to preserve
it unviolated and free from all control whatso-
ever save that of Co*ugress; that experience
derived from the recent rebellion, has demon-
strated the wisdom of preserving such ten miles
square under the exclusive control of Congress,
both for military and civil purposes, and for
the defense of the capital; and that by an act
of Congress approved JulyO, 1846, thatportion
of the said ten miles square lying south of the
Potomac was ceded back to the State of Vir-
•ginia, in violation of the intent and meaning of
the Constitution of the United States, and to the
great peril of the capital as aforesaid. The bill,
therefore, proposes to forever repeal and de-
clare null and void the act of Congress approved
July 0, 1846, retroceding to the State of Vir-
ginia that portion of the districtten miles square,
as provided by the Constitution, known as the
District of Columbia, and the jurisdiction of
Congress, and the laws provided for the Dis-
trict of Columbia are put in force, the same as
if that act of retrocession had never been passed.
Private and personal property is not to be
affected by this act, so far as the rights of par-
ties are concerned ; but all public property of
which'the United States were possessed at the
time of the retrocession of this portion of the
District of Columbia to the State of Virginia
is, from and after the passage of this act, to be
vested in the United States Government, any
law, act, or conveyance to the contrary not-
withstanding, and the Government, through its
proper officials, is authorized to acquire, by
purchase or otherwise, any and all further
property, real or personal, in this portion of
the District of Columbia, as may be deemed
necessary for public use.
All suits and actions at law, civil or crimi-
nal, arc, from and after the passage of this act,
to be conducted and determined according to
the laws, rules, a,nd regulations enacted and
provided by Congress tor the District of Co-
lumbia, excepting causes wherein final judg-
ment, decree, or sentence shall have been pro-
nounced or passed; in such causes the final
satisfaction of such judgments or decrees is to
be in accordance with the laws in force in the
State of Virginia. But all causes wherein final
judgment or decree shall not have been passed
or pronounced are to be in future conducted
and determined as provided by this act.
All taxes and revenues assessable and col-
lectible on property, real or personal, in the
portion of the District of Columbia south of
the Potomac, are, from and after the passage
of this act, to be rated, collected, and applied
according to the existing or future laws of
Congress governing the District of Columbia.
All civil offices in the portion of the District
of Columbia south of the Potomac, in the city
of Alexandria, and what is known as the comity
of Alexandria, are declared vacant; and the
vacancies so created are to be filled by now
appointments or elections, to be made and held
under the laws, regulations, and qualifications
provided by Congress for elections and elect-
ors in the District of Columbia.
Mr. WADE. This is a bill of very consid-
erable importance, and I observe that the Sen-,
ate seem to be taking no note of it whatever,
and that but very few are present.
This District was once composed of ten miles
square. I suppose every Senator knows the
history of the District of Columbia; why it hap-
pened to be set off; why it was provided for
in the Constitution of the United Slates; and
all the particulars in reference to it. I do
not know of anything in our political history
up to the time of the recent war that crcated a
greater sensation among the people of theUni-
ted States than the question of where should
be the location of their capital, the ten miles
square provided for by the Constitution. A
number of places were designated; and Con-
gress was perhaps as much agitated upon that
question as upon any other that has ever arisen.
It was settled by a great compromise. We are
told by Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison that it
came very near creating a rupture and perhaps
a disunion of the States. Judging from the
controversy that then arose, the question was
considered by the statesmen of that. day as of
much greater interest than the importance of
the subject would seem, to have warranted.
The preceding Congress had sat in Philadel-
phia. About the time that the whisky insur-
rection arose in tlie State of Pennsylvania
Congress feared that they would be disturbed
there. Disturbances did arise that threatened,
perhaps, the Session of Congress at that place.
The Governor of Pennsylvania was applied
to; but his answer was not very satisfactory
to Congress. Thereupon, their attention being
called to the subject, the question became agi-
tated, until finally they fixed, under the Consti-
tution, upon this place, this ten miles square, as
the permanent seat of Government. The Con-
stitution provides, in the eighth section of the
first article, that Congress shall have power—
" To exercise exclusive legislation in all eases what-
soever over such district, (not exceeding ten miles
square.) as may, by cession of particular States and
the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the
Government, of the United States."
The General Assembly of Maryland, by an
act passed December 23, 1788, entitled "An act
to cede to Congress a district of ten miles in
this State for the seat of Government of the
United States," authorized and directed its
representatives on behalf of the State to cede
any district in the State, not to exceed ten
miles, which Congress might fix for a seat of
Government. The act of these delegates was
afterward affirmed by the General Assembly in
an act of ratification passed December 19,1791.
The General Assembly of the State of Virginia
in 1789 passed a like act for that portion of it
that was finally located in the State of Virginia.
All agreed in fixing this as the permanent
location of the seat of Government under the
constitutional provision authorizing that to be
done.
The question arises, when that power became
executed by the final and permanent location
of the seat of Government here, and the ten
miles square were ceded by those States and
accepted by Congress under the Constitution,
whether it was in the power of Congress after-
ward to retrocede any portion of it to Vii-ginia
or Maryland or any other State. I do not sup-
pose it was any more competent for Congress
to cede any portion of this ten miles square
that had been thus fixed upon under the Con-
stitution of the United States to the State of
Maryland or the State of Virginia, from which
it was taken, than it would be to cede it to
any other State of the United States. The ces-
sion was full, ample, plenary, and exhausted all
the power both of the States and of Congress
over the subject. Congress were invested with
all the legislative power over this District that
could be exercised by any Legislature. No
power over it was left in those States any more
than was left in the other States. The cession
was as complete as when one neighbor deeds
his farm in fee-simple to another, reserving no
right, title, or interest in it whatever. Therefore
these States had no more particular claim over
it for a retrocession than any other State. The
question arises, had Congress the right, had
they the power to divide this grant? If they
could do so nobody will deny that to-morrow
Congress may, if they see fit, cede the other
portion of it to Maryland. I believe tlie ablest
jurists in the United States have considered
that the act of Congress in 184G ceding this
territory back to Virginia was an unauthor-
ized, unconstitutional act. I have heard no
opinion of any lawyer or judge on the sub-
ject who believed the act was constitutional.
Of course, this original cession was the joint
act of the State of Maryland, the State of Vir-
ginia, and Congress, a.ll three cooperating and
concurring; and it was necessary that that
should be done in order to fix th,e seat of Gov-
ernment here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Tuesday, which is the bill (S. No. 405) mak-
ing appropriation for the reconstruction ant!
repair of the levees of the Mississippi river in
the States of Mississippi, Louisiana, and Ar-
kansas, and for the improvement of the river.
Mr.WADE. I move that that bill be laid
aside informally.
Mr. BROWN. Oh, no, not informally;
altogether.
Mr. WADE. I move that it be postponed
for the present, in order that we may proceed
with this bill in relation to the retrocession of
Alexandria.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I was saying that it required
the joint action of Maryland, Virginia, and of
Congress in order to fix this constitutional right
of having a seatof Government ten miles square,
according to the provisions and requisitions of
the Constitution. Now I ask any lawyer, could
any power or authority less than that which
cooperated and was necessary to concur in
making this location, dissever and convey it
away to another? On the general principles
of the common law, it could not have been
done except by the joint action of all that con-
curred in the settlement of it. I suppose,
therefore, that the act of retrocession was an
unconstitutional act; that it had no authority.
There is another reason why I suppose the
act was unconstitutional. That act of 1846
provided that this retrocession should depend
upon the vote of the county of Alexandria ;
that the people there should assemble and vote
upon the subject, and' if they concurred in it
then the retrocession should take effect. I do
not suppose that it is in the power of Congress
to cede away its legislative authority. I do
not suppose that it can transfer its legislative
power to any county or any other division or
part or portion of the country whatever. The
sovereign power conferred upon it by the Con-
stitution is, as it were, personal. It is not
transferable at the will of Congress or any
other power in this Government; nor can it
confer that right upon any county or any other
place. I believe that is a question that has
been often settled; so much so that it is hardly
necessary to turn 
Mr. COWAN. It is like delegating the veto
power.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, it would be delegating
a veto power. The people of the United Slates
who do not consent to your grant are not to be
ceded like the inhabitants of Poland to any other
jurisdiction. Whenever the jurisdiction over
them is fixed by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, it is not left to a majority of
that municipality to say whether tbey shall be
transferred to a foreign jurisdiction or not. That
is incompatible with the rights of an American
citizen. There arc many rights about which a
majority have no power to act and ought never
to act. If I own property in Alexandria and
hart my status, my domicile, fixed there under
the laws of Congress can I be transferred to a
strange, foreign jurisdiction against my will ?
Have a majority the right to transfer me over
there against my will because they happen to
be a majority? I do not believe that can be
' done.
I will say here in passing that I have looked
over the very meager debate that occurred on
this question in 18-40, at the time this retroces-
sion was made. The subject, created but very
little debate in Congress. Mr. Hunter, of Vir-
ginia, was the mover of it; he was the princi-
pal arguer of it. Mr. Webster was not present.
I understand from the history of the time that
he was opposed to it as an unauthorized and
unconstitutional act, but ho was not present to
argue or to vote upon it, although ho was a
member of the Senate at the time.
Mr. HARRIS. What were the provisions
of the act of retrocession of 1846?
Mr. WADE. I have stated its provisions.
