1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ing the price of such stamps and stamped envelopes
as provided by law. They shall be subject to all the
pains, penalties, fines, and forfeitures now provided
by law in cases of receivers and custodians of public
ftioney, and of postmasters and other persons to whom
the sale of stamps andstamped envelopes is intrusted.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have an
explanation of the amendment.
Mr. DIXON. The amendment proposed by
the committee does not very much change the
character of the bill; perhaps it does not change
its legal effect at all. The bill originally pro-
vided that the Postmaster General might, at his
discretion, sell on credit to such persons as he
might think proper postage stamps and stamped
envelopes. That was objected to as seeming
to allow a sale on credit in certain cases, which
was thought by the Senator from Nevada to be
objectionable. To obviate this difficulty in
a manner satisfactory to him, we propose to
change the bill to the form now proposed, au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to deposit with
certain persons postage stamps and stamped en-
velopes for sale. That is the change and the
only change which has been made in the bill
by this amendment. It was thought better upon
the whole to strike out the original bill and sub-
stitute a provision drawn in this form.
I will say, Mr. President, a very few wordsin re-
gard to the objeetof the billin addition to what I
had the honor of submitting to the Seuate a few
days ago. The present condition of the States
lately in rebellion is this : very few, or compara-
tively few, postmasters have been appointed, al-
though the number itself seems large. It is, in
comparison to the whole number, only about one
fourth. There were formerly in those States
eight thousand postmasters; there are now, T
think, in round numbers, about two thousand
appointed. The law provides that postmasters
shall reside, at the time of their appointment,
as it is understood, within the delivery of the
post office for which they are appointed. It is,
therefore, impossible to appoint some parties,
indicated by the Senator from Nevada, who are
now, perhaps, refugees from that country. Be-
sides, if they could be appointed, the compen-
sation would not pay them. The compensation
of the greater number of these post offices is
not such as to be profitable or even to support
the postmaster. Then there is another difficulty
in the way of the appointment of postmasters.
The law requires that the postmasters shall take
a retrospective test oath that they have never, in
any manner, taken any part in the late rebel-
lion.
For these reasons it is very difficult to find
persons who can be appointed postmasters in
large portions of that country, and as post-
masters are the only persons who can receive
poslage stamps without paying for tliem at the
time of their receipt, the people there are often
obliged to pay as much as twenty-five and fifty
cents postage on a single letter.
The business of the Post Office Department
is to sell stamps. The Postmaster General
supports his Department by the sale of stamps.
He (Cannot at present, in very large districts of
country, sell them at all, because parties can-
not be found to advance the money, and indeed
they have not the money to advance. Men can
be found, however, who can receive the stamps
and give bonds that they will pay for them, and
they can sell them for cash and then refund the
money to the Depaitment. The object of the
bill is to allow lhat to be done.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to ojipose
the passage of this bill, but I think we ought
to take advantage of this opportunity to give a
warning again to the proper officers of Govern-
ment that they must obey the laws of Congress.
The bill as it was originally introduced by
my friend from Connecticut was to enable the
Postmaster General to get around the test oath.
That was its object. It was so exposed by my
friend from Nevada, [Mr. Ntb.] I do not
know that it is much changed by the amend-
ment that is now under consideration.
Mr. OONNESS. It is not changed at all.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it is not
changed at all. Vli iy well. I was about to
say that I am notgomg to oppose it, but I wish
39th Coxn. 1st Sirs.—No. S8.
here again to give notice to the proper author-
ities that they must obey the laws of the land,
and I wish the Postmaster General of the Uni-
ted States to take notice. He is very much
misrepresented, or he has not always lent his
influence in favor of obedience to the laws of
the land. Here on ray table are letters, and I
received one this morning of an important char-
acter, showing that there are at least some things
in the Post Office Departmentleadingin the same
direction that we have had occasion to criticise
in the Treasury Department through the defec-
tion of the latter Department to the law of the
land. For instance, I have a letter here from
Charleston, South Carolina, where the writer
says:
"The post office is like everything else they do.
The most of the employes belonged in the rebel array.
No one else will get anything else to do here. The
President's proclamation, saying'Give the appoint-
ments to ail loyal southerners/ was a regular humbug.
If he had said 'Give it to all rebels,'then itwouJd have
b een more properly spoken, for the latter is invariably
the case."
As I said before, I received a letter this morn-
ing, which was also from Charleston, from which
I have just read. The letter was from a person
whose name, if I should mention it, would not
be unknown on this floor, and who has personal
relations with a very prominent member of the
Administration, in which he makes the same
complaint, and especially with regard to the
post office at Charleston, that Union people
have no chance j it is rebels only that can find
a place under these new auspices. Here, for
instance, is another letter which 1 have received,
signed very extensively by gentlemen from
G-eoi'gia, and also from Virginia, from which I
will read only a brief extract:
"The President, early in his administration, said
that no rebel should be appointed to office in the South;
and if loyal men could not be found in sufficient num-
bers, then he would import them."
u Import them," let me remind my friend
from Connecticut, take them to the place where
the office was to be filled and plant them there
—that was the language of the President, and
is so quoted by these gentlemen. They pro-
ceed :
"But this is all forgotten now, and Congress is de-
liberately asked by a Cabinet officer to repeal the test
oath that rebels mayget pay for positions which they
now fill contrary to law. This is a deliberate bribe
for treason and an insult to loyalty, and hence the
common assertion among Union men, lhat it pays to
be a rebel. This is doubtless the fact in Georgia a? in
Virginia. They get the offices m the revenue de-
partments, an well as in the post offices and the mail
contracts, as may be seen by a slight examination,
nearly all over the State. Not many weeks sineo,
two loyal men from this district''—
This is from Fredericksburg—
"were applifants for mail routes; one had been a
scout in the Union Army. Thcrouto for which this
last applied was siren to a rebel colonel, and the first
to a rebel soldier. The assertion that loyal and capa-
ble men to fill the revenue offices in Georgia cannot ;
bo obtnined and rebels hnve to be appointed instead,
is doubtless a gross misrepresentation in the rebel
interest, the same falsehood having been circulated
as regards this State"—
That is, Virginia.
"Such statements are an insult to the loyal men of
the South, and as such we repel them with indigna-
tion and scorn, come from whatever source they m ay."
Iiere is another letter from a person well
known, in reply to the very suggestion that
Union people cannot be found 'to^iili these
offices:
"And anion? this pile of ruined rubbish wo onoein
owlrUe meet with a Union volunteer. There i1- no
mistaking the plant when puie. I lound some of the
purest in the Sou.th 1 have ever met. No class of
Americans have suffered so much and none bave had
so little encouragement. To be a southerner by but!)
and a Union man i« to incur the undying hatred of all
good disloyalists.
"Before closm^my letter I will call your attention
to Mr. Secretary McCulloch's report on the employ-
ment of men who cannot take the oaih. I differ from
Mr. McCulloch in this matter of appointments in the
States lately in rebellion. X do 1101 believe there is
any necessity for employing one man who cannortake
the oath. I can fill all the offices under the Govern-
ment at the South by able and talented southern
Union soldiers. There are ton in this city, and not one
of them can get employment from the Government.
There is not a Union soldier employed in any civil
office under the Government in this eitv, while it is
I notorious that many in this eltyt<ind State are em-
ployed who cannot take the oath."
Now, sir, I do not know lhat the Postmaster §
General lias erred as openly, as defiantly,. as,
wrongly as the Secretary of the Treasury has
erred, but according to the testimony of these
letters he has failed to exert any decisive influ-
ence for loyal men, and I think, now. that ire
are about to pass this bill, he ought to take no-
tice that by the law of the land loyal men only
are to receive appointments from the Govern-
ment, and that to the extent of his influence
loyal men should be encouraged in the post
ofEces of the country. I do not know that he
has niade appointments in defiance of law 5 but
it will not be denied that there are post offices
which are nests of disloyalty.
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will he happy to hear that he is mis-
taken with regard to the practice of the Post-
master General on this subject. The Postmaster
General informed me, in the presence of the
honorable Senator from Nevada, that he had
never, knowingly, appointed any man to the
.office of postmaster who could n8t take the test
oath, and was not a loyal man.
Now, with regard to another intimation of
the Senator, he states that men should, or might,
in certain cases be imported to fill these offices.
Mr. SUMNEK. President Johnson says
that.
Mr. DIXON. Very well; President John-
son took that ground. Now, I wish the Senator
to look for a single moment at the provision of
the law in regard to postmasters. The law pro-
vides that the postmaster shall be a resident of
the delivery district. It is possible there might
be some refugee found who might be considered
a resident of some of these districts, but how
many districts must there be in which no such
men can be found. Yon perhaps could find
many men in the city of Washington who could
be imported into these districts, but it must bo
a district in which the person formerly resided,
or he does not come within the law.
But again, what is the office worth? Fifty, sev-
enty-five, or a hundred dollars; a large majority
of them, almost all, lefs than $100. Can you
send a man down there to fill that office for that
salary? Of course you cannot. It is therefore
utterly impossible to appointpostmasters unless
you can find some man within the delivery dis-
trict who can take the test oath. In point of
fact, it is considered somewhat difficult to get
men to take the offices at all, not only in that
portion, but in many other portions ofthe coun-
try, where the pay is small. You must find
some retailer at a cross-roads to take it, or it
will not be taken at all. The jjay is nothing.
The office is a mere convenience to the neigh-
borhood.
It is my opinion that the Postmaster General
has honestly obeyed the lawupon this subjeet.
We have his statement with regard to it. If
he has not, what is tlie object of this bill? If
lie is appointing disloyal postmasters, they can-
not receive the stamps without paying for them.
It is because he will not do that that he desires
the privilege of depositing stamps with parties
who cannot be appointed to the office. We
never have taken the ground, nobody has g-one
so far, the Senator from Massachusetts does
not go so far, as to say that the Government
should not sell a postage stamp to a man who
cannot take the test oath. Nobody claims that.
I think, therefore, that the Senator, as well as
the Senator from Nevada, will withdraw his
objection to this bill, if he lias any.
' Mr. WILSON. Mr. Prebident, in Hit; form
in «hiuli this bill now stands I shall vote for it
very cheerfully. I think it is intended for a
good purpose by the Postmaster General, who,
I believe, desires to comply with the existing
laws. I believe it is his intention to comply
with the law in the future. I think that if we
pass this bill it will do us no harm and may be
of advantage to that section of the country.
While T go as far as lie who goes farthest iu de-
manding all the necessary guarantees for the.
security of the rights of all men. and for the
repose ofthe country in the future, I intend to
give every vote thai [ am called upon to give
here that will develop and improve the condi-
tion of that portion of our common country.
That tbe.v will retm- pvwv net of ouxs \viiii
