1866.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17*
39th Gong. ... 1st Sbss.
New York Contested Election—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
Wednesday, April 4, 1868.
The same subject being again under consideration,
the time of Mr. Makshall was extended by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL continued:
Mr. Speaker: The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] in Ma ar-
gument yesterday, and I believe also_ in his
report, says that there is fraud proven in mak-
ing the registry in the fifteenth district of the
eighteenth ward; and I ask the attention of
the House to what T shall say bn this point.
As the gentleman alleges, there was fraud in
making up that register. I ask him who per-
petrated that fraud, and where is the evidence
of it?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman-put several
interrogatories yesterday, and I told him that
I would endeavor to answer him when I came
to close the debate, a right accorded to me un-
der the rules. I do not propose at the present
time to respond to these interrogatories. They
ore part of the case: and I hope to be able to
satisfy the House, if I have not already done so.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the honorable gentle-
man declines to answer I must endeavor to get
along without the information. As a matter
of course the gentleman must elect for himself
as to whether he will answer or not. I will
have no opportunity to reply to him hereafter,
and it certainly would be more fair for him to
let me know now what evidence he relies upon
to make out this charge. But he declines to
do so, and I must submit. I have examined
the evidence, and can see no shadow of proof
to show fraud in the making of this register.
Who committed it? Three of the four mem-
bers of the board were Republican, partisans of
the contestant. The three inspectors and the
clerk make up the four members of the board,
three being Republicans, partisans of Mr.
Dodge, the contestant, and the fourth was an
appointee of Tammany Hall, which organiza-
tion was running Mr. Barr in opposition also
to Mr. Brooks. Mr. Brooks did not have a
single friend on that board. How could a
board constituted of his political enemies be
supposed to perpetrate a fraud in his behalf?
Can this House come to such a conclusion
unless we have some positive evidence? I do
not think such a thing was ever before heard
of. Such a conspiracy by a man's opponents to
perpetrate a fraud to secure his election may be
possible, but it is so highly improbable that
without overwhelming and con elusive testimony
no man can credit it for a moment.
The honorable gentleman on yesterday, in
answer to an interrogatory which 1 propounded
to him in regard to a question of law, drew a
very ingenious distinction. He admitted that
the law was, that the acts of an officer de facto
were binding upon all parties just as much as
if lie was an officer de jure; but, said he. this
applies only to a ease where the officer was
duly qualified—having personally no legal dis-
qualifications—to hold the office, but there was
some defect or omission in the appointment,.
But that where the person was disqualified for
holding the office, as in this case not a resi-
dent of the election district, lie could not be an
officer either de facto or dejvre, and that his
acts as such, though regularly appointed, would
be absolutely void. This is in substance the
position taken.
I deny that that is law, and I ask the gentle-
man to produce any authority or decision sus-
taining such aposition. Will lie tell this House
that if a foreigner in that district, who had not
been naturalized for the length of time required
by law to make him an elector, had been hon-
estly (and by mistake) appointed by the proper
authorities, had entered upon the discharge of
the duties, had made out the registry in regu-
lar form according to law, and sworn to and
certified it, that he would not be recognized as
an officer de facto, and that his acts would be
utterly null and void, and that as the result of
this innocent mistake, made by parties acting
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—'No. 12.
in good faith, the whole district would be dis-
franchised ? I repeat, this is not the law, and I
believe that no authority can be fonnd for any
such position.
The Constitution requires that a member of
this House shall be twenty-five years of age,
^.nd shall be a citizen of the United States.
Now, suppose a man is elected to this House
#ithout this qualification, is sworn in, takes
his seat, and upon some important measure
gives the casting vote by which it becomes a
law. Will the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mf. Dawes] tell this House that sueh person
is not a member de facto, and that his act is
not binding upon the public just as fully as the
act of any other member of this House?
In the State of Illinois, by a constitutional
provision, a man to be qualified for the posi-
tion of judge of one of our courts must be at
least thirty years of age. Suppose a man who
is but twenty-nine is elected to that office, is
commissioned, enters upon the duties of the
office, tries causes and renders decisions upon
them ; will the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts tell this House that such judgments
are not just as binding upon the parties as if
he were of the age prescribed ? He is an offi-
cer de facto, and, according to all decisions and
all authorities on the subject, his acts are just
as binding upon the parties and upon the pub-
lic as if he were fully qualified to hold the
office. There is, I think, no authority and no
reason for the distinction which the honorable
gentleman makes. These officers, not partisans
of Mr. Brooks, were appointed in good faith ;
they entered upon the discharge of the duties
of the office, and the parties and the public are
just as much bound by their acts as if they
were residents, all of them, of the election
district. This, Mr. Speaker, seems so clear to
me, and I think will be so clear to every mem-
ber of the House, that I will not dwell further
upon it.
Well, what other evidence is there in this
case ? Take away this attack upon the regis-
try and the whole case falls as against the fif-
teenth district. It all depends upon that. There
is no plausible pretext for excluding thepoll if
that fails. It'is true the chairman of the com-
mittee in his report and in his speech refers to
some other matters to which 1 will call the at-
tention of the House for a moment.
When the evidence was nearly closed it ap-
pears that the contestantintroduced an affidavit,
not a deposition taken according to the forms
of law, but an affidavit taken before a notary
public, and brought it before the judge who was
taking evidence and asked that it might be re-
ceived, no notice having been given oftheinten-
tion of the party to take this evidence. It is
stated in the report that the deposition of this
man was taken in the presence of the sitting
member and liis attorney. But no deposition
was taken, and I ask the chairman of the com-
mittee, in his concluding remaiks, to tell the
House where he finds any evidence that such a
deposition was taken or that the evidence was
taken in any way in the presence of the sitting
member and his counsel. Such was not the
fact.
' There is some complaint made, apparently,
in the report that the sitting member did not
allow that to be received as evidence. This
affidavit has appended to it a list of some two
hundred names of voters that Dean professed to
hatfe made search for. This information was
based on the unsworn statements of others, and
was at best but mere hearsay. It wasnot legal
evidence, and would have been rejected in any
court of justice. And besides, the time had
nearly expired, and this was evidently a trap to
throw Mr. Brooks oft' his guard and put him on
a wild hunt for two or three hundred men, when
his time was already nearly exhausted, and the
contestant was refusing him further time for
examining witnesses. Mr. Brooks would have
done gross injustice to himself, to his constit-
uents, and to the cause of justice if he had not
objected to the admission of this illegal ex
parte statement.
Now, I ask gentlemen who have this report
to turn to page 6 thereof, and I will request
the Olerk to read what I have marked. 1
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The contestant,-for "the purpose of tracing each
voter who cast bis vote at this precinct, and finding
his residence, if he had any, as designated upon'the
registry and poll-list, employed a responsible person,
by the name of Bean, canvasser for the city Direct-
ory, to visit eafih place designated as the residence
of the voter. The deposition of this Dean was pre-
sented to the committee by the contestant, and ob-
jected to by the sitting member; the ground of the
objection was, that when the deposition was taken,
amon&the others constituting the proofs of contest-
ant, tli* ten days' notice required by law for the tak-
ing of this deposition had not been given. And it
appears that in giving the notice the name of this
witness was by clerical mistake left out of the list
served upon the sitting member, and the mistake was
not discovered until the day the depositions were
taken, when it was too late to renew the notice. It
also appears that the deposition of said Dean, offered
in evidence, was,taken in presence of the sitting
member and his counsel, and the deponent was
tendered to them for cross-examination, but' they
declined to cross-examine him for the reasons already
stated. The committee were of the opinion that the
sitting member was entitled, if he insisted upon it,
to the ten days' notice, and that therefore the depo-
sition could not be received.
"The contestant then sought to prove the same
thing by another witness who had obtained his knowl-
edge of the facts from Dean himself. This was ob-
jected to by thesittingmemberashearsaytestimony,
and the objection was sustained by the committee.
"The committee therefore were without the ben-
efit of the results of the investigations so made by
Dean, however satisfactory they might be in testing
the accuracy of the registry and poll-lit;, and ulti-
mately the honesty of the vote. Thesittuis member,
however, in an effort to sustain this resistor and
identify the voters named upon it, introduced the
deposition ofoneBrennan. (page 309J long ,1. resident
of the district, an official in the Catholic church near
this votingplace, and believed to have special knowl-
edge of the residents. His testimony corroborates
the other testimonyas to the fraudulent character
and inaccuracy ofthis register.''
Mr. MARSHALL. This testimony, it will be
observed, of Dean and Phelps, wasnot brought
forward in conformity to any rule ot' evidence.
Dean was not examined before the proper tri-
bunal, 110 notice had been given, and the chair-
man of the committee tells us that that evi
deuce was ruled out and would not be consid-
ered by the committee.
Now, it seems to me to be a very strange fact
that this evidence which was excluded, which
was not before the committee, which has no
more business here than if it had never existed,
should be brought before the House in this
manner, and dwelt upon with such gravity.
Complaint is made of Mr. Brooks, the sitting
member, that he objected to it, for 1 can con-
strue the language of the report in no other
way than as an intimation that by taking ad-
vantage of a mere technical objection, no way
affecting the merits, he had excluded impor-
tant evidence, which, if admitted, would have
made out a strong case against him.
Mr. Phelps was also introduced, who pro-
posed to swear what Dean had told him, and
the chairman tells us that that also was de-
cided not to be proper evidence and was there-
fore excluded. We are therefore deprived of
what might otherwise be very valuable testi-
mony to lead us to a proper conclusion in this
case.
How do we know whether this evidence is
valuable or not? It can only be known _ by
looking into the evidence. 'Who ever before
, heard of a witness being excluded and not
! permitted to swear in court, and then the
i| judse retiring and asking him what be would
I have sworn if he had been a competent wit-
l ness. and then basing his decision on (hat ex
parte statement? It seems to me, from the
reading ot the report, that the chairman ot the
committee has permitted this affidavit, which,
is not evidence, having no business before the
House and not properly referred to here, to
have undue weight on his mind in coming to
his conclusions in this case. How do we know
that Dean was a responsible witness? Who
tells us so ? How do we find it out unless we
take his testimony, and that is admitted not to
