1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Now, sir, with reference to the economy of
the section as embraced in this hill, and also
in connection with the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, let me say that if
the gentleman proposes to have these lists
printed and posted up in the post offices he will
find that the expense of that will be greater
than to pay one or two cents for advertising
each letter in a newspaper. There will be no
advantage so far as economy is concerned.
Again, sir, if the long lists of advertised let-
ters in the city post offices are to be prepared
and posted up in manuscript it will cost almost
as much as the one or two ccnts per letter that
would be paid for advertising them; and a
manuscript list would be so cumbrous that
scarcely any person would ever examine it.
I think that the best method to be pursued
is the one now adopted, that the paper having
the largest circulation, no matter what its char-
acter may be, shall publish these lists at a rea-
sonable rale. People ought t® have this infor-
mation in reference to letters not called for;
and in the case of every person calling for let-
ters, the postmaster should bo required to ex-
amine the packages of letters nnadvertised, as
well as advertised. . In this way most of the
advertised letters will be taken out.
Now, sir, let me make one further remark:
the whole tendency on the part of the Post
Office Department for the last three or four
years has been to withdraw itself from the peo-
ple, and the amendments of the postal laws
have all tended to withdraw from the people,
particularly of the newer sections of the coun-
try, the benefits of the post office system. So,
in the amendment which was incorporated into
the law concerning the compensation of post-
masters, ample provision was made for all those
in the older sections of the country, but as
to those in the newer portions of the country,
where the business, though not large, is con-
stantly increasing, the compensation is in many
cases totally inadequate. Yet, for the sake of
economy, regardless of the value of the service
rendered, and regardless of the convenience of
thepeople, the Post Office Department lias been
clinging like a leech almost to the letter of the
law; and it is very nearly impossible to secure
any revision of the rates of compensation pro-
vided by the Department.
Now, sir, 1 think that wo had better lot the
present law with regard to advertised letters
stand as it is; while we should provide for ad-
ditional compensation to postmasters in the
newer sections of the country; and wo should
adopt a requirement that when a person in-
quires for letters, the postmaster shall exam-
ine all letters, whether advertised or not.
Mr. ALLliY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Iowa lias declared that the Post Office
Department has been administered, not for the
benefit of the people, but against the interests
of the people. For one, I do not believe that
declaiation t.o bo correct.
Mr. "WILSON, of Towa. The gentleman
states my position rather too broadly. I say
that the tendency of these amendments to the
postal laws has been in that direction.
Mr. ALLEY. No, sir ; the tendency of the
postal laws has been in the opposite direction.
1 think, sir, that no Government on the face of
the earth lias ever done so much for its people
in the way of postal_ facilities as this Govern-
ment has, from the time o'f its organization in
17S9 down to the present moment.
The gentleman makes complaint with regard
to the compensation of postmasters. Sir, the
newer portion of the country, as ho calls it,
was-provided for most fully. The Postal Com-
mittee and the two Houses of Congress con-
sidered that matter to the fullest extent, and
intended to provide for all such cases as the
gentleman has referred to. I think that the
postal compensation bill sufficiently covers that
whole ground.
But the Postmaster General with regard to
those cases has adopted a rule which in some
cases is a hardship, and I confess somewhat
stringent. I for one should not object to see
him a little more liberal in his construction of
the law in reference to some of the post offices
in the new settlements. But when it is con-
sidered what an immense labor is involved in
the revision of this matter concerning the com-
pensation to be allowed post offices, and when
it is -known that next July a new revision of
them under the law will be required, you can
hardly blame the Postmaster General for not
having yielded to the demands which have been
made upon him from all quarters. So much
in regard to the action of the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
In regard to the compensation law itself, it
covers the whole ground and was so intended.
The matter was considered in committee, and
was considered in the House, and went through
by an almost unanimous vote after a full and
general discussion of all the points which were
involved. So far as its general provisions are
concerned it has worked admirably and eco-
nomically. It has saved a great deal of labor
as well as a great, deal of expense. The post
office system is much less complicated than it
was before, although I agree it has worked a
hardship in some particular instances to which
my friend has alluded. Yet I must say, while
it may have worked a little hardship in one or
two instances, it is one of the best reforms in
the Post Oflicc Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have looked over this bill, and perhaps it
would be well chough to pass two or three sec-
tions ; all the Balance might be left unpassed
with advantage to the Government. Iam tired,
sir, of the constant change of the post office
laws. Every Congress we have something new
brought in. One session we make a new law
and the next session wc change it, so that it is
almost impossible for anybody to tell really
what the postal laws of the United States are.
Mr. ALLliY. My friend will allow me to
make a suggestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Hear me
a moment and you will agree with me that we
had better leave this matter alone so far as a
change is provided for by the second section.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, you were the author of
the law brought in here requiring a return of
these dead letters. I do not think it has yet
proved to be a failure, and I am of opinion we
had better let that remain as it is.
The fourth section, providing that the Post-
master General shall be authorized to cause
the mails to be transported by sailing vessels
between any port of the United States and any
foreign port or ports, allowing and paying there-
for any sum not exceeding the sea postage on
the mails so transported, has been stricken out
on the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, because it was contained in an appro-
priation bill already passed.
I think the fifth section ought to be stricken
out, so as to let the law remain as it has been
since the foundation of the Government in re-
gard to the advertisement of letters. I think
every one is satisfied with that.
The sixth section provides that the balance
of the appropriation of $100,000, under the
thirteenth section of the act approved May 17,
18G4, which may remain unexpended at the
close of the current fiscal year, may bo used as
far as necessary to supply deficiencies in the
proceeds of the money-order system during the
fiscal year commencing July 1, 18GG. I think
that should be left where it is. I dislike this
thing of changing appropriations made by Con-
gress in this way. I believe when we make
specific appropriations for specific objects that
they should be carried out.-
I will state my objections to this bill, and I
hope the gentleman from Massachusetts will
agree to have it recommitted to his committee,
so that it may report back the two or three
sections which are just and proper. I think
the seventh- section is a good section, as well
as the eighth, and that they ought to be adopted
into the law. The ninth section also contains
a good provision. So does the tenth. The
eleventh section I shall be compelled to oppose.
It places the whole appropriations of the Post
Office Department in the hands of the Presi-
dent.
I am opposed to one portion of the twelfth
section. It provides that—
Newspapers, circulars, pamphlets, and all kinds of
printed matter deposited in any post office ior local
delivery, shall besubjectto thelollowin  rates of post-
age, to be prepaid in all-cases by stamps, namely, the *
droppostage on newspapers,circulars, and pamphlets,
shall be uniform atonecenteach : J'rovidcd. however,
That drop newspapers, in packages to one address,
shall be subject to postage at the rate of one cent ior
each four ounces or fraction thereof: Ami provided
aho, That drop printed matter not enumerated in
this -section shall be subject to a postage ot one cent
for each picce, except books, which sball be subject to
postage at the rate of four cents for eaoh ci-^lt i ounces
or fraction thereof.
I suggest that would operate in many in-
stances as a great hardship in towns whore
newspapers arc dropped by the publishers and
postmasters have them put into a box to be
delivered. That is one consideration why a
man should take a box, and the Government
gets the benefit of it. It is a matter of conven-
nience, and I do not think the expense of one
cent additional should be charged.
The thirteenth section provides:
That so much of the fifteenth section of the aet
entitled "An net to amend the laws relating to the
Post Office Department,'' approved March o, 1863, as
authorizes postmasters to eontiact with the publish-
ers of newspapers, periodicals, and circulars, for de-
livery by carriers within their postal distnets of any
publication not coming through the mails, at rates
and upon terms to be agreed upon with such pub-
lishers, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. KASSON. I rise to a point of order.
We should go on with this bill section by sec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The whole bill is before
the House.
Mr. ROLLINS. I suggest that we have five
minutes1 debate on amendments, taking up the
bill section by section.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. TVashbcrne] -states that he has looked
over this bill and that there are two or three sec-
tions perhaps that might be properly adopted,
and as for the rest he is entirely opposed to
them. I will say for the benefit of the House,
I think it had better dispense with the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads and
refer the whole matter to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I hope that
suggestion will be carried out. I "will make a
good bill—a great deal better than this.
Mr. ALLEY. My friend feels fully compe-
tent- to -discharge the functions of every com-
mittee in the House, and I suppose the "House
will concur with him in that- opinion. But, sir,
we had no idea when this committee was ap-
pointed that he would give his attention and
look over any bill so thoroughly as he says he
has this. If we had, we certainly could have
dispensed with the appointment of such a com-
mittee, andfor one I should have been relieved
of a vast amount of-labor; for this committee
has met twice a week for several weeks, has
considered all the questions presented to it
very carefully, has conferred with the Depart-
ment and considered its recommendations fully,
and has reported this hill unanimously.
There is only one section that, we were in
doubt about, and that is tho one on which
there was a great deal of division in the House,
so far as we could learn. It is the first scction,
which I have proposed, in accordance with the
wish of the Department, to strike out. As it
is merely a proposition to reduce the postage,
we did not think, in the present condition of
the Treasury, thai it was worth while to grant
it at this time.
Now, I propose, notwithstanding the state-
ment of tho gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] that he hg,s looked over this bill
and does not think there are more than two or
three sections that should be adopted, to have
it considered section by section, and I will
endeavor to explain them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
