2618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
isters plenipotentiary, ministers resident, commis-
sioners, charges d'affaires, and secretaries of lega-
tion, appointed to the countries hereinafter named
in schcdnlo A, shall be entitled to compensation for
their services, respectively, at the rates per annum
hereinafter specified; that is to say, embassadors and
envoys extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary,
the full amounts specified therefor in said schedule
A: ministers resident and commissioners, seventy-
five per cent.; charges d'affaires, fifty per cent., and
secretaries of legation, fifteen per cent, of the said
amounts respectively."
Now, the proposition which I liave moved
proceeds, in harmony with this, simply to de-
clare that where the President shall undertake
to appoint an envoy extraordinary or minister
plenipotentiary to any court where we are now
represented by a minister resident there shall
be only the salary of a minister resident. Pro-
ceeding with the theory of this act and a cer-
tain theory of the Constitution, the President
has the power already to appoint to all these
courts an envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary if in his discretion he shall see
fit, but there is no salary appropriated by law.
Ifthe amendment now offered should be adopted
it would be in his discretion, at any of the courts
where he shall see fit, to change our represent-
ative from a minister resident to an envoy ex-
traordinary, but without apy increase of sal-
ary ; and the simple question remains whether
it is not fit to give this discretion to the Presi-
dent. He is not called upon to exercise it.
There are places where he may think it better
to continue the minister resident.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He can do it now.
Mr. SUMNER. But there is no salary;
the salary would not apply. The object of my
amendment is to supply the salary in such
cases. That is all. I have heard it observed
that though tlie President may now, under the
Constitution, appoint to any place an envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary, he
is, to a certain extent, restrained in the exer-
cise of that power by the want of an appropri-
ation to support an envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary at such a court. This
proposition meets that difficulty precisely. It
empowers him, if he sees fit at any court, to
raise the minister resident there to the rank
of envoy extraordinary, to transfer the salary
which he now has as minister resident to the
other office. Legislation is required to enable
him to do that.
I come again, then, to the simple question of
expediency in the case. That is to be deter-
mined. I take it, by the testimony we receive
from Europe. I should certainly be disposed
to respect very much the testimony of the gen-
tleman whom the Senator from Iowa quotes
if it were given fairly on the facts. That is
the reason why I said I should like to see his
letter. I should reject it very much; but then
I am free to hay that I speak on this matter
somewhat from my own individual observa-
tion for many years, almost for my whole life;
and I have no hesitation in giving the opinion
that the diplomatic interests of our country in
Europe, at the courts where we are now repre-
sented by ministers resident, would be pro-
moted by this change; and that was the opin-
ion of the committee with which I have the
honor to.be associated, after the most careful
consideration of it. not only this year, but
during some years past.
Mr, WADE. Perhaps I ought to say a word
on this subject, as I first moved it in committee.
J. did so upon information which I had received
from some of our ministers abroad, gentlemen
with whom I was formerly acquainted, who in
letters to me mentioned that they were labor-
ing under this disadvantage—not a disadvan-
tage to themselves, but a disadvantage to the j
coaihry. I suppose the object of sending a I
minister abroau at all is that he may have a '
position which will enable him to exercise as I
much influence as the Government that sends !
him can properly clothe him with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
the name of the Senators correspondent.
.Mr. WADE. The one to whom I refer par-
ticularly is Mr. Harvey, representing this coun-
try at the court of Portugal. Perhaps 1 ought
not to Btrate anything about this, but all he said
on the subject is of a public character, and it is
not derogatory to any gentleman to communi-
cate it to the public. Mr. Harvey disclaims
all desire for an increase of salary.
In this country we do not stand much upon
the different grades or positions which diplo-
matic agents possess; they are altogether arti-
ficial ; I think as little of them., perhaps, as any-
body else; but-in Europe it is different; they
judge of nlen's importance frequently accord-
ing to their name or grade or standing. Long
custom there has made distinctions between
the various grades of these officers._ In the
public law, the different order and dignity of
the various grades of diplomatic agents is per-
fectly well understood and always has been.
If a nation sees fit to be represented there by
a minister of an inferior grade, it labors under
an apparent disadvantage; he is not consid-
ered by his associates as being on an equal
footing with those of them that are of the first
rank. A minister of the first rank may, for
instance, go into the presence of the emperor,
or king, or highest officer of the State and com-
municate with him directly, where, by the eti-
quette of the nation, a minister of an inferior
grade would not be permitted to do so, but
would have to communicate with some subor-
dinate officer.
Now, when we are entitled to consider our-
selves among the first nations of the earth in
point of population, of influence, of respecta-
bility, and in every point of view, I think it is
a modesty that works to our disadvantage for
us to refuse to send agents abroad with titles
which will, in the estimation of those to whom
we send them, place us upon a position as high
as other nations. I am informed that by this
course we detract from our influence abroad,
and I should expect that would be the case,
because foreign nations are not apt to rate a
people much higher than they see fit to rate
themselves. This amendment will cost us noth-
ing. It is simply conferring a rank which is
considered important abroad, although it is not
deemed important among us, because we do
not stand so much on this kind of etiquette as
they do in Europe. As they do regard it of
consequence, and as it is just as easy for us to
give the highest title as the lowest, why should
we not do it? It will give us an advantage
abroad, and put us on a footing with other
countries represented by the highest grades of
diplomats. If we do not rate ourselves equal
to them, we shall not be rated so.by the cus-
toms of those nations. That is all there is
about it. I do not think it needs an elaborate
argument. I think it is a very cheap way of
obtaining the influence we ought to have if we
send diplomatic agents abroad at all.
Here let me say that if I could have my own
way about it I never would have a resident
minister abroad. I would abolish the whole
of them. I do not think they are of any kind
of importance to us. I do not think they do
any good in our relations with Europe. There
may be barbarous nations with which we have
communication where a resident minister all
the time may be of some service ; but with
those nations of Europe with whom we are in
constant communication, having treaties well
understood with each other, there is no more
need for and no more importance to be at-
tached to a resident minister than there is to
have such agents sent by these States to each
other. Now, if a difficulty springs up between
this country and a Europeau nation, we hardly
ever settle that controversy by means of our
minister there; we generally send a special
agent to do that special business, and that is
the way we ought to do the whole of it and rid
ourselves of the entire incumbrance of this
whole matter. But if we will have ministers
abroad, let u^ have them of the first elass; let
us rate ourselves as we really are, on a stand-
ing and dignity with any nation of the earth.
Let us do it unless we will abolish them, and
if you will go that way with mo I should like it
much the best. That is all I have to say about
it. It is a cheap way of rating ourselves as we
ought to be rated and that to our advantage.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the yeas and nays
are to be called I feel bound to state, very
briefly, the position I occupy in regard to this
matter. I am perfectly willing, in order to
meet the argument of my colleague and of the
Senator from Massachusetts, to give the rank
provided for, but I do not wish to do it in such
a way that it will inevitably draw with it an
increase of pay. The objection to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts is this: the law now confers upon an
envoy extraordinary the salary of $10,000 a
year; it is so fixed by law, and at the next ses-
sion we shall undoubtedly have an application
from every person appointed under this pro-
viso for the legal salary, and we cannot refuse
to grant it to him. The legal salary affixed to
this title of envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary is by the law, first, $17,500 to
a certain class named, then to another class
$12,000, and to another class $10,000, and
this compensation being fixed by law the per-
sons appointed under this proviso will un-
doubtedly apply for the salary. I have sub-
mitted to the Senator from Massachusetts &n
additional section that will accomplish his
object and the object of my colleague without
involving this danger, and if that amendment
is satisfactory to him—he now has it before
him—I am perfectly willing to vote for it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. This would
practically carry out the idea the committee
had.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that it be read, and
I do not think any one will object to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read. I do not
think it quite so precise and pertinent to the
case as the proposition of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. It avoids the objection
which I have suggested.
The Secretary read the amendment suggested
by Mr. Shermax, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That the salary of envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to coun-
tries not specially named in schedule A, of the act
approved August 18,1856, entitled "An act to regu-
late the diplomatic and consular systems of the Uni-
ted States," and to be hereafter appointed, shall be
$7,500.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language of the
schedule already read by the Senator from
Massachusetts, is, that the salary of envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary to
"Great Britain and France" shall be "each
$17,500;" to "Russia,Spain, Austria, Prussia,
Brazil, Mexico, and China, each $12,000; all
other countries,seach $10,000."
We have no envoy extraordinary to any other
country than those named specifically.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Your amendment will
reduce them to $7,500.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, it only affects the
third class and no other. It says "in coun-
tries not specifically named in schedule A" the
salary of a minister plenipotentiary shall be
$7,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now the salary of
those not named is $10,000. By this you
reduce it to 37,500.
Mr. SUMNER. There are none now ap-
pointed under the third clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are none under
the third clause of this schedule. There are
ministers plenipotentiary at $17,500, and some
at $12,000, but none at $10,000. None have
been appointed under that third clause; so
that the effect is to provide that the compen-
sation of an envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary and of a minister resident to
all the countries not specifically named in this
schedule shall be $7,500. That gives them
the incidental advantages of getting in to see
the king a little sooner than otherwise.
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing to
accept that substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts can withdraw his amend-
ment by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays
having been ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust this amendment will
