1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
Mr. RAYMOND. I move to amend section
five by striking out the last line.
This section provides for the repeal of section
seven of the la# of 1863. Several statements
have been made concerning the law of 1863,
but none of them, I believe, have been quite
accurate. By that section the Postmaster Gen-
eral has now the discretion of deciding, first,
how_ long letters must lie before they are ad-
vertised, and then whether lie can advertise
them by posting them in writing or by inser-
tion in a daily or weekly newspaper having the
largest circulation. But he is restricted from
paying more than one cent per letter. That of
course prevents him from publishing in papers
having large circulation in any considerable
town. This section proposes to strike that out
for the purpose of enabling him to secure the
object sought by the original law, namely, the
advertising of letters in the newspapers of
largest circulation. That is the character of
the section to be stricken out by section five.
1 shall oppose the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and go
for the section as it stands in the bill.
Mr. FINCK. , My colleague, the chairman
of the committee, I think, has inadvertently
fallen into a mistake in regard to the unanimity
which prevailed in the committee in relation to
its action. I was from the beginning opposed
to the fifth section. I do not believe there is
any necessity for legislation in relation to this
particular question. The law as it now exists
is, in my judgment, the best that we can have
in relation to the publication of letters. It
ought, in fairness, to be always in the paper
having the largest circulation. I am therefore
opposed to the section as it stands, and also to
the proposition to amend it by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I trust
the motion to strike it out will prevail.
Mr. RAYMOND. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question being taken on the motion of Mr.
Stevens to strike out of section five the words,
"in any post office, in newspapers having the
largest circulation within the post office deliv-
ery, be, and the same," it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the entire section.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move to strike out the
last ten words of the section. This would kill
it: and I think this section ought to bo killed
in some way. and for this reason: the attempt
to advertise letters in any other way than is
now prescribed would certainly cost the Gov-
ernment more than it costs now, or the attempt
to advertise suitably would fail. Any job printer
who should be required to furnish printed lists
of letters suitable for posting would charge
more for his work than it costs to advertise
them in the newspapers. Any one familiar
with the printing business knows this, or will
readily see it by means of a little calculation.
Now, if it is necessary to give public notice
of letters remaining in the post office uncalled
for, it should bo done in a way best calculated
to bring the notice to the attention of those
concerned. The present method is better than
any that has been suggested. In one respect
the present system might be improved; the
present regulation might be so changed as to
require letters to remain longer in the past
office before advertising them than is now
required.
1 oppose this section for another reason,
■which may lie also against some other sections
of the bill. These continual changes in the
post office laws are very injurious. I hear some
of the best men connected with the manage-
ment of the post offices complain of this. They
say, '' Before we can get accustomed to the law
in one foim, or as soon as we get our machinery
fairly at work, in proper adaptation to the law,
some new change is made in the law, and we
have to devise new appliances and a new adap-
tation of the machinery/' Now, let us allow
the law, in some of its provisions at least, to
stand long enough for the people to become
familiar with it.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. My colleague, as well as the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] seem to suppose
that this advertising is to be done in some otjier
mode, or in the most expensive manner. I do
not understand that to be the proposition at
all. This simply provides that it shall be left
in the hands of the Postmaster General, to be
done in the manner that shall be "most eco-
nomical and shall best serve the interest of the
people and the Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What other mode
can he resort to ?
Mr. ALLEY. He expects, I presume, to
advertise these letters. If you take it for
granted that the Postmaster General is to ad-
minister the Department for partisan purposes
merely, and not for the good of the country,
then you are justified, I think, in taking the
position which you do with regard to this pro-
vision. But if you cxpect the Department to
be administered for the benefit of the people,
then I say you ought to give him such discre-
tion as is here proposed.
Now, with regard to the remark respecting
frequent changes, I concur in all that lias been
saict in that particular. I know that a great
many changes have been made, and some that
are unnecessary. The committee have investi-
gated these matters fully. They have refused
to concur in a great many recommendations.
Nothing has been recommended or askccl for
that has not been fully examined. And not-
withstanding my predisposition to oppose any-
thing like changes in the post office laws not
absolutely necessary, yet everything here pro-
posed meets the approval of my judgment.
And I do hope that, the House will retain this
section of the bill. It will bo promotive only
of good, save considerable money, and do no
possible harm, in my judgment.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
my friend from Massachusetts whether this bill
was not drawn in the Post Office Department,
and sent to him from that Department?
Mr. ALLEY. Most of the provisions of the
bill were recommended by the Department;
and the Department recommended some other
provisions, which did not receive the approval
of the committee.
The SPEAKER. Debatels exhausted upon
the amendment.
Mr.BALD WIN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 demand
the previous question oil the section.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The motion of Mr. Wariibton'e, of Illinois,
to strike out the fifth section was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved_ to
reconsider the vote by which the fifth section
was stricken out; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
I he latter motion was agreed to.
The sixth section was reacl. It provides that
the balance of the appropriation of $100,000,
under the thirteenth section of the act approved
May 17, 1864, which may remain unexpended
at the close of the current fiscal year, may be
used as far as necessary to supply deficiencies
in the proceeds oftlie money-order system during
the fiscal year commencing July 1, I860.
Mr. IvASSON. I desire to ask my friend
from Massachusetts whether he will not con-
sent that this section be stricken out, and let
the matter come up for the consideration of
the Senate in connection with the regular Post
Office appropriation bill. I think the gentle-
man himself must concede that such a provis-
ion is out of place comingfroni the Post Office
Committee. It is in fact an appropriation of
5100,000, or some considerable portion of that
sum, for the support of the Post Office Depart-
ment. This House has already passed the reg-
ular Post Office appropriation bill. If the gen-
tleman desires that this item shall be included
in a deficiency bill, he can doubtless procure
the consent of the Committee on Appropria-
tions for its insertion; or if thematter requires
earlier action, the gentleman can doubtless in-
duce the Senate to insert the item in the reg-
ular Post Office appropriation bill. I submit to
the gentleman that this sectionshoald not be
embraced in a bill like this, which has nothing
to do with appropriations of money. -
Mr. ALLEY. I will not object to the sec-
tion being stricken out.
Mr. KASSON. I move, then, to strike out
this section.
The motion was agreed to.
The seventh section was read. It provides
that the third section of the act entitled "An
act to establish a postal money-order system,"
approved May 17, 1864, be amended so as to
authorize the issuing of a money order for any
sum not to exceed fifty dollars, and that the
charge or fee for an order for a less sum than,
thirty dollars shall be ten cents; for an order
for more than thirty and not exceeding forty
dollars, twenty-five cents; and for an order
exceeding forty dollars a fee of thirty cents
shall be charged.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, I move to
amend by striking out before the word "dol-
lars," in line six, the word "fifty," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words "one hundred;"
and by adding at the end of the section these
words:
And for an order exceeding fifty dollars, fifty cents
shall be chargcd.
Mr. Speaker, if thijjmoney-order system is
to be of any practical Benefit to the people of
the country, especially the store-keepers and
the small dealers, there is no good reason why
fifty dollars should be fixed as the maximum
amount of the orders. By authorizing orders
of a larger amount, the revenue of the Depart-
ment will certainly bo increased, and the pub-
lic will bo accommodated. If we wish to suit
the convenience of the small traders through-
out the northern, the eastern, and the western
States, there is no reason why §100 should not
be the maximum rather than fifty dollars. It
is a great advantage to the people to be able
to purchase money orders, instead of being
obliged to buy drafts or send their money by
express. The Government guaranties the pay-
ment of these orders; and in case of their loss
duplicates are issued. To extend the benefits
of this system, I have offered my amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. I was really in hopes this
section would pass without any motion to
amend, as the gentleman from Illinois said
when it was read that it was all right, and that
he was content to have it go through.
As to the gentleman's motion to amend by
inserting "one hundred" instead of "fifty,"
I will remark, when the bill was first intro-
duced and considered there seemed to' be
serious objections to making it as high as fifty
dollars. The object of the money-order sys-
tem is to enable persons of small means to
make remittances of small amounts. It was
not designed or intended as a, medium of ex-
change for brokers and persons of large means.
It seemed to the committee, and I believe the
House will come to the same conclusion, that
fifty dollars should be the maximum amount
we should adopt for the money-order system.
I hope, therafore, the amendment will not
prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to strike out all
after the word "dollars" in the seventh line,
and to insert in lien thereof:
One half of one per cent, for all sums for 'more
than thirty dollars and not exceeding fifty dollars.
As it is now a man may call for two thirty dol-
lar orders and only pay twenty cents. Scarcely
one will call for an order beyond that, for as
it. now reads they are required to pay twenty-
five cents for an order for more than thirty
dollars and not exceeding forty dollars.
Mr. MeRUER. I move to strike out after
the word "order," in the sixth line, the fol-
lowing:
For a less sum than thirty dollars shall be ton
cents; for an order for more than thirty and not
exceeding forty dollars, twenty-five cents; and for
au order exceeding forty dollars a fee of thirty cents
shall be charged.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
Shall bo one half of one per cent,: Provided, No
order shall be sold for less than ten cents.
