1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3579
gress to make the retrocession. I am still of
that opinion. I believe that the act of retroces-
sion was outside of the competence and power
of Congress, and is void; but whether it is or
not, to my mind is a judicial question. I am
not now disposed to vote and will not vote for
the repeal of that law. If the act had any
validity, and one of its effects was to retrausfer
to the State of Virginia the people of that por-
tion of the District of Columbia, and if I was a
citizen of Alexandria, I would want the retro-
cession to remain perpetual. In God's name I
should never want to come under the govern-
ment of Congress. I would certainly much
prefer to be under the government of the State
of Virginia if I were a citizen of Alexandria.
If I were a citizen of Georgetown, and the re-
trocession had been of the portion of the State
of Maryland that was originally ceded by that
State to the General Government, I should de-
sire that that retrocession should be valid and
perpetual. As a citizen of Virginia or a citizen
of Maryland I never would want to bo under
the government of the Congress of the United
States. That portion of the District that we
have not ceded back, that is, the portion which
was ceded by Maryland for the purposes of the
General Government, it seems to me gives to
Congress quite enough trouble. Legislation
upon the subject of the people of this District,
as it has been mutilated, as I think, by an un-
constitutional act, engrosses a largo portion of
the time of Congress. It is a source of much
difficulty and vexation in Congress to legislate
properly for it and a very considerable expense
to the United States Treasury. It seems to me
that if Alexandria was brought back to the Dis-
trict by a repeal of the retrocession law it would
only increase proportionately the labors of Con-
gress in legislating for twice as many people in
the District of Columbia as they have now to
legislate for; and it would have the further
effect, which to my mind is much more objec-
tionable, of bringing a large additional popu-
lation to submit to a slate of things where they
would have no right of self-government.
About the same time Texas was annexed to
the United States by joint resolution. We
all know that a treaty had been first formed
between Texas and the United States under
Mr. Tyler's administration ; a treaty, Ibelieve,
negotiated by Mr. Calhoun for the cession of
Texas as foreign territory to the United States.
That treaty was opposed at the time by the
Democratic part3', and most vehemently and
ably and persistently by Senator Benton ; and
the treaty was rejected. After the treaty was
rejected the joint resolution of Ccfegress was
introduced for the purpose of admitting Texas
as a State into the Union. I then happened to
be a member of Congress and I voted against
the annexation of Texas in that way, because
I then believed and I still believe that foreign
territory cannot be annexed to the United
States by a joint resolution of Congress. Con-
gress has no powers but legislative powers,
and the scope of its powers does include val-
idly, as I conceive, the act of admitting foreign
territory, even in the form of a State, into the
Unio/ias one of the States of the United States.
I thought it was an illegitimate mode of acquir-
ing the annexation of foreign territory to the
United States. I am still of that opinion. I
believe that the joint resolution was against
the Constitution and was void and ineffectual.
But that now has become a judicial question ;
and if there was a proposition offered in Con-
gress to repeal the joint resolution annexing
Texas I would notvote for the passage of such
a resolution repealing that joint resolution ;
why? The act has been done by the forms of
authority. Whether the act be constitutional
and valid or not is now a judicial question. It
has passed, as I think, properly from the legis-
lative department to the courts. I think that
the question still could bo made of the' validity
of the annexation of Texas to the United States
by joint resolution in the courts of the country.
So in relation to the retrocession of Alexan-
dria to Virginia. I may be mistaken, but in
my own mind I have no doubt that the ques-
tion of the validity of that retrocession might
be made judicially in the courts of the country,
and I think it ought to go there.
I will not pretend to say whether the act of
retrocession is valid or not; I cannot say so;
but I believe that it is invalid. That is the
conclusion of my own judgment. It was so at
the time the act of retrocession passed, and my
opinion has not since undergone any change.
I still believe that it was an invalid, unconsti-
tutional act, and beyond the competency of
Congress. Whether it be invalid and uncon-
stitutional or not, in my opinion could be tested
at any time in the simplest form in our courts
of justice, and I think that the question ought
to go there.
But, sir, if the act of retrocession was valid,
it gave to the State of Virginia rights in that
territory rctroceded. Whether it could be
ceded back again by the State of Virginia under
the original provision of the Constitution for
getting ton miles square for the seat of the
General Government, is another question. It
might be done; probably it could be done.
But upon the proposition thatif the act of re-
trocession was valid it invests Virginia with the
title as a part of the Commonwealth of Virginia
to the country so retroceded, I have no doubt. If
that be the effect of it, then the act cannotnow
be repealed so as to divest Virginia of her right
to Alexandria and to the portion of the country
outside the city of Alexandria that was in-
cluded in the act of retrocession.
I will put another case. I believed, and I still
believe, that the State of West Virginia was
organized unconstitutionally, without proper
and valid authority, and that legally and con-
stitutionally West Virginia is not now a State
of the Union. But whether this be so or not,
I hold to be a judicial question, no longer to
be submitted to the legislative department of
the Government, but to the courts ; and if at
this session or any future session when I might
happen to be a member of Congress, an effort
was made to repeal the laws and the action of
the two Houses of Congress in relation to the
erection of West Virginia into a State of the
Union, T would vote against any such legisla-
tion, and I would do it upon the same princi-
ple that I now stand opposed to the repeal of
law retroeeding Alexandria to Virginia, be-
cause 1 think the action of Congress upon both
subjects has placed the question in the form
of a judicial question and beyond the legiti-
mate pale of the legislative action of the Gov-
ernment. My vote will be to leave the question
in the present case, and in relation to West
Virginia, if it ever should come up, to the courts,
to be decided by the courts upon the constitu-
tionality and the validity of the action of Con-
gress in the two cases.
Certainly, sir, if I was a citizen of Alexan-
dria I should never want to be made subject,
as a part of the ten miles square, to be brought
under the jurisdiction of Congress. If I resided
there, I should regard it as one of the greatest
individual misfortunes to me and to the partic-
ular community in which I lived for this rean-
nexation to take place. I have had from obser-
vation a good deal of experience as to the
legislation of Congress for this District. I have
observed it for eight years in the other House
and for now five years in the Senate; and cer-
tainly during that whole period, without any
exception as to times or parties, among the
worst governments I have ever known has been
tlie government by Congress of the District of
Columbia. If I were a citizen of Alexandria,
I would say " The Lord deliver me from con-
gressional governmentand I have no doubt
many of the citizens there will say so.
I do not think it is proper, or just, or within
the proper exercise of the powers of Congress,
to repeal the bill that retroceded Alexandria
to Virginia, and, without consulting the Com-
monwealth of Virginia, as it at present exists,
and the people of Alexandria, to attempt to
bring those people into the District of Colum-
bia. For these reasons I shall vote against
the measure.
Mr. 8AULSBURY. I hope the honorable
Senator from Ohio who has charge of this
bill will let it go over until to-morrow. My
attention had not been called to it until on
coming to the Capitol this morning, on the
avenue, some gentlemen from Virginia spoke
to me about it. I did not know it would come
up to-day. I should like to examine the rec-
ord with reference to the retrocession of this
portion of the District of Columbia to the State
of Virginia, and the votes given on that question.
I only ask for one day's delay. There are very
grave questions of law arising in the case, and
before we dispose of it finally 
Mr. WADE. If the Senator desires a post-
ponement I shall not object. I know the ques-
tion is one of very great importance, and I do
not know how far the attention of Senators has
been called to it. I called up the bill at this
particular time more to attract the attention
of Senators to it than for any other purpose, so
that they might be prepared to consider it. I
move now that it be postponed until to-morrow,
and I give notice that I will call it up at a very
early period when gentlemen have prepared
themselves upon it, and shall press it to a vote.
Mr. COWAN. I would suggest that I think
this question should be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions that
if they are of opinion that there is any doubt
in regard to the nullity of the act of Congress
making this cession, they report a bill author-
izing the Attorney General to test that ques-
tion in the courts, because it seems to me it
must go there at last in order to determine the
validity of that act. If that was a valid act,
and within the scope of our power and juris-
diction, I do not see very well how wo are to
get rid of it by a simple repeal on our part. If
it was not valid, and if it had no force to trans-
fer the jurisdiction of that portion of the Dis-
trict to the State of Virginia, then the Supreme
Court is the proper tribunal to determine it, and
a case might bo made by the Attorney General
for the purpose of testing that question. It
seems to me that that would be the proper dis-
position of it on the part of Congress.
I am not prepared to say that I do not agree
with the honorable Senator from Ohio in think-
ing that the delegation of legislative power to the
people of the District by that act was void, and
no matter what their action might have been
upon it, it gave no force to that act as a statute.
At the same time, however, there is a question
behind that, whether we had not the absolute
power to legislate without delegating it at all.
These are proper questions for the judiciary
after the legislative power has exhausted itself
upon them. I think that would be the better
disposition of it., and if the bill is called up
again I shall move to make that disposition
of it.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I rather hope
that the suggestion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania may be adopted. 1 concurred fully
with the other members of the Committee on
the District of Columbia in regard to the inex-
pediency of the act of Congress retroeeding ilie
county of Alexandria to the State of Virginia..
I thought that the condition of the District, and
especially of that portion of it, for the last three
or four Years indicated very plainly the rash-
ness of that proceeding and its impropriety,
and that by all means if it be competent for us
to acquire it again it should be done. I sup-
pose that there would be nothing to-day to pre-
vent Virginia, on some pretext or other, from
erecting fortifications commanding this city and
planting her cannon there, which would enable
her in an issue- like that through which we
have passed, to destroy the capital of the na-
tion before force could be rallied for its rescue.
But still, while I concurred entirely with the
committee'in the propriety of again acquiring
jurisdiction of the county of Alexandria, I
thought there was a very grave question in-
volved. and I believe that it was wholly and
exclusively a^egal question, a constitutional
question. If the act, of retrocession in 1816
was a valid and constitutional act, then it occurs
to me that the matter is entirely beyond our
competency and our jurisdiction. In February,
