1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
stand the Senator from Illinois to object to the
motion being entertained?
Mr. TJtUAIBULL. Yes, sir, I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky will proceed with his re-
marks.
Air. DAVIS. I am very sorry that the ob-
duracy of my friend from Illinois will not per-
mit me to cxercise my usual courtesy toward
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin and the
honorable Senator from Maryland. It would
afford me great, pleasure to do so.
The honorable Senator from Illinois stated
yesterday—but ho was brought to that position
very late in the debate—that the object of this
bill was essential to perform the office of a de-
claratory law ; that this bill was merely intended
to declare some principles of the Constitution.
I propose to test the sincerity of the honorable
Senator by offering an amendment which I send
to the Chair and ask to have read, and upon it
I have some remarks to make. I offer it as a
substitute for the whole bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after-the enacting clause of
the bill and" insert the following:
The citizens of each State shall be entitled to allthe
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States.
And be it further enacted, That any person or persons
who shall subject or cause to be subjected a citizen of
any of the United States to the deprivation of any
privilege or immunity in any other State to which
such citizen is entitled under the Constitution and
laws of the United States, such person or persons
shall bo liable to be sued for damages by the party
injured, and shall also be deemed to be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be
punished byline not exceeding Si, (X)0,_or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the discre-
tion of the juiy.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I hold that
there is no legitimate power to pass any law
connected with the subject of this bill, except
what is contained in the clausc of the Consti-
tution which declares that "the citizens o£each
State shall be entitled to all privileges and im-
munities of citizens in the sevetal Stales." If
there is any broader or other power vested in
Congress to pass the measure under consider-
ation, or any cognate measure, 1 would thank
the able and learned Senator from Illinois to
point it out to the Senate. Holding that, then,
to be the sole and exclusive power that is vested
in Congress over the subject-matter of this bill,
I will proceed to make some remarks upon the
amendment and upon the bill.
What does the amendment propose to do?
It recites almost literally, certainly substan-
tially, the clause of the Constitution declaring
that the citizens of each State shall be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of citizens in
the several Stales. An act of Congress that is
not declaratory in its character, but is intended
to execute and give eifect to that clause of
the Constitution, is every law and contains
every provision in relation to the subject that
can be properly comprehended in a law of
Congress. 1 then by my amendment propose
to embody this provision of the Constitution in
the law, and to declare that the rights secured
by this pro\Liou of the Constitution shall be
made good to each citizen of the United States
by legislative enactment, and by au enactment
having the sanction of the- same penalty winch
the honorable Senator from Illinois has pro-
posed to attach to his bill.
Mr. President, since last evening I have been
looking into the bill that is now under considera-
tion, and the more 1 si udy it and the better I un-
derstand it. according to my feeble reason, the
more offensive it is to me. and in my opinion
the move vulnerable it is to objections growing
out of the Constitution, and to objection on the
ground of injustice and impolicy generally.
Before I proceed further, the nature of the
subject-mattcr of my amendment requires me
to make a general remark in relation loathe
theory and principle of our Government. The
General Government is only invested with power
over such matters as concern the relations be-
tween the United States and foreign countries,
among the States themselves, and between the
United States and the Indian tribes. All other
matters of Government, as a general rule and a
general principle, are reserved to the States re-
spectively or the people, and die Genera! Gov-
ernment, by any of its departments, has no '
jurisdiction over those other subjects. One of
the articles of amendment to the Constitution
adopted soon after the organization of the Gov-
ernment explicitly states this principle in ex-
press language; but the Supreme Court have
said, and in my judgment most truly, that that
article reserving to the States the powers not
delegated need not have been introduced: that
the Constitution, from its very nature and its
principles, would have meant the same without
that article that it does with it: but to prevent
any doubt upon the point, and to place it be-
yond all controversy, the Constitution expressly
says that "'the powers notdelegated to the Uni-
ted States by the Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to the States, are reserved to the Slates
respectively, or to the people." If there ever
was a principle of government that was in con-
flict with a proposed bill, this principle is in
conflict with the bill under consideration. The
ingenuity of man could not fiame a bill that
would be more generally and more flagitiously
in conflict with the two clauses of the Consti-
tution which I have just read. Every power of
legislation and of government that is not dele-
gated by the Constitution to the General Gov-
ernment is reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people. In other words, the General
Government, and consequently the Congress oi
the United States, has no jurisdiction over any
subjects except those that are delegated by the
Constitution to the General Government. The
honorable Senator from Illinois, I presume, will
not controvert this principle; but I can hardly
say that, for 1 do not know now what ho would
not controvert. lie seems to be one of the pro-
gressives. This is a moving age. and the tend-
ency to encroach upon the Constitution, the
tendency to despotism and consolidation, is
moving on, and the bill now under considera-
tion. and its Siamese twin that, we passed last
week, give about as much impetus in that direc-
tion as any two measures that have ever been
before Congress. .
Now, Air. President, what is the power that
is vested in Congress on the subject of this bill?
"The citizens of cach State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens m the several
States."
If the Senate would act legitimately upon
this subject, its action must be confined to such
matters as concern the citizens of different
Slates. It has nopower whatever to act in rela-
tion to the matters of this bill so far as those
matters concern the citizens of a single Slate.
Let me illustrate this, if I can. by the subject
that is the main subject of tins bill, the free
nearo. There are, let me say for argument's
sake, two hundred thousand free negroes in the
State of Kentucky that were born there, that
have never been residents of any other State.
The honorable Senator proposes to make these
two hundred thousand negroes and every fiee
negro in America, whether he has ever been out
of the State in which he was born and in which
he resides, or not, the subject of this bill. It
is not competent tor the Senate to pa^s a bill
embracin<r such classes of our population. The
clause of the Constitution which I have read
does not refer to people in their condition. It
refers to the citizens of each State being entitled
to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States. When does thb principle oi* the
Constitution apply? L nder what state ol tacts
does it arise? To what state of facts eon it be
made applicable? Only when a citizen of one
State goes into another State, cither to change
his residence to that other State, or to acquire
property there, or to exercise some ether right
or privilege which a citizen of that other State
is entitled to in that State.
I do not know that I make myself understood
by the honorable chairman. 1 will endeavor,
though, to do so. He proposes now to apply
his bill to every citizen of the United States,
without regard to color, where that citizen is j!
domiciled in the State in which he was born, ||
and when he has no purpose to leave and is not
in the act of leaving that State to go into an-
other; and that is intended to be the great form
in which this bill is to have all of its applica-
tion. Now, I say that the bill constitutionally
can have no such application.
I agree that if the negro is a citizen he is to
be treated exactly as a white citizen except so
far as, if to any c-xtent, there be exceptions to
his prejudice and in favor of the white citizen
by tbe express language of the Constitution. I
made the issue with the honorable Senator the
other day, which I still maintain, that a negro
is not a citizen ; but if the proposition be true
that a negro is a citizen, I concede that he is
entitled to every right, every privilege, and
every immunity to which a white citizen is en-
titled under the Constitution. My position is,
that if a white man was claiming the benefit of
this provision of the Constitution, and he was
a resident of the State of Alaine or of the State
of Kentucky, remaining there, not going into
another State for the purpose of changing his
residence or to claim any immunity or privi-
lege of a citizen in another State, under the
Constitution, we could not embrace him by any
act which we could pass in virtue of this pro-
vision of the Constitution. Certainly, by a legal
mind as astute and as learned as that of my
friend from Alaine [Air. AIortull] that propo-
sition cannot be doubted. Now, sir, I throw
myself back upon the original, primary, gen-
eral principle of the division of the powers of the
Government which I stated at the commence-
ment of my remarks this morning, namely, that
in relation to the citizens of a State and to all
questions and matters that arise within a State
and that do not relate to acts, privileges, and
immunities that lie between two States, but that
are entirely local to a particular State, juris-
diction was expressly reserved by the States to
themselves and withheld from and denied to
the General Government. I suppose that no
sound lawyer, whose mind is free from preju-
dice and has not been infected by the fanat-
icism and the wild dreams of liberty and of
philanthropy that have sprung up in this day
and generation, would doubt that principle.
What, then, doesthis bill propose to do? It
proposes to go into Kentucky, and to regulate
the free negro of that State who was born there,
rtho has lived there always, whose business and
interests are entirely local to that State. V\ here
is the clausc in the Constitution that authorizes
Congress to interpose by its legislative powers,
and to seize from the State of Kentucky her
exclusive right to control the negro population
( that I have thus described, and ail their trans-
actions and all their interests—to draw :!;i ■- local
i subject, reserved by the States to themselves
; in the Constitution, to the legislative powers of
| Congress?
j Sir, the authorities which were the other day
TCad ami relied upon by the honorable Senator
from Illinois overthrow his premises; they con-
travene his principles and all the conclusions
which he draws from them. They expressly and
explicitly sustain the view which 1 am now tak-
ing of the subject. Let me turn to those au-
thorities and read a few passages from them.
First, let me read from the case of Campbell vs.
Morris, in '■'> Harris & AIcHcnry's Heports.
In thai case Air. Justice Chase said :
" 13\ the second section of the fourth article of the
Con-t'tr.tmn ef tlic L'nted States thecitizersof each
tu.ile shall he en titled to ai! iheui h ilexes andiimriu-
nitn s of 'oti/ons of the several States.
I "'Prmle^e' and 1 immunity' >ue synonymous, or
neerlvso. Piivilece Unities apeeeluo-j^ auta^e,
i.-vouitlnci, immunity; immunity is:i' :i< -■ ; cm n-
tom. wh Itese.
"The peculiar advantages end exempt we contem-
plated aiidei this p.of oftheC' n^titiOU'!"! may he as-
certained, if not with preci-uon and ac .inuy, yet
sali-iaetortly.
"Xsy taking a retrospective view of onr situation
antecedent to the formation of the fn (denei ai Gov-
ernment. or the Confedeiation. in v,■ S i> ihe ?am 
clause is inserted one of the great object;*
n.ie! occur io e\ ei> poison, v. nieli was the enabling
the ' ii iyei: - of the several State*- to n<ctnirc and hold
real property in any of the f--s and deemed neces-
sary, a^eac-h Statowa~a covered cm, independentfctate,
and the States had conlcdei ated oi.iy for the purposes
of general defense and security, and to promote tno
general welfare.
