3580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
1846. the Legislature of Virginia passed a Saw
providing for the reception within the jurisdic-
tion of that S*ate of the county of Alexandria,
provided Congress should pass an act retro-
ceding it to Virginia, and by an act approved
July i>, 1840, the same year, that county was
retroceded by Congress, which, in the language
of the net itself, forever relinquished the terri-
tory and the jurisdiction over it to the State of
Virginia. If that was a constitutional act, what
can Congress do now? There is a compact
between Congress and the State of Virginia;
there are vested rights; there is an executed
contract; and it seems to me the territory is
beyond our reach. If, on the other hand, as I
believe myself, the act was unconstitutional, it
may be, possibly, that we"have a right to repeal
the acttjf retrocession; but it strikes me that
we ought to be very certain that the act of
retrocession was unconstitutional, and very
certain that we have the power to repeal it;
because, if we make a mistake in this matter,
very disastrous consequences may ensue in re-
gard to the rights of property, in regard to
peace between Congress and the State of .Vir-
gi nia, and in regard to very many other material
interests.
It seems to me, then, that the Senate should
be perfectly clear before it passes any bill of
this kind that the act of retrocession in 1840
was without authority of law, was unconstitu-
tional in point of feet. Therefore, sir, while
wishing that we could have this territory back
within our jurisdiction, believing that it is ma-
terial in many respects, nevertheless, desiring
that the matter may be examined by the com-
mittee of the Senate who have such questions
more properly within their consideration, the
Judiciary Committee, so that we may have a
thorough investigation of what it seems to me
is the only material question in the premises, I
hope the Senator from Ohio will accept the
-uggestioii of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and allow this bill to go to the Judiciary Coni-
nmi.ee, with instructions or otherwise, as he
may i-ee proper.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from West Virginia to move the commit-
ment of thip bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another motion already before the Senate,
which i-i that the further-consideration of the
bill be postponed until to-morrow. That is
the motion now pending.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, only one word in
reply to the honorable Senator from West Vir-
ginia and the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania. [ am not able to ste the necessity
of committing the bill to the Judiciary Com-
mittee for the purpose of getting (heir opinion,
or for the purpose, rather, of making some pro-
vision to make up a case to be submitted to
the Supreme Court. That case will present
itself in some shape, even if we pass this bill
in its present form, or if wc do not pass it.
The question, as has been very truly said, is a
judicial one as to the ri«ht of jurisdiction over
that territory, and it will at some time pre-
sent, itself and be taken to the courts and there
properly decided, whatever we may do here;
and I am not able to see how we can expedite
the decision of that question by any legislation
of our own, or the necessity of our attempting
to do aO.
My own opinion is. I confess, well made up
on the question. I have always regarded the
retrocession of the counly of Alexandria to Vir-
ginia as having been entirely unconstitutional
and without legal warrant. The District of
Columbia was ceded to the United States
by \irginia and Maryland in trust and for a
specific purpose, and that purpose was that it
should be the seat of Government of the United
States, and the people in their Constitution
declared that Congress should forever have
exclusive jurisdiction over it, not for the gen-
eral purposes of buying and selling land, such
as it possesses in regard to the Territories, but
for tin; purpose of maintaining and keeping in
the District the seat of Government, definini;
the limits of the District, and declaring in terms
as plainly as waspossible the uses and purposes
for which the District was to be devoted. If
Congress is competent to retroeedc to Virginia
one half of the JDistrict thus set apart as the
seat of Government, it is equally competent to
retrocede to Maryland the remaining half, to-
gether with all the buildings and other public
property erected liere by the United States for
public purposes as the seat of Government.
Certainly, I think no court will ever hold or
can hold that under the Constitution of the
United States as it now stands and has stood
since its adoption, it is competent for Con-
gress to divest themselves of the title to the
District within which the seat of Government
was to be fixed and where it has beeu fixed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. May I ask the honora-
ble Senator from Michigan whether, in his judg-
ment, it is competent tor Congress to remove
the seat of Government from this District tov
any other place, and, if so, what then might*
become of this ten miles square? Could Con-
gress do anything with it, or would it revert
to the States of Maryland and Virginia?
Mr. HOWARD. When the proper time
shall arise for an opinion from me on the sub-
ject of the competency of Congress to remove
tlio seat of Government, I think I shall prob-
ably have formed an opinion ; but I do not see
how the inquiry of the honorable Senator from
Delaware in any way affects the question of
the assumption of jurisdiction over the bounty
of Alexandria. I am not able to see it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the honorable
Senator will see the relevancy of my question
if he will consider for a moment that if Con-
gress has the power to remove the seat of Gov-
ernment from this District, Congress has the
power to part with the jurisdiction over this
District or it has not. The question I wished
to propound to the honorable Senator was, in
case Congress should remove the seat of Gov-
ernment from this District, would it not be
competent then for Congress to cede the Dis-
trict to Maryland and Virgina if it saw proper,
or must it forever retain these ten miles square
subject to the jurisdiction of Congress?
Mr. HOWARD. I regard those questions
at the present time as immaterial and not. in-
volved in the issue presented by the bill. One
thing, however, is quite certain, that the peo-
ple of the United States, in granting this power
of exclusive legislation to Congress over the
District, intended to provide for them and their
posterity a district wherein was to be the seat
of Government of the United States; and I
think that when Congress assumes to retrocede
the District, either to Virginia or to Maryland,
it undertakes to exercise a power which is in
violation of the intention of the American
people in making the grant, as well as of the
terms of the grant themselves. Of course, if
the Senator from Ohio desires this bill to go
over until to-morrow, I shall make no objection.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Scnatorfrom
Michigan is of opinion that the statute making
the retrocession was void.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, I think it was._ _
Mr. COWAN, If that be a correct opinion,
then this legislation is wholly superfluous, and,
indeed, has no meaning whatever, because if
that statute was void it was as nothing; it was
the same precisely as though nothing had been
done: and to repeal it is the same precisely as
to repeal that which never had any existence.
If that statute was a nullity, the proper mode
by which to determine that question is by a quo
warranto issued to the officers who exercise
power and authority under it by virtue of the
retrocession. That would bring the question
up. If, on the other hand, it was not a nul-
lity, if it was a good, valid, and binding stat-
ute, for the purpose of transferring the county
of Alexandria to the jurisdiction of the State
of Virginia, then this act of Congress would be
a nullity in attempting to repeal it without the
consent of the State of Virginia.
I, for iuy part, believe that the whole of this
territory as well as the various parts of it arc
withiu the control of Congress and of the Legis-
latures of Virginia and Maryland. I have no
doubt of that, and that if we should ch lose to
transfer the seat of this Government tD some
other place, the people of this District would
not be left without a government, nor would
they be within the jurisdiction of the United
States; they would be provided for by trans-
ferring them to the States to which they ori-
ginally belonged. I have very little difficulty
on that point. But I think it would be proper
for the Judiciary Committee to inquire, and, if
necessary, report a resolution instructing the
Attorney General to make a case to determine
this question. If the people of the county of
Alexandria are governed by the State of Vir-
ginia against their rights, they should be re-
lieved from that power, and they should be put
under that authority to which they justly and
properly belong, but that is to be done through
the medium of the judiciary, not through our
agency.
Mr. WADE. I am perfectly aware that this
like every other law is subject to the opinion
and action of the courts when it shall be brought
before them. I have no doubt, and I presume
there is no lawyer in the Senate who has any
doubt, that the act of retrocession was an
unconstitutional act, and therefore void; but
those acts that lawyers and judges believe to be
Void are exceedingly embarrassing to the peo-
ple, for their rights will be, for the time being,
displaced by laws that are really unconstitu-
tional, and men arc frequently subjected to
great hardship and great wrong by laws that
are really unwarranted and unconstitutional
and will finally be declared void. Such, of
course, I regard this law to be. You may bring
it before the courts and annul it in that way ;
but the reason w*hy I suppose Congress ought
to act upon the subject is that it makes a great
difference to the people there whose rights have
been displaced and outraged by this unconsti-
tutional legislation, and they have a right !o
have Congress clear this unconstitutional law
out of their way and put them in statu quo ante
helium. If we are clear that the law was un-
warranted by the Constitution, that it was got
up in troublous times, when men did not con-
sider the full purport of what they were doing,
or that it was for the nefarious purpose of ob-
taining a particular advantage in contemplation
of what was subsequently done, in my judgment
it is the right of that people, who never con-
sented to the act, to have it wiped out of their
way: and then if the other party contend that
it was constitutional and that Congress had a
right to pass it and no right to repeal it, let
them contest it.
We are told that if it shall be determined
that the act of retrocession is constitutional,
we shall be in a very bad predicament by pass-
ing a bill to repeal it. Sir, is it possible that
any lawyer will argue here that one Congress
may pass a law that another cannot repeal?
The act of retrocession, I think, was unconsti-
tutional. Every gentleman that I have heard
speak upon the subject believes it to be clearly
unconstitutional. It is an incumbrance, how-
ever. It is a cloud thrown over the title of
every man in that portion of the District who
holds his property under the originnl titles, and
who has a right to have them confirmed : and
every mail who has a right to live under the
jurisdiction of the Government of the United
States in that portion of the District ha-* had a
wrongful doubt or cloud thrown over his pos-
session, and thrown over it, too, by Congress;
and Congress ought to wipe it away if they ,-.o
regard it. We ought not to suffer an unconsti-
tutional law to rest on our statute-books a mo-
ment after wo come to the conclusion that if is
unwarrantable and wrong. It makos a great
difference to the people of that portion of the
District whether you repeal this law, wipe it
out, and leave them as they were before, or
whether you hold them to test the validity of a
law that everybody supposes to bo unconstitu-
tional. t think it is the right of the Union
people of Alexandria county to have this law
that is supposed to he unconstitutional re-
pealed.
