596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
It seems agreed, from the manner of expounding
or defining the "words 'immunities' and 'privileges'
by the counsel on both sides, that a particular and
limited operation is to be given to these words, and
not afull and comprehensive one. Itisagreed itdoes
not mean the right of election, the right of holding
offices, the right of being elected."
Andin this respect the decision was somewhat
with the great authority of my honorable friend
from Maryland:
"The court are of opinion it means that the citizens
of all the States shall have the peculiar advantage of
acquiring and holding real as well as personal prop-
erty, and that such property shall be protected and
secured by the laws of the State in the same manner
as the property of the citizens of theStateis protected.
It means suclipropertyshallcotboliableto any taxes
or burdens which the property of the citizen is not
subject to. It may also mean, that as creditors, they
snail be on the same footing with the State creditor,
in the payment of the debts of a deceased debtor. It
secures and protects personal rights."
These principles are all correctly laid clown,
according to ray judgment. I agree with the
Maryland judge in relation to these premises.
He further says:
"The way to expound a clause intheGeneral Gov-
ernment or Constitution of the "United States is by
comparing it with other parts, and considering them
together; and to lay a foundation for a right exposi-
tion in tho present case, it wilt be proper to suggest a
few plain principles.
"1. That Congress can exercise no power as a legis-
lative body but whatis vested in them by tho Consti-
tution; it boing under and by virtue of that instru-
ment alonothey derive their powois."
The Supreme Court also consider Congress
as possessing tiiose powers which arise from
the Constitution by necessary implication; but
this decision goes 011:
"2. All power, jurisdiction, and rights of sover-
eignty, not grauled by the people by that in slrumcnt,
or relinquished, are still ictained by them in their
several States, ami 111 their respective State Legisla-
tures, according to their ionu- of government.
" Uniformity ot Jaws in tile Status 1-, contemplated
by the (general Government only in two cases, 011
the subject of bankruptcies and naturalization.
" The legislative powersot Congress are particularly
defined in llic eighth section of the. fu';t articlo.
"Tiiose powers do nut. interfere with or abrtda-c Ihe
power of the States to mftkc local regulations, tho
operation of which is confined to the Stale."
There is the great principle to which f wish to
invite tho attention of the honorable Kenator
from Illinois, and of gentlemen upon this floor
■who advocate and intend to vote for this bill.
This, authority is express that Congress lias 110
powers except what tire conferred by the Con-
stitution ; that, outside of the powers conferred
by (he Constitution, Congress can exorcise no
legislative authority whatever; that the legis-
lative powers of Congress are particularly de-
fined iti the eighth section of the iirst article of
the Constitution, and tiiose powers this court
say expressly " do not interfere with or abridge
the power of the States to make local regula-
tions the operation of which is conlined to the
State." The power of the State of Kentucky to
legislate for her own free negroes, 111 relation
to all their rights, privileges, anil immunities,
in relation to all their property, so far a< those
laws are to apply locally to that State and
operate within thai State, according to the au-
thority relied upon by the honorable Senator
from Illinois himself, is a power that belongs
exclusively to 1I10 State, and Congress has 110
authority to grasp it as a subject, of congres-
sional legislation. That is in obedience to the
great principle by w Lie h the powers of the State
governments and those of the General Govcrn-
■ meut are separated. It is in conformity to and
in strict harmony with the great principle that
Congress has no power to regulate any concerns
in the States except those that relate to two or
more States; that within a single State, all sub-
jects of legislation, all persons that are subject
to legislation, andalltheirriglits, privileges, and
immunities, so far as these are limited and re-
stricted to the State and the laws, are to operate
within the State, belong to tho State exclu-
sively. This opinion further says:
' The restrictive clauses in the tenth section of the
iirst article, limiting the powers of the States, are eou-
Iitieil to certain enumeiated cases, none of which com-
prehend the subject under consideration: the power
regulating process tor the more effectual recovery
of debts.
That reasoning establishes another principle,
that when a matter is enumerated specially :
when a, power is conferred by express words,
and that power is vested in a particular magis-
tracy, no other power can be claimed, and no
other magistracy than the one named can ex-,
ercise that power within the Constitution.
Now let me read a few sentences from the
decision of Chief Justice Parker in the case in
6 Pickering, to which the honorable Senator
referred. There is a point of debate and of
doubt between his opinion and those of his as-
sociate judges; and it is whether after a citizen
of one State has moved to another State, and
become a resident of that other State, he can
claim any right whatever under the clause of
the Constitution which gives to the citizens of
one State the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens in the several States. Chief Justice Par-
ker seems to think that this right attaches and
can only bo claimed and exercised when the
citizen has moved from one State to another.
The two other judges, in rendering their opin-
ions, treat it differently, and, in my poor judg-
ment, treat it cofrectly. They hold that where
a citizen of one State has removed to another
to reside there, he ceases to be the subject of
the provision of the Constitution which I have
read in relation to the rights of a citizen in an-
other State. It is only when he goes there as
a visitor, when ho goes there to purchase prop-
erty, when he goes to the second State for pur-
poses of temporary residence, or to do any act
which the citizen of one State may lawfully and
constitutionally claim to do in another State—
it is only while he occupies that predicament
and that condition that he places himself within
the pale of this constitutional provision. So
Judge Chase, of Maryland, adjudged, as I un-
derstand his opinion; and so did Mr. Justice
Washington in the opinion which is reported in
his Circuit Court Reports; but Mr. Chief Justice
Parker seems to treat the matter differently;
and I will read from his decision so much as
bears upon this point;
" "Before the adoption of the national Constitution,
if a husband of Massachusetts deserted his wife and
removed into another Slate, making no provision for
her, and torbidding lier to follow him, assuming a
new marriage relation de favlo in bis adopted State,
tho wife remaining here working for her support,
lie exercising ail the rights of a citizen of tho other
State and never intending to return, would not this
amount to an abmration of his native State, so that
his wife might have the privileges and be liable to
the burdens of a Jane ni>U- licte? We think it would.
Does then tho Union of the States, or the provision in
the Constitution relerred to, make a ditfcrcnco? The
iiirisdictionsof the several State,-, as such, ;iiedistinct,
and m mostrespectsforeign. Tho Constitution of the
United States makes the people el' the United States
<mbjeeK of one Government Quoad everything within
the national power and jurisdiction, but leaves them
subjects of separate and distincto vcrnio0nt:~.''
As to everything not within the Federal ju-
risdiction the States are considered as separate
and foreign governments. That is an indubita-
ble principle of our s\stent, and it is here rec-
ognized distinctly by Chief Justice Parker ; and
he goes 011 to say:
"The privileges and immumticssceurcd to tho peo-
ple of each State in evcsyotiier State, can be applied
only in case of removal trom one State into another."
In that position I think rlie learned judge was
in error, but I may be mistaken.
"Jly snob removal they become citizens of the
adopted State without naturalization."
I admit that they have a right to. go there and
become residents there. That is a right which
appertains to them as citizens of the State from
whence they removed; but when they have
moved and changed their residence they have
exhausted all the right0 that they are entitled to
under the provision which 1 have read from the
Constitution, and they become subject to the
same laws ami the same rules of legislation that
tho citizens of the State to which they have re-
moved are subject. The learned judge says;
"By such removal they heeomceitizensofthe adopted
State without naturalization, and have a light to
sne and be sued as citizen*; and yet Liu- privilege is
qualified and not absolute, for they cannot enjoy
tbe right of suffrage, ueot eligibility to othee, without
such term of residence as shall be prescribed by the
constitution and laws of the State into which they
shall remove. They shall have the privileges and im-
munities ot citizens, that is. they shall net be deemed
aUens. but, may take end hold real estate, and may,
according to the laws ot such State, eventually enjoy
the full rights of citizenship without the necessity of
being mxtursiliz.ed,''
I accord to the position s which are here stated;
but I go further, and I say that the rights which
may be claimed by a citizen of one State in
another State take effect and apply to the citi-
zen practically before he has removed his res-
idence into the other State, and they apply for
some purposes after that removal has taken
place.
" The constitutional provision referred to is neces-
sarily limited and qualified, for it cannot be pretended
that a citizen of Rhode Island, coming into this state
to live, is ipso .facto entitled to the full privileges of a
citizen, if any term of residence is prescribed as pre-
liminary to the exercise of political or municipal
rights. The several States, then, remain sovereign to
some purposes, and foreign to each other, as before
the adoption of the Constitution of the United States,
. and especially in regard to the administration of jus-
tice, and in the regulation of property and estates, tho
laws of marriage and divorce, and the protection of
the persons of those who live under their jurisdiction.
No process can go from one State into another, nor
can the citizen of one Statebe made amenable to tho
laws of another, unless he come within its jurisdic-
tion."
What principles are here laid down? That
for all purposes of government except those
vested in the Government of the United Stales
by the Constitution expressly, the States occupy
the position and relationship of foreign Govern-
ments ; each State legislates for itself as dis-
tinctly as a foreign Government would legislate,
and is no more bound by the legislation of Con-
gress in relation to the matters herein enumer-
ated than would bo the Government of England
or of France or of any foreign country. Let
me read again from this decision:
"The several States then remain sovereign to some
purposesandforeignto eacliother. asbefore (.headop-
tion of the Constitution of tile United States, and
especially in regard to the administration ot iustice,
and 111 the regulation of propeity and estates, the laws
ot marriage and dhoicc, and the protection of tho
persons ot those who live under their jurisdiction."
Here is the authority relied upon by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois himself, which
expressly and triumphantly overturns the posi-
tion which he assumes ill his bill. In this bill
he proposes to legislateby Congress for the resi-
dent negro in Kentucky, born there, who has
always lived there, and who intends to remain
there for his lifetime, and for every negro in
America. This authority holds that the States
are sovereign, "especially in regard to the ad-
ministration of justice, and in the regulation of
property and estates, the laws of marriage and
divorce, and the protection of tho persons of
those who live under their jurisdiction." This
authority expressly lays it down that all these
subjects are the distinctive and exclusive sub-
jects of State legislation ; that over them the
authority, the jurisdiction of the respective
Statesisas though the States were foreign coun-
tries. It occurred to me from the manner in
which the honorable Senator was scrapping
these opinions, that he was not reading the whole
of them, that he was not reading enough of them
to yive the Senate a full and just conception of
the principles decided hv them: and when they
arc referred to, my suspicion is abundantly eon-
lirmed, is clearly established ; for, on eviscerat-
ing the opinions and seeing the principles that
are decided in them, T find that they are not
only in confl iet. wi th .but that th oy expressly over-
turn all the provisions of the honorable Sena-
tor's bill, even upon the principle that the negro
is a citizen, so far as the bill is intended to op-
erate upon the local inhabitants of Kentucky,
or of any other State. Now, sir, I turn your
guns upon you. and I am endeavoring to make
them thunder inyour frail works, and it requires
but one or two shots to itterly demolish them;
and here is a shot that does utterly demolish
them;
" The several States, then, remain sovereign to somo
purposes and foreign to each other, as before tho
adoption of tile Constitution of the United States, and
especially in regard"—
Especially do they remain foreign to cach
other and to the General Government just as
they were before the adoption of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, says the learned
judge—
" In reffnrd to the administration of justice, and in
the regulation of property and estates, the laws of
maniage and divorce, and the protection of the per-
sons of those who live under their jurisdiction."
