1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59?
Will the honorable Senator when he comes
to respond, if he deigns to reply—1 do not care
whether he does or not—tell the Senate from
whence he derives the power to apply this bill
to a free negro or a ivhi!e local resident citizen
of Kentucky, who is not going into another
State, who has no business transactions in an-
other State, who does not propose to go into
another Stateat all? In relation to theadmin-
istration of justice to such people, in the regu-
lation of the property and estates of such peo-
ple, in the taws of marriage and divorce as
applicable to such people, and in the protection
of the persons of those people who live entirely
and exclusively within the jurisdiction of Ken-
tucky and the other States, wheie is the au-
thority derived by which Congress claims the
right to legislate in respect to them as people,
without any regard to their relationship, per-
sonal or business, with any other State?
I have got the other decision to which the
honorable Senator referred before me, but I
will not read from it except to quote the extract
which the honorable gentleman embodied in
his speech and upon which he relied, and it is
just as hostile to his position and his bills as
the two from which I have read.
"But, sir," says the honorable gentleman—
"The decision most elaborate upon this clause of
the Constitution is to be found in Washington's Cir-
cuit Court Report*, in a ease which was reserved for
consideration after argument. I will read several
sentences from the opinion of the circuit judge, be-
causcitwill be soon tha the enumerates the very rights
belonging to a citizen of the United States which are
set forth in the first section of this bill."
Yes, he does, font to whom does he attach
them? Who does he say are entitled to these
rights? The citizens of the other State, and
not the citizen of the State who has been born
in and has been local to his State all the time.
Let me read what the honorable Senator has
extracted from Judge Washington's decision:
"The next question is, whether this act infringes
flint section of the Constitution which declares that
4the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizcns in the several
States?'
* " The inquiry is,what are the privileges and immu-
nities of citizcns m the several States? We feel no
hesitation in confining these expressions^) those
privileges and immunities which are in their nature
fundamental: which belong ot right to the citizens of
all free Governments; and which have at oil times
been enjoyed by the citizens of the several States
which compose this Union, from the time of their be-
comingfree, independent, and sovereign. What these
fundamental principles areitwould perhaps be more
tedious than difficult to enumerate. Theymay, how-
ever, be all comprehended under the following gen-
eral heads: protection by theGo\ eminent; theenjoy-
iiient of life and liberty,with the right to acquire, :md
possess property of every kind; and to pursue and
obtain happiness and safety, subject, neverthelc>s, to
such restraints as the Government may j ust )y pre^ciibe
for the general good of'thewhole. Thcrisht of a citi-
zen of one State to pass through, or to reside in any
other State, for purposes of trade, agrieul tui o, pi oiVs-
sional pursuits, or otherwise: to claim the benefit of
the writ ot habeas coyuw; to institute and maintain
actions of any kind m the courts of the Stale to take,
hold, and dispose of property, cither real orpersonal;
and an exemption from higher taxes or impositions
than are paid by the other citizens of the State, may
be mentioned as someof theparticularprivilegetand
immunities of citizens, which are clearly embraced bv
the general description of privileges deemed to be
fundamental; to which may be added the elective
franchise, as regulated and established bytho laws
or constitution of the State in which it is to be exer-
cised r~Corjidd \s. Coryell, 4 Washington's Circuit
Court Reports, pageSSO.
In relation to the other rights, except the
right to vote, which this judge says only at-
taches when the party removing from one State
into another has become a citizen of the second
State, and has conformed to all the laws regu-
lating the right to vote in that State, what de-
scription of persons does lie apply then to? Who
does he say are entitled to these other rights ?
"The right, of a citizen of one State to pass through,
or to reside in any other State, for purposes of trade,
agriculture, professional pursuits, or otherwise ; to
claim the benefit of the writ of hab?o<t corpus; to
institute and maintain actions of any Kind in the
couits of the State to take, bold, and dispose ot prop-
•erty, cither real or personal; and an exemption from
higher ttixes or impositions than are paid by the other
citizens ot the State, may be mentioned as some of
the particular privileges and immunities of citizens,
which a re el early embraced by the general description
of privileges deemed to bo lundamental; to which
may be added the elective fianetiise, as regulated and
established by the laws or constitution of tUeStatem
which it is to he exercised.''
All these rights and privileges are attributed
by the decision of the court to the citizens of
one State going into another StEite. If Senators
will examine this opinion, they will find that
every doctrine laid down by it, and every right
and privilege of the citizen that it establishes
under the clause of the Constitution wliieh 1
have, read, appertains to a citizen residing in his
own State and claiming these immunities or
privileges in another State, or they attach to a
citizen of one State who has removed into the
other State and changed his relationship.
The opinions relied on by the honorable Sen-
ator do not establish any other proposition. On
the contrary, they negative almost in positive
terms—they do, as satisfactorily as though the
language they used was ever so positive, neg-
ative the idea that a citizen, black or white, of
a State, born in that State, having no business,
no transactions in another State, not having
gone into another State to change his place of
residence, but still living and residing in the
State where he was born, is or can become the
subject of congressional legislation under this
provision of the Constitution. Such a citizen
is not in a condition, not in a predicament, to
claim the advantage of this provision of the
Constitution.
Mr. President. I then come to the conclusion,
and 1 think that it is legitimately reached, it is
reached in virtue of the gentleman's authori-
ties, that his bill, so far as it legislates upon
the person or property of white citizens or
negroA who have always lived in one State, and
who have no business and no transactions and
claim no rights and no immunities in another
State, is flagrantly unconstitutional and \oid.
There is one other feature of the bill upon
which I shall say a word. I was surpiiscd and
astonished to hear the honorable Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Jonxsox] announce that all
negroes,born in the United States were citizens,
and that Congress might pass an act declaring
them to be citizcns, and that they would thereby
be entitled to the righi of suffrage.
Mr. JOHN'SOX. The honorable Senator
misunderstood me. I said 1 lint, but for the de-
cision in the Dred Scott ease I should have
held so.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, if that decision had
never been rendered I think the proposition
that they were not citizens and would not be
entitled to vote is just as strong. I ask the hon-
orable Senator if Congress can make a citizen
at all. I say Congress cannot. Congress has
no power to make a citizen. If Congress has
the power to make a citizen, it has the power
under the Constitution. Will the honorable
Senator irom Maryland or the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois read me the provision of the
Constitution that authorizes Congre?s to make^
a citizen, or refer me to it? Tlie only powei of
Congress o\ er that subject is contained in these
words:
"Congressshall have powertoadopt aunifoiiurule
of naturalization."
Congress may create the rule; it may jire-
scribe the authoiity to make a citizen: but. it.
cannot exercise that power itself. Congress
may establish courts inferior to the Supreme
Court; but that does not authorize Congress to
adjudge cases, or to exercise any of the judicial
power of the Government. It may create tri-
! bunals—that the Constitution authorizes—to
administer those powers; but the facility and
the power of Congress to organize those tribu-
nals doe? not authorize Congress to do the acts
of adjudication or of administration v> hich these
functionaries, after they are organized by Con-
gress, are authorized by the Constitution to ex-
ecute. I say it would be just as legitimate and
as constitutional for Congress, under its power
to pass laws establishing courts subordinate to
the Supreme Court, to assume the prerogative
of deciding the causes which those inferior
courts may decide after Congress has organized
them: and this position is so absurd that a
mere statement of it must, to the mind of the
honorable Senator himself, lead to a refutation
of his proposition.
Congress has no power to make a citizen.
Every particle of power which Congress has
on the subject is to establish a uniform rule- of
naturalization. When Congress has established
that uniform rule of naturalization—which it
has done, and the power has been exercised
under the Government almost from its founda-
tion—the authority of Congress is exhausted;
it has no further power whatever over the ques-
tion of naturalization or citizenship.
I conceded the other day that the treaty-mak-
ing power, when it acquired foreign territory
with inhabitants, and those inhabitants chose
to remain on aud after the transfer of the terri-
tory to the United States, was, by necessary
implication, clothed with the faculty of making
a citizen. When the Constitution itself, has
said by express words and by necessary impli-
cation how citizcns may be made, when the Con-
stitution has provided that they can be made
only in two ways, I assume it as an undoubted
constitutional principle that they cannot be
made in any other. They may be made by
treaty acquiring territory with inhabitants, or
they may be made according to the uniform
rule of naturalization which Congress is author-
ized by the Constitution to establish; and they
cannot be made in any other way.
It has been assumed hero by various gentle-
men, and I believe by my learned and most
respe'eted friend from Maryland, that any per-
son, be he of what race or color he may, born
within the United States, is by the effect and
operation of our Constitution made a citizen.
If that principle be true now, it was always
true since the adoption of the Constitution, it
is true in relation to the Indian, it is true in
relation to the negro, it is true in relation to
the slave negro as well as the free negro.
There were free negroes born in the New Eng-
land States and in Pennsylvania and New York
seventy or eighty years ago. When was it ever
before claimed in the Scnnto of the United
Slates, or anywhere in tliis broad land, forthose
negroes born from free negro parents, that they
were citizens?
Mr. JOHNSON. It was net only claimed,
but the Supreme Court iu the decision of the
Dred Scott case necessarily conceded that, if
there had been at any time, now or when the
Constitution was adopted, an African who came
to the United States in a different capacity
from a slave, or who was the descendant of one
who did come otherwise than as a slave, he
would be a citizen.
Mr. DAMS. Will my honorable friend
point out to me the distinction and the consti-
tutional rule that makes a distinction between
a l'ree negro and a slave negro?
Mr. JOHNSON. I give you what the court
said.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, that is a dictum. The
honorable Senator, as I said the other day, is
one of the ablest lawyers, and I believe t.he
ablest living lawyer in the land. I have seen
gentlemen sometimes so much the lawyer that
they had to abate some of the statesman,
[laughter;] and I am not certain, I would
not say it was so—1 will not arrogate to myself
to sav'so—but sometimes a suspicion flashes
across my mind that that is precisely tlie pre-
dicament of my honorable friend. My honor-
able friend knows that when an opinion is ren-
dered by a court, the opinion is authority only,
upon this question before the court, the question
coram jadicc. It has often been said, and 1
am not certain that the incumbent of the Chair
[Mr. Howe] and all the gentlemen on the Ke-
publiean side of the Senate have not assumed
again and again that Lord Manslield, in the cel-
ebrated case of Sommersett, decided that sla
very did not and conld not exist in England.
He decided no such principle. He decided
diametrically the reverse. Ho decided that
slavery then existed in England, that slaves
then might be sold, and if sold for a price to
be paid in the future, the sale was a sufficient
consideration to maintain tlie writing and to
maintain a suit upon the writing in anV of the
courts of Yi*o«;minster 11:,ii. He decided ex-
pressly that slavery existed' io every English
colony in America, that slavery then existed
