1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the section
by (striking out the following:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to modify or repeal the second section of
tiio act of Maich 3,1843, authorizing the transfer of
any surplus of the contingent fund, under the direc-
tiou of the proper Department.
And upon that I desire to say a few words.
Mr. ALLEY. "Will the gentleman allow me
to say a few words now ?
Mr. HILL. I will do so.
Mr. ALLEY.. I was going to remark that
■ the speech of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Tiiayer] reflects almost precisely the
views I presented to the Department upon this
subject, and the reply was that it would be im-
possible for them to get along in the Depart-
ment without some such provision as this. I
appreciate fully the remarks and objections of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stk-
vexs,] and acting upon his suggestion, with the
view that he presents, that it would be more
appropriate in the appropriation bill, and that
the Committee on Appropriations will report
the provision if necessary, fully convinced as I
am of the necessity of this provision in some
form, I cheerfully consent to having this sec-
tion stricken out.
Mr. HILL. I am very glad the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] agrees to
that.
Mr. KASSON. In the proviso of the first
section of the act of March 3, 1809, which is
still in force, as I understand, is the following:
"Provided, neverthelea*, That during the rceess of
Congress, the President of the United States may, and
ho i - hereby authorized, on the application of the Sec-
retary of tile proper Department, and not otherwise,
to direct, if in his opinion necessary for the public
service, that a portion of the money.-, appropriated
for a particular branch of expenditure in that Depart-,
ment, may be applied to another branch of expendi-
ture in the same Department; in which case a special
account ot all moneys thus transferred and of their
application shall be laid before Congress during the
first week of their next ensuing session."
That is all the power any Secretary ought to
have, and all I presume that the Postmaster
General wants. For if a deficiency occurs
during the session of Congress, he can report
to Congress and they will take action. If a
deficiency occurs during the vacation of Con-
gress, then this old law confers all the power
that is necessary.
Mr. HILL. All I desire to say now, since
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
consents to have this section stricken out, is.
that ! am very happy to liml that the speech
which the gentleman says he nude to the Post-
master General has hacl a much happier effect
when made here than it had upon the Post-
master General.
Mr. ALLEY. I was not aware of the exist-
ence of the law just quoted by the gentleman
from Iowa, which renders this section ot course
unnecessary and therefore it should bo stricken
out.
The motion of Mr. WAsnnrnxii, of Illinois, to
strike out section eleven was then agreed to.
Section twelve was then read, as follows:
SEC. 13. And he it further enacted, That ncwspapcr.%
circular*, pamphlets, and other kinds of printed rmil-
ter deposited in any post office tor local delivery, shall
be subject to thetollowmgratesot postaee, to be pre-
paid iu all i-aacs by stamps, namely, the drop postage
on newspaper", circulars, and pamphlet*, shall be
uniform at one cent each: Provided, hoiccvcr, That
drop newspapeis, in packages to one addicss shall be
subject to postage at the rate of one cent toreaehfour
ounces or fraction thereof: A,id provided v!,o. That
drop printed matter not enumerated in tins section
shall be sabiect to .iposta.se oi one cent for each piece,
exeent bonks, which shall be subject to postage at
the rate ot tour cents for each ei^ht ounces or fraction
thereof.
Mr. RAYMOND. I move to strikeout I,lie
words ''to be prepaid in all cases by stamps."
Mr. MILLER. I move to strike out the
whole section.
Air. RAYMOND. I accept that motion.
Mr. MILLER. I think this section ought
cleat lv to bo stricken nut.
Mr." ALLEY. 1 understood that this section
was got up in the newspaper interest. Certainly
no objection has heretofore been made Hi it irom
that quarter. It litis been considered, 1 believe,
bv a great many newspaper editors, and I have.
not yet heard any opposition to it on their part.
But if it is objectionable to that interest I have
no objection to its being stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
The thirteenth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That so much of
the fifteenth section of the act entitled "An act to
amend thelaws relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment," approved March 3,1863, as authorizes post-
masters to contract with the publishers of newspapers,
periodicals, and circulars, lor delivery by carriers
within their postal districts of any publication not
coining through the mails, at, rates and upon terms
to be agreed upon with such publishers! be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. ALLEY. I suppose it will be necessary
to strike out that section, now the others have
been stricken out. I make the motion that it
be stricken out. j
The motion was agreed to.
The fourteenth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it further enocted That whenever it
shall become expedient, in the opinion of the Post-
mast or (ienci al, i o substitute a different kind of post-
age stamps lor those now m use, he shall be, and is
hereby, authorized to modify tiic existing contract for
the manufacture of postage stamps, so as to allow to
the contractors a sum sufficient to cover the increased
expenses, if any, of manufacturing the stamps so sub-
stituted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the gentleman from Massachusetts will also
move to strike that out.
Mr. ALLEY. In regard to that section I will
say he will not object to its being retained. It
is deemed of great importance by the Depart-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Whysliould
I not object to it when it provides for increased
and unnecessary expense ? I do not like this
authority given to the Postmaster General to
change those stamps at any time when a new
design may be proposed. I think it is unsafe.
Ever) body knows what the stamps are now,
and everybody is satisfied with them.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
Illinois, wilh whom at the first blush I agreed,
listen to a single statement ? I remember now
there is another kind of postage stamp wilh a
peculiar kind of ink which is in part a patent
and in part a secret. It is in use in some of
the English and in some of the continental post
oflices. It has been desired by the Department
here. The mark which it puts in canceling a
stamp cannot be removed without effacing the
entire impression of the stamp. If the chair-
mail of the committee thinks it relates to the
substitution of some stamp like that, and not
for some new design, 1 think the section should
be retained.
Mr. ALLEY. When this matter was pre-
sented to the committee, the same objection
occurred to my mind that the gentleman from
Illinois has urged against it, but the Depart-
ment satisfied the committee that it was im-
portant and necessary. 1 will not detain the
House by staling £,11 the arguments that were
advanced, but I rceollect very well they were
conclusive to my mind. I hope the clause will
be retained.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of .Illinois. Will not
the gentleman agree to amend so 'as to strike
out the words " so as to allow to the contract-
ors a sum sufficient to cover the increased ex-
penses, if any, of manufacturing the stamps
so substituted Y"
Mr. ALLEY. I think the section is proper
as it is. It is a simple matter, and it is neces-
sary for the Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to add the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Thai,section two of chapter one hundred and thirty-
seven of 1 be lawsof Congress, approved July 1. IStif,
be amendedbyaddingtliefollowins': Piovuled, That
when the quartoil" li-tnrns of any postmaster, ot the
third, fourth, or fifth class, shows that the salary al-
lowed is ten per cent. ks~ than it would be on the
baoisuf commissions underthc act of IS" i, fixing com-
pensation, tb^n the Postmaster UenoraJ shall review
and readjust under the proi isions of said section.
Mr. .Speaker, I wish to say a word on that
amendment. I was on the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads -when this provision
was under consideration, and proposed ah
amendment proven inadequate. It does not
seem ftp me that the hardships experienced.
under the system of commissions by postmas-
ters in new towns, in towns built up in, the
newest portions of the country, and .on the lines-,
of railroads, have been fully appreciated. * It
has been found, sir, that the postmasters in,
these new towns under the system of salaries
are called upon to do worlc for little or nothing.
I know of postmasters who receive only thirty- "
five or forty dollars a quarter who should receive
$100 if commissions were allowed according to
business. Now,itisnot just; it does not apper-
tain to the dignity of the Post Office Depart-
ment to call upon those public servants living in
Kansas, Minnesota, Iowa,Wisconsin, Michigan, •
California, and the new States and Territories
to do this work for next to nothing. Let the law
be plain that there may be an early recognition
of responsible and faithful service. Once in
three months is not too frequent an adjustment
for men too poorly paid.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would ask my
colleague whether frequent applications have
not been made for relief, and whether theyhave
not been refused by the Postmaster General.
Mr._ GIIINNELL. I have received between
forty and fifty applications for redress, and
gentlemen all around me have received similar
applications thoy inform me. This is only a
question of justice to those who receive com-
paratively little compensation.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not like to object to a
provision of this kind. As I said before, if the
gentleman would make it twenty per cent, in-
stead often I would agree to it, although it will
involve immense additional labor to the De-
partment,. The review of the whole matter of
compensation to postmasters will have to take
place in July. I was in hopes they would con-
sent to let it he deferred till that time, when
this revision will take place. If this is passed
it goes over to the Senate, where it will proba-
bly be delayed and before this will bo passed to
do much good July will probably be upon us.
1 think on the whole that the amendment had
better be referred to the committee for them
to mature it and put it in the next bill which v
they report.
Mr. GRINNELL. I dislike this reference to
the committee. This is the favored hour. Near
three months ago I presented a bill to remedy
this grievance of our half-paid postmasters in
our new towns, and it has slept with the com-
mittee. I will trust the Senate to concur with
us in what is so palpably proper. Next July
is too far off. It was my fortune to serve for
two sessions under the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post, Office and Post Roads, [Mr.
Alley,] and I take pleasure in saying that I
was honored by the association, and found him
discreet and wise, as our chairman, over faith-
ful to the postal service; hut I cannot resist
the conviction, that a little more liberality to
the new States on his part and that of the able
Postmaster General, would tend to secure a
faithful class of servants and add to the dignity
of the Department, as well as its efficiency.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to my friend from IowTa [Mr. Gr.xxxEix] to
change the language of his amendment, so that
we may know what act he means. Let it be to
amend a certain act. The language as it is now
is entirelv exceptional. I never saw it in any
bilL
Mr. ALLEY. Will it he in order to move to
amend the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ALLEY. Then I move to strike out ten
per cent." and insert ''twenty per ccnt-
Mr. GRINNELL. I will modify the amend-
ment as suggested by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr, Washiwrxe,] as it is not material.
I hope the amendment o~f the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] willnotbe adopted.
It is not fair to the now States. The penally
for growth by a loss of ten per cent, on what is
■justly due is quite enough.
Mr. HALE. Is there any district in the ge«%
