1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If it is not unconstitutional it ought to be
repealed. Undoubtedly if it is a constitutional
law it is in our power to repeal it, and there
are paramount reasons that should induce us
to do so. The great reasons which induce^
our forefathers to make this District as large
as it was originally, and to which 1 alluded
before, are paramount reasons why we should
preserve it in thatposition. Yea, sir, infinitely
stronger reasons should move us now than did
then. Their foresight was a prudent one. We
suffered great inconvenience during the recent
war because this jurisdiction was supposed, by
this law, to be in old Virginia, which was hos-
tile to and at war with us. I think I know
that if it had not been for this unconstitutional
legislation the southern States would have
been invaded much sooner than they were, and
with much greater efficiency. We were put
back pondering over the question whether we
would invade a sovereign State, and with two
hundred thousand men on this side of the
Potomac we stood hesitating a long time
whether we would march them into a sov-
ereign State. The enemy had possession there
in that jurisdiction which belonged to us, and
which this unconstitutional law had deprived
us of. We gave them the advantage of quar-
tering their troops in Alexandria and other
strongholds in the District, where they could
assail us.
I say, then, if the law was constitutional it
ought to be repealed and the territory rean-
nexed, for public purposes, for purposes of
defense. For that matter, I do not care whether
you say the act was constitutional or unconsti-
tutional. If it was a constitutional law, the
same reasons that induced those who laid out
this District to lay it out of its original size,
that they might defend themselves against ag-
gression, should be insisted on now by us. If
it was not an unconstitutional act, it was an
.exceedingly improvident act.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from Ohio will
allow me to propound a question to him. I
think I understood him to say that the law of
retrocession should be repealed, although it
might be constitutional.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLEY. Does the Senator believe
it is competent for Congress, without the con-
sent of the State of Virginia, to repeal the law
of retrocession, provided it was constitutional?
Mr. WADE. I do not suppose that it is
possible for any one to come to the conclusion
that this joint act of three parties, as I said
before, could be annulled by any two of them.
When Maryland and Virginia made their grants
and the General Government accepted them, it
was the joint act of all, and cannot be annulled
without the consent of all. Even if the act of
retrocession was constitutional, I suppose it
would be in our power to reacquire the terri-
tory, and that, too, against the will of Virginia
and her Legislature. So I think. I do not
see what right has attached to her. Bat, how-
ever that may be, we ought, in my judgment, to
do more than to tell the men whom we have
wronged by an act that wo believe to bo uncon-
stitutional, to work out their own salvation
through the courts. I think we ought to undo
that which we have wrongfully done. I think
it is due to those people whose rights have
been infringed upon by our unconstitutional
legislation, and it is no more than justice and
right that we should wipe out this act, and if
any one claims that its repeal is unconstitu-
tional, let those who so believe and who regard
the original law as constitutional test the ques-
tion before the proper tribunal. Every Sena-
tor who has yet spoken on the subject seems
to intimate no doubt that the act was wrongful
and without constitutional authority. Let us
give the benefit of that opinion to those Union
men whose rights have been infringed upon by
it, and let those who believe that it is a consti-
tutional ad lake the initiative, with the burden
on their pockets, of going into court and show-
ing that it is constitutional. But let us legis-
late upon our convictions, and let us not legis-
late to the detriment of those who. we believe.
have been wronged. I have no doubt.that this
is a judicial question if we see fit to treat it so,
and so are many other questions. Those who
passed the original law did not so regard it.
It was treated as a legislative question then,
and it ought to be so with us.
Now, sir, I hope that the bill will be post-
poned until gentlemen's minds shall be turned
to it more particularly than they are now, and
we will take it up at a convenient season and
endeavor to dispose of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
military peace establishment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 401, to increase and fix the military
peace establishment of the United States, with
a view to fixing a time for its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be made
the special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the question is
taken on that motion, which I do not know
that I have any objection to, I wish to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs in reference to another subject about
which I am receiving a great many letters, and
that is, when he proposes, or if he proposes at
all, to take up the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives relating to the equalization of sol-
diers' bounties. It is a matter that I think the
Senate should act upon. The country is look-
ing for action, and I should like to know when
the Senator from Massachusetts proposes to
bring that subject before the Senate, if at all.
Mr. WILSON. In reply to the Senator, I
have simply to say that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs reported a bill on that subject some
weeks since, before the bill alluded to passed
the House of Representatives. The bill re-
ported by the Military Committee of the Senate
is a real equalization bill; the bill of the House
of Representatives is not that, but it is some-
thing, and we propose to take up in committee
to-morrow morning the House bill and the
other bill and consider them together and see
what we can do, and I think we shall have a
report introduced on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That'is entirely satis-
factory to me. 1 think it important that the
subject should receive attention. I think the
country cxpeets it, and I trust we may have a
report that will satisfy the country upon that
subject, and will in fact equalize the bounties
of soldiers.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not rise to discuss
the matter, but merely to say that that is a
subject which the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have had before them during a very large
portion of the session, and to which their most
anxious attention has been directed at numer-
ous meetings, and I can assure the Senator
from Illinois that the Committee on Military
Affairs have been diligent in their attention to
the subject, and that 1 expect before the pres-
ent session shall close the bill to which he
refers will be taken np and passed. _I, for
one, am strongly in favor of the equalization
of bounties among the soldiers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to make the bill (S. No. 401) the spe-
cial order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
c1iaklks m. stout.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 641, for the relief of Charles M. Stout.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. G41) for the relief of Charles M. Stout,
late a second lieutenant in company E, seventh
regiment Pennsylvania Reserve corps, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is a
direction to the proper accounting officers of
the War Department to cause to be stated the
account of Charles M. Stout, late a second lieu-
tenant of company E, seventh regiment Penn-
sylvania Reserve corps of volunteers, and to
allow him pay and allowances as such officer
from the date of his appointment, by general
orders of General McClellan, at Harrison's
Landing, in Virginia, during the time Ire served
as such officer, from August 1, 1862, to Janu-
ary 30, 18G3, inclusive, the time he returned
again to the ranks as a private soldier, and to
pay the amount due to him or his legal repre-
sentatives.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not at this early
hour; it is not half after two o'clock : and there
are some important bills that we want to act
upon. The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Po-
land] has a bill which he has been trying every
day for a week to get the floor to call up.
Mr. GRIMES. What is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A bill in relation to
payment for quartermaster's aud commissary
stores.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a bill which has been
contested here day after day, and one-which we
ought not to proceed to the consideration of
when there arc not more than ten or twelve
Senators here, not more than half a quorfim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Many Senators are about
the building who will be here as soon as the
yeas and nays are called.
Mr. GRIMES. I am opposed to going on
with legislation of such magnitude when there
is nobody here to transact the public business.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 5; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to state, as several
Senators have come in since the motion was
made, that there is important legislative busi-
ness, and now we are trying to get up a bill
that has been considered several times in the
Senate and postponed by the expiration of the
morning hour—a bill providing for payment for
commissary and quartertfiaster's stores—in my
judgments bill which ought to be passed, which
is due to the loyal men who have not received
pay. It is extending the law which we now
have to other portions of the country. I hope
the motion to go into.exeeutive session will not
carry at this hour.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 12, nays 16 ; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs.^ Foster, Grimes, Henderson, How-
ard, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Sherman,
Spvaccue, Sumner, and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Cowan, Cragin, Davis, Guth-
rie, Harris, Hendricks, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Po-
land, Riddle, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, and Willey—16.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, jlneKalew,
Chandler, Conness, Creswell, Dixon, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDousall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart,
Williams, "Wright, and Yates—-21.
' So the motion was not agreed to.
payment foll ae.m1" supplies.
On motion of Mr. POLAND the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
217) to provide for the jDayment for quarter-
master's stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Shiague to strike out, in line
eight of section one, " Quartermaster General
of the United States," and insert "Secretary
of War to strike out, in line ten of section
one, "Quartermaster General," and insert
"Secretary of War;" in section two, line six,
strike out "Commissary General of Subsist-
ence" and insert " Secretary of Warand in
lines eight and nine of section two, to strike
out " Commissary General of Subsistence" and
insert "Secretary of War."
Mr. POLAND. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. The provisions of this bill are
precisely the same as those of the act of duly
4, 1804, providing for payment for quarter-
master's stores and subsistence supplies in the
loyal States. This bill merely extends the pro-
