1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
mi
39th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Civil Bights Bill—Veto Message—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
set the returns aside, that he should come'with
clean hands and, not with evidence like this,
showing such attempts to corrupt the elective
franchise. And it should be borne in mind
that there is no evidence of any such corrup-
tion on the part of the sitting member, no
attempt to buy his way into this House by
the lavish expenditure, of money, nothing that
shows even an improper act on his part or oo
the part of any person in privity with him.
Therefore it seems to me we would be doing
gross injustice to ourselves and to the country
—to the cause of right and of justice—if we
should do otherwise than 'say to Mr. Dodge,
"Go home, and when you come here again
bring a case that ugon its face, at least, is hon-
est and fair. Until you do that, this House
cannot give you a seat here, or even listen with
patience to a claim destitute even of plausibil-
ity, and carrying with it such potent evidence
of an attempt, by the claimant and his friends
to poison the very fountains of the elective sys-
tem, and to sap the foundations of republican
government."
Civil Rights Bill—Veto Message.
SPEECH OF HON. GARRETT DAYIS,
ojf kentucky,
In the United States Senate,
April 6,18t>6.
The Senate having under consideration the bill (S.
No. 61) to protect all persona in the United States in
their civil rights and to furnish tha means of their
vindication; whieh had been returned by the Pres-
ident with his objections—
Mr. DAVIS said: _
Mr. President: I intend to say something
upon the subject under debate. We have
heard the President of the United States de-
nounced in the Senate on this occasion by
men who were lately his friends, by men who
have approved of the entire course of the Pres-
ident of the United States, up to the time of
the introduction of this act. If the President,
in accordance with the importunities of men in
the Senate, and out of it, in addition to the
conditions which he urged upon the southern
States, had also required them to confer suf-
frage upon the negro, neither those Senators
nor one of their radical associates would have
made any opposition to the President. He in-
sisted that those States, by provisions in their
constitutions, should prohibit slavery perpet-
ually, that they should accept the proposed
amendment of the Constitution abolishing sla-
very throughout the United States, and that
they should repudiate their debt created in the
cause of the rebellion, which they, one and all,
accepted; and his only, but with them great,
short-coming was that he did not require them
to confer upon the freed negroes the right to
vote. Their objection is not that he did inter-
fere with the States lately in rebellion' as to
those matters, but that he did not go far enough,
and use all his influence and power to force
them to extend suffrage to the negro race.
1 know from the best authority that this last
condition was endeavored to be enforced upon
him by Senators who are now in their seats,
and by a member of the Supreme Court of the
United States; and it was said to him that if
he would make this condition a sine qua non
of the readmission of the southern States into
the Union, he would do all that they expected
of him, and satisfy the utmost demands of the
party.
I do not approve entirely the course of the
President of the United States in relation to
the conditions that he did require the southern
States to come under. The most satisfactory
explanation of that line of policy that I have
heard was from the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittm,] in a speech in this
Chamber some weeks since. It was to this
effect: that the President of the United States
had the right, and it was his duty, to offer his
counsel to these States to agree to terms of
pacification; that they had the option to ac-
cept or reject the advice which he gave them;
and that by their acceptance of the conditions
proposed to them the effect was the same,
and no more, than if the terms had originated
with them. I agree to that general truth. I
go further, and say, that if the President of the
United States, or any other man in the nation,
had drawn up a constitution in extenso for each
and all of those States, and they had by their
popular conventions accepted and ratified those
constitutions, they would have been legally and
validly the constitutions of the respective States
for which they were thus made. The accept-
ance or rejection was a matter for the people
of the States to decide for themselves respect-
ively, in view of the terrible dangers that en-
vironed them. That the conditions were not
more clement and magnanimous was because
the President was beset and constrained by the
wicked, revengeful, and furious leaders of the
party which had elected him.
Mr. President, we have been together long
enough in this Chamber to understand each
other. I think I understand most of the men
in it and their particular sentiments and opin-
ions, and the principles and considerations
upon and the ends for which they act. If the
southern States had presented their constitu-
tions here with the additional provision that
the freedmen should be entitled to political
suffrage, which is so intensely desired by the
majority in this Chamber, we would not have
heard an objection to the admission of their
members into this Chamber or the other House
of Congress. 1 have heard it passionately ex-
claimed in this debate, '1 Will you admit upon
the floors of the two Houses of Congress men
whose hands are reeking with the blood of their
murdered countrymen ?'' If those red hands had
clasped the black hand of the negro and there
had been inscribed upon the united hands, "We
are men; we are brothers; concession of equal
political rights," we never would have heard
in either House the language, "Notwithstand-
ing this concession your Senators and Repre-
sentatives must stand back, because your hands
are dripping with the blood of your murdered
brothers!" The blood-stained hand of the
southern rebel thus interlocked with the black
hand of the negro freedman. to the radical
statesmen of Congress would have looked as
pure as the white lily. The same men who
appear here to represent those States in the
two Houses and have had the doors slammed
in their faces would have found them wide open,
and been warmly welcomed by every Repub-
lican member.
I will say one word upon the subject of the
admission of these States into the Union, a
matter so frequently broughtup in debate. They
have been admitted once into the Union, and
all the power of Congress in regard to their
admission was then exhausted. The State is
not to be admitted again. She is in as one of
the United States forever, or until she is torn
away by revolution. The idea that Congress
may require these States again to present their
constitutions, as they did originally, and that
it has the right to pass upon these constitu-
tions and the admission of the States into
the Union as members of the Confederacy, is
altogether false and unfounded; it has no au-
thority whatever in the Constitution. If every
State in the Union during the existence of this
war, and while it hung in doubt whether it
would result favorably to the rebels or to the Uni-
ted States, had chosen to change her constitu-
tion, each State that was in relations with the
Government and acknowledged obedience to
it would have had the perfect right under that
condition of the case to change her constitution.
Suppose your own State, sir, [Mr. Ci.akk in the
chair,] had changed her constitution during
the pendency of this war; suppose all the New
England and all the loyal and adhering States
had changed their constitutions, would they
not have had a perfect right to do so? Would
not the action of the conventions and people
of those States changing them have been reg-
ular and valid? Who would-have had the folly
to say that a State thus having changed its con-
stitution would be required by the Constitution
of the United States, or by any precedent in the
history of our Government, to bring that con-
stitution before Congress and submit it to their
judgment to determine the question, whether
it was a republican form of government, and
ask for readmission into the Union? Who
would question the right of their Senators and
Representatives to be admitted to seats upon
the presentation of their proper returns, as the
Members from the States that had not changed
their constitutions.
A State whose people are in rebellion can
do no valid act while she is in the insurrec-
tionary condition. All changes and altera-
tions in her constitution and laws which she
may then make are void. Her people have a
perfect right to abandon their revolt, and re-
turn to their obedience to the United States;
and on its termination in that way, or by mili-
tary coercion, as to their constitution and laws,
they revert back to the exact position which
they occupied before the revolt. The State is
as much in the Union as though she and her
people had not resisted the authority and laws
of the United States. As a State she has for-
feited or lost nothing, because as to the State
the Constitution declares no forfeiture or loss,
and confers upon the General Government no
power to punish a State; but the people who
were engaged in the revolt may be treated,
tried, and punished as criminals in the mode
provided for by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, but in none other.
The honorable Senator from Illinois hasmade
a long argument against the veto and in sup-
port of this bill. I have great respect for that
Senator as a man, as a Senator, and as a jurist.
The ability and fidelity with which he sustained
the right of the ejected member of the Senate
from Jfew Jersey to his seat challenged my
admiration. I only regret that the intellect
and the legal ability that he displayed through-
out that contest should, upon so im^vrtanta
measure as this act, be withdrawn from the
cause of his country and his country's Consti-
tution and be given to faction and the interests
and fortunes of a reckless faction.
The honorable Senator complains that the
President's judgment of this bill has under-
gone a change since it was first drawn up by
those who gave it form. I ask that Senator if
the President of the United States was satisfied
in his judgment and conscience by his subse-
quent examinations of the bill, that it was in
conflict with the Constitution, if it was not the
highest duty which he owed to the country to
place his veto upon it? I believe myself, not-
withstanding the fling which the honorable Sen-
ator made at the Senator from Marjdand, [Mr.
Johnson,] that the principles and arguments
embodied in this veto message are sufficient to
satisfy any unprejudiced man that the bill itself,
in all of its essential provisions, flagrantly
infracts the Constitution.
If it be true that tke President at the first
was predisposed, and desired to approve both
this measure and the bill to increase the pow-
ers of the Freedmen's Bureau, but on their
deliberate examination reached the conclusion
that duty required him to put his veto upon
both, it proves him to be possessed of the very
highest order of moral courage, integrity of
intellect, and patriotic purposeand the able
and unanswerable arguments against their con-
stitutionality and policy, embodied in his veto
messages, afford the most satisfactory testi-
mony of his preeminent fitness for the office
which ho fills. I have a strong conviction that
if that honorable Senator had. brought to the
investigation of these two measures the same
