2622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair is to decide
the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
prefers to take the sense of the Senate on the
question whether the amendment shall be re-
ceived in the form in which it is now offered.
The question being put, the amendment was
received
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer this to come in as
a now section after section two :
And be it further enacted, That there be paid to the
several clerks of the Department of State, twenty
percent, of the compensation now allowed to each,
to commence from the 30th of June, 1865, and to con-
tinue until_ repealed by Congress; and a sum suffi-
cient for this purpose is hereby appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a peti-
tion that has been pending for some time before
the committee on this subject, which I ask to
have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
The petition of the undersigned, clerks in the De-
partment of State, humbly represent that their sal-
aries which wore fixed when gold was current and
the prices of the necessaries of life were compara-
tively low, are now entirely inadequate to their sup-
port with the most rigid econony. Indeed, some of
them who have been more fortunate than others in
the enjoymentof small incomes from private sources,
have from time to time been obliged to sacrifice the
principal from which those incomes were derived, to
provide themselves and their families with shelter
and the plainest clothing and food. Many of them
might earn more by obtaining employment- else-
whero, but some of these have been so long in office,
that, in all humility, they deem it their duty to re-
main until it shall be otherwise decreed, at almost
any sacrifice, believing that the knowledge and ex-
perience which they have gained is nottneir prop-
erty, bat-a valuable one to the public, in whose ser-
vice those qualifications have been acquired.
At the last session of Congress an appropriation
was made lor additional compensation to clerks in
the Treasury Department. Your petitioners have no
doubt of the wisdom of that measure, but regret that
they may not have been deemed worthy of a similar
boon.
Supposing, however, that the apparent partiality
referred to may have been occasioned by an ovei-
sight your petitioners appeal to your sense of justice
to place them on a similar tooting with the clerks in
that Department in respect to compensation.
And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will" so
ever pray,
W. HUNTER,
GEORGE E. BAKER,
JOHN A. JONES,
R. S. CHEW.
■WILLIAM HOGAN,
It. S. OIIELTON,
JOSEPH SMITH,
a. D. J. PRATT,
THOMAS C. COX.
H. R. DE LA REINTREE,
JOHN P. POLK,
EBRD. JEFFERSON,
GEORGE BARTLE,
II. N. GILBERT.
ROBERT A. WILSON,
8. S. BENEDICT.
A. TUNSTALL WELCH,
M. S. SCHBRMERHORN,
GEORGE L. BERDBN,
II. B. HASWELL,
W. MARTIN JONES,
THEODORE W. DIMON,
E. HAYWOOD,
GEORGE G. GAITHER,
JOHN KRANSE.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that there is
any necessity for me to add anything to that
petition. It speaks for itself. It states the
whole ease. But perhaps I should add one
word at least with regard to one of the public
servants there, the gentleman who heads the
petition, Mr. Hunter. He is one of the oldest
public servants now connected with the Gov-
ernment. He has been in the Department of
State for more than thirty years. Ho may be
called the living index to that Department; and
I believe I do not err if I say that "in all the
public service there is no person whose integ-
rity is more absolutely above suspicion. Placed
in a position of the greatest public trust, where
all the foreign correspondence of this Govern-
ment passes under his eye, that which comes
to the Government and that which leaves the
Government, I believe lie has passed a life
absolutely without blame. He has been in a
position where, had his integrity been open to
tjie least seduction, he might have been tempted.
.No human being imagines that he has ever for
a moment yielded. He has discharged his very
important trusts on a very humble salary. I
think the Senator from Maine knows him well
enough to know that he has brought to those
-functions an ability of a peculiar character.
And now, in the decline of life, he finds him-
self with simply the smallest salary of a clerk,
on which he can with difficulty subsist; and
yet all the time rendering these important ser-
vices and discharging these very considerable
trusts, absorbed in the business of the office,
so that he takes it home with him every night.
It goes with him in the evening and it returns
with him in the morning, and then it fills the
whole day. I think that such a public servant
does deserve recognition in some form. I have
for a long time felt that his compensation was
grossly inadequate. I have thought that his
salary ought directly to be raised; but after
consideration of the question in committee, and
after consultation with others who were sup-
posed to be good advisers in the matter, it
was thought best to make a recommendation
such as I have now moved, being the addition
of twenty per cent, to the compensation of all
the clerks in the Department. The argument
for that, let me add, seems to me to be com-
pletely enforced in the petition from these gen-
tlemen which has been read at the desk. I can
see no objection to it, especially after what we
have done for the clerks of the Treasury. Are
not these public servants at the State Depart-
ment as worthy as those public servants at the
Treasury?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatthe Senator lias
said shows that he has not investigated the
subject about which he is speaking. In the
first place, the salaries of the clerks of the
Treasury Department generally have not been
increased at all, in any way.
Mr. SUMNER. Some of them have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We made a provision
a year or two ago for the female employ6s who
received $f>00 a year, and for the messengers,
the mere laborers of the Department, giving
them an additional percentage; but we re-
fused utterly to raise the salary of the clerks
generally. What we did was simply this, and
it was the only way to reach it; in the Treasury
Department there are several clerks whose
services are absolutely indispensable; they are
very able men, and men who could be heads
of bureaus, who were absolutely necessary to
the working of the Department. They were
leaving us at the rate of eight or ten a week.
Why? Because they got salaries of §1,800
and $2,000, when they could go out of the
Department and receive $3,000, $3,500, and
$4,000; and we were losing them fast, so that
we could not carry on the business of some of
the bureaus. You could not supply their
places; that was out of the question; and for
that reason an appropriation was made out of
which the Secretary was empowered to in-
crease the salaries of certain clerks where he
thought the public interests required it. It
was the only way in which the business of the
Department could be kept on at all. But we
utterly refused to apply any portion of that
appropriation to raising the salaries generally
of the clerks in the Department. Since then,
the clerks who did not get any of it, and who
are overpaid, or paid amply—the first-class
clerks, for instance, who get $1,200, the mosj;
of whom do not earn any more than that, and
of whom you could get live thousand at any
time—made a howl about it, and said, "Here
you have been raising the salaries of persons
who receivc the biggest compensation, and not
given those who roccivc the least anything."
That is true in point of fact; but the reasons,
are perfectly'obvious. We were obliged to do
it. There is a very great difference in the
men. We could get plenty of boys at $1,200
a year, and it is all they earn, and probably
ample pay for them; but you cannot get ac-
complished, able men, who are fit to be presi-
dents and cashiers of banks, for anything like
that sum. The new banks that were made in
the cotmtry were taking these men out of the
Treasury Department every day in the week,
and the only way of meeting the difficulty was
precisely in the mode I have suggested.
Now, these clerks of the State Department
come in and ask for an increase of twenty per
cent., when that twenty per cent, increase has
not been given in any case to any of the clerks
in any of the Departments. I will say to the
Senator, if he proposes to make an increase
of the pay of the clerks there, the proper way
to do it is to ask the Secretary of State to rec-
ommend it in the first place. The difficulty
with the Secretary of State is, that he will not
recommend anything. He just sits there and
says, "G-o to Congress," and will not let us
know his opinion. If he thinks that the sal-
aries in his Department ought to be increased,
let him take the responsibility of saying so un-
der his hand, and saying what class of clerks
ought to be paid an increase, and how much,
and then we will consider it; but we cannot
get a word, and do not get a word, from the
State Department on the subject. They will
recommend nothing; but they will let the clerks
come here petitioning, without giving us the
information as to how much they ought to
receive and what classes ought to be made of
them.
In the next place, this is not the proper place
to put it. It should be put where we put all
such provisions, on the executive and legisla-
tive appropriation bill, which covers all the
expenses of all the Departments, and not on
the diplomatic and consular bill.
Mr. MORGAN. That bill has not yet been
passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ No, sir. The Senator
from Massachusetts will have abundance of
time to get information on this subject, and
prepare his amendment, and move it on that
bill; but it should not be placed on' this bill.
In the first place, the amendment is improper.
It raises the whole of these salaries twenty
per cent., without any distinction, without our
knowing anything about it; and then it is put
in the wrong place. Therefore I object en-
tirely and absolutely to this proposition.
But while doing that, I cannot close without
saying that I concur fully in all that has been
said by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts with reference to the merits and the claims
of Mr. Hunter, the chief clerk of that Depart-
ment. He has been there for years, and espe-
cially through the war, without saying a word,
on a very inadequate salary—one of the most
faithful and valuable men in the Government.
He is absolutely poor and hardly able to scratch
along. Much of the time he has been acting
Secretary of Stifce. He has received but a
small salary without complaining, absolutely
poor, with a family upon him. He is one of
the most valuable men there is, or has been,
connected with the Government for years. I
coincide with what the Senator from Massa-
chusetts said of him, and I think we ought to
increase his salary. That is my opinion, and
I should be glad to have an opportunity to
do it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us do it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is. not the_place
to put it on, and I object entirely to hdving it
here. Why insist on having it here?
Mr. SUMNER. I will tell you. I have a
reason.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw the amendment
now pending and substitute for it a proposition
to increase, and increase to a respectable ex-
tent, the salary of Mr. Hunter; and £ beg to
say to the honorable chairman who has this
bill in charge, that although it may appear
irregular to affix it here, the compliment well
deserved will be the greater to Mr. Hunter if
we embtaee the earliest opportunity to render
him a measure of simple justice. I will not
undertake to add anything to the well-earned
reputation of that distinguished gentleman and
faithful public servant; but I am prepared to
