598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 2,
in England, that property In slaves was then
recognized in England, and that -the sale of
staves was a good and sufficient consideration
to uphold a contract and a suit and a recovery
upon that contract in "Westminster Hall. And
what did ho decide? He simply decided noth-
ing else bat this: that there were luns in Eng-
land passed by Parliament that were incompat-
ible with the owner of Sommersctt taking him
forcibly from England back to a slave colony
in the West Indies; that these laws required
him to issue a writ of habeas carpus discharg-
ing Sommersett from the ship in which he was
held a prisoner with the purpose of being trans-
ported to one of the British West India islands.
He decided, furthermore, thatbutfor those laws,
which were incompatible with that amount of
restraint and coercion which the owner of Som-
mersett was endeavoring to exercise over him.
he would not have granted the writ of habeas
corpus, and it would have been impossible to
do so. If any gentleman will read that case,
he will fmd that Lord Mansfield slated that
there were fifteen thousand slaves at that time
on i.he island of England ; fifteen thousand Af-
ricans held in slavery, estimated by him to have
been worth £700,000; and he states in the
clearest and most, explicit language that if any
of those fifteen thousand slaves were sold in
England and a note executed for the piice, the
sale would he a good and sufficient considera-
tion to maintain the coutiact and to authoiize
a judgment upon that contract before him, or
before any of the courts of the kingdom.
But 1 go on ; I beg pardon for this digres-
sion. f maintain 1 hat a negro cannot be made
a citizen by Congress; he cannot lie made a
citizen by any naturalization laws, because the
naturalization laws apply to foreigners alone.
No man can shake the legal truth of that posi-
tion. They apply to foreigners alone; and a
negro, an Indian, or any other person born
within the United States, not being a foreigner,
cannot be naturalized; therefore they cannot
be made citizens by the uniform rule established
by Congress under the. Constitution, and there
is no other rule. Congress has 110 power, as I
said before, to naturalize a citizen. 'I'liey could
not be made citizens by treaty. ' If they are
made so at all, it is by their birth, and the lo-
cality of their birth, and the general operation
and effect of our Constitution. If they are so
made citizens, that question is a judicial ques-
tion, not a legislative question. Congress has
no power to enlarge or extend any of the pro-
visions of the Constitution which bear upon the
birth or citizenship of negroes or Indians born
in the United Slates. All the provisions, all
the principles, all the rights which (lie Consti-
tution established in relation to those matters
are fixed, immutable a« the Constitution itself,
and Congress fry no ancillary legislation can
enlarge the effect or the operation of any of
those provisions or principles of the Constitu-
tion or of any lights that could be claimed
under them. Then, if a negro is a citizen of
the United Slates at all, he is a citizen by birth
and by operation of the Constitution, and his
rights are not to be increased or fortified, nor
can they be weakened or restricted or dimin-
ished by congressional legislation. He holds
them by a higher warrant than any law of Con-
gress. lie holds them by the Constitution of
the United States. That Constitution cannot
be interpreted even, much le.-s can it be ex-
panded or restiicted b) a law of Congress.
V> hat, then, does my amendment propose?
It incorporates the provision of the Constitu-
tion relative to the rights of a citizen in one
State in other States; ilrecognizes those lights,
and declares that they exist under and accord-
ing to the terms and ianiruage of that clause of
the Constitution, and it then adopts the peiuil
sanction which the honorable Senator from
Illinois ha? provided in bis bill, and it declares
that any person who deprives any citizen what-
ever oi anv rights under that clause of the Con-
Siw.tur.n commits a misdemeanor, and shall be
subhvi (" the penalties denounced by the bill.
Mr. Pro-idcnt. if there was any despot in
Europe or m the world that wanted a master
architect in framing and putting together a
despotic and oppressive law, I would, if my
slight voice could reach him, by all means say
to him, seek the laboratory of the Senator from
Illinois. If he has not proved himself an adept
in this kind of legislation, unconstitutional, un-
just, oppressive, iniquitous, unwise, impolitic,
calculated to keep forever a severance of the
Union, to exclude from all their constitutional
rights, privileges, and powers under the Gov-
ernment eleven States of the Union—if he has
not devised such a measure as that, I have not
reason enough to comprehend it. What does
it do ?
It attempts to confer, by the first section, upon
all the inhabitants of the United States, of
every race and color, wheresoever resident in
them, the right to make and enforce contracts;
to sue, be parties, and give evidence; to in-
herit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey
real and personal property; and the full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for
the security of person and property; and it
exempts them from all punishment, pains, and
penalties except such as are common and uni-
form to all the people. If that is not cen-
tralizing with a vengeance and by wholesale, I
do not know what" is. Here the honorable
Senator in one short bill breaks down all the
domestic systems of law that prevail ill all the
Slates, so far not only as the negro, bat as any
man without regard to color is concerned, and
he breaks down all the penal laws that inflict
punishment or penalty upon all the peSple of
the States except so far as those laws shall bo
entirely uniform in their application. To the
extent that' there is any variance in those laws,
this short bill breaks them down. To the ex-
tent that a negro is by them subjected lo a se-
verer punishment than a white man, this short
bill repeals all the penal laws of the States.
In relation to the citizens of a State, to their
rights, privileges, and immunities, as the}'are
to be claimed within that State now and for-
ever, it proposes to do exactly what all these
authorities say Congress cannot do, because
they say in the most distinct terms that the cit-
izens of each State, so far as their rights are
limited by the boundary of that State, so far as
their property and contracts arc limited to that
State, so far as penalties and punishments are
limited to acts done within that State, aie ex-
clusively the subjects of State legislation, and
Congress has no power whatever to legislate in
lelation to them.
The second section declares all persons who
shall subject or cause to be subjected any per-
son to the deprivation of any right secured or
protected by the first section to be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and that the punishment shall
be a line not exceeding $1,000 and imprison-
ment not exceeding twelve months, one or both,
at the discretion of the court.
1 ha\e before me the law of the Senator's
own .State, which makes it a highly penal offense
for aiij ollicer who is authorized to issue a mar-
riage license to issue a license for the marriage
of a white person and a negro. I need not
read the law. It makes if a highly penal of-
fense for any preacher of the gospel to solem-
nize such a marriage. What does the gentle-
man's bill do? If the clerk issues such a license
and the license is consummated by a preacher
marrying the negro with the white person, the
nciro has incurred a penalty !a" the laws of
Illinois for which he mavbfc prosecuted. Sup-
pose the negro is indicted for this offense, and
Ik is tried by a jury and convicted, and the
judge s elite ncef, him to the penalty denounced by
the law, what application, then, has the honor-
able Senator's bill? All the parties who were
engaged in bringing this negro to a punishment
to which a white person wdio had committed
the same act would not be—the grand jury, the
petit jury, the judge, and the oflieer of the law
who is about to carry the judgment of the court
into execution, would all. according to the
honorable Senator's bill, be guilty of a misde-
meanor. and each of them would be subject to
a fine of not exceeding $1,000 and imprison-
ment not exceeding twelve months, one or both,
at the discretion of the court. Does the hon-
orable Senator think such a law would be con-
stitutional and valid in relation to parties who
had been born in the State of Illinois, and who
were liv ing there ?
Let me put the case from my own State, which
I mentioned when the other bill was pending.
By the law of my State a negro who commits a
rape upon a white woman is subject to death,
as he ought to be; and he ought to die, and I
hope he always will die for any sueh offense.
When that offense is committed by a white man,
it is punished by confinement in the penitential^-
for a term of years. What does the Senator's
bill say? That any man or any court or any
officer of the law who presumes to iuflict upon a
negro a different punishment than that to which
a white man is subject for the same act, shall
himself be regarded as an offender against the
law. liable to pay a penalty of $1,000, or to im-
prisonment not exceeding twelve months, or
both, at the discretion of the court. Does the
honorable Senator mean to assume the position
that the State of Kentucky has not the right to
punish a negro who has committed that enor-
mous offense by death, when it punishes a
white man wdio commits it by a different mode
and different degree of punishment? Does he
say that the judges and officers who are sworn
to uphold the constitution of the State of Ken-,
tucky, and to enforce her laws, by carrying this
law into operation can be guilty of a high mis-
demeanor against the Government of the Uni-
ted States that shall subject them to the pains
and penalties of his bill? Sir, it'is preposter1
ous, it is absurd and unsound to the last degree.
The Congress of the United States have no right
to take jurisdiction over such a case or the par-
ties to such a transaction. They have no right
to declare and to denounce such punishment
against the State courts and State officers for
thus executing the constitutions and penal laws
of the States.
These are only examples. The cases would
occur everyday; they would be more numerous
than the fleeting minutes. The cases of wrong
and outrage would be innumerable upon the
reserved rights of the States, upon their powers
to legislate for their own domestic concerns, in
relation to their own people, the punishment
of their own people, the property and estates
and transactions and contracts of their own
people. All these subjects belong to the States
exclusively, and Congress cannot, without usur-
pation and a violation of the Constitution, in-
terfere with them. The cases of offense and
misdemeanor that in these respects the hon-
orable Senator's bill would bring up every day
in the United States would bo as numerous
as the passing minutes. The result would be
to utterly subvert our Government; it would
be wholly incompatible with its principles, with
its provisions, or with its spirit. It would leave
the General Government no longer a limited
Government of delegated authority, with no
powers except those expressly or by necessary
implication given to it by the Constitution. It
would produce a perfect and despotic central
consolidated Government. All the State gov-
ernments ■ and State constitutions would be
brought in ruins prostrate to the feet, of the
oligarchy of Congress—an oligarchy more des-
potic than that of the Council of Fi\ c Iiundied
or the Council of 'Ten of Venice, or any other
council of despotism that ever was organized.
The bill is outrageous. I am amazed that
any man of intelligence wdio has read law can
shut his eyes against its enormous unconstitu-
tionality. The men who do so, if they are hon-
est, are forgetting their knowledge of the Con-
stitution; and they have only to let that disease
of forgetfulness go a little further, and they will
know nothing at all about it.
Section three provides that all suits brought
in State courts that come within the purview of
the previous sections may be removed into the
Federal courts. See what an enormous, op-
pressive provision of the honorable Senator's
bill that is. Here is a suit in a State court
between parties who are resident in the State,
who have never had residence out of it, about a
