1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
262'3
• say that, notwithstanding the objections of the
chairmanpf the Finance Committee, Iwillvqte
"on this occasion or any other occasion to in-
crease Mr. Hunter's salary; and I hope the
honorable chairman will not object to it on
this bill.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. I will very thoroughly
throughout, becauseit is irregular. There is
no occasion for putting on here what belongs
to the other bill. There is no reason why it
should be put in here. He will get his money
just as soon if we increase his salary on the
other bill as on this.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate seems not dis-
, posed to accept the proposition in the form in
which I have presented it. I had thought that
the form which is now on your table would on
the whole be the most acceptable,and I thought
also it was in harmony with what had been
done with reference to the Treasury Depart-
ment. I am to a certain extent corrected by
the Senator from Maine in that respect, though
the Senate will observe that the statement in
the petition which has been road at the desk
is to the effect that the clerks of the Treasury
Department have had an increase of twenty
' per cent, on their compensation. That is the
statement there. I confess I made no inquiry
on that subject. I took the statement as it
appeared in that petition, and I thought it
advisable that what we did should be applica-
ble ,to all the clerks in the Department of
State ; but Senators around me seem to think
otherwise; I do not wish to have a division
upon it; and therefore I will withdraw that
proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. SUMNER. At the same time I thank
* my friend from California for the earnest sup-
port which he promises in advance to the amend-
ment which 1 propose to substitute in its place;
and I thank the'Senator from Maine for the
good words which he has said in favor of the
proposition practically; and I think I shall
show in one minute that the objection of form
which he makes does not apply. I will send,
therefore, to the Chair this proposition, which,
as it is in my own handwriting, I will read:
That tho compensation of William Hunter, Esq.,
chief clerk of the Department of State, be at the rate
of $3,500 a year; and a sufficient sum is heroby ap-
propriated for this purpose, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the salary now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Two thousand dollars.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no ; it is too high.
Mr. SUMNER. And now for the question
of form; this amendment is to come in after
section two, which is in these words:
That the President bo, and he is hereby, authorized
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, an officer in the Department of State, to
be called "Solicitor to the Department of State," at
an annual salary of $3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is hero now.
Mr. SUMNER. I say that is here now; and
I say, because that is here now I put immedi-
ately after it tho proposition with reference to
Mr. Hunter. If this proposition with reference
to the Solicitor is proper in form, on this bill,
all the Senate will see that the proposition with
reference to the chief clerk of the Department
of State must be equally in form. There can
be no objection to one, in point of form, which
does not hold to the other.
Now, I am in favor of both propositions; and
even if either proposition should seem to be a
little out of the way, a little of a deflection from
that straight line which the Senator from Maine
Mkes to run with in all his appropriation bills,
yet I think the goodness of the cause which he
himself has so ably commended must induce
him to forget for a moment the sternness of
duty and to allow his bill to depart for a mo-
ment from that straight line which he likes so
much to pursue. I think, therefore, the objec-
tion of form fails simply because in this very
bill we have another proposition which has
already passed the House of Representatives,
which has passed the committee that the.Sen-
ator from Maine represents on this floor, which
in point of form is identical with that which I
now offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was at the end of section two to insert:
And that tho compensation of William Hunter,
Esq., chief clcrk of the Department of State, be at
the rate of $3,500, and a suffloient sum is hereby ap-
propriated for this purpose out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated. %
Mr. GRIMES. Everybody agrees that Mr.
Hunter is a very valuable public servant, and
has been for a long time, and I suppose that
everybody would be willing to recognize his
services in making him proper compensation ;
but it seems to me the form of this is exceed-
ingly objectionable. If we adopt this and
specify to-day that such a sum shall be paid to
William Hunter,- as chief clerk of the Depart-
ment of State, to-morrow some other Senator
will get up and pronounce a eulogy on some
other clerk of the Department, and propose to
give him a higher salary.
Mr. SUMN Ell. Wtien that is done we shall
consider that case.
Mr. GRIMES. But we shall have our ap-
propriation bills loaded down ; that is exactly
the way it will bo done. It wiy be done when-
ever an appropriation bill comes up, and we
shall be placed here in a very delicate situa-
tion. W e shall be called upon to pass on the
merits of men that we know, that we meet
every day in social life, and whether we decide
for them or against them will be considered
according as we may vote.
Mr. CONNESS. There is not another case
like this in tho public service.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am not certain of that.
There are men who have been in the public
employment here for forty years, and who have
done labor just as assiduously, probably, as Mr.
Hunter. They and their friends think so, at
any rate. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and tho Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, May 16, 18CG.
Tho House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RICHARD CIIENISRY.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the rslief of Richard Chenery;
which was read a iirst and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
• SAFETY OF STEAMBOAT PASSENGERS.
Mr.WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. Mr.Speaker,
there is a bill which has been ordered to be
reported by the Committee on Commerce in
regard to the safety of passengers on steam-
boats. It contains very many important pro-
visions which the public interests demand
should be passed without delay. As I am
compelled to be away after to-day, the com-
mittee have instructed me to ask that the bill
shall be considered this morning.
ft contains a provision in reference to nitro-
glycerine, a new and dangerous substance. ■
It also contains a provision in reference to
crude petroleum. A construction has been
given to the law which prevents tho shipment
of that article. The committee, after full exam-
ination, think there should be a modification
of that ruling as it interferes with commercc in
this most valuable product.
It is House bill No. 477, further to provide
for the safety of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, to regulate the salaries of steamboat
inspectors, and for other purposes.
The bill was read.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask whether the bill con-
tains a provision regulating the compensation
of pilots on the Ohio river.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Nothing
whatever regulating the compensation of pilots.
There is a provision in regard to pilots, but it
has nothing to do with compensation.
Mr. BERGEN objected, but afterward with-
drew his objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time. ' - -
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays oh
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. . j
The bill wag then passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I move to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES presented additional papers in
the case of Fuller vs. Dawson; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. D ARLIN G. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 am recorded as not voting yesterday
on the proposition to strike out the ninth sec-
tion of the bill to amend the organic acts of
the Territories. I never dodge. I voted in the
negative on striking out that section.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk did not hear
the gentleman's response. The Journal will
be corrected.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iam recorded as not voting
on the proposition to strike out the ninth sec-
tion of the territorial bill. The reason was that
I happened to be absent. I was called out, by
a constituent. Had I been here I would have
voted against striking out that scction.
Mr. COBB. I, too, was absent when that
vote was taken. I would have voted against
striking out the ninth section. I was attending
to my duties as chairman of the Committee on
Enrolled Bills.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
in the morning hour is the calling of the com-
mittees for reports, commencingwith the Com-
mittee on Patents.
DELIA A. JACOBS.
Mr. MYERS, from tho Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Delia A. Jacobs ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was road in full. It authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents to extend the patent
for an improved method of dressing tree-nails
for seven years to Delia A. Jacobs, late Delia
A. Fitzgerald, the original term having expired
August 28, 1863.
Mr. TAYLOR. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. MYERS. I will explain this in a few
words. The bill is simply to correct an error
that occurred in the Patent Office. An exten-
sion was refused on the supposition that certain
testimony, showing that the extension was to
inure to the benefit of the applicant, was not
submitted. The Commissioner appeared before
the committee and stated that the evidence
was in his office at the time, but was not brought
to his notice. We desire to correct that error
and allow the extension.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania when the patent expired.
Mr. MYERS. It expired August 28, 1863.
The application, however, was made in due
time. Further than that, there is a provision
in the bill to prevent any injury accruing to
others by the delay.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would ask whether other
persons have not engaged in the business.
Mr. MYERS. It appeared fully that no other
persons have been using this patent since its
expiration. There is a general desire^h&t this
administratrix, who was the widow of the pat-
entee, shall have the benefit of the extension.
Mr. TAYLOR. It seems that it is sonie time
since the patent expired, and other parties may
have engaged iri the business.
