1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
trail saeti on that has transpired wholly within the
Strife. Who has the right, what power has the
right, to prescribe a code to regulate such mat-
ters, and to try the parties? The State, no au-
thority but the State. Congress has no power
over such parties and over such subjects of suit—
not a particle. Your own courts have so de-
cided : the Constitution so reads; reasoif can-
not doubt the truth of that position. All such
cases and contracts and persons are exclusively
within the control of State authority, State law,
and State courts; and yet where those State
laws and those State courts are resorted to for
the redress of such wrongs, your act comes in
and most unjustly and unconstitutionally and
oppressively provides for the removal of all
such cases into the Federal courts.
The fourth section icquires the United States
attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals, to
institute both penal proceedings and civil suits,
in the names of persons who may be injured
by any violations of the letter of this act, at
the cost of the United States, and authorizes
the United States courts to appoint commis-
sioners without limit in point of number, to
enforce this act. What is the effect of that?
This is an act for the benefit of the free negro,
not the white man. If there had been no free
negro, this act never would have been heard of.
What does it provide? If, according to the
letter of this unconstitutional, void, and iniqui-
tous act, a free negro's lights are infringed, the
attorneys and marshals of the United States are
required to institute both civil and penal pro-
ceedings for the benefit of the negro, to bring
a criminal prosecution oil behalf of the United
States, and also a suit in the name of the negro,
against the white othcers who infringe his rights
under this act, and these suits, civil and penal,
are to be prosecuted for the benefit of the negro
at the cost of the Treasury of the United States.
Sir, when was the white man so favored by con-
gressional legislation? When did the learned
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
introduce a bill that, where the rights of a white
man were impugned or violated, it should be
the duty of the attorneys and the nfarahals and
the deputy marshals of the United States both
to prosecute penally and to sue civilly in the
name of the negro for his violated rights, and
to sue at the cost of th,e Treasury of the Uni-
ted States? It is a most diabolical feature.
Section five vests these commissioners with
judicial powers to enforce the act. I have read
repeatedly from the Constitution of the United
States the express and emphatic words that all
the judicial power of the Government is vested
in the Supreme Court and in such inferior courts
as Congress may from time to time establish;
but here the honorable Senator's bill authorizes
the courts of the United States to appoint com-
missioners without number, legions of them.
The names of these commissioners are not sub-
mitted to the Senate of the United States for
confirmation. They are not courts, they are no
part of the judicial branch of the Government;
they are not officers nominated by the Presi-
dent and approved of and consented to by the
Senate: they are appointed by the will, the
dictum of the courts. In times of heated po-
litical presidential contests the Executive may
co\er the face of the country with them, and
these men might go on, against the Constitu-
tion of the United States, exercising judicial
power under this lawless and unconstitutional
act. eontrollingthe voters of the land, imprison-
ing and fining, or bringing up for imprisonment
and fine, and other modes of punishment, all
the contumacious, all the free citizens of Amer-
ica that would not vote according to their be-
hest. And this enormous power of creating
such a numerous tribe of myrmidons with des-
potic power is vested by this bill in the courts,
and these officials are to exercise judicial pow-
ers !
The sixth section requires the marshals aud
deputy marshals to execute all pro cesses issuing
in virtue of this act, under the penalty of SI,000,
and authorizes the commissioners to call to the
aid of such marshals and deputy marshals the
bystanders, the^posse comilaius, and then the
Army and the Navy of the United States. Yes,
sir, here is a law made almost eo nomine, made
unquestionably for the benefit of the free ne-
gro and in violation of the Constitution, and
the marshals are required, under the penalty
of S 1,000 for every instance of defalcation, to
execute the process under this void and uncon-
stitutional law, and if they fail to do so the
commissioner is authorized by this most mon-
strous and abominable bill to summon every by-
stander to aid the marshal in the execution of
this unconstitutional law, to summon the posse
comitatus of the county in which the process is
to be executed to aid in it, and, if necessary,
to summon the entire Army and Navy of the
United States to execute such void process.
When, sir, was such partiality ever shown for
the white man, the sovereign, citizen, and lord
of this land—him who made the Government,
who won its independence, who established, as
he thought, the deep and firm foundations of
a free Government in a written Constitution,
and whose mission it is to uphold and to defend
that Government for himself and for his latest
posterity? When was such partial, unjust, and
iniquitous legislation devised for the white man
who achieved all this good for his country and
for the world? Never, never. But the negro
and his insane friends bring up now for the first
time such monstrous legislation.
There is another most remarkable feature.
All persons who violate the rights of the
negro under this act are subjected by it to two
penalties of §1,000 each, one for the benefit
of (hi; United States, and the other for the
benefit of the injured negro in the form of liqui-
dated damages. The honorable Senator knows
what liquidated damages are, and so does every
lawyer. When damages are liquidated they are
no longer a penally or in the nature of a pen-
alty. When they are liquidated by the law, the
whole of the nominal amount may be collected
without regard to the heinousness of the case
in which they are due. Here now is an act
that creates two separate penalties on a default-
ing officer. If the officer assumes not to exe-
cute the process because it is void, being under
an unconstitutional lav.', he is subjected to
two penalties. The honorable Senator must
be a lineal descendant of Draco of old. He
imposes two penalties of $1,000 each, one
for the benefit of the United States, and the
other for the benefit of the free negro whose
rights, according to the letter of this monstrous
and unconstitutional law, have been violated;
and the penalty iti favor of the free negro is as-
sessed in the form of liquidated damages, and
the mandate of the court goes inexorably to the
marshal to pay to the negro his §1,000 liqui-
dated damages. The contest may be about a
cow, or a month's work, or some other trifle
of no significance; the white man may be
right and the negro wrong; the n hole proceed-
ing may be void: but without regard to these
questions, the marshal is inexorably to execute
the writ; and if he is guilty of any defalcation,
any neglect in the energetic pursuit of the party
named in the process, he incurs two penalties
of $1,000 ea<jji. That to the Government of I
the United States may be ameliorated; the j
President may remit it; or it may be decided
by the courts that the real amount of damage
sustained by the negro, and not the penalty, is
the criterion of the recovery against the marshal
for the first SI.000; but no such mitigation or
defense can be brought up for the seeoiul. The
second is for the benefit of the negro. Xo law
relaxes when the penalty is for the benefit of the
negro. No law can be mitigated by justice, by
mercy, or by humanity, when its enforcement
is for the benefit of the negro; it is as unalter-
able as the laws of the Medes and Persians, and
as inexorable as tyranny itself.
The eighth section of this bill ghes a fee to
the commissioner of ten dollars in every case
and five dollars to the marshal for every arrest.
The ninth section makes the courts of the Uni-
ted States aud all their officers and parapher-
nalia tributary to the execution of this law. and
the tenth section provides for the use of the
Army and the Navy and the militia to carry out
this execution of justice to the negro.
Mr. President, was it for these fruits and
these laws that we went into tliis war? Was it
for these fruits and these laws and these op-
pressions that two million and a quarter of men
were ordered into the field? Was it that the
American people might enjoy these as the fruits
of the triumphant close of this war that hun-
dreds of thousands of them'havo been mutilated
on the battle-field and by the diseases of the
camp, and that a debt of four or five thousand
million dollars has been left upon the coun-
try ? If these are to be the results of the war,
better that not a single man had been marshaled
in the field nor a single star worn by one of our
officers. Those military gentlemen think they
have a right to command and control every-
where. They do it. They think they have a
right to do it here, and we are sheep in the
hands of our shearers. We are dumb.
illr. President, I do not know how soon, for
my action on the present occasion, I shall be
compelled to silence by the military power of
my country, by the men who ought to be sub-
ordinate to the civil power. When the Father
of his Country surrendered his military*eom-
mission, his proudest and most glorious boast
was that he had always kept the military
subordinate to the civil power. Times have
changed. The military power is now rampant
and triumphant, and all wo have to do is to
bow our heads. But I live in the hope that a
better day is coming, when the proudest mili-
tary man in the land, with all his bloody laurels,
will find that he is but an instrument in the
hands of the law, and that he has to yield the
same submission to the law that the humblest
citizen of the land does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I will
occupy a very few moments of the attention of
the Senate after this long harangue of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, which ho closed by declar-
ing that we are dumb in the presence of mili-
t ary power. If he has satisfied the Senate that
he is dumb, I presume he has satisfied the Sen-
ate of all the other positions he has taken; and
the others are just about as absurd as that dec-
laration. He denounces-this bill as "outrage-
ous," "most monstrous," '• abominable,"
"oppressive," "iniquitous," "unconstitution-
al." "void."
Now, what is this bill that is obnoxious to
such terrible epithets? It is a bill providing
that all people shall have equal rights. Is not
that abominable? Is not that iniquitous? Is
not that most monstrous? Is not that terrible
on white men? [Laughter.] When was such
legislation as this ever thought of for white men ?
Sir, this bill applies to white men as well as
black men. It declares that all persons in the
United States shall be entitled to the same civil
rights, the right to the fruit of their own labor,
the right to make contracts, the right to buy and
sell, and enjoy-liberty and happiness ; and that
is abominable and iniquitous and unconstitu-
tional ! Could anything be more monstrous or
more abominable than for a member of the Sen-
ate to rise in his place and denounce with such
epithets as these a bill, the only object of which
is to secure equal rights to all the citizens of the
country, a bill that protects a white man ju st as
much as a black man ? With what consistency
and with what face can a Senator in his place
here say to the Senate and the country that this
is a bill'for the benefit of black men exclusively
when there is no such distinction in it, and w lieu
the very object of the bill is to bieak down all
discrimination between black men and white
men ?
Now sir, what becomes of all the Senator's
denunciation? The bill is applicable exclu-
sively to civil rights. It docs not propose to
lcgulate the political rights of individuals: it
has nothing to do with the right of suffrage, or
any other political right; but i* simply intended
to carry out a constitutional provision, and guar-
anty to every person of evu*y color the same
civil rights. That is all there is to it. That is
