1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The follow ing bills from tlie House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 207) to amend an act en-
titled ''An act to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government,'' approved
March 3, 18G5—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. It. No. 360) to reimburse the State
of Pennsylvania for moneys advanced Govern-
ment for war purposes—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (EL 11. No. 3Go) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill (H. II. No. 394) for the relief of the
estate ol' E. W. Eddy—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. It. No. 420) to provide arms and
ammunition for the defense of the inhabitants
of Dakota Territory—to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (II. It. No. 421.) for the relief of James
G. Holland, late acting assistant paymaster
United States Navy—to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
A bill (H. It. No. i22) for the relief of Mrs.
Ann 1*1. Smoot, widow of Captain Joseph
Smoot.—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 101) for the
relief of certain officers of the Army—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 102) for the
relief of Alexander Thompson, late United
States consul at Maranham—to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. LINE, of Indiana, presented the me-
morial of Conrad Baker, Lieutenant Governor,
acting as Governor of Indiana, praying that the
transfer of the United States general hospital at
Jeifcfsonville, Indiana, and the personal prop-
erty belonging thereto, heretofore made by the
War Department to the State of Indiana, may
be confirmed as a donation to the State of In-
diana, for the benefit of soldiers and seamen
of that iState disabled in the service of the Uni-
ted States: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions nu-
merously signed by citizens of Ohio, praying
for an increase of the duty on foreign wool so
as to make the protection afforded to the wool-
grower equal to thai, given fhe manufacturer ;
which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. SHERMAN. T also present preambles
and resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of Cincinnati, remonstrating against
the expenditure of any money by the national
Government for the construction of the Illinois
ship-canal or the Niagara ship-canal, setting out
that in the view of the memorialists it would
be unwise at this time for the Government to
embark in new enterprises that will involve a
large outlay of money, and praying that Con-
gress will "confine itself to the completion of
works now in progress of an acknowledged
national character. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I present a memorial
of brewers in the city of Madison, State of In-
diana, representing that a large portion of the
barlev used in the manufacture of malt liquors
has been heretofore received from Canada, per-
haps one half." and sold in this country; that
the best quality of malt liquors have been pro-
duced" from Canada barley ; and that it will be
impossible to import barley from Canada under
the tax which will be imposed upon it on^the
termination of the reciprocity treaty. They
desire no special legislation for the protection
of their business, but 'ask that in arranging the
tariff between the 11 nited states and the British
Provinces in North America, the duty on barley
may he fixed at a rate which will^nol loosen the
manufacture of malt liquors, or induce the use
of foreign ingredients". I presume Uiis_memo-
rial ought .to be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations as it asks for a regulation by
treaty. I move its reference to that committee.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying for the adop-
tion of an international copyright law; which
was referred to the' Committee oil Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer four different
petitions from citizens of Pennsylvania, remind-
ing Congress of the guarantee in the Constitu-
tion of a republican form of government to
every State in the Union, and calling upon Con-
gress by constitutional amendment and other-
wise to provide for the enforcement of that
guarantee. I ask the reference of these peti-
tions to the-committee of fifteen.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer nineteen peti-
tions, they arc the same in language, from cit-
izens of Louisiana. As the petition is very
brief, I will read it precisely as it is:
To the honorable the Setutte anil House of Representa-
tives of the United Slates of America in Congress as-
sembled:
The petition of the undersigned, inhabitants-of
Louisiana, respectfully represent, Unit, m then- judg-
ment, the inhabitants of Louisiana should not bo ad-
mitted atonce into the Union as a State. but that a
preliminary system of government should be estab-
lished by act of Congress, to endure so lopg as may
be necessary to test the fidelity of the population to
the Government of the United States, and to accus-
tom the habitants to exercise in peace and harmony
the rights and duties of self-government.
Your petitioners further represent, that, in their
opinion, the tranquillity of the country, the require-
ments of our lepubliean system, the. principles of nat-
ural justice, and sound policy urge you to reestab-
lish Slate governments here and elsewhere, on the
principles of cyuahty of political privileges i'or all
loyal men of all races and conditions.
Wherefore your petitioners pray, the premises.con-
sidered, that you may be pleased to enactalaw estab-
lishing here a preliminary s>stein of government
founded on the theory of equal political privileges
before the law, for all men without distinction of
race.
I ask the reference of these nineteen peti-
tions to the committee on reconstruction.
They were so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER piescntcd a memorial of
the common council of the village of Albion,
Calhoun county, Michigan, praying for an ex-
tension of the land grant to the Amboy, Lan-
sing, and Traverse Bay railroad ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of brewers of
the city of Detroit, Michigan, praying for a re-
duction of the duty on bailey imported from
the British Provinces of North America; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. 110 WARD presented ten memorials nu-
merously signed by citizens of Michigan remon-
strating against the application of the Amboy,
Lansing, and Traverse Ray land grant upon the
present line of that road from Lansing to Jack-
sonville, in the State Of Michigan; and against
giving any portion of said grant to the Amboy,
Lansing, and Traverse 15ay Railroad Company ;
which were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Virginia, praying for the establishment of a
territorial government for that State; which
were referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
Mr. NESMITII presented a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Idaho, in favor of the appointment of a sur-
veyor general for that 'Territory, and that it be
made a separate and distinct district; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of female
employ6s of the Treasury Department, pray-
! ing for an increase of compensation; which
j was referred to the Committee on Finance.
| He also presented the memorial of .fames
i Monroe Manning, a private in the third rcgi-
j merit, Massachusetts'cavalry, praying that he
, may be allowed bounty: which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
I He also presented a petition of citizens of
! Massachusetts, praying that such conditions
; be imposed upon the rebel States as shall pun-
| ish treason and reward loyalty with confidence
I and honor, and which shall demand as an evi-
dence of sincere loyalty and good faith on the
part of those States, the abolition of all dis-
tinctions on account of color or raeej which
was referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
the American Industrial Agency, praying for a
reduction of the rate of interest on so <1111011 of
the public debt as may be made the basis of
the issue of bank notes, to die payable in cur-
rency and the principal _ convertible_into the
legal currency of the United States as a means
of terminating foreign speculations in American
securities and^if furnishing ample means of
giving employment to our own labor; which,
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. D00L1TTLE presented the memorial
of Henry T. Fuller, Charles E. Dyer, and others,
members of the bar of the circuit court of the
United States for the district of Wisconsin,
praying that the district of Wisconsin may be
annexed to the eighth judicial circuit; which,
was referred to thc'Coinmittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of an ad valorem
tax upon cigars: which was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a memorial of the North
American Lloyd Steamship Company, praying
that a subsidy of $300,000 per annum for this
and the next four years may be granted them
for carrying the mail from New York to South-
ampton and Bremen and back twice per month
each way, and that additional compensation
may be allowed them when the service shall
be made weekly; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roods.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask leave to present,
also, the petition of Hon. Wyman Spooner, the
Lieutenant Governor of the Slate of'Wiseonsin,
and II. D. Barron, Speaker of the Assembly,
and other members of the Legislature and offi-
cers of the State, asking Congress to give such
judicious and sufficient aid as will hasten the
completion of ,tlic sliip-canal connecting Lake
Erie with Lake Ontario and the Hudson river;
second, the improvement of the Fox and Wis-
consin rivers; third, the enlargement of the
Illinois and Michigan canal and the improve-
ment of the Illinois river ; and fourth, the im-
provement of the rapids, and the removal of
obstructions in the Mississippi and other rivers.
1 move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition numer-
ously signed by officers of the Army of the
United States stationed on the northwestern
frontier, representing that the increased cost
of living since the establishment of the present
rates of compensation, an increase that has
mainly arisen in the last few years, having
rendered it entirely inadequate for their ab-
solutely necessary wants and requirements,
leaves tliem no recourse but an appeal to the
justice and liberality of their countrymen, and
praying for an increase of their compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia. _ .
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, in favor of
an appropriation for the improvement of tlie
navigation of the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of an extension
of the time for providing an agricultural col-
lege in said State; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. T ■
Ho also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the construction of a light-house at
Beaver bay, 011 Lake Superior, in that State;
which were referred to the Conimitee on Com-
311GTCC.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of Alton, Illinois, praying for the
enactment of equal and just laws for the regu-
lation of inter-Slate insurances; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
