8584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
for property taken qjay come forward and prove
their cases, and let us wait awhile at any rate
before we open the Treasury of the United
States to the innumerable claims that will be
made, for I take it that every man that has lost
a horse or an ox or a bushel of corn or any-
thing else during the war by our armies or by
the rebel armies will try to find his way to the
Treasury of the United States to get pay. The
rebel treasury is gone; they cannot go there
for it; and we shall not only have to pay mil-
lions of dollars for what our own armies took,
but for what was taken by the rebel armies, if
we are to allow those who have not the cer-
tificates of an Army officer that they had their
property taken at all to make up cases. I take
it there is no difficulty in making up a case.
We all know the oaths that have been violated
during this war. Wo know the oaths that have
been taken sinde the surrender of Lee's army.
We all know that oaths have come to be of very
little account when they are in any way directly
or indirectly connected with this rebellion, so
far as any persons that have opposed the Gov-
ernment are concerned. I hope, sir, that this
amendment will be adopted, that we shall deal
with the loyal people who have certificates from
officers of the United States that their property
was t^ken for the use of our armies, and that
persons who have no such certificates will, at
any rate, not be provided for at the present
time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much surprised
at some part of the observations of my friend
from Massachusetts, particularly in respect to
the state of entire treason which he supposes
to have existed at the South, and which seems
to be the basis of his opposition, in a degree,
at any rate, to the repayment to loyal, patri-
otic men, if there be any such there, of the cost
of supplies which went to furnish our armies.
I have always been taught to believe that when
this rebellion broke out there were thousands
and hundreds of thousands of citizens of the
southern States who were just as loyal, in the
highest- sense of the term, to this Government
and to our flag as the Senator from Massachu-
setts was, or as myself.
Mr. WILSON. I am sorry the Senator is
so misinformed.
Mr. EDM UNDS. It has been contended so
by all political parties; it has been assumed to
be so by every sane man on this continent down
to this day, I believe. What is the evidence of
it, if we must go into evidence upon that sub-
ject now? Were we not told during the war,
and at times by the Senator himself, I think,
that a large proportion of the population of the
South—1 do not mean a majority, but a large
proportion—were trying to escape from rebel
conscription: that they were seeking every ave-
nue to evade and avoid resisting the laws of
the United States ; that they were hunted with
blood-hounds and with soldiers and with every
enginery which could be brought to bear to
bring them into opposition to the Hag? Is all
this a delusion? Is all this a dream that we
have been dreaming for these years? A nd are
we to take it as true now that there was a uni-
versal treason in the South? '
Mr. WILSON. I did not say "universal."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Universal in substance
and in effect. My friend from Massachusetts
says he did not say "universal." No, he did
not; but what he said was tantamount to uni-
versal ; and that is, that the. whole body of
southern society was rotten with treason. I do
not believe it. sir. All the evidence that we
had proved directly the contrary. The evidence
of the rebel government itself, its official acts
from the beginning to the end, prove the con-
trary, and prove the truth of the fact that all
through the South, in the worst and most
traitorous districts, there were still apostles
and martyrs of liberty every day and every
year. It is true, as my friend from Michigan
says, that by a fiction of law or some partic-
ular legal contrivance that ho describes, they
became legally enemies, although at heart they
were patriots. That is another question.
Now, sir, let us look a little further at this
state of southern society. What was the re-
port to us from the armies of the West, who,
as they went down the Mississippi and across
the country to the ocean, had some opportu-
nity to observe the state of southern society ?
Have we not been officially told that Sher-
man's army.got thousands of recruits^ among
southern wiiite men, who hailed with joy the
opportunity to shed their blood to regain the
liberties that treason had deprived them of?
Are they traitors? I should be glad to have
the Senator from Massachusetts tell me. If
they are traitors, they are the kind of traitors
that I like.
Look at it in another point of view, sup-
posing it to be true, taking it for'granted that
there are some really loyal, honest men in the
South, men who still have some respect for
oaths; and I am bound to say that I differ
from the Senator from Massachusetts on this
question of caths in a degree, because it is
within our experience in this Senate, at any
rate, that cases are arising numerously every
day in which we find that even rebels have
some respect for oaths, because we are puz-
zled, the Treasury is puzzled, the internal rev-
enue is puzzled, the Government is puzzled, to
find men who are willing to swear that they
have not beeu rebels, to whom offices are to be
intrusted. If there was so much of perjury
there it would-be a very rare thing, indeed,
that we should find any difficulty in selecting
suitable men, because they would all be willing
to commit perjury; but it would seem that
there is some respect paid to oaths even by a
man who has been a traitor. It do£s not neces-
sarily follow that the greatest rebel in the world,
(and who would have been a patriot if unfortu-
nately he had been successful,) may not, upon
occasions, as the English dramatist tells us,
tell the truth.
We are desirous of consolidating this Gov-
ernment, of making it again homogeneous and
perfect in its relations to all its parts, and the
relation of all its parts to the whole. We are
to provide not only indemnity for the past, to
use an old phrase, but security for the future.
We are to provide, as far as human wisdom
can, against future rebellions. We are to make
treason dishonorable, unprofitable, distasteful.
We are to hold out inducements to patriotism,
and to hold out the opposite to treason. How
are we to do it? We have had the. experience
of a rebellion," and the moment the rebellion
is over and those men who have been true and
faithful to us, who have fed our armies as they
advanced, come forward and ask for the citi-
zen's compensation, we tell them, in the lan-
guage of my friend from Michigan, "I am very
sorry for you ; you are a good man; you are a
true patriot at heart, but by some fiction of law
which the lawyers have discovered, you became
a traitor when you did not know it."
Mr. HOWARD. No fiction; a fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "By some fact of law
which the lawyers have discovered, you became
a traitor when you did not know it; you went
to sleep an honest man and you woke up a
traitor; legally you deserve to be hung, and it
is only the grace of the sovereign power which
saves you, as it does a good many other traitors
who are morally more guilty than you are, from
that condign punishment. In addition to that,
we wish to inform you a little further," in the
language of my friend from Massachusetts,
"that we have not any faith inyoij at all. You
may run away from the rebels; .you may hide
in the mountains, and the moment the star-
spangled banner appears among you, you may
seize a gun and fight it out under Sherman to
the sea, to the last, to restore the old author-
ity, and then we will tell you you are nothing
but a perjured traitor, and had better be gone
about your business." Now, I undertake to
say if you use a set of men who are really loyal
in that way, the next time a rebellion occurs
they ought to be on the rebellious side. I
would be if I were in their position; and so
would every Senator who hears me, because it
outragesthat sense ofjustice which is implanted
in every man's bosom.
Now, what is this legal fact or legal fiction
that my friend from Michigan advances ? That
is the Rubicon witli him. If he could only
pass that he might be disposed to do justice to
these men. It is that by force of the acts of
secession passed by the States all loyal men in
those States became traitors by relation of law
—public enemies upon whom the Government
had a right, under its war-making power, to
levj forage and to make war, and to despoil
them at its will.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to correct the
honorable Senator from Vermont. I did not
say, nor did 1 intend to say, nor do I believe,
that a man became a traitor, as he repeats over
and over again ad nauseam, -under the act of
1861, declaring certain States to be in insurrec-
tion. What I said was, that they became bel-
ligerents, became hostile, became enemies of
the United States. It does not follow because
a person is an enemy of the United States,
being an insurgent, or being embraced within
an insurgent community, that he is, therefore,
a traitor and guilty of treason. That is a fact
which remains to be proved against him as an
individual growing out of his individual acts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, that is a
distinction, if it be one, without a difference.
Now, my friend says that these people, al-
though they might not have become traitors,
levying, under the Constitution, overt acts of
war, to be proved by two witnesses, and there-
fore punishable, became belligerents; they
became enemies; they became hostile to the
Government by operation of law. He had just
told a Senator on the other side of the Cham-
ber that they were not alien enemies. Then
they were citizen enemies, persons owing alle-
giance and duty to the Government, and being
in a condition which is openly hostile to it,
belligerents against it, enemies of it. How
much tha-t lacks of being a traitof I should be
glad to have the gentleman, at some conven-
ient opportunity, inform me and the other Sen-
ators.
But say he is not a traitor; say he is an
enemy; I do not know, for one, that any such
legal result has been produced by any act or
pretended act of secession whatever. I am
one of those who have been brought up in the
old notion, that this is a Government of the
people, and that within the scope of the con-
stitutional powers of this Government it oper-
ates upon the people as individuals, and not
upon the States as sovereignties. We make
no law operating upon States. We never have
made a law operating upon States, and we
never shall. We have no relations with the
States of this Government except those that
the Constitution prescribe in respect to organ-
izing a form of government and in respect to
the. Governors of States appealing to us for
protection against domestic violence. If this
be within the lintuts of the Constitution a Gov-
ernment of the people, it operates directly
upon the people, upon the individual citizen,
whether he he in Maine or in Virginia ; and
if that individual citizen bands himself together
with all the other citizens in the State, save,
one, in levying war against that Government
to whom they owe allegiance and subjection,
is that other one therefore an enemy? I
should be glad to have the Senatorfrom Mich-
igan tell mo if the inhabitants of some county
in his State should get up an insurrection
against a State tax and levy war against tho
State, whether those who resisted that war,
who were willing to pay the tax, who would
not take up arms, became hostile to the State
and subject to tho pains and penalties which
are duly imposed upon enemies of the State.
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer the Senator,
if he pleases, now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; that is why I
asked the question.
Mr. HOWARD. If the government de facto,
of the State, in accordance with its constitu-
tional authority, as was the case with Congress,
had found it necessary to declare, and had de-
clared, that a certain portion of tho State, con-
sisting of counties A, ii, 0, D, were in insur-
