600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the only feature of tlie bill, and all its provis-
ions are aimed at the accomplishment of that
one object.
But, says the Senator, it breaks down the
local legislation of all the States; it consolidates
the power of the States in the Federal Govern-
ment. Why, sir, if the State of Kentucky makes
no discrimination in civil rights between its cit-
izens. this bill has no operation whatever in the
State of Kentucky. Arc all the rights of the
people of Kentucky gone because they cannot
discriminate and punish one man for doing a
thing that they do not punish another for doing?
The bill draws to the Federal Government no
power whatever if the States will perform their
constitutional obligations.
But the Senator occupies an hour of his speech
to show that certain cases which I thought prop-
er to refer to in a few remarks, the other day, in
order to ascertain what was meant by the term
'' citizen of the United States," have no appli-
cation to the rights of a citizen in a State. Those
cases, he says, were based upon that, clause of
the Constitution which declares that the citi-
zens of each State shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the sev-
eral States, and they relate entirely to the rights
which a citizen in one State has on going into
another State, and not to the rights of the cit-
izens belonging to the State. I never denied
that. I would have told the Senator in one
moment that the cases were not introduced fox-
any such purpose as he supposes, but they were
introduced for the purpose of ascertaining, if we
could, by judicial decision what was lueaut by
the term " citizen of the United Stales and
inasmuch as there had been judicial decisions
upon fbisclmise of the Constitution, in which it
had been held that the rights of a citizen of I ho
United States were certain great fundamental
rights, such as the right to lite, to liberty, and
to avail one's self of all the laws passed for the
benefit of the citizen to enable him to enforce
his rights; inasmuch as this was the definition
given to the term as applied in that part of the
Constitution, 1 reasoned from that, that when
the Constitution had been amended and slavery
abolished, and we were about to pass a law
declaring every person, no matter of what color,
born in tile United States a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, the same rights would then apper-
tain to all persons who were clothed with Amer-
ican citizenship. That was the ohjee.tlbr which
those eases were introduced. The Senator
seemed to suppose, and argued to show what
no one would controvert, that they were not
cases deciding upon the rights of the citizen in
the State in which ho resided.
But the Senator goes on to say that there is
no such thing as naturalizing a person except
he be a foreigner; that there is no authority in
the Congress of the United States to declare a.
person a citizen except it he by way of natural-
izing a foreigner. J have already said that 111
my opinion birth entitles a person to citizen-
ship. that every free-born pel son in this land
is, by virtue ol being born here, a citizen of the
United States, and that the bill now under con-
sideration is but declaratory of what the law
now is ; but, inasmuch as some persons deny
this, 1 thought it advisable to declare it in terms
in (ho statute itself. But, sii, this fs not the
first time that this has been done, if the Sen-
ator from Kentucky hail read the statutes of
his country he would have ascertained that, per
sons had been made cit ixeu-s by act of Congress
three score years and more ago. As long ago
as 1802 the Congress of the United States de-
clared that the children of persons naturalized
in this country, if the children were under ago.
should become citizens of the Unired States.
y> ithout going through any process of natural-
ization at all, they were declared by act of Con-
gress to bo citizens of the country.
Again, sir, in 1813, Congress declared:
"^that the Stockhridsjo tribe of Indians and each
ana every emi ot them, shall be doomed to bo. ami
arc hereby docli'redto he, eitizcnsof the Cnited States
to >l mtei><s and purpose*, and shall be entitled to
all the remts .privileges, and itiiiauniUcsol'sueh citi-
zens, and Shall in all respects ho subject to the laws
of the United States. I
That was in 1843. These Stockbridge Indians
were born within the United States, and Con-
gress declared by an act that without going
through any process of naturalization they were
and should be citizens of the United States,
with all the rights pertaining to citizens.
This, sir, I behove answers the whole speech
of the Senator. 1 think it was made up of state-
ments that there was no precedent for an act of
this kind, which is contradicted by a reference
to the laws, of denunciations 
Mr. "DAVIS. I did not say that there was
no precedent for it. I said expressly yesterday
that in my opinion the precedents were inad-
vertently passed, and that at any rate they were
outside of the power of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator chooses to
regard everything to be outside of the power of
Congress by denouncing it as such. As I said,
his speech is made up of these denunciations,
piling up adjectives, and denouncing as outrage-
ous a bill which contains but one single prin-
ciple, and that to establish equality in the civil
rights of citizens of the country, and in read-
ing from decisions to controvert a point which
nobody had made before the Senate.
_ He ako brings up again the question of mar-
riage between whites and negroes. He is trou-
bled about amalgamation, and becomes excited
and vehement in talking about it. I should
have supposed that at his time of life he would
feel protected against it without any law to put
him in the penitentiary if he should conjmit it.
[Laughter.] Sir, we need no law of the kind
where there is no disposition for this amalga-
mation. 1 apprehend that if the States prcYcr
to pass laws on that subject—and 1 have an-
swered that question two or three times 
Mr. DAVIS. Why did your own Stale pass
such a law?
Mr. ^TRUMBULL. Docs not the Senator
from Kentucky know that we have agreat many
Kentuckians in Illinois? [Laughter.] Agreat
many of his people settled nearly the whole of
the lower part, of my State, and" as they came
over from under such a law and had to be re-
strained at home, we were afraid to risk them
when they got into Illinois. [Laughtei.] But,
sir, now that Egypt is redeemed, I do not think
there will be any necessity for continuing that
act in my State. [Laughter.]
Now, fair, the hour having arrived when we
agreed to vote upon this bill, without taking
n[) further time, [ trust the Senate will take
action upon it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand that
the hour has arrived when the Senate agreed t.o
take a vote on this bill. The understanding
was that the general debate upon the bill should
close nt. three o'clock, and then amendments
should be oll'ered and discussed, and the vote
taken at tour o'clock. Pursuant to that under-
standing. I propose as an amendment to strike
out the last section of the bill, which 1 will ask
the Secretary to report to the Senate.
Mr. T1MJM liUiiL. The Senator is quite
right in his understanding. I will slate to him,
however, that we are still in Committee of the
Whole, and the committee's amendments have
not been acted upon. The Senator can pro-
pose his amendment at any time, but it would
be more regular perhaps to pass upon theamend-
mcuts that have been made in the committee
first.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will first discuss this
amendment.
The PRESTDTXf! OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) The Chair is informed that all
the amendments of the committee have been
agiced (o in Committee of the Whole, and the
que lion now is upon the amendment offered
by the Senator from Kentucky, to strike out
the whole of the bill after the enacting clause
and to insert a substitute.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What I wish to say is
upon the amendment, that I propose, and "the
connection of this section with the rest, of the
hill. I understand that the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Go fume] wishes to submit some
observations on the bill generally, and of course
the Senate will desire to hear hira, and I yield
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I have a very distinct 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Kentucky allow the Chair to inquire
if the amendment moved by the Senator from.
Indiana is withdrawn?
Mr: HENDRICKS. 1 do not withdraw the
amendment. I wish to submit some remarks
upon it after the Senator from Kentucky shall
have concluded.
Mr. GUTHRIE. _ Mr. President, I have a
very distinct conviction in my mind that this bill
is not warranted by the Constitution and is not
warranted by good policy and sound statesman-
ship ; but at this hour 1 cannot do justice to the
subject nor to myself by going into it. ■ How-
ever, 1 will make a few remarks to satisfy the
gentleman from Illinois thatmy objections to this
bill are well founded, and such as I believe in,
and such as I believe the country will come to.
It is now nine months since the war has
ceased. The rebellion has been crushed. The
adoption of the amendment to the Constitution
by the requisite number of States has been an-
nounced by the only authority that had the right
to announce it, the Secretary of State. But
before it was announced this bill was concocted,
not exactly in its present form, and it has been
progressive, changing like the chameleon.
Now, what is the pretense for the passage of
the bill ? It is found in the constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery, in these words:
"Neither slavery, nor involuntary servitude, ex-
cept as a punishment l'or crime wheroof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist in the
XJnited States, or in any place subject to their juris-
diction."
The nation has accepted that amendment;
it is the language of the nation. My doctrine
is that slavery exists no longer in this country;
that it is impossible to exist in the face of that
provision ; and with slavery fell (he laws of all
tie States providing for slavery—every one of
them. 1 do not see what benefit, can arise from
repealing them by this bill, because if (hey are
not repealed by the Constitution as amended,
this bill could not repeal them. I hope that all
the States in which slavery formerly existed
will accept that constitutional provision in good
faith. I myself accept it in good faith. Be-
lieving that all the laws authorizing slavery
have fallen, 1 have advised the people of Ken-
tucky, and 1 would advise all the States, to put
these Africans upon the same footing that the
whites arc in relation to civil rights.- They
have all the rights that, were formerly accorded
to the free colored population in all the States
just as fully this day as they will have after this
bill has passed, and they will continue to have
them.
Now, to the States belong the government of
their own population, ami those within their
borders, upon all subjects. Wo, in Kentucky,
prescribe punishment for those who violate the
i laws ; we prescribe it for the while population ;
1 we prescribe it for the free African population,
and we proscribe it for the slave population.
All the laws prescribing punishment for slaves
fell with slavery, and they wore subject after-
ward only to the penalties which were inflicted
upon the free colored population, they then be-
ing free. Slaves, for many offenses, wore pun-
ished far less than the free colored people. No
slave was sent to the penitentiary and punished
for stealing or am thing of that kind, whereas
a free person was. But all these States will now,
of course, remodel their laws upon the subject
of offenses. 1 would advise that there should
be but one code for all persons, black as well
as white : that there shall be one general rule for
the punishment of crime in the different States.
But. sir, the States must have time to act on
the subject; and yet we are here preparing laws
and penalties, and proposing to carry them into
execution by military authority, before the
States have had time to legislate, and even be-
fore some of their Legislatures have had time
to convene. I think the States of this Union
are entitled to some little consideration before
you inflict military government upon them,
