1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of women
of the United States, praying for an amend-
ment to the Constitution that shall prohibit" the
several States from disfranchising any of their
citizens on the ground of sex; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
officers of the East Greenwich Institution for
Savings, of East Greenwich, Rhode Island,
praying that savings banks or institutions for
savings tawing no capital and whose business
is confined to receiving deposits and loaning
the same on interest for the benefit of the de-
positors only, and which do no other business
of banking, maybe exempted from the payment
of any further internal revenue tax upon de-
posits or otherwise ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. YATES presented the memorial of Mrs.
Manila R. Philips, and ninety-nine other la-
dies, of Fulton county, Illinois, remonstrating
against licenses by the Government to drink-
ing saloons, gaming houses', &c. ; which was
referred to tlie Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. COWAN" presented resolutions of Ihe
Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favor of the re-
peal of the tax upon crude petroleum ; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of judges,
counselors, and attorneys now presiding over
and practicing in the court of common pleas in
the county of Armstrong, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for an increase of the salaries of the judges
of the United States district courts; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of members of
the bar of Westmoreland county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for an increase of the salaries of
the judges of the district courts of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington city, District, of Columbia, praying
for a redaction of the price of gas; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Ho also presented the memorial of S. B. El-
liott, assistant assessor United States internal
revenue for the eighth division, eighteenth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against an
increase of the compensation of assistant as-
sessors ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HOWE. I ask leave to present a peti-
tion from the Soldiers' and Sailors' Union of
"Washington. District of Columbia, in which
they set forth at some length and with great
force the obstacles placed in the way of their
obtaining employment under the Government,
and they ask Congress to pass an act that
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors, par-
ticularly those disabled in the service, shall be
appointed to situations in the different Depart-
mentsof the General Government according
to their capacity and fitness; that no person
employed in any of the Departments who has
not.served in the military or naval service of the
United States during the late rebellion shall be
retained in such position to the detriment of
any person who has so served and is qualified
for such position; and that in all promotions
in said Department the claims of the men who
have thus served in the Army or Navy shall be
preferred to those who have not so served ; and
further, that such honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors may only be dismissed f^om civil
otlices or clerkships when they do not perform
their duties faithfully or when they prove them-
selves unworthy of the positions they hold after
a thorough investigation. I move its reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.' j OHNSON. I beg leave to present the
memorial of the Eutaw Savings Bank, in the
city of Baltimore. They slate that they have
six thousand depositors, and of that number
about twenty-five hundred are for amounts not
exceeding fifty dollars eaeh. The institution
is carried 011 exclusively for the benefit of de-
positors. The president and directors have no
interest whatever in it'. They do not complain
that they are made liable to the tax upon in-
comes, but they do object very much to the
tax deposits, and they pray that, as far as that
tax is concerned, they may be relieved from
the payment of it in the future. I move the
reference of this memorial to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A COMMUNICATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A communication was
received when I was not in my seat, a day or
two since, from the Secretary of War, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
in reference to some improvements at Rock
Island, Illinois, where the Government has
established an arsenal. I desire to have that
communication printed for the use of the Sen-
ate. It is now in the hands of the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be made if there be no objection.
PRINTING OF A BiLL.
Mr. RIDDLE. A few days since a bill (S.
No. 190) was introduced by the Senator from
Illinois, to incorporate the District of Colum-
bia Canal and Sewerage Company. It was not
ordered to bo printed. It is an important bill.
It was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the chairman of which is
absent, and I merely ask that it may be ordered
to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be made if there be no objection.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (II. R.
No. 127) making appropriations for tjie sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1867, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. R. No. 280) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the
oOlh of June, 1867, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, reported a bill (S. No. 229) to authorize
the President of the United States to transfer
a gunboat to the Government of the republic
of Liberia, accompanied by a correspondence
of the Department of State in relation to the
subject. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the correspondence was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Commitee on For-
eign Relations, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, reported a joint resolution (S. II. No.
53) authorizing Rear Admiral H. Paulding to
accept a decoration from the King of Italy;
which was read a first time by its title, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. SUMNER. As this is similar to a reso-
lution which was passed last week with refer-
ence to another officer of the Navy, I ask the
Senate to proceed with its consideration now.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the morning business
be first disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. This will not take a minute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the resolution
will not be taken up until we get through with
the morning business.
Mr. SUMNER. It will take no time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "When we get through
with the morning business you can call it up.
I object to it now.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot be
considered on the day it is reported.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom were
referred resolutions of the Legislature of West
Virginia, in favor of an appropriation for the
payment of military claims created by that
State during the late war, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 230) to reim-
burse the State of West Virginia for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and paying military forces to aid in
suppressing the rebellion. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs." Mary E. Twiford, praying for indemnifi-
cation for the loss of her house and other prop-
erty, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
172) authorizing certain public documents to
be distributed to the district and territorial
judges of the United States, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of the Uni-
ted States, praying that each common school
in the Union may be furnished with the Presi-
dent's annual message and accompanying doc-
uments, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, on accotlnt of the large sum of
money it would cost.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
William Pierce, of San Francisco, California,
praying for an issue to him of duplicate bonds
in place of four Oregon war bonds, lost by the
burningof the steamer Golden Gate on the 27th
of July, 1862, submitted a report, accompanied
by a hill (S. No. 231) for the relief of William
Pierce.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a memorial
of the Winona and St. Peter Railroad Com-
pany, of Minnesota, praying that certain addi-
tional duties paid on railroad iron imported in
the fall of 1863, maybe refunded, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it bo referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 96) in relation to the public lands apper-
taining to the armory at Springfield, to report
it back without amendment, and as it is a small
matter, if there be no objection, I should like
to put it on its passage now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is _there
any objection to the present consideration of
the joint resolution ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, there is objection.
I think we had better proceed with the morn-
ing business until we dispose of that, and then
we can take up the Senator's bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered to-
day.
CONDITIONS Of RESTORATION.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave tcrintroduce an
amendmentinthe nature of a substitute for the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 48) setting forth
certain conditions upon which the States, the
people of which have been lately in rebellion
against the United States, shall be restored to
their representation in Congress; and I move
that it be printed and referred to the commit-
tee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 232) to provide appropriate legislation to
enforce article thirteen of the amendments to
the Constitution abolishing slavery in the Uni-
ted States ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and as it is, in my judgment, a very important
bill, and perhaps could be-easier examined by
the committee if it wei e printed, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to have it printed.
