1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE",
39th Cong.... 1st
New Torle Contested Election—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. of Reps.
them to perform their duty, and insure a faithful
observance of the clause of the Constitution
which prohibits slavery; in providing that the
fees of the cormorant officials who may do any-
thing under this act, and ten dollars in every case
to the commissioner, and five dollars for every
arrest to the person making it, shall be paid
out of the Treasury of the United States; in
requiring that any person who shall harbor or
conceal another against whom any warrantshall
have been issued, without regard to the guilt or
innocence of the person charged, shall be sub-
ject to a fine not exceeding $1,000, and impris-
onment not exceeding six months j in empow-
ering the President to make any district court
ambulatory throughout the district, to admin-
ister the justice—no, the terrible injustice and
oppression organised by this act; and finally,
in providing for a special standing army, a per-
manent force, land, naval, and militia, to en-
force its execution. All this extraordinary,
extensive, costly, stern, and despotic organism,
has been devised to ]5amper and exalt the negro,
and to abase, degrade, and, oppress the white
race 1
The ho.norable chairman has. quoted- laws
and precedents to justify the pains and penal-
ties which his measure has provided to 'be in-
flicted on State officers, who may execute State
laws inconsistent with its strange and revolting
features. Those laws were directed against the
mere forms of law, which were in conflict with
the Constitution, and therefore utterly null and
void ; and against persons who submitted them-
selves to be made tools and petty tyrants to
perpetrate wrong, oppression, and crime under
them—such wicked devices as this act. If the
States should resort to similar legislation as
that relied^ upon by the honorable Senator to
punish those who attempt to execute this meas-
ure, it would be a timely, wise, and constitu-
tional remedy. I hope all the States concerned
w ill. I can confidently assure him that at least
one will.
As I understand the pending measure, and
the act to increase the powers of the Freed-
inan's Bureau, if they were permanently estab-
lished as the law, they would establish princi-
ples that would wholly absorb all reserved State
sovereignty and rights, establish a centralized
and aristocratic despotism impersonated in the
members of the two Houses of Congress, and
so much the more oppressive and galling to the
people because instead of a single tyrant there
would be many. To such a monster Govern-
ment I would prefer a limited monarchy, but
being the enemy of both, I am much more the
enemy of the former; aud whenever it raises its
horrid form. I declare myself beforehand to be
its mortal foe, and I will dedicate what of life
and energy remains to me to its overthrow
and the reinstatement of the Constitution and
liberties of my country.
The radical party, who are now striding on
to consolidation and despotism to perpetuate
their possession of power and office, have able,
unscrupulous, and daring leaders. In 1800-61
they would listen to no just and constitutional
terms of compromise. Two or three days after
the first disastrous defeat at Bull Run, they
male fide voted for this resolution offered by
Andrew Johnson, then a Senator from Tennes-
see. I will read the resolution and the yeas
and nays on its passage in the Senate:
"Resolved by the Senate, That the present deplora-
ble civil war has been forced upon the country by the
(I;-unionist: of the southern States, now in aims
against the constitutional (iovernraent, and in arms
around the capital; that in this national emergency,
Congress, banishing all feelings of mere passion or
■ continent, will recollect only its duty to the whole
■ountry; that this war is not waged on their part in
any spirit of oppression, or for any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, or purpose of overthrowing or
interfering with the rights or established institutions
of those States, but to defend and maintain the su-
premacy of the Constitution, and to preserve the
Union with all tho dignity, equality, and rights of the
several States unimpaired; and thai, as soon as these
objects are accomplished the war oughtto cease.
"Yeas — Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler,
Clark, Cowan, Dixon,Doolittle.Feesendon,Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, lane of
Kansas,Latham, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Ten Byck.Wade, Wilkinson, Willey,
and Wilson—30.
"Nays—Messrs. Breckinridge, Johnson of Mis-
souri, Polk, Powell, and Trumbull—5."
The armies of the United States have con-
quered the rebellion, and the southern people
have submitted and sued to come back to
their.allegiance and position in the Union and
the Government, given up slavery, both by pro-
visions in their own constitutions and ratifying
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States abolishing it throughout the land,
and repudiated the debts incurred to sustain
their revolt. These are conditions beyond the
just and constitutional principles upon which
you declared you would make the fight and
make the peace.
The President, whom your party elected,
offered those magnanimous terms to the insur-
gents, and all of you in this Chamber but two,
and all of your party in the other House, I be-
lieve, with him pledged yourselves to their main-
tenance ; and now, because he will not go with
you in their flagitious violation, you turn upon
him, denounce him, and threaten his impeach-
ment. Two sessions ago you passed an enabling
act to authorize Nebraska, with a population of
22,841, Colorado, with 34,277, and Nevada,
with 6,857, according to the census of 1860,
to form constitutions preliminary to their ad-
mission as States in the Union. Their aggre-
gate population was but little more than half
the ratio for one Representative; but the great
consideration was that each one of these in-
fant Territories that assumed the name of State
would bring to its patronizing party two Sen-
ators and one Representative, and add that
much to the material of a two-thirds majority
in both Houses. _
The war terminated more than six months
before the beginning of the present session of
Congress. The magnitude of the conflict, and
the fierce and determined energy with which
it was fought on both sides, imparted to it a
terrible grandeur; and the suddenness of its
termination, the completeness of the submis-
sion of so many million insurgents, and their
universal desire to return to the Government
against which they had risen, and the obstinate
purpose of the majority of Congress to reject
their overtures, are not "less strange. The latter
aspect seems surpassingly sinister and inexpli-
cable, cxcept on considerations of excessive
selfishness and criminal ambition.
Whenever the rebels grounded their arms,
and the authorities of their respective States in
good faith offered to place the States and them-
selves in proper relations with the Government
of the United States, such States and their peo-
ple had a perfect right to have their Senators
and Representatives in Congress. Individual
Senators and Representatives might be ex-
cluded for sufficient causes personal to each ;
but a valid objection to keep the State out is
impossible under such a state of fact. _ Her citi-
zens now loyal, having the qualifications pre-
scribed by the Constitution, and the proper
returns of their election to the Senate or House
of Representatives, may rightfully demand their
admission to their seats; for a ruling majority
to keep them out is revolutionary. A ma-
jority of the Senators who have taken the oath
of office and been admitted to their seats have
assumed by this revolutionary act, not merely
to mutilate the Senate, but to sunder the Union
and subvert the Government by closing the
doors of this Chamber against the Senators of
eleven States, which States and their peopte are
at peace with the United States and obedient
to their authority.
You are responsible for this disorganized con-
dition of the Senate, for you have made it. You
further aggravated it within the last few days
by ejecting from his scat the model Senator
fromNew Jersey, when every intelligent reader
of the newspapers in Amcrica knows that he
was legally and constitutionally eleeted by the
majority of the Legislature - of that State. ■ In
the House the same process is going--on in a
more aggravated form; your political friends
are more than decimating their and your oppo-
nents, without sufficient cause, while they hold
in their seats thek political friends against whose
election valid constitutional and legal objections
have been established. In the mean time yoa
are recklessly passing propositions to-amend
the Constitution, and overriding the President's
veto of this flagitious measure, which requires
two thirds of both Houses. You are rushing
onward from outrage to outrage with terrible
rapidity. You delude yourselves if you believe
such a career can long continue.
The courts will decide that you being the
wrong-doers, having mutilated Congress, and
having passed your revolutionary measures by
less than a majority, by a plurality which you
created for your purposes in excluding twenty-
three Senators from their seats, your acts are
revolutionary and void. Public justice is often
slow, but generally sure. Think you that the
people will look on with folded arms and stolid
indifference, and see you subvert their Consfc
tution and liberties, and on their ruins erect
a grinding despotism. No ; ere long they will
rise up with earthquake force and fling yon
from power and place. I commend to your
serious meditation these words; '' Go tell Sylla
that you saw Caius Marius sitting upon the
ruins of Carthage!"
JVew York Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES BROOKS,
or new york,
In the House of Rkjpkesektatives,
April 5 and 6, 1866.
The Househaving under consideration thefollowing
resolutions reported from the Committeeof Elections:
Resolved, That Hon. James Brooks is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the eighth district in
New York.
Resolved, That William E. Dodge is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the eighth.distrietin New York—
Mr. BROOKS said;
Mr. Speaker: I do not know I have ever be-
fore risen to address a public body with emo-
tions and feelings like those with which I now
rise to address the House of Representatives.
I am in some sort arraigned at the bar of this
House by a committee, for the members of
which I feel the highest respect, and by a con-
testant whose position as a merchant and whose
abundance of wealth surround me with embar-
rassment and make me feel diffident in address-
ing the House in a matter which concerns my
own interest. But if I know my own heart,
proud as I am of a seat in the House of Rep-
resentatives and of my associates here, I do
not rise so much for the honor of this seat as
to vindicate the right of two hundred thousand
people in one of the largest representative dis-
tricts of the United States to the choice of
their own Representative upon the floor of this
House to vote for them on the many important
questions which come up here for action.
Sir, this election lias excited profound inter-
est here and elsewhere. In our district it was
one of the hardest-fought contests I have ever
seen in any part of the country. Y es, sir,fought
by all manner of means, and in the midst of
most extraordinary excitement; and when it
was over I thought it was over for good; but
it has not been over: it is prolonged to this
moment, during a year and a half of one contin-
uous struggle. The members of the House of
Representatives are almost all acquainted with
the localities of the imperial city which I have
the honor in part to represent. I am sorry to
say that a large portion of the wealth of my
district has not been with mo, but against me;
and it is the richest district in the whole country,
