1866.
the congressional globe.
3585
rection against the rightful-authority of fhe
State, the whole population of those counties,
in the sense of the laws of'war, would become
enemies of the State. It would be a case pre-
cisely parallel with that which has existed and
through which we have just passed. I need
hardly inform the Senator from Vermont that
the question as to the character of even loyal
Ecople residing' in the insurrectionary districts
as been solemnly argued before the Supreme
Court ol'the United States, who have decided
that the whole people within the lines of bay-
onets were the enemies of the United States.
I think that is an answer to his entire inter-
rogatory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
agree with the Senator from Michigan in his
construction of the decision of the Supreme
Court to which he refers, by any means what-
ever ; and I undertake to declare that if it bore
that construction, it is not only an outrage upon
law, but an outrage upon the good sense of
this whole people, and that it will be reversed
the first time it is brought in question. But I
have yet. to learn that any such decision as that
which my friend has stated has been announced
as the deliberate ffpinion of the Supreme Court
of the United States. If so, I fail to put the
construction upon it which I ought to have put,
in the estimation of the gentleman.
One word more, sir, and I shall have done.
My friend says that the G-overnment de facto,
that is the Government of the United States,
has found it necessary to declare certain dis-
tricts in insurrection, and therefore that the
General Government has undertaken to de-
clare, and has in fact declared, that all the
people within those districts were in insurrec-
tion. I deny that there is any such declara-
tion on record from the Government of the
United States. I undertake to declare that
the true construction of these acts of ours has
been that within certain districts of territory
an insurrection existed, without undertaking
to define whether it was the whole people or
a part of the people who were engaged in that
insurrection ; leaving it for the -courts of law
and the process of time to determine upon
whom, and how far, the weight of this legal
warfare should operate. That is the construc-
tion that I put upon the acts of Congress and
the acts of this Government, and, in my judg-
ment, it is the only true construction.
But suppose, for the sake of the argument,
that I am mistaken in that; suppose that by
the laws of internal warfare, that is, the laws
of war operating as between rebels upon one
side and a lawful Government upon the other,
and in a case where the rebellion is not carried
to that crowning point of success which makes
it a complete war and a war of independence;
I defy the gentleman to produce any authority,
from the foundation of the world to this day,
which declares that when that rebellion is put
down any man who did not personally aid and
assist in that rebellion had his legal or civil
rights changed a particle. No sudh authority
can be found anywhere. But suppose there
could: suppose that by relation and operation
of law, against justice and against common
sense, innocent and loyal and patriotic persons
who were refugees and hunted, and traitors-
against treason in their own land, had become,
"by relation, enemies of ours, if that be so,
would it not follow as a matter of course that
the very moment the armies of the United
States repossessed themselves under Federal
authority of this territory, the persons who were
then within their reach and under their protec-
tion became transmuted again, by operation of
•law, into real patriots and orderly and peace-
loving citizens. If they did, if the same acts
which, by relation carried them out, again being
reversed brought them in again, and they then
supplied the armies of their country with pro-
visions, ought they not to be paid for them?
' But, Mr. President, I rose only to enter my
dissent against this idea of a universal treason
by relation, and had not intended to occupy so
much time as I have.
Mr. SUMNER. This question has already
39th Cong. 1st Ress.—No. 225.
been opened to debate. Senators, I think,
have become aware of its "magnitude. I doubt
if they are disposed to aot upon it definitely.
There is some business on the table of the
Senate which ought to be disposed of in ex-
ecutive session ; and therefore I move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. CLARK. I hope not. We have had
the bill now before the Senate under consid-
eration two or three times before, and it is de-
sirable that it should be disposed of; and now
that we have got fairly into the discussion it
seems to me it will be more profitable and
better^ advance the public business if we con-
tinue it and dispose of it this evening, than to
change and take up something else.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that the Senate had
better reflect upon it now. The case has been
fairly opened to-day, and Senators have become
aware of its magnitude. I doubt if they were
before,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been discussed
this much three or four times before.
Mr. CLARK. So far as I am concerned I
do not need further time for reflection. I am,
of course, very glad to hear and'will consider
all the arguments made upon the one side and
the other; but I have given it a great deal of
attention. I have given it attention in com-
mittee and in the Senate, and my mind is made
up upon it as to what is just for the Govern-
ment to do, and that is, to protect and pay its
citizens wherever it _ finds them, whether in
loyal or disloyal territory, if they have claims
against the Government. I cannot now go into
this debate, as the motion is to go into execu-
tive session, but I propose to do so if the dis-
cussion is continued.
_ Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 13, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. After some, time spent in executive ses-
sion the doors were x-eopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thcrsdat, July 5, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of Tuesday was' read and
approved.
contested election.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I gave notice some days since that on
Tuesday of this week I would call up the con-
tested-election ease of Fuller vs. Dawson, from
the twenty-first district of Pennsylvania. I was,
however, unable to obtain the floor on Tuesday,
and I how call up that ease for action. It has
been suggested by tho chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and by many other
gentlemen that it would be best to postpone the
case till after the tariff bill is disposed of by
the House and sent to the Senate. This seems
to me to be reasonable. At the same time I
submit this ease to the House under instruction
from the committee, and I hovo no alternative
but to insist upon its being taken up for action
unless the House sees fit to order otherwise.
If the House desires to postpone it until after
the tariff bill is disposed of, I have no objec-
tion. I think, however, that the parties ought
to have an opportunity to be heard even if that
motion is made.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to give notice,
as I have been inquired of often, that I will
call up the question of privilege in the case of
the member from Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau,]
and the member from Iowa, [Mr. Grixnell,]
as soon as the tariff bill is acted upon—the
first thing after it is disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
Hot call it up before the election case. I in-
sist that that shall be the next thing after the
tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say that the
postponement of the tariff bill for any other
question will inevitably prolong the session of
the House that much. This contested-election
case may be considered after we get through^
the tariff bill, and will not prolong the session
of the House because we will have plenty of
time. 1 therefore move that this question be
postponed until we get through the subject of
the tariff. J
Mr. PAINE. T wish to give -notice that I
cannot consent that the contested-election case
shall be postponed until after the case referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spald-
ing. ] I desire that the contested-election case
shall have precedence of that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I only wish to say that
the contestant in the Pennsylvania contested-
election case is not here now, and I suppose
cannot be here before Monday. It is prob-
able that the tariff bill will not be disposed of
much before the close of the week.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
motion to postpone the contested-election case;
and it was agreed to.
probate of wills ix district of columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for probate of and
for the recording of wills of real estate situ-
ated in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
adoption op children, etc.
Mr. PATTERSON also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to provide for the adop-
tion of children and changes of names in the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time and refecred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
guardians of lunatics.
Mr. PATTERSON also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act to enable guardians and committees
of lunatics appointed from the several States to
act within the District of Columbia," approved
March 8,1864; which was read a first and sec-
ond time and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the regular or-
der of business.
union pacific railroad, eastern diyision'.
The SPEAKER announced as the business
first in order, its consideration having been
postponed until immediately after the reading
of the Journal to-day, bill of the House No.
753, explanatory of an act to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graphline from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses,' approved July f, 1802," approved July
2, 1864.
The bill was read. It provides that nothing
contained in the act described in its title shall
be so construed as to enlarge the grant-of iand
made to the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division, by the act of July 1,1862, and
the act of July 2, 1864, nor to entitle said com-
pany to receive bonds of the United States on
a greater number of miles than are embraced
in the line of the road of said company between
the Missouri river and the one hundredth me-
ridian of west longitude as said lino is indicated
by the map heretofore filed by said company
in the Interior Department, nor in any manner
to interfere with the right of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company to receive the bonds of the
United States provided for in the said acts of
July 1, 1862, and July 2, 1864, to aid in the con-
struction of the road and telegraph line of said
last-mentioned company, on its entire line from
Omaha to the point where it may meet and join
the road of the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of California.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to add at
the end of the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this aot contained shall
interfere with any rights conferred on the Central
