1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
The third section provides that all the. lands
heretofore granted to the Territory and State
of Minnesota to aid in the construction of rail-
roads are to be certified to the State by the
Secretary of the Interior, from time to time,
whenever any of the roads shall be definitely
located, and are to be disposed of by the State
in the manner and upon the conditions pro-
vided in the particular act making the grant;
but when the original quantity granted to aid
in the construction of any road has been in-
creased, the quantity authorized to be sold from
time to time is to be increased correspondingly;
and on the completion of any ten miles of road
the State may sell one half the quantity of lands
which the State is authorized to dispose of on
the completion of twenty miles.
The fourth section provides that the lands
granted specifically, lying in place, on any di-
vision of ten miles of road shall not be disposed
of until the road shall be completed through
and coterminous with it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
. SENATOR PROM NEW JERSEY/
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the following resolution,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary:
UcnoJved, That John P. Stockton was duly elected,
and is entitled to iii< seat as a Senator from thcStato
of Now J ci soy, for the tuna of six years from the 4111
ciay of Mairh, 1805.
The pending question is on the motion of
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Joiixson] to
postpone further consideration of this resolu-
tion until Thursday next.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to make a cor-
rection in the remarks that I made yesterday
when this matter was before the body. I stated
that the present presiding officer of the Senate
of New Jersey was elected by his own vote. I
find upon inquiry that that is not strictly cor-
rect. He exchanged votes with a Democrat.
I have received a telegram from my col-
league, [Mr. Wuiclit,] in these words:
" Is your case adjourned to Thursday ? If riot, beg
the Senate forme to defer your ease to that day, when
I will be present or ask no further delay."
Mr. IIENDltlCKS. I presume upon that
statement there will be no objection to a post-
ponement until Thursday. The public interest
will not suffer by it. Mr. Wright expected to
be here to-day, as 1 understand from dispatches
from him, but, his plnsiciau informed him this
morning that he um.si not, leave to-day, that he
could probably leave to-monow. lie thinks
,he can, and if lie cannot be here by Thursday,
no nirthcr delay of the question will be asked
on that account. It seems to me to appeal so
forcibly to the sense of justice of the Senate
thai, there should be no objection to a post-
ponement of it until that time. ■ There is no
desire to have any advantage by a postpone-
ment cxeept to cot the vote of all the Senators
that can attend upon this question, and espe-
cially to get the vote of the Senator from the
State of New Jersey. These resolutions and
bills are generally under the charge of the Sen-
ators who report them. I have not known of
any case in which any Senator has reported a
bill and desired its postponement where it has
been denied. When the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessexdex] reported a bill to tiie body
and suggested its consideration at a particular
time, i never knew an earlier consideration to
be demanded. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Troibull] reports this resolution, and I un-
derstood him to suggest yesterday before the
reconsideration, "Let the reconsideration take
place, and then let the resolution stand over
until Thursday,'1 and 1 thought there was no
objection to it. I thought it was understood
when the vote for the reconsideration was taken,
that it was to stand over until Thursday. It
seemed to me at the time that that was the
understanding. There was no opposition to
it. i therefore understood that it was to stand
over until Thursday. Under all the circum-
stances of the case I think that by unanimous
consent the resolution should stand over until
'Thursday. There can be no objection to it, I
think.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the postponement will
not take place. This matter came before the
Senate last Thursday. It was discussed on
that day. It was discussed all day Friday. It
then came up before the Senate yesterday,
(Monday.) To-day it is before the Senate
again—five days after it first came before the
Senate—and now we are asked to postpone it
that a man who has been sick six or seven
weeks may by possibility got here after two or
three days, when his physician says he cannot
leave to-day to he here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have a dispatch from
him, directed, I suppose, to his colleague,
which has just been placed in my hand:
Is your ease adjourned to Thursday? If not, beg
the Senate for mo to defer your ease to that day,
when I will be present, or ask no further delay.
WILLIAM WRIGHT.
Now, I submit to the Senate whether, under
the circumstances, the postponement should
not be had? The fact itself speaks as per-
suasively to the Senate as any language I
could use.
Mr. CLA RK. I have only to reiterate that
I hope no postponement, will take place.- There
is the dispatch from the Senator from New
Jersey that he can be here on Thursday, but,
not a shadow of a reason given why he could
not be here to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON. I can tell the Senator if
he will permit me again to interrupt him, that
a dispatch received before this dispatch was
received stated that his physician told him it
would peril his life if he started last night or
this morning; that ho might come to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. I was called upon by a
neighbor of Mr. Wright's last night who ,says
he not only does not expect to come back
within a wcek.Jmt he never expects to come
back. He sayi he lives almost the next door
neighbor to him ; he knows him well; and he
not only could not be hero, but did not expect
to be here.
Mr. Ct AltK. I have only to add that after
this long and lingering delay I do not think
this question should be postponed any longer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There-is but one pur-
pose on the part of those who believe Mr.
Stockton is entitled to his seat -in asking this
postponement, and that is, to get a full vote of
the Senate, if there is any question upon
which Senators do not desire Mr. Stockton's
vote before Thursday next, if that should be
communicated to me, I should not ask the con-
sideration of any such question. The delay is
not for the purpose of having his vote upon any
matter in the mean time, but simply to secure
the vote of Mr. Wright upon this question.
I am surprised that the Senator from New
Hampshire should object to this postponement.
It is the only postponement, I believe, that has
been asked by the friends of Mr. Stockton.
The resolution was reported by the Senator
from Illinois rather early in the session. Its con-
sideration was not pressed by the Senator from
New Hampshire Qr any other Senator, although
it lay upon the Secretary's table week after
week. There was no concern expressed aboutit,
no haste. Finally the Senator from Illinois in-
formed the Senate a few days in advance that he
should call it up on yesterday week, and then
the Senator was informed that the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Glark,] who was op-
posed to the resolution and the doctrines of the
report of the Judiciary Committee, was not able
to be in his seat on that day, and he asked a
postponement. I never dreamed of objecting
to that postponement; I did not think of such
a thing. When it was asked by a Senator upon
the ground that his health did not allow him
to be in the Senate, not for one moment did I
think of asking that the consideration of the
resolution should be pressed ; and I believe no
Senator thought of such a thing. By pressing
it at that time, if we could have pressed it, out-
side, perhaps, would have the advantage of ex-
cluding his vote. But, sir, I would count my-
self very unworthy if I should ask the imme-
diate consideration of a question because at the
hour it was asked I would have the advantage
of the sickness of a Senator who did not concur
with me in opinion upon the merits of the ques-
tion. Only upon his request has there been a
postponement at all. It was postponed then,
I believe, from Monday until Wednesday, upon
the request of the Senator, or some one re-
questing it in his behalf.
Mr. JOHNSON. He asked another post-
ponement until Thursday.
Mr. HENDEJCKS. And then it was post-
poned again until Thursday, I understand. The
exact particulars of that postponement I do
not recollect.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from New
Hampshire will, I am sure, remember that at
his request it was postponed until Thursday,
from Wednesday, he being unwell and not being
able to take part in the debate as lie intended
to do, so that two postponements'of the subject
have been made on account of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have but one more
remark to make. I cannot conceive of any
reason why this subject should be pressed now
except the fact that the vote of a Senator can-
not be had upon the resolution to-day. He tel-
egraphed to his colleague yesterday evening
that he would bcNiere to-day. That was his
first dispatch, that he would be here to-day if
allowed, and then afterward he telegraphs that
his physician will not allow him to start to reach
here to-day, but hopes to be here to-morrow.
Wo can get a full vote on Thursday, and wc
cannot to-day. Is not that a sufficient reason
in the Senate of the United States on a ques-
tion of this sort to let it stand over for two
days, when there is no public interest jeopard-
ized by it?
Mr. CONNESS. It, appears to me that the
case of the Senator from New Hampshire is
a very different one from that of the Senator
from New Jersey, as presented by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana. In regard to the
case of the Senator from New Hampshire, it
was a postponement in behalf of the only dis-
senting member of the Judiciary Committee,
by whom the question had been considered.
The question had never been considered in the
Senate then, and there was not only fitness, but
necessity, in permitting the dissenting member
of that committee to have an opportunity of
presenting his views. Now the question has
been fully argued. Every phase of the case
has been consideredand considered again ; and
the only ground upon which this request for
postponement can legitimately lie is the last,
ground utjon which it has been put by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, that there may
be a full vote of the Senate. The vote of the
Senator from New Jersey is certainly not more
important than the vote of any other absent
Senator; and I ask the Senator from Indiana
whether there can possibly be a full vote of the
Senate on Thursday or upon any other day
within, perhaps, two weeks to come or more?
Unfortunately—a great misfortune, not only to
us, but to the country—it is more than probable
that another Senator who has been our col-
league here will never appear in his seat again.
On Thursday the Senate cannot be full, and
there cannot be a full vote .then.
It this question had not been considered
again and again, for one I would not oppose its
postponement, but considerations other than
the merits of this case have really been in-
truded into the discussion. From its having
received the most fair and thorough consider-
ation by the majority of the committee to whom
it was referred, it has absolutely been con-
strued to a very considerable extent into a
political*question. Forone I have not allowed
myself so to consider it, but from the other
side of the Senate that construction has been
pat upon it and intruded into the discussion,
