186
APPENDIX TO -THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. of Eeps.
New York Contested Election—Mr. Brooks.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
and approached in wealth by only one other,
and that in Boston. I am sorry to say that the
wealth and prosperity of that district located
on Fifth ayenue and the adjacent streets were
for the contestant; while in the river districts,
where our laboring population reside, the hard-
fisted mechanics, the men who send our ships
floating over every sea, and carrying the stars
and stripes triumphant from pole to pole, the
men who are the architects and artificers of
our grandeur and glory; that class of men,
situated in the river districts of New York, in
the main gave their support to me.
My contestant in this case'availed himself
of that fact, which I cannot more deeply regret
than he. I would be proud to represent the
property and wealth of New York, as well as
its labor and industry, and hitherto in a former
Congress, iu the last House of Representatives,
I did represent both. The contestant has
availed himself of that fact to say, in describ-
ing the geography of this district:
" It embraces the extremes of poverty and wealth,
ignorance and intelligence, crossing the city from
river to river, including the Fifth avenue, Murray
Hill, and Dutch IXill. The interior districts are the
abodes of wealthy citizens and intelligent middle
classes; the river districts, in tenement house and
shanty, hide the rowdies, roughs, and worst floating
population of a great city."
I have no comment to make upon that clas-
sification which my contestant would make of
the people whom he claims to represent. Let
it go forth to these people. Let them read it,
let them know it, and hereafter, as wc shall
meet again at the polls, undoubtedly, not here,
but there, wo will discuss the description of our
constituents that he gives in a document which
he lays before this Flouse.
I have said I am surrounded by difficulties
and embarrassments and have been throughout
this contest, because from the very start even
till now I have been met by a man of immense
wealth and boundless resources. That is no
discredit to him, however. It is an honor to
have property if it is honorably earned or
acquired and well used. But 1 have been met
throughout—and I dwell upon it because I have
been thus met—by a man whose income as
recorded is $^84,415 per annum, and if we add
his unrecorded income from United States
bonds,seven-thirties and five-twenties, from cer-
tificates of indebtedness, from railroads, from
coal companies, from iron companies, and
from insurance and marine companies of all
kinds, it swells up to $500,000—an income
which, calculating three hundred and thirteen
days in the year, is $1,519 every day of his life;
which, calculating twelve working hours, is
$",038 a day; which is $251 every hour, and
$4 20 every breath he breathes, when he is off
his bed and wide awake.
' Sir, I should have thought, possessed of a
vast fortune like that, a hereditary fortune, a
fortune by inheritance as well as by industry,
claiming to be a representative of the mer-
chants of New York, he would have been con-
tent with ths declared and recorded election on
the day of election; or, if not content with that,
that he would have let alone a district giving
about six thousand majority for General Mc-
Clellan, and would not have aspired to misrep-
resent on the floor of this House a population
like that of the eighth districtof New York.
But nothing has surprised me in the course
of this contestant throughout from beginning
to end. In some early remarks which he made
upon this floor, with profound anxiety to appear
here at the earliest period, he is reported in
the Globe (February 8) to have said:
" Reluctant as I was to enter into such a contest,
yet 1 was urged to it from all pans of the country,
and especially by those who had taken a deep inter-
est in the canvass in my own district. Aud out of
deference to them and to pnblicsentiment generally,
I felt it to be a duty to expose, as I thought I had an
opportunity to expose, the machinery by which for
years the wealth and influence of the mere an tile por-
tion of the city of New York had been deprived of a
proper representation on the floor of Congress."
"I have sat here for two months, taking adoep in-
terest in the debates that have been going on, but
compelled to be a silent listener."
"Knowing that there was to be aprolonged adjourn-
ment for the holidays, I sent again to my attorney in
New York and urged him to see the attorney of the
sitting member and ascertain whether it was not pos-
sible to have the testimony sent here, that it might
be printed, that tho case might come before the com-
mittee, so that I might know whether I was to have
the privilege of participating in the important dis-
cussions of this body or whether I was to return to
my home and engage in my ordinary mercantile
business." > * * * * * * * *
"Now, at this late period of the session, when two
months havo already expired, and when questionsof
such large interest to the nation, and especially to
the commerce of thecity which I believe I was called
on to represent—which I have not a doubt I am
legally entitled to lepresent—when questionsof such
vast magnitude are coming before the House, I ieel
that I ought to have an opportunity to participate
in its deliberations if I am to have an opportunity
at all." * * * * * *
"But I do not want, if I am entitled to a place on
this floor, to sit here silently and have all these great
financial and other important measures passed, I
having no voice in the matter."
Sir, from the tone and tenor of that address
it is apparent enough where it was born. One
would know whatinspiredits origin. Certainly,
it was not inspired in the river districts of New
York city. Nor was it inspired on the Fifth
avenue of New York. Only in Wall street are
men thus inspired to address each other.
" Vitat, e'est moi," said the French king;
"Congress is I, and I am Congress," one would
think from reading the remarks which have
been reported here.
The contestant began nearly a year and a
half ago to strike at these river districts of New
York. Seventeen distinct allegations are in the
pleadings which he submitted to the House,
and ho lighted upon thirteen different river dis-
tricts at once, so as to employ all my time in
order to meet him and his wealth in the con-
test,. By presenting an immense front, by
thieatening my position on all sides, by not
letting me know at what portal he was to enter,
without regard to means, he sought only suc-
cess, no matter how obtained. But he finally
fell down on four districts, and at length the
four are reduced to two. Two out of thirteen!
And upon these two alone is it necessary to
make remarks, so far as he is concerned.
The districts which he would throw out are
of course the river districts. Ai# is right on
Murray Hill, where the gentleman lives, and
which some people christen ''Shoddy Hill,"
but all is wrong on Dutch Hill and in Mack-
erelville, where laborers of the congressional
district reside. All is right directly among
us, in our own neighborhood, but all is wrong
elsewhere, where other people than ourselves
reside, whom he desires to disfranchise in order
to elect himself.
To maintain his position the contestant has
introduced all sorts of witnesses and all sorts
of testimony. I propose to call the attention
of the House as briefly as possible to the char-
acter of some of these witnesses and to some of
this testimony.
In the first place, the most extraordinary
arena that ever man devised for the taking of
testimony and for the introduction of such wit-
nesses was chosen by the contestant in this
case. Men who had never before entered the
portals of a church, men who had hardly heard
of a divine Master, men of tho character of
Geoghegan, who has already been described
as the fraud broker, are for the first time intro-
duced into the portals of a church.
Geoghegan, I need not describe him. I
wish gentlemen could have seen him within
the portals of that church as he was seen upon
the day when the testimony was taken, with
two of his fingers bitten off in various fights,
from New Orleans to New York, lacerated
in his person, powerful, vigorous, an outlaw,
a bruiser, a fighter, a bully, a man who dwells
in the very lowest purlieus, in the very sink
of iniquity, from whence the contestant in this
case fished him up for use on this occasion.
He was one of the main witnesses in this case
for the contestant—indeed, theAjax Telamon.
Another was Myers, whom the Committee
of Elections designates as a United States
deputy marshal. Well, he was a rover, the
testimony sfeows, all over California and Aus-
tralia. Originally a butcher, he became a police
"officer, and during the excitement and turmoil
of'the war he got to be deputy United States
marshal, or, in other words, a Government
detective for the United States, a spy, a man
to find out what was going on, a man employed
to go here, there, and everywhere, sometimes
in Missouri, sometimes in Kentucky, wherever
he was wanted.
Here let me say, in presence of this House,
lhat however useful detectives may be in time
of war, whatever services they may have ren-
dered to their country, if there is a character
on earth more despicable than another it is
the spy. The Government detectives that are
chosen on all occasions are never chosen for
their character, but because they have no char-
acter, men utterly regardless of truth or right.
And this was another test witness in this case
on behalf of the contestant.
Another of these witnesses was Chase, a man
who performed an extraordinary operation
within the portals of that church. In order
to throw out the seventh district, twenty-first
ward, two fellows, (Peter Funks we call them
in New York,) by the names of McLaughlin
and Coughlan, were introduced into the holiest
precincts of that church to Mr. Dodge by Geo-
ghegan ; and there these Peter Funks told this
Chase (so Chase swears) that they had voted
four times for me and only once for Mr. Dodge.
Now, these two witnesses thus introduced by
Geoghegan this Chase swears that he never
saw before. He did not know that their names
were McLaughlin and Coughlan, only that they
said they were; and yet by the introduction
of such witnesses as these an effort is made to
disfranchise the whole district and to throw me
out of Congress. I did not know at the time
that this was being done, but when some friends
of mine became cognizant of such rascally
tricks as Chase and Geoghegan were engaged in
they resolved to have an offset for such, when-
ever they -were to be of any worth, in Con-
gress. Henee, not in the holiest prccincts of
the church, where it is written upon the walls,
"Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy
neighbor," but in the purlieus of aliquor shop,
where "whisky," "gin," "rum," are truth-
fully written upon the labels of the bottles, the
Messrs. "McLaughlin" and " Coughlan" were
again introduced, and there they stated to an-
other man that they voted " four times for Mr.
Dodge and only once for Mr. Brooks." That
is the character of the witnesses they presented
to perform his miserable part on this occasion.
That is the part the witness Chase, in concert
with Geoghegan, acted to trick me out of my
seat and to trick Mr. Dodge in. What sort of
a character is that of Geoghegan? What sort
of a credit ought he to have among honest
men?
Another of those witnesses was a Mr. Bur-
chell, the land agent of the contestant in the
contested third district, twenty-first ward. This
Mr. Burchell there represented for Mr. Dodge a
large landedpropertyheheldin the third district.
That ward was originally a farm belonging to Mr.
Phelps, the father-in-law of Mr. Dodge. And
by the conversion of the farm into city lots the
property became of immense value. Through
this Mr. Burchell an effort was made to prove
that the contestant in this case had 188 in-
stead of 137 votes in this district. He exerted
all his landlord power and all his ingenuity to
accomplish that purpose. Irishman after Irish-
man and German after German was brought
up before the judge on that occasion to swear
how they voted, for whom they voted. It was
supposed to be certain that by the ownership
of mortgages upon their property, by the pos-
session of their houses, by having control of
their wives _ and children through the _ tene-
ments in which they lived, the contestant in this
