1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2627
dred and seventy, to strikeout the words " as-
signee or assigns," and insert "legal reprc-
sentatives.r
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING-. I move to go back to offer
the following amendment:
Insert in line seven hundred and seventy-five,
after the word " provided," the following:
Tho several rates hereinuiter stated for business
tax shall beassessed annually and in alleases wherein
an additional amount is dependent upon the amount
of his or tbeir sales, such sales shall be registered
monthly, and the additional tax shall bo assessed
and eollectcd as in tho ease of tax upon manufac-
tures.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
That section seventy-six be amended by striking
out all after {lie enacting clause and inserting, in
lieu thereof, the following: that in every case where
more than one of thepursuits, employments, or occu-
pations, hereinafter described, shall be pursued or
carried on in the same place by the same person at
tho same time, except as hereinafter provided, the
tax must be paid for each according to the rates sev-
erally proscribed: J>rooided, That in cities and towns
having a less population than six thousand persons
according to the last preceding census, ono special
tax may embrace the business oi land-warrant orok-
ers, claim agents, and real-estate agents, upon pay-
ment of the highest rate of tax applicable to either
one of said pursuits.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike ont the
■woi'd " may," in line eight hundred and ninety-
eight, and insert £( shallbe held to;" so that it
will read:
, One special tax shall be held to embrace the busi-
ness of land-warrant brokers, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
That section seventy-seven be amended by striking
out all after the enactingclause and inserting, inhou
thereof, the following: that no auctioneer shall, by
virtue of having paid tho special tax as an auctioneer,
sell any goods or other property at private sale, or
employ any other person to act as auctioneer in his
behalf, exccpt in his own store or warehouse orinhis
presence; and any auctioneer who shall sell guod&or
commodities otherwise than by auction, without hav-
ing paid the special tax imposed upon such business,
shall besubject and liable to the penalty imposed upon
personsdealiiigin or retailing,trading, or selling goods
or commodities without payment of the special tax
for exercising or carrying on such trade or business:
and where goods or commodities arc tho property of
any person or persons taxed to deal in or retail, or
trade in or sell the same, it shall and may be lawful
for any person exorcising or carrying on the trade or
business of an auctioneer to sell such goods or com-
modities for and on behalf of such porson or persons
in said house or premises.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word 11 or," in line nine hundred and six, and
insert the words "nor shall he;" so that it
will read:
That no auctioneer shall, by virtue of having
paid the special tax as an auctioneer, sell any goods
or other pjoperty at piivatc sale, nor shall ho em-
ploy any other person to act as auctioneer in his
behalf, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next two paragraphs, as
follows:
That section seventy-eight be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting, in
lieu thereof, the following: that any number of
persons, except lawyers, conveyancers, claim agent?,
patent agents, physicians, surgeons, dentists, cattle
brokers, horse dealers, and peddlers, doing business
in copartnership at any one place, shall bo required
to pay but one special tax for such copartnership.
That section seventy-nine be amended by striking
out all after the cnacting clause and inserting, in
lieu thereof, the following : that there shall he paid,
annually, on the 1st of May, or on commencing any
trade, business, or profession, a special tax, as here-
inafter stated, respectively, that is to say.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out all ]
after the word £i following" in the last para-
graph, and insert in lieu thereof these words :
That a special tax shall be, and hereby is, imposed
as follows, that is to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next two paragraphs, as
follows:
1. Banks chartered or organized under ageneral law
with a capital not exceeding $50,000, and bankers
using or employing a capital not exceeding the sum
of 850,000, shall pay &100; when exceeding $50,QUO,
for every additional thousand dollars in excess of
$50,000, two dollars. Every incorporated or other
bank, and every person, firm, or company having a
place of business where credits are oponed by the
deposit or collection of money or ourroncy, subject to
be paid or remitted upon draft, check, or order, or
where money is advanced or loaned on stocks, bonds,
bullion, bills of exchange, or promissory notes, or
where stocks, bonds, bullion, bills of exchango, or
promissory notes arc received for discount or forsale,
shall be regarded as a bank or as a banker under this
act: Provided, That any saving? bank having no cap-
ital stock, and whose business is confined to receiving
deposits and loaning or investing the same for tho
benefit of its depositors, and which does no other
business of banking, shall not be subject to this tax.
2. Wholesale dealers, whose annual sales do not ex-
ceed $50,000, shall pay fifty dollars; and if exceeding
$50,000, for every additional thousand dollars in excess
of $50,000, one dollar. Every person shall be regarded
as a wholesale dealer under this act whose busirfess
itis, for himself or on commission, to sell or offer to
sell any goods, wares, or merchandise of foreign or
domestic production, not including wines, spirits, or
malt liquors, whose annual sales exceed $25,000. And
the.special tax to be paid by any wholesale dealer
shall not bo estimated on aless amount than his sales
for the previous year, unless lie has made or proposes
to make some change in his business that will, in the
judgment of tho assessor or assistant assessor, reduce
the amount of his annual sales; nor shall tho pay-
ment of the spccial tax as a wholesale dealer exempt
any such person acting as a commercial broker from
tho payment of the special tax imposed upon com-
mercial brokers: Provided, Thatanytax understated
may and shall bo again assessed; and no person pay-
ing the special tax asawholesalo dealer in liquors
shall bo required to pay an additional special tax. on
account of the sale of other goods, wares, or mer-
chandise on the same premises: And provided further.
That in estimating tho amount of sales for tho pur-
poses of this section, any sales made by or through
another wholesale dealer on commission shall not be
again estimated and included as sold by the party for
whom the sale was made.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word "exceeding," in line nine hundred and
fifty-five, and insert the words "their annual
sales exceed;'' also, to insert before the word
"one," in the next line, the words "they shall
payso that it will read :
And iftheir annual sales excocd $50,000 thoy shall
pay one dollar.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after
line nine hundred and fifty-six the following:
And the amount of all sales within the vear beyond
150,000 shall be returned monthly to the assistant
assessor, and the tax on sales in excess of $50,000
shall be aspc^ed by the assessors and paid monthly
as other monthly taxes are assessed and paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. It is now necessary to
strike out after the word "and" in line nine
hundred and sixty-two, down to and including
the word "shall" in line nine hundred and
sixty-seven, and to insert,the word "shall" in
line nine hundred "and sixty-eight; so that the
clause will read :
And tho payment of tlio special tax a wholesalo
dealer shall exempt any i-ueh person, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to strike
out after the word "that," in line nine hun-
dred and seventy-one, down to and including
the word "and," in line nine hundred and
seventy-two; so that it will read:
That no person paying tho special tax as a whole-
sale dealer in liquors shall be required to pay an
additional special tax, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIUBBAIID, of Iowa. I move to strike
out line nine hundred and thirty-four to nine
hundred and forty inclusive, and to insert in
lieu thereof:
All banks chartered or organized under a general
law shall pay $100.
Mr. MORRILL. I raise the point of order
that we have passed that paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out " one
dollar" in line nine hundred and fifty-six and
insert " two dollars;" so that it shall read:
"Wholesale dealers, whose annual sale? do not ex-
ceed $50,090, shall pay fiftv dollars; and if their an-
nual sales cxceed $50,000, for every additional thou-
sand dollars in excess of $50,000, they shall pay two
dollars.
The object of the amendment is this : in tho
section immediately preceding we make banks
and bankers pay two dollars for every additional
thousand dollars over$50,000. Thissection pro-
posed to make wholesale dealers pay one dollar
on a thousand on thoir sales above $50,000.
Gentlemen who are acquainted with the business
will understand that tho profits of one are about
equal to the profits of the other, and the whole-
sale dealer can well afford to pay two dollars
on Si,000 of sales during a year.
Mr. MORRILL. As the present bill is one
mainly reducing the tax, I hope wo shall not
adopt the amendment proposed. For one I
am disposed to allow the people of the United
States to have all the ^oods they may have
occasionto consume atthelowestpossiblerate,
and a tax imposed in this form would necessa-
rily enhance the price.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhaused on
the amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I move pro formit to make
it $1 50. I want to show the fallacy of the
argument of the gentleman. Ho proposes to
give the people cheap goods. Will he tell me
how much more a man will have to pay for a
yard of muslin which is usually retailed at
twoutj^ive cents when the wholesale dealer
has to pay an additional dollar tax on a thou-
sand dollars' worth of goods? It would be
going a little further with infinitesimal arith-
metic to get at that result than I am able to
cipher.
Mr. MORRILL. As a matter of experi-
ence, we know th^t our city horse railroad
companies put on a whole cent extra to cover
a lax of one eighth of a cent. And when we
put on a tax of six cents on a ton of coal, there
was not a single instance where the price did
not immediately rise at least twenty-five cents.
And so it has been in a great many other in-
stances. This tax takes the place of a license.
Some largo wholesale dealers now pay seventy
or eighty thousand dollars a year in the form
of a license or special tax. I think it is
enough.
Mr. PRICE. I withdraw tho amendment to
tho amendment.
Mr. BGGLI5STON. I move pro forma to
make it $'2 75. I wish my friend from Iowa
[Mr. Price] would withdraw his amendment.
So far as the business classes of the community
are concerned they are not only taxed once and
twice but in many cases five and six times.
And now the gentleman proposes where a man
sells more than $50,000 that he shall pay a
tax of 'two dollars on every thousand dollars,
or double the rate proposed in the bill. It
applies to all commission merchants, all brok-
ers, all clflsses of men who sell property
which has been consigned to them. Take a
firm that sells at one half per cent, commission.
In the first placc you make them pay a license
and then you tax them on the sales. You will
tax the business out of existence. I say that
one dollar is high enough. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Tiie question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Price, it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
3. Itetail dealers shall pay ten dollars. Every per-
son whose business or occupation it is to sell or offer
for sale any goods, wares, or merchandise of foreign
or domestic production, not including spirits, wines,
ale, beer, or other malt liquors, and whose annual
sales exceed $1,000 and do not exceed $25,000, shall be
regarded as a retail dealer under this act.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move to amend by adding
the following:
Provided, however. That when the annual sales of
a retail dealer excced $23,000, for every additional
thousand dollars in excess of $25,000 he shall pay ono
dollar.
As the law now stands, and as it has hereto-
fore been executed, a retail dealer who sells
§25,001 is charged as a wholesale dealer and
required to pay a license of fifty dollars. That
seems to me unreasonable and unjust. It seems
to me more, just and reasonable that retail deal-
ers should bo graded in this way, so as to pay a
dollar for every additional thousand dollars,
rather than to be required to pay fifty dollars
for a wholesale license because their sales
barely exceed S25,000.
Mr. MORRTLL. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. It is necessary to make some
lino of demarkation between a retail dealer
and a wholesale dealer. At whatever point
