1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
New York Contested Election—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. of Reps.
case, through his land agent, Burchell, could
force these Irishmen, Germans, and Americans,
too, to be recreant to their oath. Thank God,
he failed. Though they may have told him for
the purpose of saving their property that they
voted for Mr.- Dodge, yet when they were
brought up before the judge to give their testi-
mony upon oath, with very few exceptions they
were true to truth, and the contestant tailed to
make out his case in that district. Instead of
producing 137 votes, with all the violence of
his landlord power, he was able to produce but
about 120 votes, running behind his ticket, and
therefore the Committee of Elections could
not throw out the district as he intended and
desired.
Another of these witnesses, one Hargin, of
the thirteenth district of the eighteenth ward,
■was another character. This Hargin was an
Irishman, originally from Connaught; an up-
holsterer by trade, afterward a low play-actor
by profession, and finally an employ^ of the
Federal Government for the purpose of enroll-
ing people of the city of New York. It is not
only proven in the evidence that he is a man
of utterly abandoned and worthless character,
so abandoned that the committee had to throw
all his evidence out, but that he was willing
to receive, and did receive, twenty or thirty dol-
lars from the laboring men of that district to
release them from the enrollment.
Sir, this congregation of witnesses needed
something else added to them. It needed a
saint as well as a satan. Geoghegan was the
satan, and they got a Mr. Dean to work up
the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward,
who in his affidavit swears at the start, "I am
a man of religious principle." To make out
the conglomeration perfect, it was necessary to
have this saint as well as all these satans. What
a set of witnesses to swear a member out of his
seat! What a regiment of rogues, cheats, and
even saints! Sir, when I look at all these wit-
nesses, when I dwell upon their character, and
when I see how Mr. Dodge and Geoghegan mar-
shaled them in his parlor and in his church, I
am led to exclaim,, in the words of Shakspeare:
"Eye of newt,and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of dog,
Adder's fork and blind-worm's sting,
Lizard's leg, and owlet's wing,
For a charm of powerful trouble,
Like a hell-broth boil and bubble."
During a year and a half of the hardest work
of my life, I have realized the force of the line
of Shakspeare—•
"Double, double, toil and trouble."
Sir, when I look at the character of these
witnesses produced from that great city which
i in part represent, and which is in some decree
the modern Rome, I am often reminded of the
glowing words which Cicero used when describ-
ing a cloud of witnesses which Rome vomited
forth upon the expulsion of Catiline:
" Quis veneficus, quis gladiator, quis latro, quis sica-
rius, quis parriciaa, quis testamentorum subjector, quis
circumscripta,quisganeo," * "* ' Qy*8
perditus invert iri potest, qui se cum Catilina, non fa-
milifirisrime, vixisse pateatur
""What wretch," it may be translated, "what
rogue, what scoundrel, what abandoned villain
has the contestant in this case not had either
in his church or in his own parlor I"
Let me read from the record here, which is
to mc one of the most agreeable and yet one of
the most painful records I ever met with in all
my life. I read from the examination of
Geoghegan:
Interviews of Geoghegan icith Dodge, in Dodge*s Parlor.
Extract from D., 454.
"Question. Where was it that you saw Mr. Dodge?
"Answer. In his own house, the first time that I
saw him; I went there to call on him.
"Question. Where did Mr. Dodge reccive you?
*"j4nsiee>\ In his own house ; in his parlor.
"Question. What passed between you and him on
that occasion ? _
"Answer. Nothing only he asked me if Iwouldii t
go down and testify to .the best of my knowledge
what 1 knew about the district.
"Question. That was the whole of the conversation i
"Answer. That was the whole of the conversation.
I told him I would do so with pleasure.
"Question. Where did you see Mr. Phelps? (Mr.
Dodge's counsel.)
"Answer. I saw him down in Wall street, in his
office.
"Question. You didn't go to his house?
"Answer. No, sir, I went to his office to tell him
that I knew a little about that district,
"Question. When did you go there?
"Answer. Someday last week; I don't know the
exact day. X went there some day through the week
myself, without his or any man ever sending for'me.
Question. Have you ever been to Mr. Brooks's house t
"Answer. No, sir."
The part of this evidence which I read with
Sain is that which records that a merchant of
few York, aspiring to represent its commerce
and its trade, a representative of the noblest
class of men, should have consented, for polit-
ical purposes, to introduce within the portals
of his house, and into the presence of his wife
and family, a perjurer, a bruiser, a fighter, a
man maimed in his limbs by the innumerable
fights in which he had taken part. On the
other hand, that part of this record which I
read with pleasure and delight, and which I
wish to place before the country on record is
the clos; ng remark of Geoghegan, that he never
was in Mr. Brooks's house.
One word as to the character of this man
Myers, the cooperator of Geoghegan to disfran-
chise the seventh district twenty-first ward, an-
other of the witnesses in this case. I must read
the testimony which is dh page 398. Myers
was using a city letter-carrier to drop letters
for him to enter on the registry, telling him at
the time to take no trouble to find them:
" Question. Do youknow whether it is usual for car-
riers to hunt in couples ?
"Answer. Not very usual.
" Question. It is rather moro usual for policemen to
hunt in couples, is it not?
" Answer. I was learning my route.
" Question. Why did you haTe to learn it ?
" Answer. It uas merely a subterfuge.
" Question. In other words, you acted a lie on that
occasion?
'' Answer. We have to use such dodges sometimes.
" Question. You don't think it wrong, as a partisan,
to use either dodges or subterfuges t
"Answer. No, sir. .... ,.
" Question. If your party had required it, youwould
occasionally tell a lie as well as act it?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Is there any very great distinction
between acting and telling a lie?
"Answer. A great deal.
"Question. Please define the difference between
acting a lie and telling one.
" Answer. A detective has got to use all subterfuges in
the world, without compromising himself ina lie, in get-
ting ony information he wants.
" Question. Are you a detective ?
"Answer. I have been.
" Question. And your habits as a detective cling to
you still, don't they?
" Answer. They do a little.'
It was in the time of the drafts that this well-
known Government detective was sent to hunt
upon Dutch Hill for names upon the voting list
and registry. Myers was known to everybody in
this district. What did he do to find men not
residents in the district? Why, sir, in the midst
of this excitement he went to the women and the
children. In such times women would swear
their husbands were not residents, or dead,
although they were right aside of them or under
the bed, to escape a draft. Children would
swear in the same manner to the police officer
or the Government detective, and yet such tes-
timony of affrighted women and children is
brought up here to oust me from my seat. Let
me read from the testimony of Myers here :
" Myers, as a spy on Dutch Hill, goes around among
the women and children not to find voters."
Extract from D., 402.
"Question. Were they men or women that you
asked?
"Answer. Women.
"Question. Women entirely?
"Answer. Yes."
Extract from D„ 407.
"Question. Where did you inquire for this Herwin
Lonkin? .. ,,
"Answer. Up between Thirty-Ninth ana Fortieth
streets.
"Question. On the hill? ,
"Answer. Yes. sir; an oldresident up there said he
lived in Forty-Fifth street.
"Question. Who is that old resident?
"Ansicer. An old lady that has lived there for years
and years.
" Question. What is her name ?
"Answer. That's more than I cart tell you. .
"Question. What is her business?
"Answer. I can't tell you."
Extract from Myers, I)., 409.
"Question. How many do you think you informed
yourself about through Steve Geohegan ?
"Answer. He gave a good deal ofinformationwrten
I looked for parties I could not find myself. He cor-
roborated other people's statements.
"Question. How did you happen to go to Steve
Geohegan to get information about these parties ?
"Answer. By being acquainted with him, that's all.
Question. Did you send for him, or did he send for
you ?
"Answer. I didn't send for him at all; I used to
stop in his house when i went up that way on several
occasions."
i am to be sworn out of my seat in the House
of Representatives by a lot of women and chil-
dren protecting their husbands and brothers
from a draft, or Geoghegan, whose testimony is
distilled to this House through Myers.
Sir, before the lawyers of this House i should
but waste time to dwell upon the worthlessness
and illegality of all such hearsay testimony as
this. i forbear to say more here on that point.
We have another character, Brady. Now,
Brady was clerk of the regular fifteenth dis-
trict of the eighteenth ward, app_ointed_ by Mr.
Dodge himself, or his friends in his interest,
another of the witnesses who is now used in
this case to swear me off the floor of the House.
Let me read from his testimony in the big book
to show the character of the man :
" Question. How many times had you taken some-
thing to drink that morning that you went down
there to act as clerk of the registry ?
"Answer. Idon'tknow.
" Question. How many times do you think?
"Answer. I couldn't form no idea.
" Question. Are you really positive that youhadn t
taken so much that it influenced you?
"Answer. Oh, no; it didn't influence my nerves.
" Question. How many glasses does it take to affect
y0"Answer. It depends altogether on how the sys-
ie™Question. How was your system at that time?
"Answer. I didn't take note ofit. _
" Question. How many glasses did you take that
^^Answer. I don't know; I didn't count them; I
wasn't that particular about it.
" Question. IIow many did you take?
"Answer. I don't know; I might have taken four,
or two, or six, or fifteen.
" Question. If you had drank fifteen, would it influence
you much ? , ... . . ,. . . .*
"Answer. If I drank 'em right down it might; but if
I took all day I don't think it would.
" Question. Did you vote for Mr. Barr more easily
because Mr. Dodge was a temperance candidate /
"Answer. Ididn't make any inquiries aboutwhether
they were temperance men or not.
" Question. Now, just be careful and think whether
you could not have taken so many that morning
whether you hadn't taken so many that you had tor-
got whether Mr. Dougherty administered the oatti
to you ?
"Answer. Oh, no; ltwas too soon.
" Question. How early do you commence generally !
"Answer. Not until after I get out of bed; it de-
pends upon howl feel. .
" Question. How did you' feel that morning ?
"Answer. I think I felt like taking a drink; I don t
know whether I took one or not.
" Question. Did you take any before you started !
"Answer. Idon'tknow; -it's suchausual occurrence
that I didn't takeno note of it. .
"Question. What do you drmkwhen you do drmk?
"Answer. Sometimes ale, sometimes Bourbon, some-
times la^er. .
"Question. Did any person ever say anything to you
about any consideration, beneficial to yourself that
you could have for voting for Barr?
"Answer. No. sir. . .
. "Question. Do you say that positively.
"Answer. I am pretty well satisfied oi it.
"Question. I ask you if you can say positively r
"Answer. I say so positively; because I don t rec-
ollcct. , 0
"Question You would know if there was/
If I got, it; yes, sir.
"Question. If you were to get it, it is a matter you
would know? „ . .
"Answer. All I got, I got a few dollars to spend
towards electioneering. a'-r,.;™ «>
"Question. Who did you get them from, 0 Brien?
"Answer. Yes, sir; toward helping the election of
^Question. And you told him you would vote for
Barr?
him.
Answer. I told him I would do what I could for
Question. And you voted all tho Republican ticket
except for Congress? . .
"Awwer. Yes, sir; that is, the Union ticket.
"Question. Who did you vote for for President,
BOW?
