APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. os Keps.
New- York Contested Election—Mr. Brooks,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
"Answer. I voted the RepaWisftn electoral ticket.
"Question. How came you to vote for Barr for Con-
gress ?
"Answer. Because I fclt likoit."'
Now, Mr.Spe«kcf,i-two ld weiary theHouse
too-much for m&tQi enter into further reading
to show th'e c^&MKjfer-of tifewifeesses in this
ease. I' need wJi ,s&y- to yOT, Mfc.. Speaker,
and to this House,, that Us* York ig  in some
respects the sewerage of the wljqi® earth, thaj;
no criminal throughout alt Europe, many a
criminal in Asia .mm! Africa, no criminal in
any of our own States, no rascal who wishes
to hide himself, C3$ so well bury himself and
his iniquities as in "the streets .occupied by the
million of people-who make up the vast popu-
lation of New York. I need not .say to this
Honse, in a population like that witnesses
can be suborned to svyeajto anything anybody
wishes them to swear tQ.
Bat let we not be misunderstood in reference
to that noble and magnificent city. No city on
the earth prosents nobler characteristics. It is
a place of abundant charities. It has palatial
structure? which line its rivers and deck its
numerous islands to receive,the poor and mis-
erable from all parts of the world. It has
churches, hundreds in number, whose spires
point to heaven, all proclaiming the Christian-
ity, the religion,,the excellence, the general
patriotism, and charity of that people. In such
a vast population, resembling that of ancient
Rome as described by Cicero, in words I have
quoted from one of his orations against Cat-
iline, of course it was to be expected, if men of
wealth, of gigantic income, chose to purchase
scoundrels and perjurers, and to receive them
in their parlors or offices, they could secure
scores of them to swear if necessary even the
very hair from your head.
Mr. Speaker, in the course of this discussion
some very extraordinary theories have been
advanced in the report of the Committee of
Kleetions, and in the speeches of some mem-
bers, the most extraordinary of which, as it
seems to me, is that in contested districts the
sitting member is to account for every voter,
if all the districts should be contested, even
for the whole twenty-six thousand-odd voters,
Brooks, Barr, and Dodge men. There is no
sense, if there is any law, in all that. But
such was the task I was put to in the seventh
district, twenty-first ward, and fifteenth dis-
trict, eighteenth ward, and the success of my
task has been wonderful, and can bo seen by
my brief, &c.
If the expenses of such witnesses can be
paid, I can produce here, on the floor of this
House, for I have seen them since, in the city
of New York, and will bring them here, wit-
ness after witness to contradict Myers and
Dean. I cannot produce all the thirteen thou-
sand voters that voted for Mr. Dodge, or the
forty-five hundred that voted for Mr. Barr, or
all the thousands of men that voted for me.
That is out of my power. It is out of human
power. It is no such duty as a man can b.e
expected to perform. And such a theory as
this is heard for the first time on the floor of
this House.
More than a year after the election how am I
to be accountable for any of the men who voted
for Dodge or Brooks or Barr? The thing-is
impossible; and every man must know it is as
senseless, I am sure, in law as in human judg-
ment,for lawis the essence of sense, and notof
such nonsense as this would make of law. Suf-
fice it to say, that in these two election districts
there were two Republican registrars and one
Democratic; two Republican inspectorsand one
Democratic ; and two clerks, one of whom was
a Republican. I had not a single friend what-
soever ; no, not one. These officers of the elec-
tion were appointed by the Tammany organ-
ization and by the Republican organizations
of the city of New York. Tammany Hall was
opposed to me and the Republicans wore op-
posed to nre. I had not one inspector or regis-
trar or canvasser there at that election, andyet
I am arraigned here for frauds said to have been
committed—it may be by Dodge, it may be by
Barr, but never even alleged to have been com-
mitted by me.
Sir, I rtiadc an experiment at that election—
a great experiment ,known to the people of this
cptlrttry. I made an experiment to see if a man
could - rufi: for office and. b.e supported by the
people of. New York who would not pay for or
buy the nomination from a convention. The
conventions of both parties, in New York have
men ia them who are held up in the shambles
for sale to- the highest bidder. Relying upon
the people, I went not to those - conventions to
purehase or to higgle or to buy one. I did.not
march up and down among the men of property
in that district, for they, seldom go out to public
meetings or take any interest in anything that
adds-not to their property; but in those river
districts, night and day, at the cart-tail, upon
every little stage that I could improvise in street,
as well as in hall, I invoked the people of New
York to east aside these false and corrupt nom-
inations, a.od send me back to Congress by their
own will. I told them,-though, "I will pay no
money whatsoever for an election, but of you,
the people,-1 beg and implore your suffrage."
Proud and defiant elsewhere, I addressed
those whp are the rep.1 sovereigns of the coun-
try, and who ©o ld elect me to office despite
all arrangements elsewhere. And thanks to
the, people,' thanks to the virtue of the hard-
fisted mechanics, those steamboat men, these
machinists, these fishermen, those gas-men;
thanks to them, they crushed the machinery of
parties all to pieces and sent me back triumph-
ant to the floor of this House. And I say to
you now, here on this floor, with all due humil-
ity and submission, that if you throw me out
from this House or this constituency I will
come rolling back here, amid the thundering
voices of thousands and thousandsof these peo-
ple, for these hard-fisted mechanics who have
broken all political machines will dare to send
me, and even dare to proclaim their will om-
nipotent. I shall go again to the foundery-
shops and the gas-shops; I shall again mount
the cart-tail and the barrel, and reproelaim
that I desire the suffrages of the people, and I
know they will give their hearts and heads in
cheerful free will.
But what a theory is this, that I am to be held
accountable for every man upon the register or
upon the poll-list; that I am to be held re-
sponsible, months and months after the elec-
tion, for every man who voted in the vast pop-
ulation of an ever-changing city! Why, sir, to
apply the same rule to the contestant that he
applies to me, the evidence discloses that a
witness was sent to the Fifth Avenue Hotel to
hunt up who voted as from thence, and on the
poll-list, and from which he received some 60 or
70 votes, and after the election they could pro-
duce but 20 or 30 who were, if I recollect
aright the number, really resident there! The
evidence shows that a change in the population
is greater in the streets and houses where the
rich live even than in the tenement houses
inhabited by the hard-fisted mechanics.
A great cry is then raised here against the
sale of liquors near the polling places. Why,
Mr. Speaker, there is more liquor in the cel-
lars of the Fifth Avenue Hotel, or in the hotels
contiguous to it, at this day and this hour, more
rum, gin, whisky, brandy, and wines of all
kinds than are to be found in all the avenues
of the river districts, which are inhabited by
the hard-fisted mechanics. The only difference
is this, that in the cases of the hotels the liquor
may be good, while in the river districts it is
not quite so good as it might be.
Now, sir, let mo illustrate the difficulty of
finding the names of voters on the register.
It is proved in the testimony that a man by the
name of Jung, when shown his own name writ-
ten down on the poll-list " Young,".declared
that "such a fellow never did live at that
place," and that he had never heard of him,
although his own name is pronoun eed " Young.''
Thten here is the case of a man by the name of
Fleische. He says that no American can write
down his name; that it is pronounced like
"Fletcher," and that upon every poll-list h:3
name is written down Fletcher. Now, if the
great poet, Goethe, had voted in New York,
his name would have been written on the poll-
list "Gerta;" and if that magnificent genius
had-gone to the polls he would have found his
name thus recorded. Nothing is more com-
mon than a change of name from one to an-
other. Whenever, during the old French war,
the British sailors captured a ship from the
Freneh navy, they always rechristened it;
thus, the "Bellerophon " the "Billy Ruffian,"
and the "Andromache" became the "Andrew
Mackey." Changes like these are of constant
occurrence, and yet I am held responsible by
the Committee of Elections, not alone for the
orthography of voters, but for the phonography
also. What injustice upon my constituents as
well as upon me 1
Mr. NIBLAOK. Will the gentleman from
New York give way for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall close up this
matter to-night.
Mr. BROOKS! I shall not be able to finish
what I have to jaay this evening.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
complete his speech,, and then, if the House
will listen to me- for a few minul es, we will close
up the talk on this case, and be ready to take
the vote in the morning. '
Mr. BROOKS. I will proceed. Now, here
in the seventh district of the twenty-first ward,
there are eleven officers, under their solemn
oaths, swearing to the verity of this election.
Three registrars, three inspectors, three can-
vassers, and two clerks—a large majority of
whom belong to the dominant party here. And
yet, by the evidence of Geoghegan and Myers,
an effort is made to disfranchise over four hun-
dred voters in that district. In addition to all
that, it will be found that the clerk of the polls,
the clerk of the registrars of that district, Beek-
man, was a Republican, who testified before
the judge what his politics are, and that he did
not vote forme; and he swears that everything
was properly conducted there. Now, I put it
to the justice and to the common sense of, this
House, and to its honor, if, upon any mere
informality, eleven sworn officers of the elec-
tion are to be overthrown and four hundred-odd
voters utterly disfranchised upon such worthless
testimony as that of Myers and Geoghegan.
But even if the whole vote of the seventh
district of the twenty-first ward be thrown out,
it docs not change the result. Hence thegreat
contest in this case is upon the fifteenth district
of the eighteenth ward, and upon that I pro-
pose to enlarge at some considerable length.
The officers of this district were, as they were
in the other district, two Republican and one
Democrat registrars, two Republican and one
Democrat inspectors, with a Republican clcrk.
A great effort, has been made, and it has
been argued so that the House now compre-
hends it, to show that the registrars must live
in the particular election district where they
serve. And it is argued that if they do not all
live in the little election district where they
serve, that district must be disfranchised,
because the votes there were illegally received.
Now, among legal gentlemen, there have been
doubts upon the subject of what was the con-
struction of the law in the case. There are
doubts in the city of New York; but the prac-
tice on both sides has been, for instance, to
select from the Republican districts their keen-
est and sharpest men as officers of the election
to be sent into the Democratic districts, while
the Democrats have taken from their districts
their keenest and sharpest men to send into the
Republican election districts.
I hold in my hand the Proceedings of the
