1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
proposition is to amend the resolution so as to
say that he is not entitled to his sent, and to
assign a reason for 1 hat declaration. I hold—
I may lie mistaken, but I submit the question—
that the amendment is not in order, because
the Senate on Friday last refused to vote that
Mr. Stockton was not entitled to a seat on the
yeas and nays, upon a vote on which Mr.
Stockton himself did not vote. The proposi-
tion was then distinctly made to the Senate
that he was not entitled to his seat; a vote was
had upon it; the vote was against the propo-
sition; it was rejected; there has been no
appeal from that decision ; and now the at-
tempt is made to amend the resolution so as
to say that Mr. Stockton is not entitled to a
seat. I apprehend that it is the same ques-
tion, and the fact that a reason is assigned in
the amendment for so voting now makes no
difference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair, the proposed amendment
is in order. An amendment, in the precise
terms of the former amendment might be ob-
noxious to the objection made by the Senator
from Delaware; but this proposed amendment
is different entirely in its terms; and though it
may come to the same result, it is not obnox-
ious 011 the ground that it is out of order.
Mr. CLARK. Some Senators having sug-
gested tome that it is better not to state in the
resolution the reason why Mr. Stockton was not
elected. I will modify my amendment. I now
propose to strike out the same words which I
before moved to strike out, but to insert: " is
not entitled to a, seat as Senator from the State
of New .Jersey for the term of six years from
the 1th day of March, IStio,'' so that the reso-
lution, if thus amended, would read:
Rcinlvril. That John P. Stockton is not entitled to
a scat as Senator from the State of New Jersey for
the lerni of mx years fiom tin; -tih day of March, ISCj.
Mr. SA.ULSI5URY. Now I renew my ob-
jection to the amendment. What was the ques-
tion decided on Friday last? It was that the
Senate would not say, and it refused to say,
that Mr. Stockton was not entitled to his seat.
Jf he was entitled to his seat, he was entitled to
it, from the tl h of .March, Dili.}. The amendment
as now modified is certainly directly within the
objection which I make,-that, it is precisely the
same question that the Senate decided before,
and raiding the words "from the 4th day of
. March, 18C>">," cannot alter it, because the Sen-
ate, on Friday last, said by a solemn vote that
they would not declare that lie was not entitled to
his .'-.eat, and his credentials, under which he was
then acting, said that lie was entitled to that
seat, if entitled at all. from the -itli of March,
ISti.V It is precisely the very same question,
in my judgment, which the Senate decided on
Fiiday last. I again submit my point of order,
that the amendment is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the amendment is in order, again re-
peating that upon a question of order it is not
uniform, and, indeed, perhaps never the case,
that though (ho same result may be arrived at
an amendment is out of order because the Sen-
ate lias before acted on it. The amendment
must tie in the same words as the previous one
winch has been decided in order, in the opin-
ion of the ('hair, to be obnoxious to the objec-
tion that it is not in order. That it comes to
the faun- thing in substance is a matter of
lea.-oning. not a question of order.
Mr. lJO\v ARD. Mr. President, I shall vole
for this amendment to the resolution of the
Committee of the Judiciary. I was not pres-
ent last week when this subject was before the
Senate or 1 should have endeavored to express
my ideas to the Senate on the subject more
fully and at larcro than 1 now propose to do,
but, I cannot suffer this subject (o be acted upon
finally without saying a few words.
I have read with a good deal of interest the
report made by that learned committee upon
this subject, ami have endeavored to compre-
hend the facts ill the case as clearly as I was
able, and aho the law which is applicable to
the case, and on tho most mature reflection
that I have been able to give it, I have come
to the conclusion that the committee, learned
as they are confessedly, are wrong in the re-
sult to which tliey have arrived. The com-"
mittee at the conclusion of tlieir report, lay
down this broad proposition :
" Your committee prefer placing the authority of
the ioint meeting to preicribo the plurality rule on
the brotuler ground, that in the absence of any law,
either oi Congress or the State, on the subject, a joint
meeting of the two Houses of n Legislature, duly as-
sembled. and vested with tho authority to elect a
United States Senator, has a. right to prescribe that
a plurality may elect, onthe principle that the adop-
tion of such a rule by a majority vote in the first in-
stance makes tho act, subsequently done in pursu-
ance of such majority vote, its own."
Sir, I deny the soundness of the law thus
announced. Mr. Stockton was elected at a
joint meeting of the two ldouses of the Legis-
lature of New Jersey acting together. _ The
sole object and the sole power pertaining to
that body, so far as the election of a United
States Senator was concerned, was to elect a
United States Senator for the State of New
Jersey. That was the object for which they
were assembled. That was the extent of the
trust and of the power conferred upon that
body. That was the whole subject-matter
about which they could hold discussions and
upon which they could vote. Now, sir, I deny
the principle laid down by the committee of
this House, that it i.< competent for such a
body of men to part with that power which by
the common law and common sense pertains
to tho majority, and to turn over the power and
the functions which they are to exercise to a
minority, or a plurality even. If the principle
were applicable in that joint meeting, it is
upon the same ground applicable in the Senate
of the United States, and it may with just as
much propriety be said that it is competent
for the Senate of the United States, by a reso-
lution, to declare that a plurality of its mem-
bers may pass bills as it was for that joint
meeting to declare that a mere plurality might
elect a United States'Senator.
Sir, it strikes me as being an abdication of
the power conferred upon them by the Legis-
lature. an abandonment of a public trust placed
in their hands for important, sacred public pur-
poses ; a trust and a duty of which they could
not divest themselves without, the commission
of a great fault, not to say a public crime. If
the principle thus announced by the committee
be correct, it would have been competent in
that case for the convention known as the two
Houses to have elected a United States Senator
by simply tho votes of two of its members.
Tho meeting consisted of eighty-one persons.
Suppose there had been eighty candidates for
the Fnited States Senate, and seventy-nine of
those candidates had received one vote each,
and the remaining candidate had received two
votes only, which would have been a plurality,
the result would have been that the individual
receiving only two votes in that body would,
upon the principle laid down by the committee,
have been elected to the United States Senate
for six years. It strikes me that this view of the
subject is too plain not to challenge the atten-
tion of every member of this body, and of tho
country at large.
" Without spending farther time on the subject,
! I conclude by saying that I look upon the elec-
! tion of Mr. Stockton by tho body by which ho
purports to have been elected, as having been
in utter violation of tho fundamental principles
of universal law as well as of the principles
embodied in the constitution of New Jersey
itself, which prohibits any act to be passed or
any resolution to be passed having the force of
law, unless it receives the sanction of a major-
ity of each of the two Houses of their Legis-
lature. That is a provision contained in the
constitution of New Jersey. It is. in tho lan-
guage of the Constitution of tho United States,
the duty of the Legislature of each State to
elect United States Senators. The very phrase-
ology tff' the instrument shows that it is to be
an act of that body known in the State as the
Legislature, am)possessingthelegislative power
of the State. This convention possessed no
legislative power; it was in no sense the Le-
gislature of the State of New Jersey, but was
a mere convention established by law for the
purpose of doing one single act, and that was
to elect a United States Senator. The conven-
tion could act only by a majority. It assumed
to act through a minority of its own body, and
the gentleman from New Jersey, now upon this
floor claiming a seat, oannot claim that he hod
the support and suffrages of a majority of the
Legislature of New Jersey; and for that rea-
son it is that I hold the election was totally
void in law, and that he has no right whatever
to a seat upon this floor.
Mr. CLARK. I think the yeas and nays
have not been ordered on this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
not been.
Mr. CLARK. I ask for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, as the dis-
cussion of this question has been opened again
upon the other side, 1 tjesire, in reply, to say a
few words before the vote is taken. J have
never had a single doubt on my part since I
first examined this question; and as a simple
question of law I think, after a full investiga-
tion, few sound lawyers would entertain a doubt
in regard to it. I had the pleasure before I
came hero of taking the opinion of many emi-
nent lawyers, men of different shades of poli-
tic?, and I found, that all those whom I con-
sulted, who examined the case thoroughly, at
the conclusion of their examination were of the
same opinion. The case was investigated care-
fully and' thoroughly by the Judiciary Commit-
tee of this Senate ; they did it ample justice;
they considered it as a purely legal question,
and the report they made seems to me to be
unanswerable in itself. Now, Mr. President,
let, me state the case and in a few minutes give
the reasons for the conviction that it is so
strong upon any mind.
By'the Constitution of the United States ar-
ticle one, section three, "the Senate of the
United States shall be composed of two Sena-
tors from each State chosen by the Legislature
thereof for six years."
Article one, section four, " the times, placcs
and manner of holding elections for Senators
and Representatives shall be prescibed in each
Slate by the Legislature thereof," &c.
By the constitution of the State of New Jer-
sey, article four, section one, the Legislature
of the State is composed of a Senate and
General Assembly, meeting separately in some
instances, (article four, clause one, clause
three.) and in others in joint meeting, (article
four, section five, clause one.) In the latter
clause, called " Legislature in joint meeting;"
in article five, clause two, "both Houses in joint
meeting," and in article seven, section two,
clause two, clausc three, " the Senate and Gen-
eral Assembly in joint meeting."
By the statute of New Jersey entitled "An
act to prescribe the manner of appointing Sen-
ators of the United States on the part of this
State," itiscnacted " that Senators of the Uni-
ted States on the part of this State shall be ap-
pointed by tho Senate and General Assembly
of this State in joint meeting assembled," and
no further provision is contained in any statute
of the State regulating the choice of Senators,
except in case of vacancy, when the Governor
may appoint.
By the second section of the same act the
Governor is required to commission, under
the great seal of the State, every person who
shall be elected a Senator.
The senatorial term of Hon. John C. Ten
Eyck, Senator of the United States from the
State of New Jersey, expired on the ttli day
of March, in the, year 1SG-5. The .Legislature
of New Jersey assembled on tho 10th day of
January, in the year 18G5, and it became its
duty to choose a Senator in his stead to repre-
sent the State in the Senate of the United
States, To conform to the statute last stated
in the choosing of the Senator, a joint meeting
became necessary. Accordingly, soon alter
the meeting of the Legislature, on tho 8th day
