the congressional globe.
July 5,
Southern Pacific railroad had nothing to do.
It is a thing which was fixed according to the
desire of the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
An alteration was surreptitiously obtained in
the law, stopping it on the California side at
one hundred and fifty miles this side of the
California, line.
Now, what does the amendment that I pro-
pose say in regard to that?
That nothing contained in the foregoing bill shall
be so construed as to grant any mineral land to the
Union Pacific Eailroad Company, eastern division,
nor to entitle said company to receive bonds oi the
United State's for any greater number of miles than
the said company would have been entitled to had t
the bill above recited not been passed. j
•Is there anything more honest and fair than j
that? "What objection can any honest man
have to it ?
Nor shall it be'construed to prevent the Union
Pacific Railroad Company from recoiving the lull
amount of United States bonds and land to whieh it
would be entitled according to the number of miles
of road which it may build.
Now, what objection can there be to this
explanatory act? It declares that the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company shall have no more
than the original law provides. It declares
that the Union Pacific Railroad Company shall
be deprived of no right in consequence of the
passage of this law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if anything more than
that is wanted, or if anything more than that
is contained in the bill of the gentleman from
Iowa, then it seems to _ me to _ be unjust.
There is more contained in his bill, as Iper-
ceive very well. It is very cunningly devised.
It takes away two very important privileges
granted by the law of 18G2 and 1864. It takes
away the right to go where they please, only
receiving bonds up to the one hundredth me-
ridian. It takes away the right to unite and
carry on the road in ease the other company
should fail. And, according to my construction
of the gentleman's bill and amendment, it takes ;
away the right of the western road to come on !
and meet the other. Now, I wish to have two j
sections of the former law read to show that
they contain all that I have now stated except
the right to file the maps.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I read that the
other dav.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not wish to take up
any of the gentleman's time unnecessarily.
-Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand the
point the gentleman makes—that under the
act of 1864 the Kansas company would have
the right, if it reaches the one hundredth me-
ridian first, to go on and construct the Pacific
railroad.
Mr. STEVENS. Only if it reaches it and
the other is not progressing.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The'gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] lias said,
during the discussion on the original bill and
during the discussion to-day on this bill, a
great deal about no honest man possibly un-
derstanding this matter differently from what
he does. Now, sir, I do not propose to refer
to those remarks of a personal character.
Mr. STEVENS. Tho gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] misunderstood me. I said that
I thought no honest man would require more
than what [ stated was in the bill.
Mr. WILSON," of Iowa. I wish to show
what there is in this bill, and I affirm, as I did
when the original bill was under consideration,
that there is a great deal more in it than this
House understands. It was told this House,
when the original bill was under consideration,
that the bill created no now land grant what-
ever. It was so stated in the debates and in-
sisted upon by all except my colleague, [Mr.
Kassox,] who is not now in his seat. -He did
state in effect that the bill which we have passed
creates an additional land grartt. He uses this
language:
"And I have only to say that if for this same grant,
without one additional dollar of United States bonds,
and with nothing additional but the grant of land,
there- is any man or set of men who are willing to
take that land and build that road in preference
to ifoina up the Republican and crossing over the
divide Between the Republican and Platte to the
Omaha route, near the one hundredth parallel, I
say it is a duty we owe to the people of this country
to allow it to be done."
To what land grant did he refer? The land
grant contained in the bill which we passed
the other day. And what kind of a grant is
that? "That the Union Pacific Railway Com-
pany, eastern division, is hereby authorized to
designate the general route of their said road,
and to file a map thereof, as now required by
law, at any time before the first day of Octo-
ber, I860, and upon the filing of the said map,
showing the general route of said road, the
lands along the entire line thereof, so far as
the same may be designated, shall be reserved
from sale by order of the Secretary of the In-
terior." What kind of a land grant _is that?
We were told there were none in the bill. And
yet you have heard the provision which with-
draws all the land, odd sections, even sections,
mineral land and all, without any limit as to
the width of the grant, for the benefit of this
Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern di-
vision. And I may state here that I was told
by a member of the other House, who took
part in drafting this bill, that he was aston-
ished that any person in this House should in-
sist that it did not contain an additional land
grant.
Now, if it contains an additional land grant,
I want to know if it is not just ot the character
I have stated, without limitation as to width,
without limitation as to odd or even sections,
and without limitation as to the mineral lauds
of the Government. That is the character of
the land grant contained in that bill.
Now, as to another point raised by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] con-
cerning the bonds of the Government. He says
there are no bonds in that bill more than are
contained in the original act of 1804. He pro-
vides essentially iu his amendment to my bill,
that nothing contained in it shall interfere with
the right of the Union Pacific" Railroad Com-
pany to receive lands and bonds for every mile
of road that company may build. There is no
doubt, then, that his amendment is for the pur-
pose of scouring to the'Union Pacific Railroad
Company lands and bonds for every mile of
road which that company may build.
What more ? I say that the same bill secures
to the Union Pacific Railroad Company, the
road on the Smoky Hill route, precisely the
same amount of bonds that is secured to the
other road ; or at least gives them the oppor-
tunity to demand and receive from the Gov-
ernment the same number of bonds. Now,
how is that? Under tho ninth section of the
act to which the gentleman referred, the act of
18G4, it is provided that if the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, eastern division, shall reach
the one hundredth meridian before tho other
road reaches there, or if the other road shall
not be progressing in good faith in the con-
struction of its road through the Territory,
then this Union Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division, running on the Smoky Hill
route, shall go on and construct the Union
Pacific railroad. Nov.', suppose it should do
that, what right does it acquire by the con-
struction of the Union Pacific railroad? The
same rights, the same privileges, the same
benefits, and the same subsidies that are pro-
vided for in the act of 1804 for the construc-
tion of the Union Pacific railroad.
Nov,-, sir, as I was remarking, if the Kansas
, company, or the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
j pany, eastern division, shall, under tho terms
of the act of 1864, as construed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, construct tho Union
Pacific railroad on the one hundredth meridian
of longitude, it, by that construction, secures .all
the bonds provided for in the act of 1884 for
the construction of the Union Pacific railroad.
Now, what does the gentleman's amendment
propose? After the provision that the bonds
originally intended for the Union Pacific rail-
road line may go to aid in the construction of
the Smoky Hill line, what does the gentleman's
amendment propose to do for the Union Pa-
cific Railtoad Company in" that regard? It
provides that the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall nevertheless receive the lands and
bonds to the full amount provided for iu the
act of 1864 through the entire line of their
road, or so much of it as they may construct,
thereby duplicating the amount of such aid.
This is the construction that will be put upon
the provision by every person interested in the
road.
Now, all that I ask of this House is to let
this legislation rest where the country has had
reason to believe it would rest—upon the ac-
tion of Congress in 1864—except so far as may
be necessary to allow the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, eastern division, to file a map
of a new line, if the company should desire,
to build a road on" that new line. This was:
stated, as I have proved from the Globe, to be.
the only thing contained in the bill which we
passed the other day. I am willing they shall
have this privilege. I have_ no objection to it
whatever. In addition to this, the second sec-
tion allows the California company to build
their road eastward till it shall meet the line of
the Union Pacific railroad. I ami willing they
shall have this privilege. It is "proper and right
that they should have it; for the country de-
sires that this road shall be built at the ear-
liest possible moment. When the company
have secured those two things, I affirm all has
been secured which this House was willing
to believe was contemplated by the bill which
we passed the other day, and to which the bill
I present this morning is designed as an amend-
ment by way of explanation.
Now, sir, I have prepared my bill, as I stated
at the opeuiug of my remarks, in strict accord-
ance with the understanding had here the other
day. I have embodied in it precisely what I
said I was willing to grant to the Union Pacific
railroad, eastern division, and to the Califor-
! nia company. I do not propose to interfere
' with them a"t all; but I do propose to ask that
this House shall carry out the understanding
which we then had, and pass the measure which
I then desired to offer as an amendment, and
which it was asserted should pass as an inde-
pendent bill without objection.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman has referred
to a question which I asked the gentleman from
Pennsylvania -the other day in reference to the
map filecTby this company. I now desire to ask
the gentleman from Iowa whether the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, eastern division, filed
in time in the Interior Department a map under
which they could go to work and build their
road.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand that
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern
division, did file a map of a line from the
Missouri river to the one hundredth meridian
on the Republican fork. More than that, I
understand that even though it be true, as con-
tended by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, •
that that was intended only as a temporary
line, still it is a line; and giving the company
bonds upon the entire number of miles em-
braced in that line will give them bonds upon
more miles than are embraced between the
Missouri river and the point at which they now
intend to cross the one hundredth meridian.
So that it does not take from them a single
dollar of subsidy provided for by the laws of
the United States.
Now, sir, I ask this House to carry out that
understanding. I have been more liberal than
the gentleman from Pennsylvania was the other
day. He refused to give me a hearing at all
on my amendment. I have given him an op-
portunity to offer his substitute, in the^ terms
of which, I affirm, will be found a duplication
of the bonds of the United States to these rail-
road companies. And I ask this House now
whether it is proper to vote to these railroad
companies an amount of bonds double that
provided by the act of 1804.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I ask the gentleman
from Iowa whether my understanding of the
