1866.] .
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.. .1st Sess.
New York Contested Election—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. of Reps.
Board of Supervisors of New York for 1864, an
official book, recognized by the law. Now, to
show that this invariable practice has existed
there, I propose to read a resolution presented
by Supervisor Purdy. It is as follows:
" Supervisor Purdy presented a resolution disqual-
ifying inspectors of registry from serving in such
capacity who were appointed for districts in which
they are not residents, and declaring their places
vacant."
No action was had upon the resolution. It
was laid over; thus showing that the super-
visors thought the custom was according to law;
that they were content with tlie practical con-
struction of the law there given, with the well-
known fact that Republicans were selected for
the Democratic districts, and Democrats for
Republican districts.
in addition to all that I hold in my hands
numerous affidavits, to which I wish to call the
special attention of the gentlemen'on the other
side of the House to show the construction
given to this law. The construction given to
it by the committee would not only throw me
out, but it would throw out the contestant over
and over again. And for the district repre-
sented here by Hon. Mr. Darling, the true
Representative upon the floor of this House,
tinder this construction, is not Mr. Darling,
but Hon. Fernando Wood, and in the district
represented by my honorable colleague to
whom I am now addressing myself, the same
result would be shown.
I desire to call particular attention to the
twelfth district of the twenty-first ward; that
district gave Mr. Dodge 310 votes and Mr.
Brooks 155 votes. The registrars of that dis-
trict did not live in the district and did not
Tote in the district. And that was the case
with the eighth district of the twenty-first
ward, which gave 197 votes for Dodge and 98
for Brooks, and the fourteenth district of the
twenty-first ward, where the vote was 330 for
Dodge aud only 135 for Brooks.
With these remarks I send one of these
affidavits to the Clerk's desk, as a specimen
o!' numerous other affidavits which I have at
my desk, and I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Citij and county of New York, 88 :
Bartlett Donuhue, John McAuiiffe, James <r. Sin-
clair and John O'Shaughnessey, of said county, bemg
duly sworn, depose and say, that for the months of
October and November, 186-1, they were appointed by
the board of supervisors of the county of .New York
as registrars of election, and acted in such capacity
for the November election of said year in the follow-
ing districts of the twenty-first ward, namely: twelfth
district, fourteenth district, eighth district, twelfth
district, and fourteenth district.
And deponents do further depose and say, each for
himself, that they were not at that time residents of
such election district, but resided in election districts
in said ward other than the districts in which they
acted in the capacity of registrars of election.
JAMES G. SINCLAIR,
No. 120 jEast Thirty-Fourth street.
JOHN McAULIFFE,
rT Q 1 183 East Thirty-Fifth street.
ll. s.j j. O'SHAUGHNESSEY,
527 Third avenue.
b. DONUHUE,
624 Sixth avenue.
Sworn boforo mo this 29th day of March, 1866.
r_ „ ELBRIT A. WOODWARD,
Notary Public.
State of New York, city and county of New York, ss:
I, William C. Conner, clerk of the city and county
of New York, and also clerk of the supreme court
for the said city and county, being a court of record,
do hereby certify that Elbrit A. Woodward, before
whom the annexed deposition was taken, was, at the
time of taking the same, a notary public of New
York, dwelling in said city and county, duly appointed
and sworn and authorized to administer oaths to be
used in any court in said State, and for general pur-
poses: and that his signature thereto is genuine, as I
verily believe.
In testimonvwhereof I have hereunto set my hand,
r T a i and affixed the seal of the said court and
L L- s'J county, the 29th day of March, 1866.
W. C. CONNER, Clerk.
Mr. BROOKS. T also call attention to the
second district of the eighteenth ward, and I
ask the attention of the House to the enormous
vote given in this district: for Dodge, 462; for
Brooks, 199. I ask that the following affidavit,
which I send to the Clerk's desk, be read.
The Clerk rea4, as follows:
City and county of New York, us;
Eugene Dura in, of saidiity and Sokfit?-, being duly
sworn, deposes mid says that he was appointed a re-
gistrar of,election for the November election ofl86iby
the board of supervisors of the county of New York,
for the-second district of the eighteenth ward in said
city and county, and acted in said capacity for said
November election for the year 1864.
And deponent further says that he was not at that
time,* the months of No vember or October, 1864, a resi-
dent of said second district in the eighteenth ward of
the eity of Now York, but was then and is nowaresi-
dent and voter in the tenth districtof said eighteenth
ward in said city and county of New York.
EUGENE DURNIN,
188 jEast Tweitfy-First Street, New York Oily.
Sworn to before me this 26th day of March, 1866.
r. „ ■, ELBRIT A. WOODWARD,
I • o.J Notary Public of the County of New York.
* Interlined before being sworn to.
ELBRIT A. WOODWARD,
Notary Public.
State of New York, city of New York, 88 :
I, William C. Conner, clerk of the eity and county
of New York, and also clerk of the supreme court for
the said city and county, heirs a court of record, do
hereby certify that Elbrit A. Woodward, before whom
the annexed deposition was taken, was, at the time
of taking the same, a notary public of New York,
dwelling in said city and county, duly appointed and
sworn and authorized to administer oaths to be used
in any court in said State, and for general purposes;
and that his signature thereto is genuine, as I verily
believe.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand,
r_ „ i and affixed the seal of the said court and
lI" S'J county, the 26th day of March, 1866.
W. C. CONNER, Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the time of the
gentleman be extended.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOKS. Now, I am not lawyer
enough, and I thank God I am not, to under-
stand the arguments of some of the gentlemen
who have alleged that no place for the election
was designated by law. I do not understand
such technical arguments, nor how they can
influence the election. It is said that this elec-
tion was illegal, because the place for holding
the election was not designated, yet it is proved
that early in the month of September, the com-
mon council, the lower branch of the city legis-
lature, designated the place of James Thomp-
son as the place for holding the polls. But for
some cause that action was not concurred in
by the board of aldermen until the 3d day of
November.
[Here Mr. Brooks yielded the floor for a
motion to adjourn.]
Friday, April 6, 1866.
The same subject being again under consideration,
Mr. BROOKS continued;
Mr. Speaker : I have come over to my old
seat, the seat I occupied in the last Congress,
and I desire to call the attention of the mem-
bers of the Committee of Elections to some
things which they have reported. Before doing
so, however, I ask the attention of the House
to the construction of the committee. It is
composed of seven Republicans and only two
Democrats. Let me call the attention of the
House to the fact that there are six lawyers
upon one side and but one on the other. Hon.
Mr. Radford, who is a member of the com-
mittee—a man abundantly adapted from his
practical business knowledge for a position on
the Committee on Commerce or the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs or the Committee on the
Post Office—has been selected to adjudicate
upon a legal matter.
I do not complain of the way in which the
Speaker has organized the committees. I know
that he meant to do right, and that he had but
little material in the paucity of the Democratic
number here for the construction of commit-
tees ; and I take pleasure iu here paying my
tribute to the fairness and impartiality with
which he has presided over all our deliberations.
What I wish to take notice of, however, is the
political construction of the bench of jndges-^-
seven to two. I do not meats to complain ef
the action of tie Committee of Elections or its
honorable chairmaij. I have taken occasion
to express my confidence iu his honesty and
uprightness, and I trust he will continue to
deserve the compliment; but it .has been my
impression ever since the discussion in the case
of Bruce vs. Loan that, beaten there, he has
relied upon the party majority and never
means to report against his party again. The
House overruled his decision in that ease, not-
withstanding he advocated and maintained it
with great vigor and great force. The impres-
sion made upon his mind has never been favor-
able to his impartiality since.
And when I call the attention of the House
to some facts which I will now submit, with all
due respect for that committee, I hope the
other side of the House will again overrule the
decision of this committee, and not hold that
decision to be binding upon the House if the
facts of the case do not sustain it-
Perhaps no more complicated election case
was ever submitted to the House of Represent-
atives than this. There are nearly a thousand
pages of printed matter to be read. It is im-
possible for any one man, unless he is deeply
interested in it all, to read the whole of that
testimony. I have heard of but one man on
that side of the House who has read the whole
of it throughout from beginning to endj and
hence when I say that the chairman of the
committee has not read the testimony—and I
am sure when I call his attention to the facts
to which I will now refer, he will agree that he
has not read it throughout—then he owes it to
me and to the House to reconsider the judg-
ment which he has submitted to the House.
On the first page of their report the major-
ity of the committee say :
"The contestant, however, confined his proofs to
the allegations affecting four precincts only, namely,
thirteenth district of the eighteenth ward, fifteenth
district of the eighteenth ward, third district of tho
twenty-first ward, and the seventh district of the
twenty-first ward."
That is true.
"And the sitting member confined his own proof to
a reply to that offered by the contestant in relation
to these precincts. It therefore became unnecessary
for the committee to examine further tho other alle-
gations on the one side and the other."
That is not true. And now I ask the chair-
man of the committee, and I hope he will not
avail himself of his parliamentary privilege of
silence not to answer the question, is not that
statement an error? On the contrary, did I not
in my specification at the beginning, and also
at some length in my brief, call the attention of
the committee to the thirteenth district of the
twenty-first ward, to which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] called his attention yes-
terday? Yet the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] has omitted in his report
to give the least attention whatsoever to it.
Now, I would be happy to hear him upon that
subject.
Mr. DAWES. I will say that it is not my
purpose to interrupt the gentleman during his
argument.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg the gentleman to
interrupt me.
Mr. DAWES. But if I fail to notice his
interrogatory in what I shall say in conclu-
sion, then I ask him to call my attention to it.
Mr. BROOKS. I am sorry not to have a
reply now.
Mr. DAWES. It is very evident that neither
the gentleman himself nor myself can pursue
a proper line of argument if we do it in this
way.
Mr. BROOKS. This is the only way to get
the facts to the direct attention of the House.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not mean to omit to
notice any fair interrogatory the gentleman
puts to me.
Mr. BROOKS. Let meeall the gentleman's
