1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2629
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the first
sentencethat it will read:
Ilorse dealers whose annua) sales do not exceed
$10,000 shall pay ton 'dollars; and if exceeding the
sum of $10,000, one dollar lor each additional thou-
sand dollars.
' My amendment is intended to make this par-
agraph correspond with the paragraph in regard
to cattle dealers. In this paragraph there is no
limit to the amount of sales that horse dealers
may make under a license of ten dollars. In
the case of cattle dealers there is a limit of
$10,000, and I think this paragraph should be
modified accordingly. Or if a horse dealer with
a license of ten dollars can sell without any lim-
itation as to the amount of his sales, then the
provision in regard to cattle dealers should be
the same. This business of horse dealing is a
large business in some localities; there is an
immense amount of capital invested in it; and
it strikes me there should be some limit on the
amount of capital invested or the amount of
sales under a license of ten dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that I have
much objection to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.] But
I do not believe there are a dozen men in the
United States who do so large a business in
horse dealing as to render them liable to the
proposed increased tax.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg to inform tho gen-
tleman that there are more than that number
in my district alone.
Mr. MORRILL. They are very fortunate
men. Tho business is very much reduced from
what it was for tho last three or four years,
when the Government had occasion to employ
this kind of men.
Mr. DELANO. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Morrill] if he is willing to have this amend-
ment adopted, and also allow the proviso to
remain which allows a party to be a livery
stable keeper also without paying an additional
tax. I would prefer the paragraph as it is. I
shall certainly move to strike out the proviso
if the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] shall be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the paragraph better
remain as it is; that is my view of it.
The amendment of Mr. Benjamin was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
8. Livery stablo keepers shall pay ten dollars.
Any person whoso business it is to keep horses for
hire, or to let, or to keep, feed, or board horses for
others, shall bo regarded as a livery stable keeper
under this act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
0. Brokers shall pay fifty dollars. Every person,
firm, or company, cxcept such as have paid a tax as
a bank or banker* whose business it is to negotiate
purchases or sales of stocks, bonds, exchange, bul-
lion, coined money, bank notes, promissory notes, or
other securities, for themselves or oiheis, shall bo
regarded as a broker under this act: Provided, That
AJiy person having paid the tax as a banker shall not
be required to pay any tax as a broker.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words "except such as have paid a tax as a
bank or banker," as that is provided for in the
proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the pro-
viso by inserting the word '' special'' before
the words "tax as a banker."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
the proviso by striking out the word '' any''
and inserting the words "a special" before
the words '' tax as a broker.''
" The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
10. Pawnbrokers using or employing a capital of
not exceeding £50,000 shall pay fifty dollars; and
when using or employing a capital exceeding $50,000,
for every additional thousand dollars in excess of
S50.000, two dollars. Every person whose business or
occupation it is to take or receive, by way of pJedge,
pawn, or exchange, any goods, wares, orinerchandise,
or any kind of personal property whatever, as secu-
rity for the repayment of money lent thereon, shall be
deemed a pawnbroker under this act.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this par-
agraph by inserting after the words " two dol-
lars" the words "and such excess shall be
assessed and paid in the same manner as
required of wholesale dealers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting the words " shall pay "
before the words "two dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
11. Land-warrant brokers shall pay twenty-five
dollars. Any person shall bo regarded as a land-
warrant broker within the meaning of this act who
makes a business of buying and selling land-warrants,
or of furnishing them to settlors or other persons.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
1Z Cattle brokers, whoso annual sales do not
exceed $10,000, shall pay ten dollars; and if exceed-
ing the sum of 610,000.one dollar for cash additional
$10,000. Any person whoso business it is to buy or sell
or deal in cattlo, hogs, or sheep shall be considered as
a cattle broker.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read tho next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
13. Produco brokers, whose annual sales do not
exceed tho sum of §10,000, shall pay ten dollars.
Evcryperson other than one having paid the special
tax as a commercial broker or cattlo broker, or
wholesale or retail dealer, or peddler, whose occu-
pation it is to buy or sell agricultural or farm piod-
[icts. and whose annual sales do not exceed ^10,000,
shall be regarded as a produce broker und'er this
act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
14. Commercial brokers shall pay twenty dollars.
Any person or firm whose business it is. as a broker,
to negotiate sales or purchases of goods, wares, or
merchandise, or to seek orders theielor in onginal
or unbroken packages, or to negotiate freights and
other business for the owncrsof vessels, oi for tho
shippers, or consignors, or consignees of freight car-
ried by vessels, shall be regarded a commercial
broker under this act.
Mr. MORRILL. Imovo to amend by strik-
ing out aft^ the word "merchandise" tho
words " or to seek orders therefor in original
or unbroken packages."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
15. Custom-house brokers shall pay ten dollars.
Every person whose occupation it is, as the agent of
others, to arrange entries and other custom-houso
papers, or transact business at any port of entry relat-
ing to the importation or exportation of goods, wares,
or merchandise, shall be regarded a custom-houso
broker under this act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
16. Distillers shall pay £100. Every person, iirm,
or corporation who distills or manufactures spirits
shall bo deemed a distiller under tins act: Provided,
That distillers of apples, grapes, or peaches, distilling
ormanufacturingless than one hundred and fifty bar-
rels per year from tho same, shall pay fifty dollars:
And provided further, That no tax shall be imposed
for any still, stills, or other apparatus used hv drug-
gists and chemists for tho recovery of alcohol for
pharmaceutical and chemical or scientific purposes,
which has been used in those proocsses.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out " $100" andinserting
" $1,000" as the tax to be paid by distillers.
I have this much to say in support of my
proposition: unless you guard and protect the
legitimate manufacturer of this article, you will
fail to derive any considerable amount of rev-
enue from this source.
In one district in the State of New York
where three years ago the census shows there
was no distillery, there are now thirty distil-
leries. And so it is in the State of Pennsyl-
vania. In the northern district of Georgia,
where but a few years ago there was no dis-
tillery, the internal revenue collector of the
district reports that there are now fifteen hun-
dred distilleries. In one district in Virginia
where there were formerly no distilleries there
are now several hundred of them. Those dis-
tilleries are making, in a great, measure, con-
traband whisky, which is being sold in the
various markets of the country for less than
the Government tax.
Rectified whisky in tho city of New Orleans
is sold at §1 75 per gallon—twenty-five cents
less than the amount of tho Government tax.
Unless the legitimate manufacture of whisky
is protected by law, the Government will ob-
tain no revenue from this business, while tho
country will be flooded with whisky. All the
evil consequences of the manufacture and con-
sumption of the article will be experienced,
while there will be no adequate compensation
to the Treasury of the United States. Unless
we adopt a system similar to that carried out
in Great Britain, the Government, taking charge
of the manufacture of this article and recog-
nizing those engaged in its manufacture as
agents of the Government, wc shall get, com-
paratively speaking, no revenue.
The manufacture of whisky in the United
States ought to produce to the Government a
yearly revenue of $80,000,000. This is the
amount of the estimate formerly made by the
Committee of Ways and Means; and this
amount could bo realized under a proper sys-
tem. Estimating that the annual consumption
of whisky during the last two years has been
forty million gallons per annum, a tax of two
dollars per gallon should yield to the Treasury
$80,000,000. But if we allow every little dis-
tillery to be run for a license of twenty-five
dollars, we shall have the country flooded with
contraband whisky, and the Treasury will ob-
tain but little revenue. If the license be fixed
at $1,000, wo drive this contraband trade out
of existence, thereby protecting the legitimate
manufacturer, who can thus afford to pay a
license of §1,000, and also a tax of two dol-
lars per gallon.
Mr HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
like the gentleman to explain what he means
by a "legitimate manufacturer."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I mean one who pays
his license, who makes his regular monthly
returns, as required by law, and pays two dol-
lars on every gallon of whisky that ho manu-
factures. Sir, it is known to tho revenue officers
of tho country that under tho present system
not one gallon out of every four gallons man-
ufactured pays any tax to the Government.
Sir. Chairman, I desire to submit some sta-
tistics relative to the manufacture ol'this arti-
cle during the last fiscal year. The table which
I submit emanates from the internal revenue
department:
Collections returned on distilled spirits for tlm first six
j/iontlis of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1S6G.
July, 1365  $352,252 15
August    267,457 83
September :    755.662 06
October  3,360,025 23
November  3,050,671 28
December  3,762,13! 21
Total for six months  S
.Tanuary, 1866     3,/i)l,469 91
February  IS
March  2,433,121 42
Total returns to date .$19,337,474: 60
Note.—The collections for February and March
will be somewhat increased, as all returns have not
yet been received.
Thus it appears that the Government, instead
of receiving, as it should, $80,000,000 per
annum from this source, receives annually
only about twenty-four million dollars.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. STEVENS. I entertain just the con-
trary view to that of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. IxGEr.soLL;] and I move to amend
his amendment by inserting, in lieu of what
he proposes, to strike out, the word ''fifty," so
as to make the amount fifty dollars instead of
$100, as it now stands in the bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we do not expect to
raise any large amount of revenue from the
licenses of these distilleries. Anybody who
knows anything about the matter^ must know
that the amount received from licenses is 8;
