190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
New York Contested Election—Mr. Brooks.
39th Cojtg....1st Sess.
attention to another point. On the fourth page
of the report he says that the July riots were
in the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward.
Now, where is the proof of that? If the gen-
tleman has not time now to look it up, I hope
that when he eomes to reply, if he does not
find it, he will candidly confess it to the House.
I now state, with all the solemnity of my
position, that there is no such fact proven in
the whole record of the testimony. The July
riots were not in the fifteenth district of the
eighteenth ward. The gentleman has been
misled by the persistent argument before the
committee of the counsel upon the other side,
and by the proof which was submitted respect-
ing another district in another ward. The
riots spoken of in.that testimony were a mile
from the fifteenth district of the eighteenth
ward, in another ward and in another direc-
tion. And the gentleman has confounded two
different districts, and two different wards, and
this fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward
is made to bear the burdens of the injury, out-
rages, riots, and disturbances elsewhere. I
will not say, I dare not say, that this is done
■to inflame the opinions of the majority of this
House, for the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts must be utterly incapable of such
an act.
Now, I ask that, when he rises to speak, he
will either verify what he has asserted, andtliat
I know he cannot do, or as an honorable man,
as a member from the old State of Massachu-
setts, as a lawyer, and as my judge in this case,
he will correct the record he has made, and
say that there were no July riots in the fifteenth
district of the eighteenth ward.
[Mr. Dawes here gave some intimation of a
desire to have that part of his report read.]
The report states, on page 1, that this dis-
tiict "had a bad reputation in connection with
the July riots." Now, sir, there is no proof
whatsoever of the riots having taken place in
that district. There is no proof whatsoever
that it had a bad reputation. The riots were
not in that district nor near there, but a mile
distant.
Now, sir, I call the attention of the honor-
able gentleman to another point in the testi-
mony, and I do it with all kindness, for no man
can comprehend so vast a mass of testimony,
not even if ho were paid for it. A man ought
really to have a fee of SI.000 for examining
and comprehending such a mass of testimony.
I call the gentleman's attention to another feet.
He alleges thai in the third district of the
twenty-first ward the canvasser was drugged.
The report says that, "in consequence of the
free use of liquor, one of the inspectors, who
was also a canvasser, became drugged, and fell
asleep before the canvass was completed.''
Now, sir, there is no proof whatsoever of that
character. The nearest approximation to it
is that during the day Mr. lleismer, who was
employed as an inspector and canvasser, became
worn out with continued watching from sunrise
of one morning to sunrise of another, and slept
a very few moments. There is no proof in the
record that this canvasser was drugged. And
I assume that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, when lie rises to speak, will verify the
statement of the report, or will, as an honor-
able man, take back the allegation.
It is alleged also that Brady, the clerk in the
fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward, was a
self-constituted clerk ; in other words, that he
made himself the clerk on that occasion. Now,
sir, this is shown to be incorrect by reference
to the Dodge book, pages 220 and 289.
This Brady served as clerk with the consent
of the registrars, as all of them swear. In the
Dodge book, page 219, Hall admits that this
clerk was sworn. Yet the committee say on
the fourth page of their report that "the entire
duty of the board was discharged by the sell-
constituted clerk, Andrew Brady." The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has here manifestly
fallen into an error; I do not say a criminal
error. It is an error into which any committee
might fall, in view of the multiplicity of facts
and the abundance of testimony which the
committee have had before them.
Again, the report states that Dougherty, one
of the registrars, was not present. Yet in the
Brooks book, page 86, Cowen swears that
Dougherty was present "pretty much all the
time." Hall states, in the Dodge book, page
220, that he is not certain that Dougherty was
absent.
Sir, these are important and essential facts.
Yet, notwithstandingthese facts, the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,]
who I regret to see is not now in his place,
averred that there were frauds throughout that
whole election in the fifteenth district of the
eighteenth ward, when, so far as the record
shows, everything was just and proper. Though
there were irregularities, they are admitted by
the honorable gentleman from Ohio not to viti-
ate the election; and it is nowhere pretended
in the record that these irregularities amounted
to fraud.
Now, sir, it has been averred in the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, as well as in the
report, that Mr. Thompson, at whose place this
registry was held, received a list of about two
hundred names, and that lie himself entered
those names upon the registry. There is in the
record no proof whatsoever of this statement.
The averments to this effect are incorrect, be-
cause those who make them have not read the
testimony. Let me read the testimony.
Brady swears, (Dodge vs. Brooks, page 271:)
" Question. Who did Mr. Thompson give that list
to?
" Answer. IIo fetched it in, I think, and laid it on
the tablo.
" Question. Who did ho address himself to when he
brought it in ?
"Aiibwer. I don't know; there was both Hall and
Cowen there, the registrars in the district, he might
have addressed himself to both.
''Question. What did he say ?
" Answer. I don't recollect tho precise language.
He said thero was names that ho got; there was per-
sons came in and did notseo their names on the books
and he took them down, or words to that effect. I
ain't got it down line. There was some little objec-
tions raised, I believe.
" Question. Who raised tho objections?
"Answer. Hall did, X believe.
" Question. But you were finally told to put them
on the registry list?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I had to do as I was told.
" Question. I ask you if you put any names on any
of those copies of the registry list, except such as you
were instructed to put on by tho inspectorsof registry.
"Answer. Yes; I put down names that I was not
instructed by them to put down.
" Question. Who told you to put them down?
"Answer. There was nobody thereto tell mo to put
thom down.
"Question. How came you to do it?
"Answer. Well, persons would como there to get
their names registered, and I would be writing there
as clerk, and I put them down.
"Question. Did you put any on that copy of the
registiy list except such as you were told to put on by
the inspectorsof registry, or tho names of persons who
came in and registered themselves—who gave you
their own names?
"Answer. No, not as I know of; lam pretty sure 1
didn't
v * * 4- * i<•• *
"Question. Did you never hear that it was a sub-
ject of great complaint in that district that you had
put wrong residences opposite people's names?
"Answer. Yes sir; I was accused of that the next
setting of the charter election, and 1 denied it point-
blank.''
"Question. Do you know one person who was en-
tered on either of those registry lists who was not a
legal voter in that district?
"Answer. No, sir; I was not acquainted down
there. Do you mean his name down as a voter?
"Question. I ask you if you can name a single per-
son whose name was upon that registry list who was
not a legal voter in that district?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. Who?
"Answer. My name was on it?
" Question. Can you name another?
"Answer. Yes, sir; there was Hall. X don't believe
he lives in that district; he might; his name was on
the back of the book.
"Question. Who else?
"Answer. That's ail I know of.
"Question. Were either of those names you have
mentioned on the books as the names of voters?
"Ansxoer. No sir.
" Question. They were only on as certifying?
"Answer. Yes sir.
" Question. Then you don't know the name of any
person on there as a voter who was not a voter of tho
district?
"Answer. No.
$****« * * *
** Question. Did you do any cheating in making up
that registry?
*'Ansioer. No, sir; although I was accused of it."
Now, sir, that is Brady, tlxe Republican
clerk, a witness in the case, who swears ho
put down the names by order of the registrars,
and that, so far as he knows, the registry is
correct.
I trust when the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] comes to address
the House he will correct that fact on the rec-
ord. I trust the honorable gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] will also make a
correction. 1 regret not to see him in his seat
Oh, yes, there he is in the distance, and I
am rejoiced to see him present. He charged
names wer^entered upon the registry by Thomp-
son. Let him take the testimony and do me
the justice, as I know he will, as an honorable
man, to say that he was mistaken in the allega-
tions he made.
I do not know the length of this Hall, but I
suppose it is over one hundred feet. It was on a
corner lot of one hundred feet, a small lot in
New York, where this election was held. It was
proved that the stable door had a connection
with the house. I put it to evejy member of
the House, I put it to every man of common
sense, whether because the election was held on
one part of this one hundred feet lot, and not
another j in a stable, and not in the liquor
shop, it shall be thrown out?
Now, the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts on page 6 of the report alleges that
the testimony of Brennan corroborates the
other testimony as to the fraudulent character
and inaccuracy of this register. Let me read:
" Question. Do you know of any illegal votes polled
that day?
"Answer. No, sir.
Question, You did not take an illegal vote?
"Answer. No, sir; not a single one."
I claim the gentleman from Massachusetts
and the gentleman from Ohio shall not add the
weight of their authority to oust me from the
House without further examination of the tes*
timony.
I refer to Brooks's book, page 326:
[Extract from Kearney's testimony.]
Poll-list as sioorn to by Las
Casas Dean. Written in-
correct by Dean.
Hanigan, Peter, No. 289 Not Lanigan, Peter, as
E. 14th street, written by Dean.
McCarty, Bernard, No. 297
E. 14th street, Not No. 299 E. 14th street.
Bosbee, Charles, No. 307
E. 14th street, Not Boske, Charles.
Faukle, Laurens, No. 301 Not Faulke, Lawrence,No.
E. 14th street, 501 E. 14th street.
Wiorle, Jacob, Not Wievel, Jacob.
Williams, Aaron. Not Williams, Amer.
Selotns, Thomas, No. 259
E. 17th street, Not No. 259 E. 15th street.
Boylan, Charles, No. 255
E. 16th street, Not No. 255 E. 15th street.
Redilwitt, Richard, Not Bcdtywith, Richard.
M^Rack. John, Not Iiatek, John.
Sands, Chnrlcs, No. 245
Avenue B. Not No. 247 E. 15th street
Clark, Owen J., - Not Clark, Owen P.
MeOaladan, John, No. 561
E. 16th street, Not No. 261 E, 16th street.
Giiligan, Patrick, No. 273
E. loth street, Not No. 276 E. 16th strcot.
Breardan, James, No.349
E. 16th street, Not No. 549 E. 17th street.
McCarney, Hugh, Not McGarvey, Hugh.
McKeort, Patrick, No. 257
E. 16th street. Not No. 251 E. 16th street.
O'Connor, Martin, Not O'Conner, Mortimer.
Ray, David, Not on poll-list.
Coughfinberger, Peter, Not Coughfinberger, Pat-
rick.
Hines James, No. 517 E.
16fch street, NotZines, James.
Hank, Michael, No. 517
E. 16th street, Not No. 511 E. 16th street.
ICranne, James, Not Crane, James.
Finnan, John, Not Finnigan, John.
Manning, Samuel, Not Manning, Daniel.
Bowen, John, No.222 Av-
enue A, Not No. 521 E. 16th street.
McConner, Bernard, Not McCorner, Barnard.
McDermot, Philip,N o. 247
E. 15th street, Not No. 516 E. 16th street.
Madden. Joseph, Not Madden, John.
Poll-list as written cor-
rect by Kearney.
