1(570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Nov/, Mr. President, two general propositions
arise under this statement of the provisions of
the United States and State constitutions, the
statute of the State, and the proceedings of the
"Legislature in joint meeting assembled,"
namely:
I. Was the Senator so elected "chosen by
the Legislature" of the State?
II. Was the ''time, place, and manner" of
holding such election prescribed by the Legis-
lature in the sense of these words as used in
the Constitution of the United States?
I. Under the first proposition it will be neces-
sary to inquire, first, what is the Legislature of
New Jersey? And second, did the Legislature
make a choice?
1. What is the Legislature of Now Jersey ?
The constitution of New Jersey, article four,
section one, clause one, provides, "The legis-
lative power shall be vested in a Senate and
General Assembly." A i tide four, section one,
clause three, 1! The two Houses shall meet sep-
arately on the second Tuesday in January next
after said day of election." But the constitu-
tion also provides for the meeting of the two
Houses, not separately, but in joint meeting.
Article seven, section two, "Judges, &c., shall
be appointed by the Senate and General As-
sembly in joint meeting." Clause three, ''The
State treasurer, &c., shall bo appointed by the
Senate and General Assembly in joint meet-
ing." Article five, clause two, in a certain
case the Governor shall be chosen "by the
votes of a majority of the members of both
Houses in joint meeting." lint the question
recurs, when met in joint meeting are the two
Houses still the Legislature?
Article four, section live, clause one, pro-
vides. that " No member of the Senate or (Jen-
era! Assembly shall, during the term for which
he was elected, be nomiualed or appointed by
the Governor ur by the Legislature in joint
meeting," &c.
Article live, clause twelve:
"Wm'ro ;i v;if aney liappen^tliu lire flic recess of the
LefcUlatuic in iiny otiioe whi<>h is to bo illicit by 1 Ho
t J-overnor inul Semite, or i>y t he Le^Lshiture in joint
weelini;, the Governor shall tilt," Arc.
The journal of the constitutional convention
in New .1 ersey shows that the clause cited above
from article lour, when originally reported by
thecomnnttcc, did not contain the words " Le-
gislature in joint meeting," but, simply said,
"during the time for which he was elected or
appointed." It was amended in committee of
the whole by inserting after "appointed" the
words "by the Governor and Senate, or by the
Legislature."
On motion of .Mr. Ewing, (page'JoO, Conven-
tion Journal.) the amendment was amended by
strikingout " Legislature" and inserting "joint
meeting."
On motion of Chief Justice Ilornblower,
(page 1M, Convention Journal,) it was again
amended by inserting before "joint meeting"
tli" words " Li-gi dnture in."
The very object, of this amendment was to
conclude this question which had been raised
in reference to the constitutions of some other
fifhtos.
These passages from the constitution of New
Jersey (which.only can define what is the Le-
gislature of the State) show conclusively that
an election, by the joint meeting is an election
by the Legislature. lint the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, front 1. • to the present time—the
last seventy-seven years—has recognized the
joint mooting 0f the New Jersey Legislature as
the Legislature thereof, whatever may be the
Legislature of either States. Every Senator
from New Jersey has been clected by the joint
meeting under ihe rules prescribed by the same
or a similar statute. Unless the joint meeting
is the Legislature we never have had a United
States Senator from New Jersey.
2. Did the Legislature make a choice?
"The Senate of the United States %-hall be
competed of two Senators from each Slate,
chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six
years." This establishes the body of electors,
it has no reference to "manner" of selection.
"Chosen by the Legislature" is elected by the
Legislature. It is the Legislature, not the peo-
ple, who are to choose. " Eligere," to take
out or elect, to call out one thing before an-
other, to select. "To choose" is "to clect."
That the words are used in the Constitution
as synonyms is manifest from other clauses of
the same instrument: '' Who shall not when
'elected' be an inhabitant of that State for
which he shall bo 'choscn.' "
The -times, places, and manner of holding
"elections" for Senators and Representatives
shall be prescribed '' in each State by the
Legislature thereof, but the Congress may at
any time, by law, make or alter such regula-
tions, except as to the places of ' choosing'
Senators."
"The Senate shall 'choose' their other offi-
cers, and also a President pro t''mj>ore.''
"Each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tion, returns, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers." &c.
"No Senator or Representative shall, during
the lime for which he was ' elected.' "
"The House of l'epresentatives shall be
composed of members ' chosen' every second
year."
"No person shall be a Representative who
shall not, when 'elected,' be an inhabitant of
that State in which he s^all be 'chosen.' "
"The Ilouseofllepresentativcs shall 'choose'
their Speaker."
Yet, under this last clause, it is to be noted
that Iiowell Cobb and N. P. Banks were each
" chosen" by a plarality vote Speakers of the
House.
The first clause of fhe fourth section of the
first article is as follows:
/'The tours, pl.ices, antl manner of holding elec-
tions tor Senator.- anil ltepre^entativcs shall be pre-
scribed m each State by the Losiblatu: o thereof! but
the (Jontircss may at any time by law make or alter
such regulations, except as to the place of choosing
Senators."
It is well known that this clause of the Con-
stitution was assailed in the State conventions
on the ground that Congress might contrive the
manner of holding elections so as to exclude all
hut fheir own favorites from oflicc. The con-
ventions of the States of Virginia, Massachu-
setts, New Hampshire, New iork, Uhode Isl-
and, and South Carolina accompanied their
ratification of the Constitution with a solemn
protest against the power of Congress over the
election. They prepared amendments to the
Constitution calculated to carry out their views,
and recorded on their jourmilsperpetualinstruc-
tious to their i cpresentatives in Congress to
ui ge earnestly ami zealously their adoption, and
to refrain from the exercise of any power in-
consistent with the principles of the proposed
amendments.
Judge Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, section 820, after having stated
the objections to the latter part of the clause
which were made at the time of the adoption
of the Constitution, and the reasoning by which
they were met, thus concludes :
" A period of forty..yoars has since passed by with-
out any attempt by Congress to mako any regulations
or interfere in the slightest degree in the elections of
members of Congress. If, therefore, experience can
demonstrate anything, it is the entire safety of the
power in Cunccvcss, which it is scarcely possible (rea-
soning from the p.i-t) should beexcrttd oxccpt upon
very urgent occasions. The States now reprulatc the
time, tiie place, and' the manner of elections in a
practical sense exclusively. The manner is very
various; and perhaps the power has been exerted in
fjmo instances, under the influence of local or party
lcelmgs, to an extent which is inddfensible in princi-
ple and policv. There is no unifoimity inthcchoice
or in tiie mode of election, in some States the Rep-
resentatives are chosen by a general ticket for the
whole State; m others they are chosen singly in
districts, Are._ In some States tho candidate must
nave a majority of all the votes to entitle him to be
deeincd elected ; in others fas it is in England) it is
sufficient if he has a pluialily of votes. In some of
the States the choice is by tho voters vivo voce (as it
is in England;) in others it is by ballot. The times of
the elections arc quite as various, sometimes before
ana sometimes after the regular period at which tho
oliiee becomes vacant. That this want of imiformitv
as to the time and mode of election has been pro-
ductive of some inconvenience to the public service
cannot be doubted, for it has sometimes occurred at
an extra session a whole State has been deprived of
its vote, and at tho regular sessions some districts
havo faileul of boingroproscnted upon questions Vital
to their interests. Still, so strong has been the sense
of Congress of the importance of leaving these mat-
ters to State regulation that no effort has been hith-
erto made tocuie the.-c evils, and public opinion has
almost irresistibly settled down in favor of the exist-
ing system."
Contrary to the prediction of the learned
commentator. Congress passed an act in 1842,
entitled f,An net for the apportionment of Rep-
resentatives ampng the several States accord-
ing to the sixth census," the second section of
which provides that in every case where a State
is entitled to more than one Representative,
the number to which each State shall bo enti-
tled under this apportionment shall be elected
by districts composed of contiguous territory
equal in number to the number of Representa-
tives to which the State may be entitled. The
authority under which Congress made this pro-
vision was the fourth section of article first,
the latter part of which says Congress may at
any time make or alter the State regulations
in reference to the manner of choosing Sen-
ators and Representatives.
When thelaw of Congress passed, New Hamp-
shire, New Jersey, Alabama, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Missouri had election laws requiring
their Representatives to be elected by general
ticket. New Jersey and Alabama conformed to
the law of Congress. It was insisted that the elec-
tions of New Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi,
and Missouri, under the State law, were void. The
debate on tiie subject occupied a large part of
the session. The majority of the committee to
whom it was referred reported that the law was
unconstitutional, and the members elected on
general ticket entitled to their seats. The mi-
nority reported that the law was valid, and the
seats should be declared vacant. Neither re-
port was formally agreed to, but it was voted
by a decided majority that the members retain
their seats. The reports were both prepared
by gentlemen of great ability—the majority re-
port by Stephen A. Douglas, and that of the
minority by Garrett Davis.
T>nt, both the majority report of Mr. Douglas,
and the minority report of Mr. Garrett Davis
agree, so far as the question concerns the right
of the Legislature to prescribe any manner,
where Congress does not exercise its privilege
the State Legislature shall prescribe the times,
places, and manner.
Says Mz\ Douglas:
"An imperative duty rests upon the Legislatures,
while a mere privile.ee is granted to Congress. lit the
performance of this duty, the Legislatures arc clothcd
with a wide discretion, upon which the Constitution
imposes no restraints. They may provide for elections
by general ticket, or in districts; for votingby ballot,
or viva voce; for opening the polls at one place and
on one day, or at different places and on different
day?. These and all things pertaining to the times,
placcs, and manner of holding elections arc confided
to the wisdom and discretion of the several LesMa-
tnrcF, to be performed in such manner as they shall
deem most favorable to popular rights and just rep-
resentation.''
He alludes to the fact that when General
Pinckney proposed in the Convention which
formed the Constitution, that the Representa-
tives '1 should be elected in such manner as the
Legislatures of.each State shall direct/' he
urged among other reasons in support of his
plan, 4'that this liberty would give more satis-
faction, as the Legislature could then accom-
modate the mode to the convenience and opin-
ions of the people."
Mr. Davis says:
"Some of the States have passed laws regulating
their election of Senators: others have not; and yet
the constitutionality of the regulation* of the latter
states ior holding their clcction3 of Representatives
has not been and cannot be questioned. Such States
as have no regulations by law for the senatorial elec-
tions may make them also; so Congress eould pass
law requiring the election of Senators generally; for
that would be an alteration of the election regulations
of some of the States by adding to them. Congress
could thus establish uniformity in the mode of electing
Senators, by enacting a law requiring both branches
ot the State Legislatures to choose by their aggregate
vote, and might confine its action to that orany other
particular regulation for the election of Senators.
That principle has generally prevailed in senatorial
eLeetiuiis, <fcc. The StafceLegislature3 might alter their
existing regulations relating to time or place or man-
ner, confining their action to cither one."
The report illustrates the moaning of the ex-
p^essicm "c^ioson" by the Legislature, as used
