3590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
the bill recently passed for the reorganization
of the Army, and in the bill establishing the
pay of the Army. In those two acts the House
affirms the very proposition which the Senate
makes. The disagreement's pro formd, and
not because of any difference between the House
and the Senata.
The Senate recedes from its amendment by
which an appropriation was made for the pur-
chase of land near Nashville, Tennessee. It
was believed that the appropriation was unne-
cessary at this time, and the Senate agreed to
abandon tbe amendment which they had intro-
duced making the appropriation.
The Senate recedes Irom its disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the fourth
amendment of the Senate. That amendment
was an addition to the appropriations for the
Bureau ofltefugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands, providing for the cost of telegraphing.
The Senate agrees to accept the House amend-
ment to its amendment upon that subject.
It will be remembered that the House struck
out from the fifth amendment of the Senate a
provision in regard to giving the preference to
manufactures of the States on the Pacific coast
■when Army supplies are advertised for. The
conferees have agreed, while the Senate accepts
that amendment of the House, that there shall
be inserted as a substitute for the part stricken
out what I will read to the House, and which
conveys its own explanation. After providing,
as the Senate amendment does, that preference
shall be given always to American manufac-
tures, when Army supplies are to be obtained
through the quartermaster's department, it is
agreed these words shall be inserted in lieu of
the part stricken out:
And in advertising for Army supplies the quarter-
master's department shall require all articles which
are to be used in the States and Territories on the
Pacific coast to be delivered and inspected at the
points designated in those States and Territories, and
the advertisements for such supplies shall be pub-
lished in the newspapers ?>f San Francisco and Port-
land.
The next amendment is one which relates
to the throwing open the appointment of the
superintendency of the Military Academy to all
branches of the Army. The House has passed
upon that subject also, and the Senate has
agreed to accept what the House has done, using
the language of the House as inserted in the bill
for the reorganization of the Army instead of
the language of the Senate's amendment. The
languageof the House in the clause which was
adopted is a little fuller and more precise than
that of the Senate, and was preferred by the
conferees both of the House and of the Senate,
the two Houses being agreed upon the main
proposition. In like manner both the House
and the Senate were agreed upon thepropriety
of restoring the extra pay to soldiers employed
outside of their regular line of duty. The Sen-
ate agreed that the language which was used
for expressing this purpose in the House Army
bill was better than the language which Bad been
used in the Senate's amendment. Retaining
the principle they adopt the language of the
House. This covers all the amendments and
the whole action of the conferees. I now
move the previous question upon agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the report was agreed to. •
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fh6.u the senate.
A message from the Senate, by William J.
. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed the bill of the House
(No. 887) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th of June, 1867, with sundry amend-
ments, in which he was directed to request the
concurrence of the House.
The message further io formed the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, a
bill and a joint resolution of the House of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 191) to amend an act
making a grant of land to the State of Min-
nesota to aid in the construction of a railroad
from St. Paul to Lake Superior, approved May
5, 1864; and '
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 149) declara-
tory of the law of bounty.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the bill of the House
(No. 127) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending 30th of
June, 18G7.
land titles m california.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has now
commenced. The first business in order is the
consideration of the bill of the Senate (No.
343) to quiet land titles in California, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands. The
pending question is upon the amendments re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands,
upon which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian-] is entitled to tbe floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands [Mr. Ju-
liax] is quite willing to yield the morning hour
of to-day, and take another morning hour after
we get through with the tariff bill. I there-
fore ask that the House proceed at once to the
consideration of the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BID WELL. I object.
The SPEAKER. On this bill the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BIDWELL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to allow me about five minutes'
time to make an explanation in reference to
this bill, which I think will obviate the neces-
sity of a long discussion.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield to the gentle-
man all the time he desires at the end of my
remarks.
Mr. Speaker, in the first place, I aslt" a vote
upon the last amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. There is no contro-
versy about this proposition, and its adoption
will leave only one amendment pending.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to section nine:
Provided, however. That from decrees of the dis-
trict courts, as aforesaid, made after July 1,1865, and
prior to the passage of this act, an appeal may be
taken to the United States circuit court for the State
of California within one year from the approval of
this act: Provided, That in any such case in which
an appeal may be t&ken under the provisions of this
section, the said circuit court shall not be precluded
by the terms of the decree of confirmation, or by rea-
son of any clerical mistake therein, from determin-
ing the boundaries of the land claimed, in accordance
with the original grant and the realjustice andmcrits
of the case.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on that amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I now ask for the reading of
the amendment offered as a proviso to the
eighth section, which is the only remaining
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to section eight:
Provided, however. That the act of Congress enti-
tled "An act to grant the right of preemption to cer-
tain purchasers on the Soscol ranch, in California,"
approved March 3,1863, shall not be so construed as
to mterferewith the claims of bona fide settlers on the
said lands who had settled thereon and were claiming
preemptions, in accordance with the laws of the Uni-
ted States, prior to the time of the passage of the said
act.
Mr. BIDWELL. I desire the gentleman
from Indiana to agree to have the vote taken
during this morning hour.
Mr. JULIAN. Tdesire no unnecessary delay.
Having a number of points to discuss it is im-
possible for me to say whether I shall occupy
half an hour, three quarters of an hour, or an
hour. I will get through what I have to say
without any unnecessary delay.
Mr. McRUER. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. McRUER. My point is that the amend-
ment which has just been read is not germane
to this bill for the reason that it refers to an
act to which this bill does not refer; that it
seeks to qualify or repeal an act of Congress
with which this bill has nothing to do ; that
the bill is a bill to quiet land titles, while this
amendment seeks to disturb land titles.
The SPEAKER. That may be a proper
argument to be addressed to the consideration
of the House with reference to the adoption of
the amendment; but it is not a point of order.
The bill is in regard to quieting land titles in
California, while the amendment relates to the
claims of settlers upon lands in California.
The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I regret very
much to occupy the time of the House at this
late hour of the session in the discussion of this
bill, and nothing could induce me to do so but
a sense of duty. I believe, and feel very sure
in the opinion, (without imputing any improper
motives to anybody,) that an effort is being made
here to overturn the entire land policy of the
United States respecting the rights of pre-
emptors and homestead claimants upon the
public lands. I deem it incumbent upon me,
therefore, to discuss with some care the ques-
tion involved in the amendment submitted by
the committee affecting the title to this well-
known ranch in California, and affecting also
the proper interpretation of the act of Congress
of March 3,1863. The facts of this case, which
it is necessary to understand, are about these:
this Soscol ranch in the State of California
is a large tract of about ninety thousand acres,
alleged to have been granted by the Mexican
or Spanish Government to one General Val-
lejo. The title was for a long time in dispute
and litigation, and the case finally found its way
on to the docket of the Supreme Court of the
United States; and that court, after a full hear-
ing of the whole case on the points of law and
of fact- involved, decided that the alleged title of
Vallejo was void. It was not pronounced void
on technical ground, as gentlemen may per-
haps argue on the other side, for Justice Nel-
son of the Supreme Court declares, in so many
words, that "m every view we have been able
to take of the case we are satisfied the grant is
one which should not be confirmed."
This decision was given in December, 1861,
and so soon as the judgment of the court was
certified to the court below in California, which
was in March following, this whole claim of
ninety thousand acres became a part of the
unappropriated public lands of the Govern-
ment, open from that moment to preemption
and purchase as other public lands. Accord-
ingly, as soon as that decision was thus certi-
fied and made known, scores of persons entered
upon this Soscol ranch as preemption settlers,
built their cabins, put up fences, cultivated
the land, in some instances planted orchards,
and asserted the rights generally of preempt-
ors under the laws of the United States. The
Yallejo purchasers under the void Spanish title
were confused as to what course of action" to
pursue. Many of them had bought ii\ good
faith and made their improvements. Conflicts
arose between the preemptors and the Vallejo
claimants, and they were of. such a character
as to induce the latter to come to Washington
and ask Congress to pass an act which would
recognize their equities and enable them to
purchasetheirlandat$l 25peracre. TheCom-
mittee on Public Lands in the Senate and in
the House heard the application of these claim-
ants, and on the representation that the lands
claimed under the Spanish grant were in the
possession of numerous small holders, who had
purchased them in good faith, the following law
was enacted. I ask the Clerk to read it.
