1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3501
The Clerk read as follows:
Special" S0600I" Law, March 3,1863.
Bill S. No. 537, to grant the right of preemption to
certain purchasers on tho "Soscol ranch," in the
State of California.
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That it may andshali be lawful for theCommis-
sioner of the General Land Office to cause the lines
of tho public surveys to be extended over tho tract
of country known as the "Soscol ranch," in Califor-
nia, the claim to which by Don Mariano Guadalupe
Vatlejo has been adjudged invalid by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and to have approved plats
thereof duly returned to tho proper district land of-
fice: Provided, That the actual cost of such survey
and platting shall first bo paid into the surveying fund
by settlers, according to the requirements of the tenth
section of the act of Congress approved 30th of May,
1862, " to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
of the public lands in the United States."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after the re-
turn of such approved plats to the district office, it
may and shall be lawful for individuals, bona fide
purchasers from said Vallejo, or his assigns, to enter,
according to the lines of public surveys, at $1 25 per
acre, the land so purchased, to the extent to which
the same had been reduced to possession at the time
of said adjudication of saidSupreme Court, joint en-
tries being admissableby conterminous proprietors to
such an extent as will enable them to adjust their
respective boundaries. , ,
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That municipal
claims within the limits of the said "Soscol ranch,"
may be errtered under the terms, limitations, and con-
ditions of the town-site act of 23d of MayJ844.'
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all claims
within the purview of this act shall be presented to
the register and receiver within twelve months after
the return of such surveys to the district land office,
accompanied by proof of bona fide purchase under
Vallejo, of settlement, and the extent to which the
tracts claimed had been reduced into possession at
the time of said adjudication; and thereupon each
case shall be adjudged by the register and receiver
under such instructions as shall bo given by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and no adjudi-
cation shall bo final until confirmed by the said Com-
missioner.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, Thatany claim not
brought before the register and receiver within twelve
'months, as aforesaid, shall be barred, and the lands
covered thereby, with any other tract within the lim-
its of said "Soscol ranch," the titles to which arenot
established under this act, shall be dealt with as other
public lands: Provided, That no entry shallbemade
of lands reserved and occupied for military, naval, or
other public uses, or which may be designated for
such purposes by the President, nor shall any claim
under this act extend to mineral lands.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, it -will be per-
ceived from the reading of that act of March
3,1863} that ifc recognizes the equities of these
Vallejo claimants to the extent that they have
reduced their claims to possession. It allows
them to purchase the same at the rate of $1 25
per acre under certain restrictions. That act
was demanded by these claimants and was
enacted by Congress at that time on the rep-
resentation that the claimants, as shown by the
report accompanying the bill, were a numerous
body of small land-holders settled on the ranch;
who only asked the right to enter their lands
at $1 25 an acre to the extent of their occu-
pancy and possession. I speak what I remem-
ber and know, because I was a member of the
Committee 011 Public Lands at the time. To
show that I am right I ask the Clerk to read the
extracts I have marked from the report of the
committee, and 1 am willing that the entire
report shall be printed in the Globe.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The facts upon which the Committee on Public
Lands base afavorablereportupontheabove-named
bill are as follows: .
"The Soscol ranch is settled upon and occupied
by an enterprising body of agriculturists, men who
have spent their means liberally in making improve-
ments, claiming their lands under tho Soscol grant
of M. G; Vallejo. In 1847 the town of Benicia was
laid out, its projectors and settlers relying on the
Vallejo title. It has grown to be a town of several
thousand inhabitants, and is among the more impor-
tant of the interior villages of California. The town
of Vallejo is upon the same ranch, was laid out in
1850, and is also of considerableimportance, thclands
therein being held under the same title.
" The entire ranch has passed out of the hands of
the original grantee into the possession of a multi-
tude of small holders, and is covered by numerous
small farms and orchards, each inelosed by substan-
tial fences, highly cultivated, and dotted all over with
comfortable farm-houses ana other buildings. Ail
these settlers upon the ranch hold by purchase of
M G Vallejo, having paid for their lands m good
faith and in the firm belief., supported by the best
legal advice attainable, that the-title of Vallejo was
million dollars have been expended in
improvements upon the ranch, and hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars are secured by mortgage upon the
farms into which the ranch has been divided. It
is obvious that great confusion and distress must
arise in a community of this character, with proper
interests so extensive, when it is suddenly discovered
that their title was invalid, and the wealth they had
supposed their own is suddenly taken away and all
tho accumulations of years swept from them.
"There are many circumstances which tended to
give to the settlers upon the Soscol ranch confidence
in the title which they purchased. M. G. Vallejo, the
grantee from the Mexican Government, belonged to
one of the most influential families of California. In
1827 he wasamemberof the departmental legislature.
He afterward held a high official posi tion under Gov-
ernor Figueroa, and still later, in 1839, was commis-
sioned by the supreme Government as military com-
mandant of Alta California. t At various times during
the troubles in Mexico, and its consequent pecuniary
straits, he furnished the Government large sums of
money and other supplies; and, in consideration of
these favors to the Government, Micheltorena, then
governor of California, and invested with extraordi-
nary powers by the home Government, granted to
Vallejo the Soscol ranch in 1843, several yeartfbefore
the conquest of the State by the United States. From
that time Vallejo had tho exclusive and undisputed
use and possession of the rancho having upon it his
residence, several thousand head of horses and cattle,
numerous dependents and retainers, and exercised
over it all acts of ownership. .Thus matters stood
when Californiabecame apartofthe Union by atreaty
guarantying, on the part of the American Govern-
ment, protection to the property of Mexican citizens.
Complying with the law of Congress requiring Mexi-
can citizens to prove their ownership of grants, Val-
lejo presented to tho board of land commissioners his
claim to the land he had held and owned for years
before. That board was satisfied as to the meritorious
character of this grant, for after a thorough investi-
gation of the documentary evidence in the case, and
an elaborate examination of witnesses, the case was
confirmed by said board on the 22d May, 1855. This
decision of the board of land commissioners was sub-
sequently confirmed by the higher tribunal of the Uni-
ted States district court for the northern district of
California. f
" After this grant had passed the ordeal of two courts
of the United States, and had been indorsed by them
as genuine, the owner would naturally feel warranted
in selling portions of the same to third parties, and
those desiring to purchase would not bo apt to doubt
the validity of tho title against the decision of two
courts of the United States. In addition to this, it
should be stated that tho Government desiring a loca-
tionfor a military establishment near Benicia, caused
an investigation to be made into the honajides of this
title, under the supervision of the Attorney General,
and that officer reporting that the title was valid, the
Government purchased a portion of the land, and now
holds it under the Vallejo title.
"After these various decisions the validity or the
title was taken for granted until the decision of the
United States Supreme Court. That decision was not
made upon any alleged fraud, but npon a technical
question as to the powers and duties of Micheltorena
in making the grant, and this question was raised for
the first time in that court.
" Justice Gricr, who, with Justice Wayne, dissented
from the majority of the Supreme Court in rejecting
the grant on technical grounds, said:
" 4 If this treaty is to be executed in good faith by
this Government, why should we forfeit property, for
which a large price has been paid to the Mexican
Government, on the assumption that the Mexican
Government would not have confirmed it, but woul d
have repudiated it for want of formal authority?
Vallejo was an officer in the army, high in the confi-
dence of the Government. His salary as an officer
had been in arrcar. In a time of difficulty he fur-
nishes provisions and money to the government of
the territory. How do wo know that Mexico would
have repudiated a sale of eighty thousand acres as a
robbery of its territory, when any two decent colo-
nists, having a few horses and cows, could have one
hundred thousand for nothing?
" 'I beliove the Mexican Government would have
acted honestly and honorably with their valued ser-
vant, and that the same obligation rests on us by
force of the treaty.
"•'Now that the land under our Government has
bccome of value, these grants may appear enor-
mous; but tho court has a duty to perfonn under the
treaty, which gives us no authority to forfeit a bona
fide grant because it may not suit our notions of pru-
dence or propriety,
"NYe are not, for that leason, to be astutcm search-
ing for reasons to confiscate aman's property because
he has too much. Believing, therefore, that in the
case before us the claimant has presented a geniuno
grant for a consideration paid, which the Mexican
Government would never have disturbed for any of
the reasons now offered for confiscating it, I must
express, most 1 cspcctfully, my dissent from the opin-
ion of the majority of the court, with the hope that
Congress will not suffer the very numerous pur-
chasers to forfeit the millions expended on the faith
of treaty obligations/
"The bill reported by this committee respects the
occupancy of the numerous holders under this title,
recognizing it as a preemption, and authorizing a
sale to them for the minimum price of public lands,
they paying the cost of surveys and all other ex-
penses. '
"It has been the uniform practice of Congress to
respect and protect the improvements of settlers. By
the decision we have referred to, a considerable quan-
titv of land covered with settler's improvements has
suddenly become the property of the United btates.
To send out a commission to California to appraise
those improvements would absorb all the Govern-
ment could realize from the sale of the lands, xet,
to treat the settlers as intruders upon the public
domain, and deprive them of the fruits of their
labor and investments, would be a gross departure
from the practice of the Government, and a groat
injustice to the settlers. As the bill proposes to sell
them their lands at the Government price, they to be
at all tho expense necessary for surveys, litigating
conflicting interests, &c., the Government will prob-
ably realize more from the lands than it can from any
other mode of treatment, while it will do justice to
its citizens whose interests are so deeply involved in
the premises.
" The legislation proposed in the bill is consistent
with the precedents of congressional legislation in
la.nd cases. By act of Congress approved .Tune27 
1851, the right of preemption was granted to certain
settlers on the Maison Rouge grant, in Louisiana..
Tho Congress passed the act to take affect 4 in the
event of tho final adjudication of the title in favor of
tho United States.' (9 Statutes-at-Large, page 565.)
The final decision is reported in 11 Howard, 663, ana
the act was passed while the case waspending.
"Another act, entitled an act for the settlement ..
of certain classes of private land claims within the
limits of tho-Baron do Bastrop grant, and for allow-
ing preemption to certain actual settlers in the event
of the final adjudication of the title of said de Bas-
trop in favor of the United States, was approved
March 3,1851. (9 Statutes-at-Large, page 597.) The
case is found in 11 Howard, page 609.
"The settlers on the above-named grants were
comparatively few in number, and the grants eleven
times as large as the Soscol grant, while on the latter
some three thousand families are settled, and several
thousand others, all holding under the Soscol title.
"Uptothetimeof the rejectionof theSoscolgrant
during the present Congress, the settlers were undis-
turbed by any outside parties; but difficulties have
since arisen from the entrance of parties upon the
grant on the claim that it is public land, leading to
collisions, which must increase if Congress does not
intervene. The parties so claiming have entered
within the inclosures of settlers, and scenes of vio-
lence have hence resulted.
"In view of all the facts in thecase, the fact that
so large a population of industrious agriculturists
have settled upon and improved the grant; that they
have bought their lands in good faith; tho prece-
dents cited, and thoconsistent policy of the Govern-
ment toward settlers, with the bona fides of the grant
itself, the committee report back the bill, andrecom-
mend its passage."
During the reading of the report,
Mr. HIGBY said: Does the gentleman desire
to have that report read only partially or in full?
Mr. JULIAN". I am willing it should all go
into the Globe. I dojnot wish-to consume my
hour iu reading it in full.
Mr. HIGBY. There may be a vote taken
before members can see it in the Globe.
Mr. JULIAN. If it does nt)t come out of
my time 1 have no objection to having the
whole of it read.
Mr. BID WELL. I do appeal to the gentle-
man from Indiana to permit a vote to be taken
on the amendments in the morning hour.
Mr. JULIAN. I shall make my argument
just as full and as thorough as I deem it my
duty. The question involved is an important
one. „ , .
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to have the whole of it read or only the part
marked ? , „
Mr. JULIAN. Onty the part marked. The
remainder I will insert in the Globe.
It will be seen by the facts stated in that
report that the act of Congress of March. 3,
1803, was obtained by false and fraudulent
representations of fact, as I shall proceed more
fully to show. But first I will ask to have read
the rules of decision which were adoptedby
the Land Office 111 the settlement of these diffi-
culties.
The Clerk read as follows ;
"1. The land included in these eases.was, for a con-
siderable period, regarded by many as a ranch, and
designated 'the Soscol ranch.' As such it was claimed
by Don Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo, under an alleged
grant from the Mexican Government.
"On the other hand there were those who con-
tended that the claim of Vallejo was fraudulent, and
that the land was part of the public domain of tho
United States. , ... . ,, e,
"2. The contcst at length passed into the Supremo
Court of the United States, and at the December
terra, 1861. its decision was rendered adverse to Val-
lejo, and judgment entered on tho 24th of March in
favor of the United States. *
"3 The immediate effect of this decision was to
remove or destroy the claim of Vallejo and thoso
holding under him. It in fact decl ared that all along
the land belonged to the United States, and assueh
had been, and must continue to be, open to preemp-
tion under the general acts of Congress, as any other
part of the public land. .
" 4 It therefore follows that anv person having tho
requisite qualifications, who settled as a preemptor
on this land prior to the adjudicationof the Supreme
Court or subsequent thereto, and prior to tho special
act of 3d of March, 1863, and who has properly kept
up his inaugurated claim, possesses a vested right 01
