1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
art, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yates—33.
IS AYS—Messrs. JSuckalew, Cowan, Davis, Guthrie,
Hendricks, MeDougail, Kesmith, Norton, Riddle,
Saulshury, Stockton, and VanWinkle—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Creswell, Doolittle, Grimes,
Johnson, and Wright—5.
post roads.
The amendments of the House of .Repre-
sentatives to the Senate amendments to the bill
{H. R. No. 61) to establish certain post roads
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 16th of January, railing for
the correspondence which may have taken
place between himself and any of the judges
of the Supreme Court touching the holding of
the civil courts of the United States in the in-
surrectionary States for the trial of crimes
against the United States; which was, on mo-
tion of Mr. Trumbull, ordered to be printed,
and lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid be-
fore the Senate a message from the President
of the United States communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the 3Uth of Janu-
ary, a communication of General Sherman,
relative to the condition of the States in his
military department; which, on motion" of Mr.
Trumbull, was referred to the joint committee
on reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT j9ro tempore also laid be-
fore the' Senate the following message ; which,
on motion of Mr. Soccer, was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
Believing that the commercial interests of
our country would be promoted by a formal
recognition of the independence of the Domin-
ican republic, while such a recognition would
be in entire conformity with the settled policy
of the United Slates, I have, with that view,
nominated to the Senate an officer of the same
grade with the one now accredited to the re-
public of llayti: and I recommend that an ap-
propriation he made by Congress toward pro-
viding for his compensation.
• ANDREW JOHNSON.
February 2, 18G0.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. FOOT. I move that when the Senate
adjourn to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 2, 1SC0.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
pacific railroad.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Itrmhed, That the Committee on the Pacific Kail-
road inquire into and report, by bill or otherwise, on
the expediency of extending an additional amount
of Government aid to extend the Iowa branchof said
raiiroad to the capital of lowauntif the amount shall
equal that authored in aid of the Kansas branch of
the Union Pacific railroad.
harbors on lake erie.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the repair and
improvement of the harbors of Cleveland and
Fail-port, on Lake Erie; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
suits against federal officers.
Mr. MeKEE. • I ask leave to introduce a bill
to amend the indemnity act of the 3d of March,
1863, with an accompanying memorial of citi-
zens of Kentucky.
• Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. lasktliatthe
bill be reported.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides that in
any civil or criminal prosecution commenced in
any State against an officer, civil or military,
for arrest during the existence of the rebellion,
upon affidavit of the defendant showing that
the arrest was made in good faith and in pursu-
ance of otders of a superior officer, the action
may be removed to the Court of Claims.
Sir. HARDING, of Kentucky. 'I object to
its consideration.
Mr. McKEE. Iwill,then,bringituponMon-
day morning when bills on leave are called for.
Mr. IIUBBELL, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for thepajmentof dam-
ages caused by the destruction of property of
citizens of Iowa by certain Indians therein
named; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
contested-election case.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to a question of
privilege. I made a motion yesterday, in the
case of the contested election in New Y ork city,
to reconsider the vote by which certain papers
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
As I said then, I did it simply to allow the
claimant to be heard before the House. Some
objection was made on the part of several mem-
bers that it might delay the matter too long. I
wish to inquire now whether it will meet the
convenience of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] to have the matter discussed, or
whether he prefers to have it put off until an-
other day.
Mr. BROOKS. I have been before the Com-
mittee of Elections this morning for two hours,
and have been addressing that committee, so
that 1 feel physically unable to proceed with
any discussion on the subject. It would suit
me better to have it go over till Monday.
Besides, let me remark that to-day there
occurs, by order of the House, at three o'clock,
a vote on the Freedmen's Bureau bill, and if
discussion arises on that subject now it will
occupy the attention of the House up to that
time; so that members from 'Kentucky and
others who desire to speak will be quite unable
to do so.
I wish the House to decide for itself. I do
not wish to shrink from any discussion ; though,
as I say, I am ph3"sically unable this morning
to do justice to any subject that comes up for
discussion.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to say, in consequence
of what took place yesterday, and of the fact
that there are ,sc\ eral gentlemen on this side of
the House who desire to debate this bill, and
in view of the fact that a question of privilege
has been raised by the gentleman from New
York, I have agreed that the debate on the
Freedmen's Bureau bill might continue through
to-day and to-morrow, and that after the morn-
ing hour on Monday 1 would demand the pre-
vious question. And I wish to say. at the same
time, that I desire that gentlemen who have the
floor should debate that bill, and that I shall
have to make a point of order if general debate
is indulged in.
Mr. DAWES. In reference to this matter of
privilege, as I stated yesterday, I do not intend
to participate in the debate upon the immediate
question before the House, which is whether
certain papers shall be referred to the commit-
tee and be printed. But I have this to say,
that 1 do think it is the duty of the House to
decide to-day whether that mass of testimony
sliallbe referred to the committee and beprintcd.
I will, with the leave of the House, state the
case, and state also why I think it is due to the
committee that they should decide it to-day.
The case is this: in the contested ease of
Dodge vs. Brooks, the testimony, as the com-
mittee supposed, was submitted to the House
at the commencement of the session and re-
ferred to the committee with authority to cause
to be printed such portions of it as in their opin-
ion it was proper to print, under a general order
touching all the contested cases of elections.
Upon an examination of the papersin this case,
which were referred to the committee, it was
found that it contained only the testimony upon
one side of the case. The committee called
upon the sitting member [Mr. Brooks] for his
testimony, and they have frequently called for
it from that day to this. Within a few days
past there has appeared in the Clerk's office a
large package of papers addressed, not to. the
Clerk of the House  ' :
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] allow me? ,
Mr. DAWES. I am not arguing the merits
of the case of the gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS. But the gentleman is in
error in point of fact. I desire'to say that upon
the very first call or intimation made in the
committee that it was my duty to transmit the
testimony in the possession of the Clerk of the
House to the committee, I caused that trans-
mission to be made by my own movement in
the House ; and that prior to that time no nd-
ticc was given to me by the committee of which
I was informed.
Mr. DAWES. I have reason to suppose that
long before the holidays the clerk of the com-
mittee distinctly informed the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] that there was no
testimony in this case in behalf of the sitting
member, and that if he had any to produce it
must be produced immediately, in order that
it might be printed w,ith the other matter; that
the other matter was to be sent to the printer
upon a given day, and the committee was desi-
rous of having his testimony submitted, that all
the matters might go together to the printer and
be printed in one book. After that the notice
was repeated through the clerk of the Commit-
tee of Elections to the sitting member to pro-
duce his testimony, if there was any, that it
might be printed with the testimony of the con-
testant, so that when the case might be ready
for hearing there would be no cause or occasion
for delay. This was before the holidays.
After the holidays notice was given to these
parties that the case would be ready for hear-
ing on a given day. That notice was extended
from lime to time. There never has been an in-
timation to the committee from any quarter
that there was any testimony whatever to be
printed until within a few days past. There
then appeared, I understand, not in this House,
but in the Clerk's office, a large mass of papers
purporting, as the Clerk of the House is in-
formed—1 have not seen the inside of it—to be
testimony for the sitting member. It was not
directed to the Clerk of the House, or to the
House, but as it stands now in the Clerk's office
it is directed to the sitting member by name.
Where it has been during the time since the
taking of the testimony closed by law I do not
know. By the statute the time for taking the
testimony in this case closed nearly a year
sinec.
The statute requires that the testimony shall
be reduced to writing immediately upon its be-
ing taken, in the presence of the parties, by
the judge taking the testimony, and by him
sealed up and forthwith sent to the House of
Representatives, directed to the Clerk of the
House of Representatives.
It is under these circumstances, Mr. Speaker,
and after the ease has been in hearing for two
or three days before the committee, that in the
absence of the committee from the House night
before last, this package of papers in the Clerk's
ollice was referred to the committee on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] and ordered to be printed.
Sir. UPSON. Before the recess.
Mr. DAWES. I am informed that the mo-
tion was made just befoie the recess, on day
before yesterday.
I have no opinion to express on the question
whether the testimony was properly taken or
not, or whether properly sent to the House, di-
rected to the sitting member or not, for 1 have
not heard the sitting member on that point. I
have this to say: that the committee took all
