1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
from New Jersey has always been unconstitu-
tional. The plurality rule has been the rule
in such elections in most of the States. The
States of Maine and Massachusetts were excep-
tions, but the inconvenience of the majority
rule in electing Representatives was so great
that it induced an amendment of the State con-
stitutions of these States. But suppose that
the majority is necessary to appoint a Sena-
tor. The "manner" in which the majority
manifests that choice, in failure of any restric-
tion of the constitution of the State or of the
United States, is certainly confided to their dis-
cretion, whether they vote by ballot or viva voce;
■whether by rising or sitting; whether by per-
mitting a plurality to indicate their choice, or
requiring a major!ty of all the members elected,
it is for them to decide. They did decide, that
they chose" the candidate who, on the com-
ing ballot, should receive the most votes. It
was not -an unreasonable manner, for it was
the rule adopted by the general election law of
the State. It was the manner in which mem-
bers of Congress were elected under the same
clause of the Constitution of the United States
which imposed upon them the duty they were
engaged in performing.
The Constitution of the United States com-
manded the Legislature to prescribe the man-
ner of electing Senators. The Legislature by
general enactment directs that the Senate and
General Assembly, in joint meeting assembled,
shall perforin that duty. The constitution of
"New Jersey vests all legislative power in the
Senate and General Assembly, and recognizes
them as the Legislature when in joint meeting
assembled. By custom dating before the Con-
stitution of the United States, and continued to
the present day, the first act of the joint session
has been to prescribe the rules for the govern-
ment of thatbody. U ruler these circumstances
can it be gravely insisted that the majority of
this body was incompetent to make such a rule?
But if they had 110 power from their legisla-
tive character, or from immemorial custom to
perform the duly confided to them, by the adop-
tion of rules which seemed to them calculated
to attain the ends in view; still thev were bound
by parliamentary law, aird wcrcelothed, at least,
with that authority, which appertains to all de-
liberative bodies. Mr. Cashing says, chapter
four, section three:
"In all collective bodies of men, assembled and
acting together for the purposo of deliberating and
deciding upon any ^subject, or for tire purpose ol selcct-
in:-; I" any otli< it. is stn admitted principle that what-
ever 13 done or agreed to by 1 In- greaternumbershall
stand us tlio act or tlio will of the whole.''
Again, section six:
"The law of the majority is universally admitted in
all legislative assemblies, unless in reference lo par-
ticular eases, poisons, or eiiciimstunces, a diiferent
rule is prescribed by some paramount authority, or is
agreed upon beforehand and established by the assem-
bly itself, by which a smaller number is permitted, or
a larger number is required to do some particular
act. Hut even in these eases it is the will of the ma-
jority that, governs; because it, is by a major vote;
in the fa-si instance, that the rule itself is established."
Jrt part six, chapter three, section 182G:
."Every question which is propounded to a legisla-
tive assembly for its dcterniinafiun, and voted upon
in any of themanner.sprescribed, receives its decision
according to the preponderance of the votes, which,
unlesssqm.cotherruleis expressiv prescribed, as there
usually is in each assembly in reference to particular
qucsrioris, is ordinarily elfceted by a majority, in
those eases where the rules or customs of any assem-
bly allow a vote to remain on an equal division, the
decision, neither side preponderates, is necessarily
in the negative. In manv cases it is provided, either
by a constitutional requisition or by rule, that partic-
ular questions, in order to prevail, shall require more,
or admit of less, than the ordinary majority in their
favor.1'
The 40 votes given for Mr. Stockton, no olio
else having more than 07, was, then, an indi-
cation of tire will of the majority, and that was
the will of the whole. Every member elected
to the Legislature was present and voted; no
protest or objection was made. The result is,
that "the Legislature," and every member of
it, vo.ted for, chose, and appointed Mr. Stock-
ton. The question is clearly within the prin-
ciple ofthe case from Florida, which was unan-
imously decided by the Senate. The result of
that case was to establish the principle that,
until Congress shall pass an act on the subject,
the State Legislatures may choose their own
methods for the election of United States Sen-
ators. In this case it appeared that a poll viva
voce was taken ofthe members, pursuant to the
requirements of the constitution of the State,
and 29 responded David L. Yulee, and 29
blank ; whereupon the presiding officer declared
that no choice had been made. They then pro-
ceeded to a second and third vote, with sub-
stantially the same result. On the 15th of Jan-
uary, 1851, they again met in convention for
the same purpose, and upon a call of the roll,
31 members responded S. R. Mallory, and 27
voted for Mr. Yulee, and others; whereupon
the president declared Mr. Mallory to be duly
elected. Neither the record nor any other evi-
dence in the case shows that any objection was
made at the time. The certificate of election
was granted to Mr. Mallory, and he, having
been qualified, held the seat.
Mr. Yulee contested the scat on the ground
that he was himself clectcd at the first vote,
because there was a quorum of each House
present, and I10 being the only qualified person
voted for, had a majority of the legal votes;
those who responded "blank," voted for no
qualified person, and waived their rights.
Mr. Mallory opposed to this inference a res-
olution of tire two Houses, adopted in 1845 by
concurrent vote, which had never been re-
scinded, and was in the following words :
"Ifrsotveit, That a majority of all the members-elect,
composing the two Houses of General Assembly, shall
be necessary to determine all elections devolving upon
that body."
The whole number of members-elect was
fifly-nino, and Mr. Yulee not having a majority
of that number was not elected, if the rule was
binding and. valid.
Mr. Bright, on behalf the committee to whom
the Florida case was referred, made a report,
which says:
" It may bo observed that the power given to the
Legislature to regulate the time, place, and manner,
applies as well to Ilepresontatives as to Senators; and
here again are other diversities in the manner of ex-
orcising it. Koine States elect by a plurality of votes;
otheis by a majority, and others have lequircd attho
tirst trial a majority, and a plurality afterward. Some,
again, (until Congress made a law upon the subject,)
elected by a general ticket, others byasingle district,
or districts entitled to more than one, according to
convenience. .None of these modes of electing Sena-
tors or Representatives have been held unconstitu-
tional, but membcis hay e been uniformly admitted
to their seats, whether elected in one ormore of these
modes. These practices have at all times existed,
and have uniformly been recognized as constitutional,
proving clcarlv tluit the discretion reposed in the Le-
gislatures of tlio States may be excrcised in a diver-
sity of ways, and yet ho a suflicient compliance with
tiie requirements of the Constitution. With these
views,, the committee recommend the adoption of the
following resolution:
"7tVs-o/(v'</, That lion, Stephen K. Mallory was duly
elected a member ot the Senate ofthe United States
fiom the .'Jd day of March, 1851."
Alter lengthy debate the report of the com-
mittee was adopted, and the resolution unani-
mously jjassed.
_ Mr. 'Coombs, in Harlan's case, (Congres-
sional Globe, third session Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, page 299,) says:
"Iowa has a perfect right, until Congress acts, to
proscribe the mode in which her State senators and
representatives shall cast their votes, as she x'loascs.
It ought to be fixed, not as the Senator from Maine
says, by the particular Legislature which elects.
1'hero is nothing in the Constitution like that. Power
is given to 'Congress,' and in exactly the same words
t° the 'Legislature'—any Legislature which maybe
lawfully constituted under the constitution of Iowa.
Tliero is perfect and absolute power on this subject
in the Legislatures in the States until Congress acts,
vv hen Congress chooses, it can define how those per-
sons whose duty it is under the Constitution to elect
Senators, shall do so. The State Legislatures can
exercise.the right. It can bo done by majority, or by
a plurality, or in any way, so that all the electors arc
allowed to vote, and none are deprived of their right."
The first article of the Constitution of the
United States enacts that the House of Rep-
resentatives shall "choose" their "Speaker"
and other officers.
In reference to an election for Speaker, Mr.
Gushing says:
"In regard to the number of votes necessary to
elect..it seems to be a rule established, at least by
practice and usage, that nothing shortofan absolute
majority will he sufficient, oven in those States whore
the election of other officers takes place by a plu-
rality."
But he.adds in a note:
"In the House of Representatives in Congress the
Speakerhas always been elected without any previous
order of the House, or piovision of law to that cfl'ect,
but simply in virtue of a resolution of the House to
proceed to.the election of a Spe* er. On one occa-
sion, and the only one it is believed that ever took
place, the principle was departed from, the election
of Speaker of the House in the Thirty-First Con-
gress, contested principally between Hon. Kobert C.
Winthrop, of Massachusetts, who bad been Speaker
of the last House, and Hon. Howell Cobb, of Georgia.
That memorable contest began on the 3d of Decem-
ber, 1849, and ended 011 the 22d, after sixty-three bal-
lotings. Picvious to the last balloting ^resolution
was adopted, that at the next, trial, in order to in-
sure an organization a plurality should be sufficient
to elect. At the last balloting Mr. Cobb received
102 votes out of 2*22, and was accordingly declared
elected."
It is well known that after a much more se-
vere struggle in 185G, Nathaniel P. Banks, jr.,
on the one hundred and thirty-third ballot
was elected Speaker under the plurality rule,
having only 103 votes out of 214.
Now, it will be remembered, that in the House
of Representatives the Speaker has always been
elected without any previous order ofthe House,
while in New Jersey the joint meeting have
always made their own rules.
That an absolute majority by parliamentary
law is required for a presiding officer where all
other appointments may be made by a plurality.
That the Speaker is required to be "chosen"
as well as Senators under the Constitution.
If a plurality has twice elected or "chosen"
a Speaker of the House, cannot a plurality,
when a majority has so ordered, elcct or choose
a Senator?
It maybe urged that the consequences which
would follow from permitting less than a ma-
jority of the whole to clect, furnish a conclusive
argument against it. This was the argument
used this morning: that if two members vote
fur one person, and every other member by him-
self for different individuals, the person having
two votes would have a plurality, and two votes
might elect. That this argument is nieresoph-
istry is easily manifested:
1. The question is, whether the New Jersey
Legislature in joint meeting assembled had the
constitutional right to choose a Senator by
adopting by a majority vote a plurality rule.
This argument amounts to no more than that
there might be eases "where the rule would be
inconvenient." It is an argument ab incon-
venienii alone, and might be properly urged to
prevent the adoption of the rule, but it does
not touch the question of power on the part of
the joint meeting to make it.
2. After the majority had adopted the rule,
by parliamentary law 2 votes were 41 and 4i
were 81. Trie majority adoption of the rule is
the solemn pledge that they will accept the re-
sult as their own act. They vote for the can-
didate who has the plurality in advance.
3. The argument from inconvenience applies
equally to the election of members of the House
of Representatives; if a conclusive argument
in one case, it is so in the other, for it is the
same clause in the Constitution under which
the elections are held, and from which the
power is derived, and the consequence is that
our election law and that of nearly every other
State is unconstitutional, and we have never
had a constitutional House of Representatives.
4. The majority rule did exist in Maine and
New Hampshire, and was abolished as the
most inconvenient of the two.
5. Nearly all the State appointments made
by the joint meeting are made with only two
or three voting; sometimes no vote is taken at
all. It is done by agreement and consent, yet
the silent assist in choosing the persons ap-
pointed. By way of example, in the joint
meeting which elected Mr. Stockton, on mo-
tion of Mr. Holsman it was "resolved that the
vote for county judges and commissioners of
deeds be taken by acclamation, and that the
counties in which vacancies exist be called in
alphabetical order." When, on motion of Mr.
Lake, a list of ten gentlemen were appointed
commissioners.
6. That under the laws of at least six of the
States where a majority of those present are
