m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIOKA.L GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
New York Contested Election-—Mr. Brooks.
service voted, though absent from home, and
when_ the soldieKs in the field voted, it is a
notorious fact that there "was a full vote. The
votes everywhere increased, bat they increased
no mote in proportion in these twelfth .and fif-
teenth districts of the eighteenth ward than in
several of the districts where Mr. Dodge had
a majority ife the eighteenth and- twenty-first
■wards. The proportionate increase was nearly
the same in all those districts.
I call the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] to this fact, and ask
him to verifyit, and then do me justice in pre?
senting it to the consideration of his friends
on that side of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I know these things are tedious
to the House, and I am sorry to trouble the
House with them. But there is no other way for
an outcast like me to obtain justice from the party
in power but by appealing to them for justice.
I know they Will give it to me if they will only
study the case until they can comprehend and
understand it. I have reliance upon that side
of the House ; and I am addressing my argu-
ments mainly to that justice, for justice alone
do I demand of them. And having submitted
these few facts, I will drop the consideration
of that subject in order to proceed to others
that demand my attention.
The point to which I wish now to especially
call the attention of this House, and more par-
ticularly the attention of my honorable col-
leagues from thfe State of New York, is the utter
violation in this case of the statutes of New
York by the contestant and his friends—the
Statutes against bribery and corruption.
The laws of the State of New York, and I
trust it is so in other States, are very rigid
against the employment of money in elections,
except solely tor the purposes of printing, or
for bringing sick and infirm voters to the polls.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] and the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabaeg-er,] Whose atten-
tion was called to those laws against bribery
in the elections, in the argument, and the law
was also set forth in my brief, have not given
those statutes the least possible attention.
Now, how is that ? Why was that ? The hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shella-
bakgkr] was pleased to address this House
with all tho power of his logic, with all his
influence, and with all the eloquence he can
array, and to ask what would be the conse-
quences if the people of this country permitted
irregularities like those which he alleged ex-
isted in the fifteenth district of tho eighteenth
ward.
Now, I ask him here, what more dangerous,
alarming, terrible precedent can be set than to
allow a man with the enornrous income which
I have proved this contestant to possess, or to
allow his friends to use it so as to control pecu-
niarily-the district in which he may live, or any
other district in which he may choose to ex-
ert the influence of his money. The custom is
but little known in this country I hope, though
it is well knownin England. The nobility and
great capitalists of England, especially of Lon-
don, are in the habit of buying up whole bor-
oughs and thus destroying'the perfect right of
representation. This practice has never before
been introduced into this country ; or if it has
been introduced, it has never before been made
a matter of record until this case arose.
Now, I have proved from the contestant's
own confessions, in" his remarks of February
2, as delivered before this House and published
m the Daily Globe, that he spent $6,000—or
some sum not exceeding that, it was not quite
up to that sum—of his own money, and he
drew forth from his pocket on his examination,
when this testimony was taken, the two sub-
scription papers which 1 hold in nay hand, hav-
ing in them §5,000 more, making over $11,000
in all, which came from him and some of his
friends Now, I have proved from the record
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
that he and his friends spent over $15,000,
and I charge here, with the fullest belief in the
fact, that he spent thousands and thousands
of dollars beyond that..
But if it were only $6,000, or if it were* only
$4,000, what right had the contestant to use
these vast^ sums of money to procure an elec-
tion to this House? Or if he does thus pro-
cure an election to, this House, what right has
he to' come here, reeking all over with fraud
and corruption, and attempt to turn me out
-upon charges of corruption and fraud? I say
to him, "You, sir, who charge others with
fraud, ought to come before the Representatives
of the people with clean hands and a pure
heart. But your hands are soiled with corrup-
tion ; you have shaken hands with perjurers
and scoundrels; your parlors have been des-
ecrated by the presence of the vilest of men;
your associations have been with men who
have never entered my house or my domicile.
And yet you come here, in the Hall of the
Representatives of the people, and allege fraud
agaifist me!"
For this expenditure of $6,000, or of $15,000
as I allege, has been made for purposes of cor-
ruption which the Representatives of the peo-
ple here will never sanction; or if they do
sanction it here, it will never be sanctioned
elsewhere.
Now, I might enter into an analysis of the
names upon these subscription papers, if I
considered it worth while. I could go through
tho whole record and show the motives which
prompted these contributions. But I will not
do it; let them go for what they are worth.
Now, does the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] know that Mr. Dodge had
no connection with the expenditure of this
money? If he says so, then I call the atten-
tion of the House to the testimony of Mr.
Cowden, on page 48 of the Brooks book.
When asked who suggested that he should act
as treasurer, he said:
" Mr. Cannon suggested that I should act as treas-
urer; I only acted as treasurer for such money as Mr.
Dodge> put m my bands for certain purposes. I did
net coileet one single dollar; Ididnofcask amanfor
a dollar for Mr. Dodge's ©lection. Mr. Dodge said,
llero is a campaign to be carried on, and money is
wanted; you have had some experience in the mat-
tor; just do whatever you would do for yourself/ "
And yet I am to be told that Mr. Dodge had
no connection with this great expenditure of
money!
Now I call attention, with'something ofpain
and something of reluctance, to another matter.
I am not a member of a church ; I deeply re-
gret that I am not. I have not made any pro-
fession of religion whatever. I often pray in
my inner heart, and before my eyes close in
death 1 hojie I may be so changed that I may
be sure of entering the portals of heaven.
But I am now no professor of religion ; I never
set myself above other men; 1 am no better
than they, and yet, as the poet Hood says,
"I sometimes kneel upon the sod,
Etformd pauperis sue to God."
But the contestant in this case is a professor
of religion; a member of the church. He is
one who reads the commandments, among
which is this: "Remember thou the Sabbath
day and keep it holy.'' He is bound to live
up to every one of his professions. Yet he
comes in here and charges me with frauds,
while he and his agents have been guilty of
acts to which I will call the attention of the
House.
I shall show that a vile bargain, a corrupt
bargain, was made by this treasurer of Mr.
Dodge, this Elliot C. Cowden, and by another
man, Le Grand B. Cannon, both of them, I
regret to say, members of a church in the city
of New York, with the Tammany Hall Demo-
cratic candidate; consorting with Democrats
notwithstanding his horror of them, and that'
too, on the Sabbath day. I shall show by this
record here that on a Sunday they drove a hard
bargain, and were nearly successful in accom-
plishing the purpose for which that bargain
was made.
- Mr. Cowden was under examination, and I
will read as follows:
" Question. Mr. Cannon has testified that the inter-
view you and he had with Mr. Barr at your house
was, he thinks, the Sunday before the election. Does
that agree with your recollection ?
"Answer. I should think it was longer. I should
think a week before the election; still I cannot say.
Question. That was the interview at which yon
agreed to give Mr. Barr $2,000?
Answer. It must have been.
Question. The election was on Tuesday, the 8th ?
Answer. I paid him on the seventh; then very
likely it was the day before, on Sunday.
Question. Now, did Mr. Barr come to your house
onSunday by appointment?
Answer. I am not quite sure that hedid not come
to my house three times; he called at the door once-
he cainc once by appointment, and once not.; I asked
him to come; I said, 'Let me see you again.' He
came> to my door one evening for the purpose of indu-
cing Mr. Dodge's/riends to induce him to withdraw on
the ground that it was a democratic district, and that
he (Barr) could be elected; then I said, 'I have got
some friends here to-night, and if you can, come and
see me when we can talk about it.' I did not like
to throw cold water upon him at once; he came to see
me at my request; I think he came three times."
*******##
Question. Now, I recur again to my former ques-
tion, which you did not answer, whether the meoting
at your house the Sunday before the election was by
appointment?
, "Answer. It is very difficult to say whether it was
Or not: I know I told him that I was generally at
homei in the evening, when he came the first time,
and that I should be glad to see him at any time. I
cannot tell you whether I asked him to come that
Sunday or not; but I know I told him if he bad any-
thing particular to say, he would almost always find
me at home m the evening.
. " Question. Before he came there that Sunday even-
ing, did you mention to Mr. Cannon that Mr. Barr
was to be there ?
"jIimwoc. It appears to me I did; that I thought ho
would be there.
Thcn itmusthave been by appointment
that Mr. Barr came there?
44Answer. It was by appointment, so far as Mr. Can-
non was concerned, I think: X met him almost every
day, and he saw something 01 Mr. Barr almost as often
as I did."
There is the fact of the establishment of a
bargain made on the Sabbath day, the "Lord's
day," as they call it in New England ; a bar-
gain driven with tho Democratic candidate to
keep in the field for $2,000; a bargain made
on the Lord's day, and the money paid by a
New England man through his friends, he being
a professor of religion.
But he says, "I did not make the bargain j
I did not drive that bargain.'' He cuts loose
from his friends Cowden and Cannon, and
throws them overboard. " I did not make the
bargain; sinners they are, I admit, to make
bargains on Sunday; I had nothing to do with
it; 1 did not know it until a week or more after
the election."
Now, let us see what connection he had with
the bargain. Wo had Mr. Dodge as a witness
on the stand. Here is his testimony on this
subject:
"Question. When was your last payment to Mr.
Cannon on account of the election ?
Answer 1 did not pay anything to Mr. Cannon
exccpt on election day.
Question. How much was that?
Answer^. Five thousand dollars. He returned me,
aiter election, I think, $360.
(s Question. For what purpose was that?
Answer. I don't know; it was some expenses for
carriages, for hack-hire; he said he might want it in
tne course of the day.
Cowmen?'°n' Wiien was your *ast Parent to Mr.
• ^ have not the date; but my impression
is that it was some three or four weeks after election.
Question. And the amount?
Answer. It was exactly $2,000."
" Exactly $2,000!" Exactly the amount
agreed upon in this bargain to be paid to keep
Mr. Barr in the field.
Question. Was any statement made at that time
for what purpose that $2,000 was?
% wrote mo that he had a bill to pay,
and that Mr. Cannon had stated that funds had been
put m my hands.
Question. Do you know whether that $2,000 was for
any special purpose ?
u Answer. I have heard since it teas to pay Mr. Bart*
« Questl0n• Did you know that at the time i
Answer, I suspected ity but didn't hnoxo it"
