THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
which he cannot be deprived by any legislation of
Congress. It is indeed not to be presumed that Con-
gress designed to disturb such rights by the speetal aet.
"5. This special aet is in the nature of an enabling
or remunerative act, and appears to be intended to
compensate", as far as was proper, the claimants under
Vallejo for the loss sustained by them as purchasers
from him, in consequence of the decision of the Su-
preme Court.
"6. It therefore requires that, in order to establish
a claim under the act, it must first of all appear
affirmatively that they are bona fide purchasers from
Vallejo or bis assigns.
"'This implies two things, a valuable consideration
and the absence of notice of a valid adverse preemp-
tion claim.
"7. Such purchasers, in the absence of valid ad-
verse claims, may be allowed the land originally
claimed by them to the extent to which they show
that they have reduced it to possession, upon pro-
ducing evidence of compliance with the other pro-
visions of the law. This may include the whole of
the original purchase, or only the part actually occu-
pied or possessed,
"8. This occupancy or possession relates back to
the 24th of March, 1862, that being the period of adju-
dication by the Supreme Court or the date of the
entry of the decree.
"The possession must then have existed; subse*
quent 'reduction to possession-' cannot be consid-
ered.
11 The fact itself may be established by proof of
actual occupancy or use of the land at that date, or
the existence of dwellings, improvements, of inclo-
snres within marked trees, stakes, stones, fences, or
other visible lines or indications of claims to special
tracts.
"9. In addition to proof of bona fide purchase and
of reduction to possession, there must beproof of set-
tlement.
"By settlement is meant a residence within the
exteiiorlimits of the ranch or original Vallejo claim.
"This settlement mitst necessarily be on a particu-
lar tract, and must be continued until the presenta-
tion ofthe claim atthe local office, or until proven up.
"Abandonment of a tract after the adjudication of
the Supreme Court, or before proving up, would be a
forfeiture of a claim.
"The claim of a non-resident cannot bo approved.
"The fact of residence on one tract would, however,
five conditional validity to a claim for other tracts.
Iencc, a claimant establishing a right to a single
tract may be allowed additional tracts if it appears
he purchased them in good faith from Vallejo or his
assigns, and without notice of an adverse valid claim,
and that by employes or tenants ho had reduced them
to possession at the date of the adjudication of the
Supreme Court. «
"10. Conterminous claims may be allowed. These
must come, in all other respects, within the require-
ments of the aet of March 3,1863.
" 11. The first section of the special act rendered it
lawlul lor me to«ause the Soscol ranch to be sur-
veyed and have the plats returned to the local office
upon the payment of the expenses thereof by the
settlers, according to the provisions of the tenth sec-
tion of the aet of Congress of 30th of May, 1S62, 'to
reduce the expenses of the survey and sale of public
lands in the United States.'
"The required payment was commenced 9th Octo-
ber, 1863, (S100.) and completed November 23,1863,
and the plats returned to the local office in Septem-
ber, October, and December, 1863.
"12. It must appear that the claims under the spe-
cial act were presented to tho local office within
twelve months after the return of the plats thereto,
whtcn took place as follows, namely:"
Mr. JULIAN. The following letter will also
be found pertinent to the subject:
Philadelphia, May 30,1S66.
I have carefully examined the decision ofthe Com-
missioner of the General Land Office ofthe loth Jan-
uary last, in the Soscol ease; also the above argu-
ment of Hon. P. P. Stanton and others, in the same
case. Iful!ya,ml clearly concur in all the views set
forth in said decision and argument. The general
preemption law of 1S11 was diawn by me as a Sena-
tor of the United States and membe* of tho Commit-
tee on Public Lands and of the Judiciary Committee.
I was a member of the Committee on Public Lands
of the u nited States Senate for nearly ten years; and
as Secretary of rhe Treasury of the United States, on
appeal or reference from the Commissioner of-the
General Land Oflico, as well as under special acts of
Congress, decided several thousand preemption eases,
not one of which decisions hast ever been overruled
by the supreme Court of the United States. I have
also argued a great many lana-grant and preemption
eases in the courts of Louisiana and Mississippi, and
also in the Supreme Court of the United States.
K. J. WALKER.
Mr. McRUER. Is that intended as an
advertisement?
Mr. JULIAN. If the gentleman lias not
comprehension enough to know what it was
intended for, I am quite sure I cannot en-
lighten him.'
Mr. Speaker, under these rules of the land
office, as indorsed by Hon. Bobert J. Walker,
several of these cases have been decided, and
decided, thus far, in favor of the preemptors.
Mr. BID WELL. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. JULIAN. Only for a question.
Mr. BID WELL. Is not Robert J. Walker
a partner of E; P. Stanton, one of the lawyers
in interest on the Other side?
Mr. JULIAN. I do not know.*
Mr. BID WELL. I know he is.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not know whether he
is or not, and do not care. As I have already
observed, this aet of Congress was passed upon
the statement that the claimants were a numer-
ous body of land-holders, several thousand in
all, occupying small tracts, and only asking
the right to purchase to the extent of their
actual possession ; but the fact turns out to be
that after being allowed all the time that the
act of 1863 provides for the assertion and
proof of their claims, only one hundred and
fifty-seven claimants all told have made proof
under the law as to their rights of ownership
in that ranch. Let me give the House a sam-
ple of these "small'' land-holders.
John B. Frisbie, one of the grantees nnder
the Vallejo title, claims four thousand acres.
H« did not reside and never has resided on the
premises, as I understand. His residence is
in the city of Vallejo. Is he a " smallholder"
and a "settler" on the ranch?
D. H. Hastings claims nearly five thousand
acres. He resides in the town of Benicia, and
not on the land. Has he any rights under the
act of 1863 for the preemption and purchase
of this tract 1
C. A. Eastman claims twenty-five hundred
acres, and resides in San Francisco. Is he,
too, a "small holder" with the right of pre-
emption of this entire tract?
J. M. Neville claims six hundred and forty
acres, and is a non-resident, his home also
being in San Francisco.
Thomas S. Paige claims twenty-seven hun-
dred acres, and resides in Chili, South Amer-
ica, and has resided there for many years. Is
he, too, a "smallholder," entitled to pre-
empt his little possessions? Is it the policy
of this G-overnment to encouarge foreigners to
become large land-owners among us, who re-
side abroad and do nothing for the country,
but hinder American citizens from preempt-
ing the public domain in small homesteads?
J. Lankershin claims four hundred and sixty-
six acres, and resides in San Francisco; and
the seven claimants I have named assert the
right to fifteen thousand seven hundred and
six acres under the act of 1863, giving them
the right to preempt at §1 25 per acre to the
extent of their actual possession.
Mr. Speaker, is it the policy of the Govern-
ment to encourage this large land-holding by
foreigners and non-residents in contravention
of the "well-settled policy ofthe United States?
Would the Congress of 1863 ever Jiave enacted
this law if it had understood the character of
these claimants? Is it not perfectly clear that
Congress was imposed upon in the passage of
that act, and that no construction of it should
be tolerated which will favor these monopolists
at the expense of preemptors and homestead
claimants?
Let me recite some kindred facts. One Sin-
gleton Vaughan claims two hundred and sixty
acres ; Charles Ramsey seventeen hundred and
sixty: John W. Bartlett and John Baker three
thousand; Joseph and John Wilson sixteen
hundred; John Goodyear two thousand : An-
drew and James Hunter sixteen hundred; J.
Hill thirteen hundred: John Torney about
seven hundred and sixty-six ; and Peter Fagan
eight hundred and sixty-six. This makes a
total of thirteen thousand one hundred and
fifty-two acres owned by ten men ; so that with
the seven beforenamed here are seventeen
land-holders claiming twenty-eight thousand
eight hundred and fifty-eight acres of this land,
seven of them non-residents of the ranch, one
of them a non-resident of the country, claiming
titles under the law of 1863, which was pro-
cured, as I have shown, by false and fraudulent
representations to both the committees of Con-
gress at that time.
* J have since learned that Mr. Walker has no in-
terest whatever in tha law bugindss of Mr. Stanton.
Let me state some other facts bearing upon
this case ; and what I have said and shall say
on these matters of fact I get from the records
of the Land Office, to which I refer gentlemen
who may see fit to controvert any statements
that I may submit.
Jacob Anderson, father of A. J. Anderson,
a preemption claimant, settled on tli6 Sheehy
tract in 1855. The first purchase of Sheehy,
the Vallejo claimant, was in August, 1856, and
the second in 1858; so that here is one claim
of a preemptor prior in date to the claims set
up under the Vallejo grant. Will the gentle-
■man from California [Mr. Bidwell] pretend
that the preemptor should be ousted? Berry
Shousq bought of Frisbie, in October, 1856, the
land claimed by Nesbitt as a preemption, who
proves settlement in April, 1853. He built a
house, stables, sheds, &c., and remained on
the land from that date to 1858, fenced in a
garden, planted an orchard, &c. In 1856 the
sheriff put him off at the instance of Frisbie,
under the Vallejo title. Is this the treatment
of preemptors which California land speeifla-
tors ask us to sanction ?-
The records of the Land Office show, too,
that some of the Vallejo claimants purchased
of Frisbie, who is the son-in-law of Yallejo,
after the act of March, 1863, was passed, and
some of them after the rejection of the grant
by the Supreme Court. Have they any rights
under the act of 1803?
Granting, in other respects, the justice of
the claim of these men, certainly none of them
can assert any right on the ranch subsequent
to the date of the decision of the Supreme
Court, or subsequent to the passage of the act
of 1S63 ; for the effect of the decision was to
make'it unappropriated public lands, and the
effect of the act of 1863 was to restrict all par-
ties to the provisions of that act. Clearly,
then, the Land Office was right in deciding as
it did in favor of the preemptors in these cases
in opposition to this void claim set up against
it; and I am very sorry to find the gentlemen
representing California so strenuously at work
to defeat the just rights asserted by that decision.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to the questions
of law applicable to these facts. The aet which
I have referred to and which has been read to
the House is an act entitled "An act to grant
the right of preemption to certain purchasers
on the Soscol ranch in the State of Califor-
nia." Its title shows that it was itself an act
providing for the preemption of the land spe-
cified.
The term "preemption" implies settlement
in person on the land. Congress undoubtedly
so understood it. In proof of this, I remind
the House of the language of the report of the
Land Committee in 1863, on which the act was
thought to be justified. I quote the following:
"The Soscol ranch is settled upon and occnjjied by
an enterprising body of agriculturists." * > *
" claiming their lan'ds under the Soscol grant."
* sj! * * * * * * * *
44 The entire ranch has passed out of the hands of
the original grantee, into the possession of a multi-
tude of small holders," &c. * * * * "All
these, settlers upon the ranch hold by a purchase of
M. G. Vallejo." *******
"There are many circumstances which tended to
give to the settlers upon the Soscol ranch confidence
in the title which they purchased." * * * *
"The bill reported by this committee respects the
occujjaiicy of the numerous holders under this title,
recognizing it as a preemption." * * * *
"It has been the uniform practice of Congress to re-
spect and protect the improvements of settlers," &c.
It is thus quite evident that Congress under-
stood these Vallejo claimants to be settlers on
the land. What is a settler ? 1 refer to the
authorities on the subject:
" Bouvier's Law Dictionary, vol. 2. p. 519, gives it as
' the right which a person has of being considered as
resident of a particular place.' [tissynonymous with
domicile, or ' the place where a person has fixed his
ordinary dwelling with apresent intention ofremain-
mg.' Id. vol. 1, p. 342, The word eomes into the
English language from the Latin 'necles' or 'sedco,'
and means not only a personal residence, but a per-
manent personal residence. In England, as far back
as Elizabeth, a persorf must personally reside in a
parish forty days with the intention of making it his
permanent, home, before ho could gain a 'settle-
ment'in such pariah. Webster gives the definition
ofthe word to 'settle' as to 'fix one's habitation
or residence.' Bun-ill's Law Lexicon defines ' set-
