2632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
are abundant in the forms of rye and corn ;
and we have been able heretofore to compete
successfully in the business of manufacturing
a!cohoI with ouririends in the East who arc so
generally superior in manufactures. But if
this paragraph shall pass that interest in the
West will bo destroyed.
Now, I wish to call the attention of tlie House
to the unfairness of this paragraph. I say what
I mean ; I use the word "unfairness" inten-
tionally. It is known to the country that the
business of manufacturing alcohol is performed
by two modes. The mode which has been suc-
cessfully performed in the West is the redis-
tillation carried on by continued processes in
the same establishment in which Lhe spirit is
manufactured. By continued redistillation it
is rectified to the standard of alcohol.
Now this bill, infamous in this particular,
the vile brood of a local interest—I have no
reference of course to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. MortKH.L,] for
he evidently has been imposed upon—this bill
provides that alcohol and spirits shall not be
made, in 1 he same establishment. Why? There
is no other reason that can be given than that
it is because wo can manufacture alcohol out
of the cheap corn of the West, in the same
establishment where spirits is made, at such a
rate that no man who buys his spirits in New
.York or New England can compete with us.
And therefore it is that obstacles must be put
in the way of the successful manufacture of
alcohol in the West.
And how is that done? This bill requires
our distiller to take his spirits out of the
whisky distillery, put it in barrels, put it into
bond, then take it out of bond, and put it into
another establishment where it is to be made
into alcohol. And when I asked why this was
done, one of the heads of bureau informed mo
that it was to enable the eastern manufacturer
to compote with the western manufacturer.
Now hero in this instance the man is not al-
lowed to produce alcohol in any particular
quantity by rectifying, or if he does he has to
pay this additional tax for every lew hundred
gallons that are rectified.
Mr. ALLISON. I am quite as anxious as
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Haiuhnc] to pro-
tect the interests of our western friends who
are engaged in this business. The provision
that ho objects to is a mere repetition of the
existing law; and I have yet to hear of a
single rectifier of whisky or manufacturer of
alcohol in the West who complains of this
license.
The provision prohibiting the rectifying of
whisky or the manufacture of alcohol upon
the same premises or in the same establish-
ment where high-wines are distilled, is in an-
other part of this bill, and has no reference
whatever to this subject. I think that it is a pro-
vision that should bo adopted, perhaps with
some modification ; because it is well known
that under the existing law most of the frauds
that have been discovered have been in the
cases of parties'who manufacture alcohol upon
the same premises where they distill high-wines,
without having their higli-wines inspected.
This provision is evidently a just one. It
certainly is a just one now, when we have
doubled the tax upon the manufacture of dis-
tilled spirits, but leaves the tax as it exists
in the present law upon the manufacture of
alcohol and the rectifying of whisky.
I hope the amendment of the gentleman
• from Illinois [Mr. Hardixg] will not be
adqpted.
The amendment of Mr. Hardijtg, of Illinois,
was not agreed to. -
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
19. Coal-oil distillers shall pay fifty dollars. Any
person, firm, or corporation, who shall refine, pro-
duce, or distill crude or refined petroleum or rock
oil, or crude coal oil, or crude or refined oil made of
asphaltum, shale, peat, or other bituminous sub-
stances, or shall manufacture coal illuminating oil
shall be regarded as a coal-oil distiller under this
act,
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word "coal'' before the words "illuminating
oil."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
20. Keepers of hotels, inns, or taverns shall be class-
ified and rated according to the yearly rental, or, if
not rented, according to the estimated yearly rental
of the house and property intended to be -o occupied,
as follows, to wit: when the rent or valuation of the
yearly rental of said house and property shall be $200,
or less, shall pay ten dollars; and if exceeding $200,
for any additional $100 or fractional part thereof in
excess of §200, live dollars. Every place where food and
lodging are provided for and furnished to travplers
and sojourners, in view of payment therefor, shall be
regarded as a hotel, inn, or tavern, under this act:
Provided, That keepers of hotels, taverns, and eat-
ing-houses, in which liquors are sold by retail, to be
drank upon the promises, shall pay an additional
tax of twenty-five dollars. The yearly rental shall
be fixed and established by the assessor of the proper
district at its proper value; but if lontud, atnot less
than the actual rent agreed on by the parties. All
steamers and vessels upon waters of the United States,
on board of winch passengers or travelers arc pro-
vided with food or lodgings, shall bo subject to and
requnedto pay twenty-five dollars: Provided, That
if there bo any fraud or collusion in the return of
actual rent to the assessor there shall be a penalty
equal to double the amount of the tax required by
this section, to bo collected as other penalties under
this act are collected.
Mr. MORRILL. In the sentence which now
reads, "the yearly rental shall be fixed and
established by the assesor of the proper dis-
trict at its proper value," I move to insert the
word "assistant" before the word "assessor,"
and the word "assessment" before the word
" district."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
this paragraph by striking out the following:
Provided, That if there bo any fraud or collusion
in the return of actual rent to the assessor, there shall
be a penalty equal to double the amount of the tax
required by this section, to be collected as other pen-
alties uuder this act are collected.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That any person who shall mako a false
or fraudulent return of tho annual rent mentioned in
tins paragraph shall be subject to a penalty therefor
of double the amount of the ta.x.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by inserting
at the close of the first sentence in this para-
guiph the following proviso:
Provided, That no license shall be required when
the rent or valuation of the yearly rental shall be
less than $100.
The object of my amendment must bo ap-
parent to any one. It is merely to exempt from
this tax a class of people who keep small coun-
try wayside inns, which can hardly be called
inns or taverns, except for the purposes of
this act; places which are kept for the benefit
of passers-by rather than for profit.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the following proviso :
Provided, That the keepers of hotels, taverns, and
eating-houses, in which liquors are sold by retail, to
be drank upon the premises, shall pay an additional
tax of twenty-five dollars.
In the first place, this proposes to tax tavern-
keepers on a pretty high rental. Now, a tav-
ern-keeper, everywhere that I know anything
about, is a man who keeps a house of public
entertainment, including liquor to be drank
upon the premises. Retailors of liquor that is
not to be drank upon the premises are a differ-
ent class of persons and are taxed differently.
It is- proposed by this paragraph to tax all
tavern-keepers twenty-five dollars more for
selling liquors to be drank on the premises than
if they sold none. Now, a tavern where no
liquors are sold is no tavern. All taverns, ex-
cept now and then a temperance house, as it is
called, sell what we propose to charge twenty-
five dollars for. In Pennsylvania a man licensed
to keep a tavern is allowed by the law to sell
liquors.
A tavern-keeper pays $200 a year rental, for
what? To allow a man to call there and get
a little bread and milk. He can get nothing
to drink there unless the tavern-keeper pays
twenty-five dollars extra. I therefore propose
to strike out this proviso.
Mr. PIKE. The committee have just re-
fused to adopt a very reasonable proposition I
made in regard to small taverns. I hope ihoy
will not adopt the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,1 which E
consider a very unreasonable one. This para-
graph provides that tavern-keepers whose rent
does not exceed $200 per annum shall pay a
license tax of ten dollars. The proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is to allow a
man to take out a tavern license of ten dollars,
and then go into the retail liquor business.
Mr. STEVENS. Only to sell liquor to be
drank on the premises.
Mr. KUYKENDALL.- Retail liquor deal-
ers always sell liquor to be drank on their
premises.
Mr. PIKE. If it was to apply only to those
who did not sell liquor to be drank on the
premises, then we would hare to keep an in-
spector always on the premises to see if the
liquor sold was or was not drank there. The
effect of the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Si'fiVEXs] will be
simply to allow tavern-keepers to retail liquors
to any extent under the license of ten dollars.
I hope the amendment frill not be adopted.
Mr. THAYEll. I was the author of this
proviso in the old law, and therefore I feel
called upon to defend it now. I believe that
no provision in the law has been more popular
than this one. 1 think it is a tax which nine
tenths of every community will approve.
Now, without this provision in the law, any
man who shall take out a small license for an
eating saloon could sell any quantity of liquor
without paying any additional tax at all. And
a man who sells thousands and thousands of
dollars' worth of liquors, as they do in the first-
class hotels of this country, could carry on a
retail liquor trade under this ten-dollar license
—a trade exceeding in its profits the legitimate?
business of entertaining travelers, and not pay
one cent additional to the Government for the
purposes of revenue.
I do not consider it necessary to say much
in defense of such a provision as this. 1 can-
not conceive in what manner a tax can be laid
which will be more universally approved, or
more justly imposed than by this provision.
Mr. PRICE. Let me ask the gentleman
whether he does not think it possible in this'
age of the world to keep a tavern without sell-
ing whiskj'.
Mr. THAYER. I do think it possible ;
and where that is the ease, of coursu no tax is
to be paid for liquor sold.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Chairman, I view
this question very differently from my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] who seems
to think that public houses where liquor is not
sold do not generally keep anything in the
shape of refreshments, except bread and milk,
or something of that sort. According to my
observation, those houses that keep no liquor
keep much the best provisions. Hence, I
think that my respected friend, in tho remark
which he made, was not in earnest, but was
only practicing upon the House an innocent
joke.
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of ter-
minating debate on this paragraph I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. f>13, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 80, 18(54, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when tho
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall resume the consideration of House
