1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
ing into any discussion with my colleague on
the matter of courtesy or discourtesy, as the
gentleman is the best judge of that himself;
but in reply to the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who, I really be-
lieve at heart to be desirous to do justice, but
who seems to have been irritated at me with-
out any comprehension of the cause on my part,
I desire to say he constantly uses language in
this debate, in application to me, which shows
some feeling for which I can but partially ac-
count. He says I have trifled with the Com-
mittee of Elections. It is not true. It is not
true I ever have had any notice to supply _ or
furnish my papers from that, committee which
I have considered official or unofficial. The
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts does
not pretend to say that, he has given mo any
formal written notice from the secretary of that
committee.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts also wants the House to go on with this
subject early, and he stated with much feeling
that the reason why he wants to go on with it
early was that the cholera season shall not
arrive and members be compelled to adjourn.
All this I say shows matter of feeling which I
regret to see on the part of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Elections.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me call the attention
of the House to what the law requires of me as
the sitting member. It will be found in Bright-
ley's Digest, 255;
"The said magistrate [meaning the judge who is
authonzed by law to take evidence in ease uf a con-
tested electionj is hereby authorized and required to
cause to be reduced to writing in his presence, and m
the presence o! the parties or their agents, ii attend-
ing, and to be duly attested by the witnesses respect-
fully; after which he [the said magistrate] shall im-
mediately transmit by mail the said testimony, duly
certilied under his hand and seaied up, to the Clerk
of the House of Representatives for the time being,
together with a copy of the subpena and ot the notice
served upon the party, as provided in the preceding
section."
If anjr error whatsoever, it has been commit-
ted on the part of the magistrate who had the
custody and possession of these pa[prs, and
who transmitted them to the clerk of the Com-
mittee of Elections, as required by law. I could
not force Judge Brady, of New York, nor Judge
Russell, nor ,1 udge Barnard, who took this testi-
mony, to submit it here at an earlier day, and
if they failed in the execution of the law the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] ought to have asked for a process from
this House to serve upon thos'e judges to com-
pel them to submit the testimony here. 1 have
only to say that I have exerted all the power
wliieh I have physically, pecuniarily, and intel-
lectually to produce the earliest transmission
of this testimony to the Clerk of the House, as
required by law. And no man has more deeply
regretted or been more injured by the delay in
the transmission of it than I have myself.
What has been the effect of this delay ? Why,
an ex parte account has gone all over the coun-
try of frauds committed in my district, which
are not founded on one word of truth from be-
ginning to end. Never was there a fairer elec-
tion in any ease in the world. I ran as no Re-
publican candidate; I ran as no Democratic
candidate. I ran without a single inspector of
election, a single register, a single canvasser in
my favor, while the whole body of canvassers,
registers, and inspectors were appointed by the
combined influence of Tammany Hall and of
the Republican party to deprive me of my just
rights and of my just vote before the people of
New York. The very first, the opening part of
the testimony, on the part of the contestant,
discloses my position—that of Mr. Sherwood,
page 30 of the document before the House.
" Quttlion. Who were the candidates?
"Arinrer. There were three candidates, Mr. Wil-
liam E. Dodge, Mr. liarr, and Mr. Biooks.
" UueUinn. Who t were the polities of the candidates ?
"Ansirrr. Mr. Dodge wa; on the Union Republican
ticket, ill. Ban was the Demoeiat.e candidate, and
Mr. lhiuoKS, isuppose,wao—wel], Ido not knowwhat
Mr. Brooks claimed to be. Tt is a pretty hard matter
to lull. lie was a candidate lor election."
Well, that is what I was. a candidate for elec-
tion; and I wai elected. [Laughter.]
39TH Coy-it hrv - -NO M
' Quest ion. ho was considered peculiarly the Dem-
ocratic nominee?
"Answer. Mr. Barr, I understood.
"Question. Had he what is more generally known
as the regular nomination of the Democratic party ?
"Awiiter, He had, sir."
Well, sir, that is my position. Tammany
Hall and the Republican organization, which
creates three registers, three inspectors of elec-
tion. and three canvassers, organized every one
of those registers, canvassers, and inspectors in
opposition to me; and I had not a single friend
on the whole list. And if any frauds were per-
petrated they were perpetrated by the Repub-
lican candidate, Mr. Dodge, and by the Tam-
many candidate, Mr. Barr. There were three
of us running: Mr. Barr as the Tammany Dem-
crat, Mr. Dodge as the Republican candidate,
and I, on my own hook, smashed all the ma-
chines got up in that election.
Now, sir, how could fraud be committed?
What object had I in having it done? Why
should not I wish my testimony to go before the
country at an early period, when I know and
others know that ex parte statements have gone
forth from official persons in this House—I will
not say employed by the contestants, but gai bled
testimony from this ex pai te record—to exhibit
fraud on my part, when I had not a single offi-
cer of election whatsoever to commit a fraud?
No man regrets more than I do that the
magistrate who had this testimony in charge did
not submit it at an earlier period. And, Mr.
Speaker, why was it not submitted at an earlier
period? There are incidents in this election
which will explain that as we approach it and
examine it by and by, if the House ever chooses
to take this testimony and examine it at all; if
it is not shutout in this summary manner, which
seems to bo proposed by some parties in this
House.
Sir, this has been a contest in the city of
Now York between the dollar, the almighty
dollar, and numbers, almighty numbers. Never
was there a harder contest between those pow-
ers. The contestant is a man whose income
is SI,000 a day every day he lives. His re-
corded, registered income is over $1,000 every
dajr that he lives ; and when lie went into the
examination of tills testimony, he was able to
procure the ablest repoiters, the best phono-
graphic writers, without regard to money or ex-
pense whatsoever, while 1, humble in my means,
nothing but the publisher of a newspaper, a
mere printer, and nothing but the printer of a
newspaper, and restricted in my means, was
compelled to employ reporters at a cheaper
rate, not as good phonographic writers; and
the consequence was that Mr. Dodge, with his
means, was at an early period able to present
these documents while it took a much longer
time upon the part of the lawyer employed by
me. and the judge who had the taking of the
testimony, to prepare mine. The consequence
was that not until after the holidays could a
judicial record be made up that the judges would
certify; and when they were satisfied with the
record, as soon as possible, after the 1st of
January, tlicy made up the record of that tes-
timony and transmitted it to the Clerk of the
House.
generals meade and thomas.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Now York to give way while I move that a
recess of ten minutes be taken to allow the
Speaker to present to this House the com-
mander of the army of the Potomac and the
commander of the army of the Cumberland,
General George G. Meade and General George
II. Thomas.
Mr. BROOKS. Nothing v,'ill give me greater
pleasure, and let the record of the fact go out
with my speech to the country.
Mr. G-atm'ikld's motion was agreed to ; and
thereupon the House took a recess for ton
minutes.
[The SPEAKER, having conducted Generals
Meade and Thomas to the Speaker's desk amid
| great applause, said: |
| Gentlemen of the House of Representatives, j
i while time shall last and the Republic shall i
1 endure, none ot us can ever fail to lie grateful I
to the officers and soldiers who periled their
lives for its preservation. True as the truest, and
braveas the bravest, were Major General Meade,
commander of the army of the Potomac, and
Major General Thomas, commander of the army
of the Cumberland, whom I have the pleasure,
under your order, to introduce to you to-day.
[Great applause.]
General Meade said: Gentlemen of the House
of Representatives, impressed as I am with the
solemnity of this occasion, introduced to you in
so complimentary and distinguished a manner
as I have been by the Speaker of your House,
it is almost impossible for me to say in fitting
terms how grateful I am myself, and how grate-
ful is my friend and brother officer, General
Thomas. If we may be permitted to construe
the distinguished honor you have conferred upon
us into a mark of your approval of our course
during the great struggle which, by the blessing
of God, has been so triumphanttyand gloriously
terminated, it will be to us ample reward for all
that we have done in our humble capacity. We
shall ever bear it in grateful remembrance, and
shall ever be most sincerely thankful. [Great
applause, and loud calls for " Thomas. ]
General Thomas said: Gentlemen, it was not
my intention to have said anything, trusting to
General Meade to express our feelings ; but
since you have called upon me to say a few
words, all I will say is that I join with him in
every word he has uttered, and most heartily
and sincerely thank you for this compliment.
[Applause.]
Mr. SPALDING called for three cheers for
the two generals.
In response to this call the members of the
House and the spectators in the galleries joined
in a round of enthusiastic applause.
The two generals then came upon the floor,
and the members of the House were introduced
to them by the Speaker.
At the expiration of the recess the House
resumed business.]
patuxfnt rtver, Maryland.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report from the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, transmitting a
statement of the advantages of the Patuxent
river for the establishment of a navy-yard, in
response to a resolution of the House of Jan-
uary, 17, 1806.
Mr. PlIELPS. I move that the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE AGAIN.
Mr. BROOKS. When I was so agreeably
interrupted a short time since, 1 was explaining
to the House that the month's delay in the mat-
ter of my testimony beyond that of the contest-
ant—for the testimony of the contestant was not
laid before this House until the first week in
December, and mine was presented early in
January—the sole cause of the delay on my part
was because the phonographers that 1 was en-
abled to employ were not able with sufficient
rapidity to furnish the testimony which the
judges were willing to certify until a month later
than the time the testimony of the contestant
was presented. Therefore, my lapse was the
lap.-e of but a single month, or a few days over.
And 1 may add here that the very moment
the testimony came under my control, 1 hurried
with it and put it in the possession of the Clerk
of the House. I made that fact known to all
who wore interested.
Now, I put it to this House, if in a eon; est
of this sort, because of mere clerical inability,
and because of inability to employ at sufficient
high rates phonographers who could do the
work satisfactorily to the judges in order that
they might certify to it. it is fair and just that
mv testimony should be refused publication,
while the contestant by his greater povs er in
those respects is to have all this advantage be-
fore the House and before the country. If so,
then no greater act of injustice whatsoever could
possibly be committed.
