186a
THE CQN&BESSIOHAL GLOBR
tlement' to 1>© *a settled-.place of abode.' There
are other meanings of the word, 4 as to settle ac-
counts,' &o.: but When th'e term refers to settlement
m a parish, in a.country, or in fact a settlement on
land in any manner, it then means a permanent, per-
sonal residence, and nothing less. It had this mean-
ing in its-original form in the Latin'vernacular. It
had the same definition when incorporated into the
English language, and has retained it to this day. It
had this meaning intheeivil law; ithaditinthecom-
mon law, and has it in all statute laws. A man is
settled, wherevcrhc loeates his residence.
"But the special bill of March 3,1863, attaches a
peculiar significance to the requirement of'settle-
ment.' Although strictly speaking, the title is no
part of an act, yet the rule is well established, that
the title, when taken in connection with other facts
may assist in removing ambiguities, where the intent
is not plain.' United States vs. Fisher," 2 Cranch 386.
1 Kent's Comm. 516."
These are the definitions of the law books
applying to this act which uses the word "set-
tlement," and the words "occupancy" and
"preemption," and provides for purchase to
the extent of actual possession.
Now, I submit it as a clear proposition, that
a gentleman claiming lands on this grant and
residing in South America, was not precisely a
"settler" on the Soscol ranch. I takq it that
the six or seven other large claimants on this
ranch already mentioned were not "settlers"
on it, inasmuch as they did not reside on it. I
submit that^a settlement on it through their
tenants or agents was not such-a settlement as
the act, on its face, providing for the preemp-
tion of the land, would be satisfied with, and
that personal occupation of or residence upon
the soil was necessary. On that point, I think
thexe can be no difference of opinion.
I will now refer, Jlr. Speaker, to some of
the general principles which apply to the in-
terpretation of statutes, and will read from
authorities as I have collated them:
44 The most general proposition i« that4 the law does
not favor repeal by implication, and though two acts
are seemingly repugnant, they shall, if possible, have
such construction that the latter may not repeal the
former by implication.' "—Dioaris on Statutes, page
5o0.
# "Subordinate to this, we submit two other propo-
bitiorib: ' If the law admits of two interpretations that
is to- be adopted which is agreeable to the funda-
mental or primary law.' "—Professor Lieber, quoted in
Sedgwick's Treatise, page 288.
Now, among the " fundamental and primary
laws" of the United States respecting the pub-
lie lands may be classed the law of preemp-
tion; a law whose beginning dates back nearly
fifty years, recognizing the policy of encourag-
ing settlers to go on the public domain, estab-
lish their homes, mark their improvements, and
assert their titles, and thus pioireer and people
and civilize, the vacant lands of the nation.
This is the settled policy of the United States,
our American policy, in the light of which this
special act must be interpreted, and not in con-
travention of it.
Attorney General Lpgare says, page 71, vol-
• ume four, Opinions of July 11, 1842, "Statutes
must be construed so as to avoid the divesting
of any rights of third parties.:' Here, as I have
shown, were rights of preemptors, valid, un-
deniably valid, because they date prior to the
time of the decision of the court and the enact-
ment of this act of 1863. Now, those rights
of preemptors cannot be divested by the mere
interpretation of a special act made for the
benefit of special claimants. Any rule allow-
ing this would be manifestly unjust and unrea-
sonable.
Mr. Cushing (volume six, page 700) said:
"We are not bound to suppose that Congress in-
tended Ai violent invasion of a private right and
interest in any portion of the land described, and
lawfully acquired under previous laws, for such act
would be in apparent disregard of the Constitution
of the United States."
I take it to be good law that if Congress in
express terms had enacted that these invested
rights of preemptors should be divested, the law
would have been void under the Constitution.
The law inviting a preemption, when accepted
by the settler, becomes a contract with the
Government, and Congress could not impair
it. It has no power to make such a law, nor
can . the courts, by interpretation, give any
retroactive effect to the act of 1863. I here
cite the following authorities:
"Taylor's Elements of Civil Law; Braeton, 1,4fo.,
mm
228; 6 Brae, Abr.,370; 2 Inst, 292); 2 Jones, 108? i
Byrr. 24, 60.
4 And.under the more stringent limitations upon
legislative powers which prevail in this country, it
is well settled that a retrospective statute, affecting
and changing vested rights, is founded on unconsti-
tutional principles, and consequently inoperative
and void. *
M7 Johnson's Rep., 477; Tennessee Bill of Rights,
art. 23; Ogden^s. Blacklcdge, 2 Cranch, ^2; Society
for Propagating the Gospel vs. New Haven, 8 Whea-
ton, 493; Wilkinson vs. Loland, 2 Peters, 657-658;
Wilkinson vs. Fields, 2 Sandford's Chancery Reports,
534; Osborne vs. IJuger, 1 Bay,179; Bedford vs. Shil-
ling, 4 Serg. and Rawle, 401; Merrill vs. Shurburne,
1 New Hamp. Rep., 199; Ward vs. Barnard, 1
Aiken. 121.
"The doctrine expounded in these authorities
rests upon the principles of natural justice and gen-
eral jurisprudence, which underlie the Constitution
of the United States. It is simply a recognition of
inalienable rights, of which men arc not divested by
the artificial relations of municpal law. In fact the
legislation of every civilizcd nation, and even the
Roman civil law has adopted Bapinian's maxim,
*JYcmo potest mutare consilium in aherius injuriam.'
"Nor is this doctrine without the express sanction
of the Constitution. The Constitution provides that
no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law;' and also that 'no
ex post facto law snail be passed' by Congress. (Uni-
ted States Constitution, art. 1, see. 9; and amend-
ments to Constitution, art. 5.)
4 "And although, in strict construction, the terms
ex post facto laws' apply to criminal rather than civil
matters, yet, in acomprehensive sense, they embrace
all retrospective laws or laws governing or control-
ling past transactions, whether of a civil or criminal
nature. (Satterlee vs. Matthewson, 2 Peters, 410; 4
Wheaton, 578; Ogden vs~ Sanders, 12 Wheaton, 286;
Sedgwick on Statutory and Constitutional Law, 681;
14 Peters's United States Reports, p. 361.)"
Again, the Soscol act of 3d of March, 18G3,
grants a special privilege to certain persons,
and it is a principle of law that privileges or
favors are to be so construed as not to injure
the non-privileged or unfavored. Attorney Gen-
eral Black said with great force and common
sense, when interpreting an act under which a
claim to land was set up, (Opinion of Novem-
ber 22, 1858,) that—
" In every doubtful ease, we know very well what
we ought to do as soon as we ascertain which paity
is entitled to the benefit of the doubt.K * *
"It is well set.led that all public grants of property,
money, orpnvdeges, are to be construed most strictly
against the.grantee,"
I ask the gentlemen from California to apply
that legal principle to this case. Every jot and
tittle of that special act is to be construed most
strongly in favor of the United States, in fa-
vor of the preemptors of the Government, apd
against the peculiar rights specially given in
the act. ''Whatever is not given expressly,''
says the same authority, "or not clearly im-
plied from the words of the grant, is withheld.''
And he goes on to say:
" AVe all know the fact, and are not bound to seem
ignorant of it*, that gifts like this are often caused by
private solicitation and personal influence. The bills,
almost universally are drawnup by their special
friends, and may be made ambiguous on purpose to
disarm their opponents or put suspicion asleep. If
you let the grantees have the advantage of the am-
biguity which they themselves put into their own
laws, many of them will get a meaning which Con-
gress never thought of. Acts which were supposed
to have but little in them when they passed, will
expand to very large dimensions alterward. An
ingenious construction will make that mischievous
which was intended to be harmless."
I have shown the House what " private so-
licitations'' and "personal influences" were
employed in misleading the Committee on
Public Lands. The basest and most uncon-
scionable fabrications were concocted in that
case in order to get the committee to report
the bill desired. Every gentleman on this floor
knows how these things are managed here, and
certainly I need not attempt to enlighten Cali-
fornia gentlemen on the subject.
Mr. BTDWELL. Twouldask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julias?] if there was not this
session before the Committee on Public Lands
a bill proposing the repeal of the act of March
3, 1803. And if that act was procured by fraud
why did not the Committee on Public Lands
report in favor of repealing it?
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, there was a bill
for the repeal of the act of 18tii>*eferred to the
Committee on Public Lands during this session.
Mr. BIDWELL. If the act of 1863 was
passed under fraudulent representations, why
did not the committee report favorably upon
the bill for the repeal of that act?
_Mr. JULIAN!. I will answer the genttemiMi.
with the. greatest pleasure, We did.not report
in. favor of repealing- the law o£ 1S£3 because,
rights had intervened and- vested; ancFwe be-
lieved that the repeal of the law might do more,
harm than good, mdjfcmch as the Laud Office
was at that time deciding in favor of tlie pre-
emptors. But since that date the decision of
the Land Office, on appeal to the Attorney Gen-
eral, has been reversed in the interest of tb.e.
California land speculators, who in some way
procured an opinion to that effect. I may add
that in June, 1864, the House Committee on.
Public Lands did report a bill for the repeal
of the act of 1863, which passed the House
near the close of the session, but was not acted
on in the Senate.
Mr. BIDWELL. Then why does the com-
mittee of which the gentleman, is chairman
attempt to nullify and repeal that law by this,
amendment?
Mr. J UL1AN. • I' will answer that cy^estion,
too. I make no such attempt. What we ask is,
that the law. of 18G3 shall be interpreted in the
light of the intention of the Legislature, and
that the Attorney General, of whose opiniou I
shall presently speak, shall not pervert that law-
from its legitimate purpose by glosses which no.
lawyer will for a moment defend.
Mr. Speaker, the questions of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Bidwell J haye drawn me
aside from the legal considerations to which I'
was referring. I have no time now to pursue
them further. I have referred to some rules
of interpretation forthe purpose of invitingthe
attention of the House to the unwarranted use
that is sought to be made of the act of Congress,
of 1863, in furtherance of the most iniquitous
purposes.
But wo are told, Mr. Speaker, about the-
equities of these claimants. I must say a word
in this connection on that subject: and in ap-
proaching it I want to read an extract froip the
opiniou of the Supreme Court in deciding this
case, showing how riuch equity in the begin-
ning was in the grantee under this Spanish, title.
The court say:
"The evidence of possession and cultivation is
slight. Indeed, considering the magnitude of the
tract granted, it is entitled to very little weight. As
the grants were dated 1843 and 1844, and the coun-
try taken possession of by this Government in 1846,
there could be but two or three years' possession or
occupation under them at the time of our taking pos-
sesion. The evidence that Yallejo occupied and
cultivated the tract previous to the grants, which,
of itself, is slight and unsatisfactory, is still further
weakened by the fact, which is shown, that the ranch
had been occupied by the claimant, as a military
commandant, with soldiers and Government prop-
erty,
"The witnesses, who speak of the possession as
early as 1841, might very readily have confounded
this possession for the uses of the Government with
a possession for Vallejo himself. We can give very
litfle weight to a possession so limited as to duration
and in extent, when offered in support of a grant of
ninety or one hundred thousand acres of land. If
the grant cannot be maintained by its own force a-nd
c Steer, this possession will scarcely uphold it.''
So much for the possession in the early his-
tory of this grant.
Now, sir, in noticing further the pretended
equity of these claims, let me refer to some ad-
ditional facts. Let me first mention that Gen-
eral Frisbie, who holds under General Yallejo,
bought the whole of these ninety thousand acres
at rates varyiug from thirty-three to sixty-six
cents per acre, oil an average, as the records of
the Land Office show—land that was worth, I
suppose, at the least calculation, ten times the
amount. General Frisbie bought it for a com-
parative song, and when he got possession of
it, knowing, as he evidently did, that the title
was invalid, and not being willing to risk it, he
proceeds to make sales of the ranch. These
sales have no explanation except in the fact
that he felt, himself, that the title was invalid or
exceedingly doubtful. I give some facts taken
from the records of the Land Office as samples :
In November, 1855, one Harbin bought two
hundred and ninety acres, for fifty dollars, giv-
ing his note for $.1,103 75 on confirmation of
the title. This was ten days before Frisbe
professed to have bought it.
In December. 1855, John Torney, Peter
