610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
The whole expenses of my election were under
$300, while the contestant in this case, in the
taking of testimony, in the providing of judges
to examine it, and in the reporting of that tes-
timony, with the expense of summoning all the
witnesses, has already cost me Nearly $3,000.
Hence when I say that this is a contest between
money and numbers, I but charge a fact which
is verified by the official testimony in this case
which I hold here in my hands. The testimony
in behalf of the contestant amounts to five hun-
dred and forty-one printedpages, andlpresume
mine, when printed, will amount to nearly quite
as much. The expense of taking this testimony
was so great that if 1 had been aware of the con-
test to which I was to be subjected, the expense
of it to one of my humble means, I would have
entered the portals of this .House upon the ex
parte case, to be examined wholly with refer-
ence to any testimony upon the other side. I
never would have incurred the expenditure of
$3,000 for a seat in the House of represent-
atives.
The attorney in this case on behalf of the
contestant was Mr. W. W. Phelps. This gen-
tleman was examined before the judge, and
his testimony is here recorded in this book on
behalf of Mr. Dodge. I will read from his
testimony:
" Question. "What do you know as to the expense of
the election to Mr. Dodge?
" A iu;nyrr. Of the gross amount of the expenditure
to which lie was put for election purposes X have no
idea, except, that it was very small considering the
Size 0i the district.
" Question. Youhavenoideawhattheamountwas?
" Answer. No, sir: except that I would be pretty
sure that it was not 815,000, and was not $12,000—was
not ^Ki,U0U, I think; 1 do not think it was as much as
$10,000.
" Question. Do you know of any particular sum as
haying been expended yourself?
'^Answer. Nothing:, except an awful printer's bill.
" Quest ion. What was the amount of the printer's
bill?
^ Answer. Fifteen hundred and odd dollars.
" Question. Do you know any other item of expend-
iture?
''Antwer. None, except for hiring the Cooper In-
stitute, whidi we did not use; wc were going to have
Cieneral Wool and others there, but we concluded not
to do it; we had to pay $200 for that.
'^Question. You know of no other item?
" A Not inr;> e amounts, except what I heard
testified by Mr. Cowdm.
''Question. Did you ever have any communication
with anybody in reference to this liarr mutter?
" Answer. Nothing, except that I was on the ex-
ecutive committee, and used to meet down there, and
urged the importance of contributing liberally to Mr.
Barr, who was a good sound Union man, because 1
would rather lie would be elected than Mr. Brooks;
I uiged that, strongly.
"Question. Was that before the payment to Mr.
Barr?
'^lastirr. Yes; I didn't know there had been any
payment to linn; I guess no one but Cannon and
Oowdui knew it, unless 1 was supposed to know when
they said wc would take caroof it.
"Question. In what assemblage was that said?
'yuwtv*-. No assemblage; only when I saw Mr.
Cannon in my otlieo, ho said wo would make a great
mistake if we didn't keep Barr on the track.
"Question. You didn't expect to bo understood as
having done that fiom motives of unmixed phi-
lanthropy ?
_ "A us it1/r. No,sir; inyobjectwastoolcctMr.Dodgo,
if I could, a  being the b',-r Union man. My next
object \vas_ to elect Mr. ilarr in preference to Mr.
J'l'ooiis. It nought Mr, Dodge would make the strong-
est i un until three or four days before tile election—
until it was said t ha f, at I the river districts were going
Brooks, and that we were used up unless we could
help Mr. Barr.
"Question. Do you know if Barr got any money from
a liepublican source?"
1 ask the attention of gentlemen of the House
to this part of the testimony, for they will learn
from it something as to the manner in which
elections are conducted in the city of Mew York.
An ingenious candidate sometimes contrives to
get both the Republican and the Democratic
nomination; but as the Republicans will not
always stand that, and the Democrats will not
always stand it, a bargain is sometimes struck,
and two candidates, one nominally represent-
ing each party, are nominated in order to effect
the election of some other and favorite candi-
date, 1 his was the process in this case:
Ov^fmn. Do you know if Barr got any money
fcvui ■ >. cun.vjMin -ource.'
- '['y ' \ 4-he VMS not
^ ~ xaai. hka forty-live discriuu, io
- - avs yoa never heard o5 his receiving
*< ■ ezospt when wo saw it in such pa-
pers as the Leader, it was a joke to ask Mr. Dodge
where the $25,000 was.
"Question. You do not know definitely of any other
sum ?
"Answer. No; that was all. It was not an expens-
ive election"—
Ten thousand dollars was all that was spent—
"We would have made it far more so if we had only
known as much as we know now."
Hence, when I say that this was a contest
with the "almighty dollar" from beginning
to end, I think I establish it by such facts as
these. The parties interested spent the amount
of money that was necessary in running both
the Republican and the Democratic machine,
and they would have given a great deal more
money to the Democratic machine if they had
known that it was necessary. Now, I ask the
attention of my Republican friends on the other
side of the House to the consideration of this
fact. In their estimation no election was of
more importance than the contest between Mr.
Lincoln and General MeClellan. In their judg-
ment the restoration of the Union, the interests
of human liberty, the abolition of slavery, all
depended upon the election of Mr. Lincoln.
Yet in this case we find the contestant who is
now before this House giving $2,000 to run the
Democratic machine, to be used as well against
Mr. Lincoln as against General MeClellan, and
that contestant now comes before this House
and asks that the papers which I have obtained
in this election shall not be published, and he
expects a party majority of this House to do
me the injustice of refusing to publish those
papers. Mr. Speaker, I know that the Repub-
lican majority will never do it. God never
made men who, under these circumstances,
would bo guilty of such an injustice.
No parly bond, no party obligation, could
induce the Republican majority in this House
to commit so great an injustice against the sit-
ting member. Not even the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] if he should in-
sist upon it as a party question, would be able
to bring about such a result. Hence I know
that, if not one Democratic vote were given in
this House, I could fearlessly throw myself upon
the justice of the Republican majority, feeling
assured that it would order the publication of
my papers in this case, where the contestant
has given $2,000 to Tammany Hall to run the
Democratic machine.
But, sir, this is not all. This delay in the
transmission of the testimony has been obtained
with the consent of the attorney of Mr. Dodge,
as well as by the action of the judges in the
case. I send to the desk, to be read by the
Clerk, a note from the attorney of Mr. Dodge,
W. W. Phelps. His handwriting will not be
denied by the contestant. The note is dated
"Saturday, a. m.;" and that "Saturday, a.
m." was during the holidays, in the latter part
of December or the beginning of January.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Saturday, a. m.
My Dear Sir: Have just received atelegram call-
ing me out of town. Get key from janitor up-stairs,
to take your testimony oft my desk. I assent to any
correction in the rest, not altering the sense, and au-
thorize you to make it, and forward the testimony.
I shall be back Monday, p. m.
Yours, W. W. PHELPS.
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. W. G.
Moore, his Private Secretary, who also in-
formed the House that the President had ap-
proved and signed a joint resolution of the
following title:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 53) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to grant the use of a
portion of a military reserve on St. Clair river,
m the State of Michigan, for railroad purposes.
contested-election case ac ain.
Mr. BROOKS. So, Mr. Speaker, you see
the lawyers were working amicably together in
December last and^ early in January, in the
, i-.:epr.r-j,tion of testimony to be submitted to
\ ih's xT',-ise.
| HO, 0. V.VES. I want a clear understanding
| of Am. I to In
i the latter part of lart December and eaily in
January the lawyers in this case were working
over the testimony which the law required to
be here last March ?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir; there is the record.
Mr. DAWES. Am I to understand that? I
want to know.
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. That is all I want to know. -
Mr. BROOKS. If I, knew what inference
the gentleman derived from that knowledge I
might have nothing more to say.
Mr. DAWES. I only want to say that when
Congress passed the law of 1851 they thought
they had contributed somewhat to the honesty
of an investigation of this character by requir-
ing that the testimony, as soon as it was taken,
should be reduced to writing, and in the pres-
ence of the parties sealed up and sent to the
Clerk, -so there should be no occasion for temp-
tation after the testimony had been taken on
either side. I suppose that was the reason: I
want the Committee of Elections to know they
are to pass on a case made up in the city of
New York during a few months past.
Mr. BROOKS. It was done by common con-
sent of the parties. The testimony to be pub-
lished, for 1 presume it will be by the consent
of the Republican majority of this House, will
show that both the parties have agreed to it.
There is not one point or iota of dispute as to
the testimony. Mr. Dodge's attorney has exJ
amined and assented to the testimony I have
submitted; and my attorneys have examined
and acquiesced and agreed to the testimony
which Mr. Dodge has submitted. It was a mat-
ter of amity and consent between the attorneys;
and there is the record which I read to this
House. The insinuation of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that the parties
have tampered with this testimony, I am sur-
prised, or rather should be surprised, if I could
have been surprised at anything whi'ch has
taken place to-day in the discussion of this
matter, to hear the gentleman make that re-
mark.
Mr. 5g^WES. I do riot want the gentleman
to understand me to make an insinuation of that
kjnd. I am simply desirous of understanding
the whole facts. If the House refers to us such
testimony, taken in that way, I will understand
it to be instructions to us to take that testi-
mony, notwithstanding the requirements of the
statute.
Mr. BROOKS. I deeply regret the gentle-
man should not use with more care words in
discussion, and especially such important discus-
sion as this; and that he should seem to convey
any such imputation against myself or anybody
else of tampering with that testimony. Neither
party raises such a question to any testimony
the parties have submitted.
I beg the pardon of the House, Mr. Speaker,
through you, for having so long entered into a
preliminary examination of this ease. I have
felt it to be my duty, from the extraordinary
course adopted to prevent the publication of
my testimony through no fault of mine what-
ever. I know there is an immense Republican
majority in this House. I know my destiny, is
with the honorable men on that side of the
House. I know they will act as judges and not
as partisans on this question. But whatever
may be my destiny or fate here, I shall submit
to it as a, man of honor, guilty of no fraud and
no injustice, and who has attempted to make an
experiment before the American people, to see
whether in a large Democratic district a mem-
ber of Congress maybe elected on the course he
pursued in this House without any reference to
the Democratic or the Republican party.
I have attempted to establish a precedent;
and if the House puts their veto on that by al-
lowing this contestant, in this side-way process,
to put himself into this House, all will be re-
duced to party mechanism. Men, independent
of party, will cease to have weight and influence
in the country, and every man will become not
only a tool of his party but a tool of mere party
moeksBistn.
I desire to ask for information, what portion
of the delay of causing the printing BOW of the
