3594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Fagan, and J. Lankorshin-bought twenty-six
hundred acres for $19,800, being about seven
dollars per acre. These lands lie in two town-
ships. They claim land in twelve sections,
ana as will be noticed, by the way, could not
be "settlers" on allthewfcd.
In August, 1856, one Sheehy bought fourteen
hundred acres for $2,842, being about two dol-
lars per acre. He claims land in two town-
ships and various sections.
All these lands when sold were worth from
forty to fifty dollars per acre, as I am informed
by intelligent gentlemen from California. The
rents which they bring, as I learn, will make
their value more than stated. These purchas-
ers bought an uncertainty, and knew they were
so buying, and paid a trifling price accordingly.
So much for the equities of these Vallejo
claimants. They bought at a price probably
more than ten fold less than they could have
purchased if the title had been good, and they
knew it* They held it for years and years,
building exterior lines of fences around it,
plowing and cultivating it, and reaping the
fruits of their toil. They had all the benefits
of it without owning an Acre of the land or hav-
ing any legal rights on it. Sir, I think they
ought to be satisfied in not being called to ac-
count for their unlawful use and occupation
of the land for successive years. And yet these
men, purchasing land for a trifle of a man who
had no title, and receiving its unlawful fruits
freely for years, coine to Washington in 1863
with their bastard equity and besiege Congress
by misrepresentation and lies to enact a law
for their benefit; and not content still, they
procure from the Attorney General an opinion
which cheats the preemptors of the United
States for the benefit of these land-jobbing
adventurers.
But it is argued that the right of preemption,
does not apply to this Spanish grant. That it
does apply, I prove by citing—
" The act of March 3,1851, (Sfatut.es-at-Lartre, vol.
9, p. 633,) entitled 'An act to Ascertain and bottle the
private land claims in the State of California,' the
thirteenth section of which reads in part as follows:
' That all lands, the claims to which have been finally
rej ected by the commissioners in manner herein pro-
vided, or which shall be finally decided to be invalid
by the district or Supreme Court' * * * *
"shall be deemed, held, and considered as part of the
public domain of the United States.'
"And again the act of March 3,1853, (Statutes, vol.
10, p. 244,) entitled 'An act to extend preemption
rights to certain lands therein mentioned,' reads in
part as follows: 'That any settler who has settled or
may hereafter settle on lands heretofore reserved on
account of claims under French, Spanish, or other
grants, which have been or shall be hereafter de-
clared by the Supreme Court of the United States to
bo invalid, shall be entitled to all the rights of pre-
emption granted by this act and the act of 4th Sep-
tember, 1841, entitled "An act to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of the public lands and to grant preemption
rights" after the lands shall havo been released from
reservation, in the same manner as if no reservation
existed.'"
Even if Congress, as contended by Mont-
gomery Blair and others, had exempted Span-
ish grants from, the claim of preemption, the
exemption could not' apply to void grants like
the present, which of course is no grant at all.
I marvel that so obvious a consideration never
seems to have occurred to the learned counsel
for the speculators. I respectfully refer them
to the ease of Clements vs. Warner, (24 How-
ard, page 397.) '' The only lands excepted
from the operation of the preemption laws, on
account of occupation, are: 1. Parcels and
lots of land occupied for trade and not agricul-
ture. 2. Lands in the occupation of any In-
dian tribe in California. Latter clause of sec-
tion six, act of Congress, entitled 'An aot to
provide for the survey of the public lands in
California,' &c., passed March3, 1853. (Les-
ter, page 207.) 3. Lands in actual occupation
ot half breeds or mixed bloods. Section two
of act of Congress of May 19, 1858, entitled
'An act concerning lands belonging to said
halt breeds,' &c. (Lester, page 2'.)•">._ Section
ten, act of September 4, 1841. Lester, page
62.")
But it is said the right of preemption cannot
attach to lands inclosed by a third party, whose
title_ rests upon occupancy. This doctrine is
in direct antagonism to every land law of the
United States since the act of Congress of 1807,
which is still in force, entitled "An act to pre-
vent settlements being made on lands ceded to
the United States until authorized by law." I
need not waste time in refuting a proposition
the bare statement of which refutes itself. If
the law were as stated, any man, by inclosing
the Soscol ranch, after the decision of the
Supreme Court, could have excluded every
man claiming the right of preemption or home-
stead in any portions of this immense domain.
The principle would make good law of the
opinion of a California judge, who decided, as
I have heard, that a fence around the entire
State would exclude all pestilent preemptors
from all quarters. Certainly I need not dwell
on this point.
But I come now, passing over many things
I desired to say, to a question on which I hope
we shall have an intelligent vote in this House.
The Land Office has decided every one of
these cases, So far as it has decided at all, in
favor of the rights of the preemptors on this
ranch. Gentlemep from California—I of course
do not speak of members of this House—gen-
tlemen interested largely in lands'in that State
who have been belaboring members here for
some time past with great industry, have pro-
cured an appeal from the Interior Department
to the Attorney General of the United States,
and that officer has given an opinion which I
think one of the most extraordinary legal per-
formances of this generation. I ask the Clerk
to read the passages which I have marked.
They are so interesting that I ask the House
to listen to them.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It is not to be doubted that settlement on public
lands of the United States, no matter how long con-
tinued, confers no right against the Government. It
only give3 the settler under the preemption laws a
right to enter the land occupied and improved when
it is open to sale, and when he has complied with the
conditions as to proof of settlement and improvement
and payment of the consideration prescribed by the
statutes. It is in compliance with those conditions
that alone rests an interest in the land.
" The land continues subject to the absolute dis-
posing power of Congress until the settler has made
the required proofs of settlement and improvement,
and has paid the requisite purchase money. Before
those steps are taken for the designation and asser-
tion of his claim, Congress may at any time intervene,
and either exempt the land from-entry, location, or
appropriation, or dispose of it by grant to other par-
ties. Before proof and payment are made, the only
right which the settler has is an inchoate right of
entry. When proof and payment are duly made,
his right of entry becomes choate and he acquires
(perhaps even before entry) a vested interest in the
land. The question may be a delicate one, whether
Congress can impair a vested rtght of efitry; but
there is no doubt that before the settler has taken
the steps necessary to convert the privilege of pre-
emption into a vested right of entry, by establishing
the fact of his settlement and paying the purchase
money in the manner prescribed by law, Congress
has absolute power to place the land beyond the
operation of the statutes under which the settlement
was made." ****■•!  *
" It is not necessary to determine whether, imme-
diately on the decision of the Supreme Court, or at
any time after, the lands in question, by operation of
any statutes, becamesubjcctto preemption; whether,
in other words, there was any law under which per-
sons not claiming under grants from Vallejo or his
assigns could have acquired by settlement proof
thereof, and payment of purchase money, a right to
enter the lands ot the land office, if such right had
not been defeated by the statute of 1863.
"I assume that the lands embraced by the Vallejo
claim fell, upon the adjudication of the Supreme
Court, under the operation of the general preemption
laws, as other public lands, or were subject to the
operation of special laws of that denomination, ap-
plicable to public lands in California. But under
those laws settlers eoukl acquire, as I have already
stated, no interest, which it was not competent for
Congress to direct, until they had taken all the steps
necessary to perfect their right to make entries of the
lands settled and improved." * * A *
"I have already said that a settler under the pre-
emption laws acquires and can acquire no vested in-
terest in the land he occupies by virtue simply of
settlement; and that no vested interest is obtained
until the settler has taken all the legal steps neces-
sary to perfect an entry in the land office. Before
such steps are taken he hasnothing but a contingent
Personal privilege to become, without competition,
the first purchaser of the property, which he may
never exercise, ojj^vhich he may waive or abandon."
Mr. JULIAN. The Attorney General states
as law that a preemptor under the laws of the
United States has no right until he has com-
pleted his purchase, and no interest which the
United States cannot divest; no vested right.
Now, sir, I have heardit said there is nothing
new under the sun, but_ I must question the
truth of this after reading this opinion. He
makes no issue of fa'ct as to the character of the
preemption claimants as such. He admits this
to be such, and says the fact is not material,
since preemptors may be driven out at any
time before the completion of their purchase.
His opinion is a plea in confession and avoid-
ance, and the sole dispute is narrowed down to
one of law. Affirming that the preemptor has
no rights under the laws of Congress, he rests
the whole case of these Vallejo claimants upon
this position. If that be so it applies to home-
stead claimants in like manner, and every such
claimant and preemptor in the United States,
by this ruling of the Attorney General, strangely
acquiesced in by the Interior Department, is
at the mercy of the Government of the United
States, which may violate its plighted faith at
pleasure. Why, sir, the decisions are uniform,
that the settler under the preemption laws has
a vested inchoate right which no power can
take away so long as he remains on the land
in the execution of the acts which the law
imposes upon him as the conditions of title.
While he performs his part of the contract no
power can disturb him. You cannot divest
him of his right, and if Congress should attempt
to do it it would be a violation of the Consti-
tution-of the United States, as I have already
shown. On this point I cite the following au-
thorities, which 1 would be very glad to have
the Attorney General and Montgomery Blair
examine at their leisure:
"United States vs. Fitzgerald, 15 Peter?, 419; Cun-
ningham Ashley, 14 Howard, 377; Bernard's heirs
V9. Ashley's heirs, 18 Howard, 43; Garland vs. Wynn,
20 Howard, 8; Clements vs. Warner, 24 Howard, 397;
Lindsey ct al. vs. Hawes ct al., 2 Black ; McAfee vs.
Kim, 7 S. and M., Missip. Rep, 780; Finley vs. Wil-
liams, 9 Cranch, 164; Isaacs vs. Steele, 3 Scammon,
97; Bruner vs. Manlove, 3 Scammon, 339; Brown vs.
Griswold, 11 Illinois, 520; Polk's Lessee v$. Wendall,
9 Cranch, 87; McArthurw. Crowder, 4 Wheaton,448.
"Attorney General Mason, 25th April, 1846, ex-
pounding the right under the act of 4th September,
1841, pronounced an opinion whi^h has ever since
been followed by the land department, and said;
"/The settler is entitled to protection against the
claimsor entries of'othcrs. From the moment, there-
fore, that he enters in person on land open to such
claim, with the ' animus manendior rather with the
intention of availing himself of the provisions of tho
act referred to, and does any act in execution of that
intention, he is a settler. He must afterward give
his notice of intention, inhabit, improve, build his
house, and make his proof and payment within tho
time stipulated to perfect his light. But in every
stage he is protected until he fails on his part to com-
ply with the conditions of the law.'
"Where the contest was between preemptors and
arailroad company, claiming under the State of Iowa,
Attorney General Cushing said, (Opinions, volume 8,
page 394:) ' The preemptor acquires inchoate or in-
cipient title by entering on the land, and thero per-
forming certain acts, by means of which the land is
appropriated to his individual use and thus segre-
gated, in fact, from the public domain. If in addi-
tion to these acts done on the land, the preemptor
afterward performs certain acts of notice and proof
in tho local land office, then his previous equitable
right is converted into a legal one.'
" In the case of Lytle et al. vs. The State of Arkan-
sas, (9 How., 333,) the Supreme Court held as follows:
/"The claim of preemption is not that shadowy
right which by some it is considered to be. Until
sanctioned bylaw, it has no existence as a substan-
tive right: but when covered by the law it becomes
a legal right, subject to be defeated only by a failure
to perform the conditions annexed to it. It is founded
in an enlightened public policy, rendered necessary
by the enterprise of our citizens.'
"In the case of the United States???. Fitzgerald, the
Supreme Court held 'that no reservation or appro-
priation of a tract of land can be made after a citizen
has acquired a light to it under a preemption law.'
" The Secretary of the Interior says, December 20,
1851; 'SubscqucnGentries, however, which have been
made by preemption, in virtue of settlements made
prior to the grants, -will be valid, because in those
cases the right of preemption attached from the date
of settlement, and bceame a vested right, which can
be divested only by abandonment or a failure in the
performance of its condition.'—Lester's Land Laws.
p%550.
"In Lytle's case wc declared that the occupant
was wrongfully deprived of his lawful right of entry
under the preemption laws, and the title set up under
theselectionof theGovernorof Arkansas was decreed
to Cloyes, tho claimant, this court holding his claim
to the land to have been a legal right, by virtue of
the occupancy and cultivation, subject to be defeated
only.byafailureto perform tho conditions of making
proper tender of the purchase money."—Bamaud'*
Heirs vs. Ashley's Heirs, ct al.
Mr. Speaker, these citations could readily
be extended, but I deem it unnecessary. The
