1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE.
195
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Northern Pacific Eailroad—Mr. Woodbridge.
Ho. of Reps.
Northern Pacific Railroad.
REMARKS OP HON.F. E.WOODBRIDGE,
of vermont,
Ik the House of Representatives,
April 25, 1866.
The House having under consideration the bill
to secure the speedy construction of the Northern
Pacific railroad and telegraph line, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes—
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said:
Mr. Speaker: Before entering upon the dis-
cussion of the subject, I will answer the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labarger.]
The charter for the Northern Pacific rail-
road was granted in 1864.
An organization was made in accordance
with the terms of the grant, a board of direct-
ors was elected, and a great effort made to
obtain subscriptions for the stock.
The charter provided that fifty miles of the
roaa should be completed within three years.
Two years have elapsed and substantially noth-
ing has been accomplished. The project of
uniting the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by
means of a railroad through the British posses-
sions attracted the attention of English states-
men and capitalists years ago, and it was said
that the trade of England in the Pacific ocean
with China and with India must ultimately be
carried through her North American posses-
sions, that her political and commercial su-
premacy would depart from her if she neglected
that great and important consideration, and
failed to carry out to its fullest, extentthephys-
ical advantages which the country offered and
which she had only to stretch out her hands
to take advantage of.
In 1858 a party of royal engineers surveyed
a route to Puget sound lying wholly within the
British possessions, and found, after leaving
the base of the mountains, the snow insurmount-
able.
In 1805 a book was published in England by
Thomas Rawlings giving the result of his ob-
servations, in which he strongly urges the neces-
sity of a road from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
in extension of the great line now traversing
the upper and lower Provinces of Canada. The
book excited great attention, and reawakened
the English people to the importance of the
enterprise.
The managers of the Northern Pacific rail-
road, not having been able to secure subscrip-
tions to the stock of the company, and hence
not being able to comply with the conditions
of the charter—having expended over one hun-
dred thousand dollars in explorations, &c.—
were unable to command capital enough to pro-
ceed with so large an enterprise.
The managers of the Grand Trunk road had
made them a favorable proposition, which, if
accepted, would place the franchise in the hands
of English capitalists and secure to foreigners
the monopoly of the carrying trade between
China and Europe across our continent, and
for a large portion of the distance through for-
eign territory.
Pending these negotiations the attention of
gentlemen of New England was called to the
fact that there was danger of this valuable
franchise passing into the control of a power-
ful foreign corporation, and with the acumen
and patriotism which is the inheritance of Yan-
kees they saw the national importance of pre-
venting such a result. The subject was brought
to the notice of capitalists in Boston and other
cities, and upon examination of the affairs of
the company they agreed to embark in it, pro-
vided persons of experience in railroad busi-
ness could be placed in charge of it. This
was assented to by the original board of direct-
ors, and the gentlemen composing the pres-
ent board were appointed and assumed all the
legal liabilities of the company. They did not
pay one dollar bonus, nor have the old board
received one cent as a speculation.
They have performed every part of the con-
tract which has matured, and will honestly
perforrn it in accordance with its very letter.
Such is my answer to the inquiry of my friend
from Ohio [Mr.^ Shellabarger] as to how the
gentleman pow interested came into control of
the_ franchise, and under what contract, and
their compliance therewith.
Now, sir, I will attempt to answer some of
the inquiries of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Westworth.] I listened to his speech
with both interest and astonishment. It is
an easy thing, sir, to cry '1 There is a lion in the
street" and scare women and children. It is
easier by declamation to excite the prejudices,
passions, and fears of men than it is by argu-
ment to convince their reason.
The gentleman, withTiis peculiar earnestness
and force, exclaims, " Who are these men?"
"Let me see them." " Show me their organ-
ization and by-laws." "Don't let my constit-
uents be robbed." " Don't get me in a false
position."
Why, sir, one would think, from the gentle-
man's apparent earnestness and indignation,
that he really supposed there was bribery and
corruption in this measure. I will give the
gentleman the names of the present directors
of the corporation.
First, its president is John Gregory Smith,
of Vermont, a former Governor of my State,
jvith whom I have been quite intimately ac-
quainted for many years and who I am willing
to indorse. He is not a plunderer or thief, but
a sterling business man, and one of the suc-
cessful railroad managers of New England.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman
lay it on the table officially so that I may know
it officially?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I have no objection
to giving the names, and I will indorse the
names which I give.
Mr. WENTWORTH. What knowledge have
we that they are the men?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. We have the knowl-
edge which arises from the faith which one
man puts in another. Such is all the knowl-
edge I desire. I do not believe that gentlemen
from my own State tell me what they know to
be false; and when Mr. Smith or Mr. Stearns
give me the names of their associates I believe
them. I cannot put them on their oath, nor
would I if I could, for their word is as good as
their oath.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Have they made any
official communication to this Congress?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I presume not. I
am not aware that any railroad company
asking aid from Congress makes the prayer
officially.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Are the names in
the bill ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. There are no names
in this bill. None are required. The bill is
based on that of 1864.
Mr. WENTWORTH. That had another set
of names.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The gentleman ought
to have read the bill. There are no names in it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. None in the last? In
the first there was the name of General Grant,
and the name of General Fremont also.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The next director
is Mr. Stearns, of New Hampshire, a railroad
manager, known to all the delegation from his
State, and they will indorse him as an honor-
able and successful business man.
Next on the list is George Stark, president
of the Lowell railroad, one of the many roads
which traverse the glorious old Bay State, and
add to her material prosperity.
Next is Hon. Mr. Rice, of Maine, pres-
ident of one of the railroads in that State,
and a former judge of her supreme court.
Next is B. P. Cheney, well known as one of
the partners of Wells & Fargo's Express Com-
pany, one of the most successful companies in
the United States.
Next come Mr. Edward S. Tobey, ex-presi-
dent of the Board of Trade, and Mr. James C.
Converse, and Mr. George Richardson, of Bos-
ton, eminent and honorable merchants, and if
the gentleman from Illinois desires it, my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] will indorse
them all. Such, sir, are the men asking for
the passage of this bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Where is the char-
ter? Let us see it.
Mr. W OODBRIDGE. I have not the char-
ter, my dear sir.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Who has it?
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the question of the char-
ter is not before the House for consideration,
and also that these gentlemen must address
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Vermont
and the gentleman from Illinois have a right
to discuss this question.
Mr. CHANLER. But I submit that they
must certainly address the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order; but reference to the charter is
clearly in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the Chair
to decide yesterday that '' brethren of the
same family must dwell together in unity."
Is not that the rule to-day?
The SPEAKER. That point has not been
raised to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make that point now.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to know how it could possibly be enforced
on the other side of the House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin makes that point, the Ghaircan only
decide, as lie did yesterday, that it is a very
good rule. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will only say that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wextworth]
and myself will dwell together in unity, as 1
presume we all shall upon this side of the
House.
Mr. Speaker, this is a mere business ques-
tion ; a question-of facts and figures. I am
quite sure that the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] chairman of the committee, and one
of the sternest sentinels over the Treasury,
would never have favored the bill-and sustained'
his report with the vigor which he has exhib-
ited unless the subject had undergone his
closest scrutiny.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The gentleman speaks
of the : 1 report'' from the gentlemen from Iowa.
I would like very much to see that report, if the
gentleman or anybody else can produce it.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. There is no written
report, and of that the gentleman has already
been several times informed.
Mr. Speaker, sooner or later this great work
must be accomplished. The natural growth
of our country and the immense emigration
which is now and will continue to pour upon
us demand it: and in my opinion it will not
be done by our citizens and for the interest
of our country without the aid of Govern-
ment, and I hope to be able to show in the
course of my remarks that the passage of the
bill will neither deplete our Treasury nor injure
our credit at home or abroad.
The question is, shall we pass the bill now
or delay it to some future day? Delay is fatal
to the grant; for unless fifty miles of the road
is completed within one year the charter is for-
feited. I know it is said that the charter is not.
worth protecting: that it is a mere specula-,
tion; that the line is so far north, that it is not,
practicable; that the snow would interrupt the'-;
operation of the road for four or five months.]
in the year, if it were built. The fact is that)
until you reach the Rocky mountains the tem-;
perature is about that of Philadelphia, as shown
by the isothermal line ; and that at the high-
