1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3595
S1
d
opinion of the Attorney General is not law; and
in making this declaration I throw down the
love to all comers, from Montgomery Blair
town or up, as the case may be, Jhrough the
entire list of pensioned employes of specula-
tors in the work of overturning the land policy
of the United States and defrauding preempt-
ors of their rights. ' I am sorry the Attorney
General allowed his name to be signed to such
a document, and I regret still more that the
Secretary of the Interior so far forgot the great
interests at stake as to accept that opinion as
the guide of his Department against what must
have been his own decided judgment. If car-
ried out, no preemptor or homestead claimant
is safe. It mocks justice, sets Qommon sense
at defiance, and insults judicial decency; and
the men who procured it in behalf of. specula-
tors were engaged in a very unworthy and un-
manly service. I trust their labors will fail.
In Lytle et al. vs. The State of Arkansas, (9
Howard's Reports,) the court say, "the ad-
venturous pioneer who is found in advance of
our settlements, encounters many hardships,
and not unfrequently dangers from savage in-
cursions. He is generally poor, and it is fit that
his enterprise should be rewarded by the privi-
lege of purchasing the favorite spot selected
by him, not to exceed one hundred and sixty
acres. That this is the national policy is shown
by the course of legislation for many years."
It is in behalf of the great army of men of
this class now hovering over the public domain
and hereafter to find their homes upon it that
I speak; and the attempt to wrong them by a
pretended legal opinion, which is clearly against
law, and industriously used on this floor and in
the lobby to defeat a just and necessary amend-
ment to the bill now pending, is about as des-
picable an enterprise as the public has .been
invited to consider in our latter-day legislative
experience.
Mr. McRUER obtained the floor.
The morning hour having expired, the further
consideration of the bill was. postponed until
the next morning hour for general business.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills^reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 127) granting aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the town of Folsom to the town of Placerville,
in the State of California.
general burnha5i.
Mr. PERHAM asked and obtained' leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of the application of General Burn-
ham for a pension, copies of the same being left.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Smith,
one of its Clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment,
the bill of the House (No. 641),forthe relief of
Charles M. Stout, late second lieutenant of
company E, seventh regiment Pennsylvania
Reserve corps.
refunding of taxes.
Mr. BLOW, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the refunding of cer-
tain taxes; which was .read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
official history of the rebellion.
On motion ofMr. SCHENCK, by unanimous
consent, Senate joint resolution No. 86, to pro-
vide for the publication of the official history
of the rebellion, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
charles m. blake.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania,
by unanimous consent, Senate joint resolution
No. 117, for the relief of Charles M. Blake, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
evening session.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
for an evening session this evening at half past
seven o'clock.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. It can be ordered by a
majority.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, thatan even-
ing session be held this evening for the exclu-
sive consideration of the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to—ayes seventy-
three, noes not counted.
tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Unionj (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being, the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
The paragraph under consideration was on
page 28, as follows :
On all plain and mold and press glass, not cut, en-
graved, or painted, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Myers to strike out the paragraph and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
On all glass vials, jars, bottles, demijohns, carboys,
andothervessels, except thosemadeof flint-glass, and
otherwise provided for, aduty of four cents perpound,
filled or unfilled.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. MORRILL. I move pro forma to strike
out "fifty" in the original clause and insert
"forty-five." In order to refresh the minds
of members of the committee as to the merits
of this matter, I shall have to restate some
facts which I stated just before the adjournment
on Tuesday. These articles in the present tariff
are subject to a duty of thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem. .They are the cheapest and plainest
articles of glass manufacture—plain, mold, and
pressed glass. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Myers] proposes a duty of four
cents per pound, which would be a higher duty
than that levied on cut glass or ornamented
Bohemian glass. If we are to have this ex-
traordinary rate upon these plain articles, it
would be manifestly proper that we should raise
the duty on other articles upon which a vastly
greater amount of labor is expended and a much
higher rate than exists in the present bill. I
think it will be conceded by fair minds in the
House, in view of the fact that we have reduced
the amount of the internal revenue tax on these
articles from six to five per cent., that an in-
crease of fifteen per cent, ad valorem—that is
to say, from thirty-five to fifty per cent.—which
we have made in the Committee of Ways and
Means, when there was no special reason, but
on account, of the exhibition of the depressed
condition of the trade made before the com-
mittee, is enough. It is even a very large
increase. I trust the amendment- will be voted
Mr. MYERS. As the chairman has refreshed
the memory of members of the House in re-
gard to (his question, I will say a word or two
in reply. It is a pity that upon reflection he
has been able to find'no better argument than
he has now given. It seemshehas taken little
notice of the figures which I gave to the com-
mittee when they were last in session. _IIe has
just now stated "that there was no special rea-
son fortius increase. Itbecc#nesproper, then,
that I should repeat the reason for the increase
of duty. But first let me state what I had for-
gotten" to mention the other day, and what
grobably is known to every member of this
touse, that this manufacture is almost exclu-
sively done by hand iabor, so that the money
made in it goes mainly to the American opera-
tives. There is scarcely any labor-saving ma-
chinery employed, and we have to compete not
only with the English labor, but chiefly with
the Belgian, the cheapest in the world.
But the reasons which I stated the other day
were these: there is not as much protection
now proposed by this bill to this manufacture
as was given under what was called the free-
trade tariff of 1846. Under that tariff, when
the-duty on glass was thirty per cent., soda-
ash, which enters largely into this manufacture,
paid a duty of ten per cent, ad valorem, which
amounted to only two mills per pound; and
German clay, another ingredient, paid a duty
of fifty cents per ton. Underthe act of 1861,
since which this manufacture has languished,
the duty on soda-ash has been increased to one
half a cent per pound, or one .hundred and
fifty per cent., and German clay to three dol-
lars per ton, an increase of more than five hun-
dred per cent.; and I believe now it is proposed
to make it seven dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman is mistaken
in regard to the tariff of 1861; under that tariff
soda-ash was free; the half cent per pound duty
was put on in the tariff of 1864.
Mr. MYERS. I believe it was the tariffof
1864. Now, sir, I have stated to the commit-
tee the reasons why we ought to make this in-
crease. Thoee reasons are, in the first place,
that the articles entering into the manufacture
of glassware have had to pay an increased duty
of from one hundred and fifty to five hundred
per cent., and that besides all this the man-
ufacturers have had to ffey six per cent, on
their sales and double the former rate for labor.
Another reason is that I, for one, am in favor
of a specific duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question being put on the amendment
offered by Mr. Myers,
Mr. MYERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Mr. Myers, and Mr. Hooper of
Massachusetts.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 43, noes 50.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move the following amend-
ment :
Strike out the twentieth and twenty-first lines and
insert in lieu thereof the words, " on all glaSs vials,
jars, bottles, demijohns, carboys, and other .vessels,
except those made of flint-glass, and otherwise pro-
vided for, a duty of three and a half cents per pound,
filled or unfilled."
I do not desire to occupy the attention of
the committee upon this subject, save to say
that I have reduced the duty I proposed in
my former amendment one half a cent per
pound.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman were to
reduce it a cent and a half more I should be
opposed to it. because it is too much at this
late period of the session to ask Congress to
go into the subject of levying a specific duty,
with any degree of fairness or appropriate-
ness, on the subject of glass. I know some-
thing about it, for in years past I have under-
taken to do it- I know it is impossible to
levy any specific duty with any degree of
fairness without investigating the subject for
weeks and weeks. And now for the gentleman
to come in here and propose a rate of duty upon
the most inferior, the black and the green
glass, which would be ample upon almost any
i oualitv of glass, I consider trespassing upon
the good nature of the House. I hope the
amendment will be voted down.
Mr. MYERS. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the last word of my amendment, simply
for the purpose of saying that the gentleman's
bill furnishes the best reply to his argument,
for in numerous parts of that bill he has pro-
posed specific duties.
Mr. MOORHE AD. I always prefer specific
duties to ad valorem duties, and I think th©
