1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2635
Mr. YATES presented the petition of Mrs.
Nancy A. Stokes, of Williams county, Illinois,
praying for a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying
the enactment of a law authorizing the Cleve-
land and Mahoning ltailroad Company to ex-
tend its route from the west line of the State
of Pennsylvania to the city of Pittsburg; which
waa referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Harriet B. Crocker, of Bath, Maine, pray-
ing for a pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 326) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Harriet B. Crocker. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Katharine P.
Winslow, praying for a pension, submitted are-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 237) grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Katharine P. 'Winslow.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Abigail Ryan,
praying for a pension, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 328) for the relief
of Mrs. Abigail Ryan. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whon^as referred a bill (11.11.
No. 301) to create the office of surveyor gen-
eral in Idaho Territory, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 85)
explanatory of and in addition to the act of
May 5, 1804, entitled " An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in Wisconsin," reportedit withoutamendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, asking the assent of Congress to the
route of the larid-grant railroad from Portage
to Bayfield, and thence to Superior; a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of
a change" of the route of the land-grant road
from Portage to Superior; and also a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Wisconsin relating to
the construction of the Portage and Superior
railroad, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 285) granting lands
to the State of Kansas to aid in the construc-
tion of the Kansas and Neosho Valley rail-
road and its extension to Red river, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted a bill (S. No. 224) to aid in
the construction of a southern branch of the
Union Pacific railway and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 309) to authorize Samuel Stevens, a Stock-
bridge Indian, to enter and purchase a certain
tract of land in the Stockbridge reservation,
Wisconsin, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 434)
for the relief of Isabella Strubing, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Margaret
ICaetzel, praying for a pension, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 329) for
the relief of Mrs. Margaret Kaetzel. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred a bill (II. R. No.
178) amendatory of the organic act of Wash-
ington Territory, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. R. No. 202) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana,"
approved May 20, 1864, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
waireferred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 32)
to facilitate communication with certain Terri-
tories, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 555) for the relief of Charles Brewer & Co.,
reported it without amendment.
* Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
James B. Johnson, praying for compensation
for property destroyed on the 14th of March,
1864, by a band of guerrillas under the com-
mand of one Anderson, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition of
judges of the United States courts and citizens
of the District of Columbia, praying that pro-
vision may be made for the payment of counsel
fees for defending persons who arc not able to
employ counsel, reported that no legislation is
needed on the subject, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
320) to amend an act entitled "An act for a
grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads and telegraphs in said State,"
approved March 3, 1863, reported it without
amendment.
llltlDGE ON LAKH CHAMPLAIN.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
316) to establish a post route from West Alburg,
Vermont, to Champlain, in tho State of New
York, and for other purposes, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment and
recommend its passage, and I am also author-
ized to ask for the present consideration of the
biH.
Byunanimous consent tho bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
declare the railroad bridge across Lake Cham-
plain at Rouse's Point, connecting the Ogdens-
burg and Lake Champlain railroad, in the State
of New York, with tho Vermont and Canada
railroad, in the State of Vermont, to be a lawful
structure and apostalroute. It further author-
izes the Ogdensbnrg and Lake Champlain Rail-
road Company, their successors or assigns, and
the Vermont and Canada Railroad Company,
their successors or assigns, io keep up, main-
tain, and use tho bridge for the transportation
of tho mails, and for the benefit of the general
commerce between those two States, and the
transportation of persons and property; and
also authorizes them, in place of tho float now
in use forming part of the bridge, to construct
and maintain two suitable draws, one at least
sixty and one at least ninety feet in width,
which shall be opened whenever required for
the passage of vessels, except during and for
fifteen minutes prior to the passage of mail
trains.
The amendment reported by tho Committee
on Commerce was to add to the bill the follow-
ing clause:
And which draws shall he so constructed and man-
aged as at all times to afford reasonable and proper
facilities for the passage of vessels: Provided, This
act shall ho subject to amendment or repeal at the
pleasure of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ I ask the Senator
from Minnesota if the bill is now in the shape
in which the bill was that was passed the other
day for constructing a bridge at Quincy.
Mr. EfARRIS. This is a bill in relation to
a bridge on Lake Champlain.
Mr. HENDERSON. Ibegpardon; 1 thought
it was for the Mississippi river.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
NITltO-GLYCBRINE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 310) to regulate the transporta-
tion of nitro-glycerine or glynoin oil, to report
it back with amendments, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass; and, on account of its
importance to passengers traveling to the Pa-
cific coast, I am instructed to ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; let us have it printed.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no necessity for
printing it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill will lie over under the
rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather that it
should lie over. I want the unfinished business
of yesterday to come up.
Mr. CONNESS. Not in the morning hour,
I hope.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I refer to the unfinished
business of tho morning hour. It was a res-
olution offered in the morning hour, and is the
business of the morning hour. I do not wish
to interfere with the presentation of memorials "
and reports; but I understand that the resolu-
tion to which I refer is tho unfinished business
of tho morning hour. It was being discussed
when the morning hour expired yesterday.
Mr. CONNESS. T do not wish to persist in
asking for tho immediate consideration of the
bill; but it appears to me that it is one of such
transcendent importance that it ought to be
passed at once.
Mr. CRIMES. It ought to be printed first.
Mr. CONNESS. There is nothing in it that
the whole Senate cannot understand on hear-
ing it read. It will excite no debate, I appre-
hend, and can be finished in five or ten min-
utes. It will be remembered that the memorial
presented to this body, calling for the passage
of such a bill as this, asked for its passage
under a suspension of the rules. The Treas-
ury Department preferred that the preparation
of this bill should bo made by the Solicitor of
that Department; and we have waited for
nearly three weeks forit. This article lias been
transported on our passenger vessels. Only
recently twenty-five pounds of it were carried
out on a Pacific steamer, in the state-room of
a passenger, enough to blow that ship to atoms,
with its thousand lives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object to it
if it will not occasion any.debate.
Mr. CONNESS. It will not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ob-
jection being withdrawn, the bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and will
be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
hereafter it shall not be lawful to transport,
carry, or convey tho substance or article known
or designated as nilro-glycerine or glynoin oil,
upon or in any ship, steamship, steamboat, ves-
sel, car, wagon, or other vehiclo used or em-
ployed in transporting passengers by land or
water, between a place or places in any foreign
country, and a place or places within the limits
of any State, Territory, or district of the Uni-
ted States, or between a place in one State,
Territory, or district of the United States and a
place in any other State, Territory, or district
thereof; and any person, company, or corpo-
ration who shall knowingly violate these pro-
visions is to be liable to a "fine of not less than
$5,000 at the discretion of the court, to be re-
covered by an action of debt, one half to the
use of the informer.
In case the death of any person shall be
caused, directly or indirectly, by the explosion
of a quantity of this substance or article while
it is being placed upon or in any ship, steam-
