1676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
separated; neither House objected; of coprsc
they both assented, and the election is valid.
It is a familiar rule, applicable to all elec-
tions by political bodies, that the public dec-
laration of the result of an election by the body
itself or its presiding officer, with the acquies-
cence of every individual member, is conclusive.
It is also as well established that every indi-
vidual member present at such public declara-
tion of the result of the election, and at that
time passing it sub silentio, acquiesces.
Multitudes of questions are determined in a
legislative body without actual vote, merely by
the declaration of the presiding officer, no
member dissenting.
Cushing's Manual says, section 1792:
"In order that any proposition may bccomethcact
or will of the House it is necessary that it should. re-
ceive the assent of a majority of the members, which
may be manifested in two ways, namely, cither by no
one objecting to the proposition, in which ease the
sense of the House is ascertained by their common
consent, the thin? beinff sufficiently declared when no
man contradicts it; or by a majority of the members
declaring themselves in its fVivor.
"' Come/inn* toll it cwnim,' is a maxim of tho com-
mon law, and the dictate of common spnse, and itmay
be implied as well as expressed."
Broom's Maxims, page 103, says:
"Where, at the trial of the causc, a proposal was
made by the judge, in the presence of the counsel oil
both sides, who made no objection, that the jury should
assess damagcscontingently,withleave to the plaint-
iff to move to enter a verdict tor the amount found
by the jury, it was held that both parties were bound
by the proposal and that tho plaintiff's counsel was
not therefore at liberty to move fora new trial on the
ground of misdirection, for qvitncctconientire vidctur,
the «iienei* of counsel implied then their consent to
the course adopted by the judge."
In the Queen vs. Green, 2 Q. B., C. J. Den-
man said:
"Iain of opinion that the objection here taken is
jrood. It is not necessary to scan particular cases.
The principle is, he thatconcurred in inducing a parly
to exercise an office cannot be heard in this court on
an application in this court to turn him out of that
office."
Lord Ivcnyon said, in Rex vs. Clarke, 1
East., -JO:
■ "The court will not listen to a corporator who has
acquiesced or peiheps concurred in the very act which
he afkTWard comcs to complain of when it suits his
purpose.''
Tn Cameron's case, Thirty-Fourth Congress,
third session, it was alleged by the protectants
that the Senate did not appoint a teller and
perform other duties at the tunc prescribed by
the statute. The report of the Committee on
Ihe^fudk-iary, submitted by Mr. Benjamin, con-
tains the following language:
"Hut where, as in the present ease, both Houses
proceeded without objection from ;my .viuce to per-
form tlu'i^con'djfuf jonnl duly of eleeiinq: a Senator,
the neees-ily of < ompJj int? with any part ten In r (<>rm^
rcquiied by law may fairly he considered as waived
by common consent, and it is entirely too late, after
the result of the voting has been ascertained, to raise
a (jueslion as to the modeoCprocecding."
Mr. Bayard said in Harlan's case :
"I can well understand that where aciuorum votes,
the ivqmcseence of tho two bodies, nfter the election
js made and afior Ihe severance ot tho joint meeting
preel ndesiiKiuhy into tho question of legality, because
there is neco^anly absent, in the .same manner that
•we absent to votes taken here without a quorum, when
no yeas and nays are called and no decision had. That
piineiple is familiar in a \ ariety of other ca«es. Ae-
quiesccncobmds political bodies, and all other bodies.
Where the contrary docs not appear they are sup-
posed to be present«and to assent, not as a presump-
tion of fact, but as a presumption of law; and apre-
sumptiou of law is not controvertible by evidence.
That is the meaning of who.t I $jay. If when the vote
has been taken a majority of both bodies being pres-
ent, by a quoinm, a person is declared elcctcd. and
no objection is made by the action of either House
singly, and they separate, of necessity it is a presump-
tion of law that the election was valid, and neither
IIouvc can afterward look into it,.''
Mr. Bayard said, iu the same debate:
"I can understand perfectly well, under tho prin-
ciple of pas-ni? a measuie nab silentio, that we have
no right to inquire into thequection how members of
theLcgishtture. whether oi the Senate or House, voted
in regard to the election of a Senator of the United
States if the certifioal e comes here authenticated ac-
cording to the laws of the State. Where the two bodies
meet ami give a joint vote, under a law which author-
izes the cxpres&ed will of a majority of the whole to
fovern, and then the Houses separate and neither
louse objects to the election, of course tliey both as-
sent and the election is valid."
Mr. Gushing says in his treatise on the Law
and Practice of Legislative Assemblies:
"The rule of decision in all councils and deliber-
ative assemblies, whose members are equal m point
of right. is, that the will of the greater number pres-
ent and voting—the assembly being duly constituted
—is the will of the whole body. Hence, whatever is
regularly agreed upon by a majority of tho members
of a legislative assembly is a thing'done and past
by that body."
The principle as universally admitted is again
emphatically pronounced by the same high au-
thority in part first, chapter four, section three,
under the title " Of the principle upon which
the result of an election is determined:"
"In all collective bodies of men, assembled and
acting together for the purpose of deliberating and
deciding- upon any subject, or for the purpose of
electing to any office, it is an admitted principle that
whatever isdone or agreed to by tho greater number
shall stand as the aet or will of tho whole. This prin-
ciple assumes, asits basis,the absolute and perfect
equality ot all the individuals, one with another,
who enjoy the right of suffrage, in the possession of
the elements essential to the determination of any
aet to be done, or to the formation of any judgment
to be pronounced, or to effecting any election to be
made as the aet, judgment, or choice of tho whole."
Again, part six, chapter two, section 1792,
says:
"In order that any proposition may bceome the
act, or express tho sense, judgment, opinion, or will
of the House, it is necessary that it should receive
the assent of a majority of the members, or of such
other number as may be agreed upon, or otherwise
fixed beforehand; which may bo manifested in two
ways, namely, cither by no one's objecting to the
proposition, iu which case tho sense of thc_House
ascertained by their common consent, the thing being
sufficiently declared when no man contradicts it, or
by a majority or the requisite number of the mem-
bers declaring themselves in its favor, in which ease
the sense of the House is ascertained by a question
put and determined."
The act of the Legislature left the elec-
tion to the expressed will of a majority of the
joint meeting. That majority agreed that the
"choice" of the Legislature should be indi-
cated by the plurality rule. This was the will
of the majority; their choice. It was the act,
judgment, and choice of the whole. It is the
"Legislature" that elects; not the members
thereof. They act under the rules that they
may adopt, and the principles of parliamentary
law as established by authority and usage. The
question is not what any individual member pre-
fers nor how he manifests his preference. It
is, what is the choice of '' the Legislature" as
legally manifested? As a pr'nate corporation
acts under the common seal of the body, prop-
erly authenticated, the Legislature of New Jer-
sey provides how tho result of their choice
shall be manifested to the United States Sen-
ate and to the world, by a commission under
the great seal of the Stale.
When Mr. Stockton was declared elected in
tho joint meeting, according to the manner of
choice agreed upon by the whole, it was notice
that in (he view of the presiding officer he was
tho choice of the Legislature, and that so would
the Legislature speak by its only voice, tho sig-
nature of the Governor and the great seal of
the State.
Tho declaration was assented to sub silentio.
Tho Governor was authorized by the Legis-
lature, under the great seal of the Stale, to
commission Mr. Stockton as Senator, for so
they said all. If this election was not the will
of the majority, why was the declaration that
Mr. Stockton was duly elected permitted to
pass in silence? If they desired to avoid the
result of the plurality vote which they had pre-
viously agreed to, whether it was in tlieir power
to do so or not, they would have manifested
it, if only to prevent the conclusion of unani-
mous consent.
« Having the return, he is entitled to take his
seat upon his credentials, beyond question.
It is equally true that the fact that there was
some error or mistake in giving the creden-
tials, by which they did not properly express
the choice of the Legislature, may" be subse-
quently examined when properly brought be-
! tore the United States Senate. But in order
| to raise even this question, it is manifest that
| the charge must be that the credentials do not
; properly express the will of the Legislature at
1 the time of the election, while they were in
I session, before they separated, while the mat-
j tor was pending. This is the foundation of the
i attack; no charge without it can authorize
an examination. Admit that the Legislature
agreed by a vote of a majority of the whole to
select in this manner, to express their choiee
in this way; that when the result was reached
they heard it announced and declared, aproved
it by unanimous consent, silently, confirmed
the result of the majority rule by tho action
of the whole, made it the. duty of the Governor
to commission the candidate declared to be
elected under the great seal of the State, and
you are estopped from attempting to prove
that the election was invalid.
Individual members may change, their mind
after the joint meeting, and the Legislature had
adjourned, and ceased to exist, but this can-
not alter what was done by the Senate and
Assembly when assembled in joint meeting.
The protest of individual .members after the
adjournment of the Legislature, affected in no
manner the action of the Legislature in its offi-
cial capacity. The majority of the Legislature
authorized the application of the plurality rule.
Subsequent to its application, they confirmed
and ratified their previous action by their silence
when Mr. Stockton was declared duly clccted.
Their official power to question their action has
expired. Their subsequent pi otest as individ-
uals could in no manner affect their official
■ action as representatives, though they might,
in common with any other individual, contest
the validity of such legislative action.
The Senate is the "judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications ofits own members,"
but in reTercncc to the manner of tho election,"
they are confined to the question, whether or
not it was done as prescribed by the Legisla-
ture of the State. If both Houses have assented,
there is nothing npon which the Senate of the
United States can pass judgment.
In conclusion, Sir. President, from the fore-
going examination I think I have proved the
following propositions:
1. Senators of the United States are to be
"chosen" by the Legislatures of the several
States.
2. The "manner" of the choice is to be pre-
scribed by the Legislature thereof.
!J. The Legislature of New Jersey, by statute,
indicated "the Senate and Assembly in joint
meeting assembled" as the "manner" in which
the duty imposed upon them by the Constitu-
tion of the United States should be performed.
-1. The constitution of New Jersey recognizcs
"the Senate and Assembly in joint meeting as-
sembled " as the Legislature of the State.
5. " The Senate and Assembly in joint meet-
ing assembled" have full power to determine
the "manner" of the cleciion of the United
States Senator, by the authority derived from the
Constitution of the United States; the consti-
tution of the Stale; by virtue of the statute law
of the State; by parliamentary usage, and by
universal custom.
(>. That if the joint meeting had not the power
to prescribe the manner of choice, yet the
"manner" being determined by the statutcfof
the State, " the Senate and Assembly in joint
meeting assembled" were authorized to indi-
cate their choice by such rules as they might
adopt.
7. The election of Mr. Stockton under the
rules adopted by the joint meeting of 18f>f> was
not a plurality election, but was the choice of
the majority, expressed by the method indi-
cated by them, so declared in the resolution
previous to the election, and subsequent to it,
by tho silence and acquiescence of all the
members.
8. That the whole body confirmed the legal
election of Mr. Stockton, and authorized the
Governor, under the statute, to commission
him as United States Senator for six years
from the 4 th of March, 1805, and thereby the
matter is concluded.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire by
striking out all after the word "is" in the first
line of the proposed amendment, and in lieu
thereof inserting—
That tho Legislature of New Jersey having con-
vened in joint meeting to choose a Senator to tho
