3596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
amendment proposed by my colleague [Mr.
$£yeks] is a, change in the right direction. I
have looked a great deal into this question-,'
and I believe a duty of three and a half cents |
per pound would increase the duty from fifty ;
per cent., as reported by the bill, to sixty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORR.ILL. I "have no doubt the gen-
tleman has investigated the subject thoroughly.
What will the duty amount to upon a dozen
common plain glass tumblers?
Mr. MOOR.HEAD. About sixty-five per
cent, ad valorem. [Laughter.] I know the j
difficulty the gentleman has in his head; it is '
the common black bottles. Now, I would pre-
fer making a scale of duties; have it three
cents per pound on common articles, three and
ahalf cents per pound on others, and four cents
on others. I think three and a half cents per
pound is about the right average, and I think
we better adopt the amendment.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Myers, and upon a division there
were—ayes 42, noes 58.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MYERS called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was accordingly rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
On glass crystals for watches, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On lenses for specifies, whether of glass or peb-
bles, and with or without frames, two dollars per
gross pairs, and, in addition thereto, forty per cent.
<id valorem.
On all other lenses for optical purposes, whether in
frames or otherwise, fifty .per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On all articles of glass, cut, engraved, painted, col-
ored, printed, stained, silvered, or gilded, not includ-
ing plate-glass silvered, or looking-glass plates, fifty
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend this
paragraph by inserting after the words " look-
ing-glass plates" the words "two cents per
pound and." That duty is not anything like
what the men who manufacture fine flint-glass
ask us to impose. They want five, ten, or
fifteen cents per pound, in addition to the
present duty, which is thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem. But seeing that the disposition of
the House is to increase the duty but slightly,
I have named two cents per pound, and hope
thcre'will be no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL. It is only half as objec-
tionable as the other, but I hope it will be
voted down by an equal majority.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On all unpolished cylinder, crown, and common
window glass, not exceeding ten by fifteen inches
square, two cents per pound; above that, and not
exceeding sixteen by twenty-four inches square, two
and a half cents per pound: above that, and not ex-
ceeding twenty-four by thirty inches square, three
and a half cents per pound; all above that, four
cents per pound.
Mr. DAWES. I have an amendment which
I desire to propose to this paragraph, and
which I think will not encounter the opposi-
tion of the learned chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Morrill.] I move
to insert after the word "fwo," in the second
line of this paragraph, the words "and one
quarter so that it will read " two and one
quarter cents per pound." If that amend-
ment should be adopted. I propose to offer
corresponding amendments to other portions
of this paragraph. My object is to raise slightly
the duty upon window-glass. If there is any-
thing the manufacture of which it is desirable
to cultivate in this country it is common win-
dow-glass.
Wo have every facility in this country for
manufacturing window-glass. We haye all the
raw material except the soda-ash and a few
other things. But for years the manufacture
of window-glass has beget stroggljliig,, ag^nst
t}*e adjferae inftueaceft-of. Sweigp coajpatkion.
Why ? Because labor enters so largely i nto the
manufacture; and abroad, in-Belgium, labor can
be obtained for one franc a day, while in this
country two and three dollars per day must be
paid. Hence, with sand and other materials,
the best in the world for making window-glass,
this manufacture here at home has been for
years struggling, meeting with but little suc-
cess, because the arrangement of our duties
has been such as to give employment to the
workshops and laborers on the other side of
the water rather than here. I desire, sir, that
the manufacture of window-glass shall be car-
ried on here with our own material, relieving
us from our dependence in this respect upon
the foreign' manufacture. If there is any article
in the world in reference to which it is desira-
ble that our country should be emancipated
from dependence on foreign labor it is cheap
window-glass. I hope, therefore, that the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Mokrill] will not
oppose this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. The learned gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has decorated
me with such flattering terms that I shall make
only a very weak opposition to his amendment.
I'believe it is more meritorious than the prop-
osition which was made in reference to mold
and press glass. But I will say to the gentle-
man, that since I agreed not to offer any oppo-
sition to an increase of duty upon window-glass
I have acquired a little additional learning:
and that is that the parties who make the mold
and press glass say that those who manufac-
ture window-glass do not need any more pro-
tection than we have already given them, while
the parties who make window-glass say that
those who manufacture the mold and press
glass do not need any more protection.
Mr. DAWES. I mo w, pro forma, to amend
my amendment by striking out "one quarter" -
and inserting iir lieu thereof "one half." I
do this simply to say that the gentleman from
Vermont is mistaken, and that if those who
have given him his information have attempted
to advance their interests by any such state-
ments they are not borne out by the facts. The
manufacturers of window-glass are and have
been for years struggling to succeed in their
business. They have not for years made an
annual profit of six per cent, upon their cap-
ital, and it is impossible for them to do so
under the present tariff. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move further to amend by
striking out in the thirty-fifth line the words
"one half" and inserting in lieu thereof " three
quarters," so that window-glass above ten by
fifteen inches square and not exceeding sixteen
by twenty-four inches, shall pay a duty of two
and three quarter cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move further to amend by
striking out in the thirty-sixth and thirty-sev-
enth lines the words " three and a halP' and
inserting in lieu thereof the word "four," so
that the duty on window-glass above sixteen
by twenty-four inches square, and not exceed-
ing twenty-four by thirty inches, shall be four
cents per pound.
The amendment w£ts agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move further to amend by
inserting after the word "four," in the thirty-
seventh line, the words "and one half," so
that window-glass exceeding twenty-four by
thirty inches square shall pay a duty of four
and a half cents per pound.
The amendment was. agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the pending paragraph the following:
On all glass vials, jars, bottles, demijohns, carboys,
and other vessels under one half pint, except those
of flint-glass and otherwise provided for, three and
three quarter cent#per pound; where over one half
pint and under one pint and a half, three and a half
cents per pound; and all over a pint and a half, three
cents, filled or unfilled.
Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amend-
ment believing the House will. adopt it. It
follows, the suggestion, of my colleague, [Mr.
Moorhead,] a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, to make agraduation of duty.
I think it about fits the case. It does not come
up by any means to the wishes of the glass
manufacturers, who say they are not suffi-
ciently protected; and I ask for it the serious
consideration of this committee. I have not
put these amendments forward in any other
than a spirit of good faith. I did not think
they would be opposed, much less that the
House would refuse tellers after they had been
fully discussed. I believe this manufacture is
languishing. I have made the amendment to
tally, not only with the views ef the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, but with others acquainted
with this manufacture. I hope the House will
seriously consider it, and then put it in.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no disposition on
the part of the Committee of Ways and Means
or myself to consider this question with any dis-
respect. I thought the gentleman would have
ascertained it was not only the opinion of the
Committee of Ways and Means but of this
House that we have granted all that we ought
to grant under this bill. But I admire the per-
sistency of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I do not know anything equal to it unless it be
that of the renowned preacher who "played on
the harp of a thousand strings, demijohns and
spirits of just men made perfect." [Laughter.]
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 23, noes 40.
Mr. MYERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield
and Mr. O'Neill were appointed.
Mr. MYERS. The joke of the gentleman
from Vermont was so good and so new, and
the majority against me seems to bo so great,
that I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
On'eylinder and crown glass, polished, not exceed-
ing ten by fifteen inches square, three and a half cents
per square foot; above that, and not exceeding six-
teen by twenty-four inches square, five and a half
cents per square foot; above that, and not exceeding
twenty-four by thirty inches square, eight cents per
square foot; abovg that, and not exceeding twenty-
four by sixty inches, twenty-five cents per square
foot; all above that, fifty cents per square foot.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On iluted, rolled, or rough plate-glass, not includ-
ing crown, cylinder, or common window glass, nit
exceeding ten by fifteen inches square, §1 25 per hun-
dred square feet; above that, and not exceeding six-
teen by twenty-tour inches square, one and a half
cents per square foot; above that, and not exceeding
twenty-four by thirty inches square, two cents per
square foot; all above that, two and a half cents per
square foot: Provided, That all fluted, rolled, or
rough plate-glass, weighing over one hundred pounds
per one hundred square feet, shall pay an additional
duty on the excess at the same.rates herein-imposed.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On all cast polished plate-glass, unailvered, not
exceeding ten by fifteen inches square, four cents
per square toot; above that, and not exceeding six-
teen Dy twenty-four inches square, six cents per
square foot; above that, and not exceeding twenty-
four by thirty inches square, ten cents per square
foot; above that, and not exceeding twenty-four by
sixty inches square, thirty cents per square foot; all
above that, fifty cents per square foot.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On all cast polished plate-glass, silvered, or look-
ing-glass plates not exceeding ten by fifteen inches
square, live cents per square foot; above that, and
not exceeding sixteen by twenty-four inches square,
seren and a half cents per square foot; above that,
and not exceeding twenty-four by thirty inches
square, twelve cents per square foot; above that,
and not exceeding twenty-four by sixty inches
square, forty cents per square foot; all above that,
seventy-live cents per square foot: Provided, That
no looking-glass plates or plate-glass, silvered, when
framed, snail pay a less rate of duty than that im-
posed upon similar glass of like description not
framed, butshall beliable to pay, in addition thereto,
forty per cent, ad valorem upon such frames.
No amendment being offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
On porcelain and Bohemian glass, paintings on
glass or glasses, and all manufactures of glass, or of
which glass shall be a component material of chief
value, not otherwise provided for, and all glass bot-
tles or jars filled with sweetmeats or preserves, not
otherwise provided for, fifty per cent, ad valorem;
on clay, unwrought or ground or prepared, seven
dollars per ton.
Mr, HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
