2636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
ship, steamboat, vessel, ear, wagon, or other
vehicle, to be transported. carried, or conveyed
therein or (hereon in violation of this act, or
while it is being so transported, carried, or con-
voyed. or while it is being removed from such
ship, steamship, steamboat, vessel, car, wagon,
or other vehicle, every person who knowingly
placed, or aided, or permitted the placing of
the substance upon or in such ship, steamship,
steamboat, vessel, car, wagon, or other vehicle
to be so transported, carried, or conveyed, is to
be deemed guilty of murder in the first degree,
and on conviction is to suffer death by hanging.
It is not to be lawful to ship, send, or for-
ward any quantity of this substance or article,
or to transport, carry, or convey it by ship,
steamship, steamboat, vessel, car, wagon, or
other vehicle of any description upon land or
water between a place in a foreign country and
a place within the United States, or between
a place in one State, Territory, or district of;
the United States, and a place in any other
State, Territory, or district thereof, unless it
shall be securely inclosed, deposited, or packed
in a metallic vessel, separated from all other
substances, and the outside of the package
containing it to be marked, painted, or labeled,
in a conspicuous manner with the words,
" Nitro-glycerine, dangerous." Any person,
^company, or corporation who shall knowingly
violate the provisions of this section is to be
liable to a fine of S3,000, at the discretion of
the court, to be recovered by an action of debt,
" one half to the use of the informer.
The district court of the United States within
the district in which any offense against the act
shall be committed, or if committed in or upon
any ship, boat, vessel, or vehicle beyond the
territorial limits of any district, then within
the district from which it departed, or in which
it shall first arrive, is to have jurisdiction to
try and punish the offenders by fine or death,
as the case may be, under the provisions of
this act.
The act is not to be so construed as to pre-
vent any State, Territory, district, citj-, or town
within the United States regulating or prohib-
it ing the traffic in or transportation of this sub-
si a nee between persons or places lying or being
within their respective limits, or from prohib-
iting its introduction into such limits for sale,
use, or consumption therein.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in section one, line five, after
the word •' convey'' to insert the words "ship,
deliver on board, or cause to bo delivered on
board' so that it will read :
Thnt horenftoi'it shall not be lawful to transport,
carry, or coin ey, ship, deliver on board, or cause to
be dehveicdou boiud thesiibstaneo orarticle known
or rlcMfrnated as mtro-cjlyccrine, &c.
1'he amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line (wenty-three, to strike out the words "to
be recovered by an action of debt so that
the clause will read :
And am' person, company, or corporation who shall
knowinsilvviohite tho provisions of this scction shall
be liable to a tine ot not loss than $3,00W, at tho, dis-
cretion of tho court, one half to tiic use of the in-
former.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty, to strike out the words '' murder
in the first degree" and to insert "man-
slaughter."
'Ihe amendment was agreed to.
'Ihe next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-two, after the word "suffer" to
strike out tho words " death by hanging" and
to insert " imprisonment for a period not less
than ten years."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twenty-
five and twenty-six of section three, to strike
out the words " to bo recovered by an action
of debt."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines eleven and
twelve of section four, to strike out the words
"by fine or death as tho case may be."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to in-
quire how the bill stands now with reference to
punishment
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill now makes the
crime of shipping this article on board of pas-
senger vessels, or the transportation of it with
knowledge, manslaughter where death happens
in consequence of the act, and punishes the
crime of manslaughter by imprisonment for ton
years or upward. Tho shipping on board a pas-
senger vessel where death or any other accident
does not occur is made merely a misdemeanor,
punishable by fine; and the rest of the bill
requires that when it is shipped by freighting
vessels or cars it shall be securely packed and
marked.
The bill was reported to the Senate as 
amended, and tho amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time
and passed.
bill introduced.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 95) amendatory of a reso-
lution regulating the investment of the naval
pension fund, approved July 1, 18G4 ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
reconstruction.
Mr. WADE submitted an amendment which
he intends to offer to the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 127) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States when it comes
up for consideration.
The amendment was received, and ordered
to be priuted.
approval of bills.
A message from the President of tho United
States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the- United States had
approved and signed, on the lGth instant, the
following act and joint resolution :
An act (S. No. 310) to change tho place of
holding tho courts of the United States for the
northern district of Mississippi; and
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 88) author-
izing the Secretary of War to grant the use of
certain lumber for the fair for tho Soldiers' and
Sailors' Orphan Home.
fresii-water basin for iron-clads.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to take
up the joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) author-
izing the appointment of examiners to exam-
ine a sito for a fresh-water basin ifor iron-clad
vessels of the United States Navy.
The motion was agreed to ; and tho Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution, the pend-
ing question being on tho amendment of Mr.
Foster, to insert after "Maine" the words
" and also New London, Connecticut."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
inserted.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the examination proposed. I only want to
enter my disclaimer now against the inference
that was drawn from the report on the iron-
clads. We appointed a commission to exam-
ine into the cost of the iron-clads, and that
seemed to be tho principal argument for pass-
ing the bill for the relief of those who built
the iron-clads. I hope the honorable Senator
from Maine, when this report comes in, will
not consider that because we without objec-
tion vote for a commission to examine into
the propriety of this work we are thereby
foreclosed from any examination into the pro-
priety of that report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course not. Ithas
no sort of connection with it; not the slightest
in the world.
The joint resolution was ordered to he en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time and passed.
benjamin iiolliday.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House-joint
resolution No. 103.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 103) to refer the petition
of Benjamin Holliday to the Court of Claims
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that so much of the claim of
Benjamin Holliday as relates to damages for
change of route by military orders and prop-
erty taken by the military authorities and ap-
propriated to the use of the Government be
referred to the Court of Claims for adjustment.
The Committee on Claims reported the joint
resolution with an amendment, which was in
line four, to strike out the words " damages for
change of route by military orders and;" so
that the joint resolution will read:
That so much of tho claim of Benjamin Holliday
as relates to property taken by the military authori-
ties and appropriated to the use of the Government
be referred to the Court of Claims for adjustment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know anything
about this particular case ; but 1 am entirely
opposed to referring by joint resolution, which
amounts to a law, special cases in this way to
the Court of Claims. We have a general law
giving that court jurisdiction of a certain class
of cases. If the law is not broad enough,
enlarge it; but this way of coming in and giv-
ing the court jurisdiction of a particular case,
some favorite case, I do not think is right,
unless it is done under some very peculiar cir-
cumstances. There maybe some circumstances
in this ease which justify that species of legis-
lation ; but it is certainly a very bad way to
be conferring upon a court of general jurisdic-
tion of a particular class of cases like this
special jurisdiction of some special case.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be aware
that the Committee on Claims who pass on this
class of claims have the opportunity of hearing
testimony only on one side; tho Court of Claims
have an opportunity to examine witnesses on
both sides, and I think it is safer for the Gov-
ernment to let claims be tried where witnesses
can be examined on both sides.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I entirely concur with
tho Senator from Kansas. I think so, too. Iam
not objecting to tho court, but it is to giving the
jurisdiction of a particular case in this way ;
and unless it is an exceptional case I do not
think it ought to be done.
Mr. CLARK. This is a joint resolution from
the House of Representatives. As it came to
the Senate it was referred to the Committee on
Claims and read in this way: "That so much
of the claim of Benjamin Holliday as relates to
damages for change of route by military orders
and property taken by the military authorities
and appropriated to the use of the Government
be referred to the Court of Claims for adjust-
ment." The Committee on Claims came to
the conclusion to recommend to the Senate to
strike out that part of the claim which was for
damages for change of route, and to let the
other part of the claim for property alleged to
be taken by military orders go to the Court of
Claims, and no more; and we think that-is a
better tribunal than tho Committee on Claims
and the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to contest
tho amendment, but I have this to say: Ben-
jamin Holliday, who had the overland con-
tract, made his stations every fifteen miles on
a given route, and built houses. The military
authorities told him to abandon all those and
to go on to another line, bccause they could
protect him from the Indians on that other
line. It is a question of equity whether he
ought not to have some compensation for the
abandoned houses and stations that he had
built at great expense.
Mr. CLARK. I ought to say that the Com-
mittee on Claims examined the claim so far as
to see precisely what it was. I doubt very
much whether he can set up any military order
in the case ; but we concluded to let the whole
matter go for adjudication to the Court of
Claims.
