1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress of the United States for six years from the
4th of March, 1S65, and said Legislature in said joint
meeting having passed an order that such election
should be made by a plurality vote of that joint meet-
in?; and on the first ballot taken by said meeting
John P. Stockton having received -10 out of the 81
votes of the members of both Houses of the Legisla-
ture constituting such Legislature in. said joint meet-
ing, and every other person voted for, a less number,
and the presiding officer of said joint meetinglirtving
then announced to it that the said John P. Stockton
was elected Senator to Congress, arid there being; no
objection or dissent expressed to said enunciation,
the said John P. Stockton was duly clected a Senator
from said State and is entitled to holdhisseatassuch
from the 4th of March, 18(55.
Mr. CLARK. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have already indicated
by my vote my concurrence with the report
of the Judiciary Committee in this case, but I
can see no possible use of piling amendment
on amendment in this way, and I shall vote
against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 15, nays 27 ; as follows:
4 YEAS — Messrs. Buckalcw, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
little, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall,
Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury, Van
Winkle, and Willey—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragin, Creswell, Fessenden, Grimes, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of
Indiana, Nye, Poland, Pomerov, Ramsey, Sherman-,.
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, and
Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Toot, Foster, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Stewart* Stockton, and Wright—8.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered. With the per-
mission of the Senate, before the roll is called,
the Chair will state that upon this question he
is paired with the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Mohrill,] who is absent. The Senator from
Maine, if present, would vote for the amend-
ment ; the Chair would vote against it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the further
consideration of the subject before the Senate
be postponed until to-morrow, Wednesday, at
one o'clock p. m.
Mr. CLARK. I hope not.
Mr. McDOUGALL. On that question I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to state again
that I regard this as a mere dilatory motion on
a subject upon which the sense of the Senate
has already been taken, and without meaning
it to be an indication of my vote on the main
question, I shall vote against the postpone-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 15. nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle,
Gutlnic, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan,
Nesmith, Norton, ltiddlc, Saulsbury, Van Winkle,
and Willey—lo,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Brown, Chandler,Clark,
Conness, Ciagin, Creswell, Ecs^enden,Foster, <3rime?,
Ilaims. Henderson, Howard. Howe, Kirkwood, Lane
of Indiana, Nye, Poland, Pomcroy, ilamhcv. Sher-
man, Sprague. Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Foot, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Stewart, Stockton, and Wright—7.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT* pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is upon the proposed amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the amendment
before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Claiik, which was to strike out of the resolu-
tion of the committee the words u was duly
elected, and is entitled to his seat, as a Senator
from the State of New Jersey for the term of
six years from the 4th d*ay of March, 1SG5,"
and in lieu thereof to insert, 4* is not entitled
to a seat as Senator from the Stale of New
Jersey lor the term of six years from the 4th
of March, 1805."
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on
the amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to state, in order
that it may be a part of the record, that I do
not vote on this question, on account of the
resolution passed by the Senate yesterday.
The result was then announced—yeas 22,
nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Cragin, Creswell, Fessenden, Grimes, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Nye, Pomeroy, liamsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cowan, Da-
vis, Doolittle, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morgan, Nes-
mith, Norton, Poland, Riddle, Saulsbury, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, and Willey—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Dixon, Foot, Foster, Morrill,
Stewart, Stockton, and Wright—7. -
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution as amended:
Itesohcd, That John P. Stockton is not entitled to
a seat as Senator from the State of New Jersey for
tho term of bix years from the -4th of March, 18<3o.
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
At the conclusion of the call of the roll,
Mr. RIDDLE, (whohad at first voted in the
negative.) I ask to change my vote from tfee
negative to the affirmative. I vote "yea."
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to announce
that I did not vote on this ballot, because I
was deprived of my vote by the resolution of
the Senate passed yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
announcing the vote, with the permission of
the Senate, the Chair will state that upon this
question he has paired with the Senator from
Maine who is absent. The Senator from Maine,
if present, would vote for this resolution j the
Chair would vote against it.
The result was then announced—yeas 23,
nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Conness.
Cragin, Creswell, Fe*senden, Grime®., Howard, lloVe,
Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Nye, Pomcroy, Ramsey,
ltiddlc, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Williams,
Wilson, and Yate*—23.
NAYS—An thony, Buckalew,Cowan, Davis,
Doolittle, Guthrie. Hams, Henderson. Hendricks,
Johnson. Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morgan, Nes-
mith, Norton. Poland, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, and Willey—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Foot, Foster, Morrill,
Stewart, Stockton, and Wright—7.
So the resolution as amended was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. Tho Senator from Delaware
having voted in the affirmative undoubtedly for
the purpose, of moving a reconsideration, I
move now a reconsideration of the vote, and
hope that every Senator who voted for the
resolution will vote against the reconsidera-
tion, and I ask the trfal now. ["Question!"
Question!!']
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate reconsider their vote passing
this resolution.
Mr. CLARK. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question occurs to
me whether a motion to reconsider can be twice
entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This reso-
lution, in the opinion of the Chair, is a differ-
ent one from the other. There was a motion
made to amend the other. It passed without
amendment. The motion now has been to
strike out and insert other matter, which makes
this, in the judgment of the Chair, a new res-
olution and subject to a motion to reconsider.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to postpone
the further consideration of the motion to
reconsider until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THUMB ULL. I have voted steadily
against all propositions to deprive the Senator
from New Jersey of his seat. I thought the
request to postpone this matter until Thursday
next, was a reasonable one, and I voted for it.
■The majority of the Senate disagreed with me,
and voted it down. I shall take no part in
motions made simply for delay. I will enter
into no struggle with the Senate. Having voted
to postpone the matter until Thursday, and the
majority of the Senate overruling me, although
I disagree -with the judgment to which the Sen-
ate has come, I .shall make no factions opposi-
tion to thai judgment. If the ,majority of the
Senate are opposed to. postponing the matter
until Thursday, I shall not unite in any of-these
dilatory motions, and, therefore, I shall now
vote against postponing, unless there is some
probability that somebody has changed his vote
and we could postpone it. If there was any
disposition on the part of Senators to postpone
it, I would unite with them; but I look upon
these motions now made as having no other
effect than that of delay, it being manifest that
the majority of the Senate which is here is
opposed to postponing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have voted steadily on
this question from, I believe, a conscientious.
judgment upon the merits of this case against
tho right of Mr. Stockton to his seat. I have
now not the slightest doubt upon it. I do not
think that a joint convention of a Legislature
can prescribe a plurality x-ule. The Constitu-
tion says explicitly that the Legislature shall
prescribe the time, place, and manner of elect-
ing a Senator. In prescribing the'' manner,"
in my judgment the Legislature must concur,
and the Legislature means the two branches
acting separately in a legislative capacity. They
may prescribe the manner. They may author-
ize it to be done by a joint vote. Here is the sole
point upon which 1 rest my judgment: that
while the Legislature may prescribe a plurality
rule in the election of a Senator, a joint con-
vention of the Legislature in tho exercise of
tho law cannot do it.
But at the same time this is a high judicial
question, and I therefore have been willing to
grant every request the Senator from New Jer-
sey could make, every request that a reasona-
ble judge acting under the solemnities of an oath
would give to a man on trial before him. And
now, if there was any reasonable probability
that a change in the vote of the Senate would
occur by the presence here of members who
are detained by sickness or any other cause, I
should vote to postpone until to-morrow or
Thursday. I voted yesterday to postpone until
Thursday upon the declaration made by the
Senator from New Jersey that his colleague
might be hero. And now, if any Senator can
state upon his honor as a gentleman, that there
is a reasonable prospect that he believes that
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Weight]
can be here, and that a different result from
the full vote of the Senate would occ^r, I would
have no objection whatever'to change my vote
in that particular, and vote for a postponement;
but there has been no such declaration. The
Senator from New Jersey, whose ease we have
acted upon, did not state that he believed his
colleague could be here. The Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who is the only other
person absent, was here this morning in his
seat. He is not hero now. We therefore can-
not postpone this question until to-morrow to
secure his vote. He is certainly able to be
here to vote, because he has been in the Hall
to-day. Why should we postpone this matter
for the presence of the Senator from New Jer-
sey when we have no assurance that he can
be here to-morrow? There must be an end of
all controversy, and although this is a close
vote, I believe it has been an honest one.
The Senator from Kentucky, I regretted lo
see, yesterday charged Senators who voted
against the right of Mr. Stockton to his seat
with doing so from parly considerations. I can
speak honestly for myself, that in this matter [
have not been influenced in the slightest degree
by party feeling. But as - there is now no ob-
ject in postponing this inatter, as important
public business is lying on your table and ought
to be acted upon, 1 think we ought to consider
this matter as at an end; and therefore the
motion to reconsider ought to be voted upon
now, unless we have some positive and reason-
able assurance that other Senators who have a
right to vote will be hero .to vote to-morrow.
I shall, therefore, vote against postponing the
matter and shall vote for disposing of it now.
