1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
SS97
I do not object to the
to insert "on firebricks, thirty per cent, ad
valorem."
Mr. MORRILL.
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to. *
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed bylaw on the importation
of the articles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid the following duties and
rates of duty, that is to say:
On books and engravings, being editions printed
not Jess than thirty years prior to the date of impor-
tation, and on books wholly in foreign languages,
printed not less than fifteen years prior to the date
of importation, twenty percent, ad valorem.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to add the follow-
ing :
_ Provided,-If the same shall be imported in quanti-
ties of more than five copies in any one invoice they
shall, if written wholly or partly m the English lan-
guage, be liable to a duty of thirty cents per pound
weight, and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On all stereotyped or eleetrotyped plates of books
and casts^ of wood-cute, a duty of twenty cents per
pound weight, and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he modify his amend-
ment by striking out the word "thirty'' where
it first occurs, and inserting "twenty;" so as
to make the duty twenty cents per pound
weight.
Mr. KELLEY. I accept that as a modifi-
cation of my amendment.
The question was taken~ on Mr. "Kellet's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to strike out
from line six to line ten inclusive, namely, "on
books and engravings, being editions printed
not less than thirty years prior to the date of
importation, and 011 books wholly in foreign
languages, printed not less than fifteen years
prior to the date of importation, twenty per
cent, ad valoremincluding also what has
just been adopted on motion of the member
from Pennsylvania, and to insert in lien
thereof "on books wholly in foreign languages,
and on agricultural and scientific reports and
periodicals, not being American reprints, ten
per cent, ad valorem.''
Mr. Chairman, the books referred to here in
the first part of this paragraph are old books,
the classics, English and others, which are
used mainly by the scholars of the country.
They are not very generally used, but are used
simply by those who devote themselves ex-
clusively to the study of such works; and there
seems to be no good reason why these rare old
books should have a high tax laid upon them,
for the individuals who desire them and do use
them are generally too poor to'pay the high
price which will be required if this paragraph
should go into operation as a law.
The second clause referring to books printed
wholly in foreign languages relates mainly to
German, Italian, and French books. Nine
tenths of all these books are used in our acad-
emies and colleges by poor boys who are strug-
gling against poverty to get an education. There
is 110 reason why this class of our population
should be oppressed by this heavy tax. More-
over, if the object of the bill is to secure rev-
enue, you will secure a much larger amount
of revenue by putting the tax at ton per cent,
than by putting it at twenty per cent. If your
object is to protect American publishers, those
publishers will not publish a large class of the
books referred to in this paragraph if you pro-
tect them, because they are used only by a few
scholars, and there would not be a sufficient
number sold in the country to make it profitable
to republish them, even with the protection of
twenty per cent.
Sir, this class of publishers do not need this
protection. They have never, at any past pe-
riod in our country's history, made as much as
they have made during the year ending January
1, 1866. They do not, therefore, need protec-
tion, and as a matter of revenue, as I said be-
fore, it would be far better to levy a tax of ten
per cent, than of twenty per cent.
What reason is there for shutting out this
elass of books—rare books, that contain, the
skill, the learning, and the ripe# Results of
the thoughts of the scholars of Europe, who
have been laboring for a lifetime to,put thoae
thoughts and facts into circulation throughout
the world? What we want in this country is
to avail ourselves of the learning and skill of
Europe, and make them practical by applying
them to the business affairs oflife. During the
last two or three years, ortluring the war, the
prices of good old books have been so high
that the scholars of the country have not been
able to avail themselves of the advantage they
formerly derived by procuring these European
books. If this tariff as it now stands goes into
operation it will deprive them of that privilege
of which they were deprived during the war. I
can see no reason why the rate should not be
reduced to ten per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the amendment
proposed by the gentleman frojn New Hamp-
shire will not be adopted. The gentleman is
slightly mistaken in relation to this matter. The
fact is that our publishers can now send abroad
and have their books printed and brought back,
paying the existing duties, cheaper than they
can print them here at home. Sir, I do not,
for one, desire to reach the object which the
gentleman seems to have in view. I do not
desire that the students and scholars of this
country should have tor their text-books those
which are printed abroad. Let them be both
edited and printed here. Let such authqrs as
Professor Crosby and Professor Anthon get up
their classical text-books and find a sale for
them here. Our authors need to be taken carc
of quite as much as our publishers. The duty j
wc propose to put upon these books in foreign
languages is merely nominal, twenty per cent,
on the valuation—not half what we place on
other books. The cost of paper abroad is less
than one half what it is here; the cost of set-
ting type is very much less there than here. If
the gentleman desires to reach his object, and
will move to reduce the number of years that
these books shall have been printed, in order
to admit them at lower rates, I would offer
no objection. But if we should adopt this
amendment we could never expect hereafter
that these books would be printed at all by
American publishers. Why, sir, 1 have seen
copies of even so insignificant a publication as
the common Webster Spelling-Book which had
been printed abroad with an American pub-
lisher's name upon them; and they are bi ought
over here'by millions and offered for sale. The
gentleman does not sweeten it at all by put-
ting in some reference to agriculture. I think
the House are not going to have our distin-
guished'and learned Commissioner of Agricult-
ure dwarfed by the introduction of European
agricultural publications. [Great laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. I move, pro forma, to
strike out the last word. I should be very
sorry indeed to deprive the distinguished friend
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, the Commissioner of Agriculture, of
any of his special privileges: and it is for that
very reason, among others, that I have offered
this amendment, that that distinguished and
learned man may avail himself of European
productions in agriculture in developing those
of his own country. And I will say, further-
more, that such scholars as Professor Crosby,
to whom the gentleman has referred, are the
very men who desire an amendment of this
kind. For those scholars who publish'classi-
cal works in this country need and must have :
these works that cotne from Europe for inves- j
tigation and for reference, and then they can
reproduce those works iii a different form in !
this country. But 1 w&uld say to^ thc_ gentle- ,
man from Vermont that many works will never '
be republished in this country under any cir- i
cumstances, not even under this bill. They 1
are not published here and will not be, be-
cause the number sold in this country would j
be so small that it would not pay any publish-
ing house here to print them. So that if ob-
tained here at all they must be obtained from
abroad. If this be so, why should we require
the scholar, who is almost always a poor man,
to pay the«e enormous prices for these books?
Sir, it seems to me that our first and true pol-
icy is to protect the intelligence of the people
rather than a few fat book publishers in Boston
and New York. They are already enriched,
and are daily becoming more so, by their pub-
lications, under the tariff as it already exists.
Why should wegive them superior advantages?
We had better protect the boys of the country,
who are to be the practical men hereafter, the
boys who are to be the future lawyers and legis-
lators of the country, now when they are seek-
ing to fit. themselves for those duties. This
seems to me to be our true policy rather than
to protect a few publishing houses in Boston
and New York which are sufficiently protected
already.
Mr. KELLEY. I want to say to the gentle-
man from New Hampshire that the book. pub-
lishers of Boston and New York are not mak-
ing fortunes at this time, and I want to add to
that that those who are making money are
doing it by printing in England and in Belgium,
from the stereotyped plates made in this coun-
try and from which they used to print Amer-
ican editions, English and Belgian editions.
The publishing houses of all our cities have
had to remove their stereotype plates to Eng-
land and to the Continent, by reason of the
difference in cost between English and Belgian
and American paper, and also by reason of
the difference in the cost of the material used in
book-binding. If the gentleman wishes to de-
clare that no book of value shall be published
in America, I advise him to open these little
doors, through which a great storm may blow.
The very object of the amendment which I pro-
posed to this section and which was adopted,
while it allowed old editions to come in for
scholars, was to prohibit the opening of a door
through which foreign publishers could ante-
date a book on its title-page, and introduce it
at a low rate of duty. It gives scholars the
opportunity of importing five copies of a book
at a merely nominal duty, not equal to eight
per cent, upon American prices.
Now, if you want to open the door so that
immense editions from your own American
stereotype plates will be forced to be printed
with false dates upon them, then adopt such a
provision as the gentleman proposes to accom-
modate college professors and the future law-
yers of the country. You will then have, not
only your Blaekstones printed abroad, but
also your Kents, your Cliittys, and your cur-
rent Decisions of the Supreme Court, for we
will be unable to print any such book in
America.
Mr. PATTERSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I renew the
amendment to the amendment. I listened with
much attention to the argument of tha learned
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pat-
tersox.] But I think he was mistaken in the
point to which he was directing his remarks,
if by the alteration which he proposes in this
paragraph he seeks to benefit the poor boys
and poor men in our schools. Perhaps, if he
wishes to accomplish that object, it will be
necessary for him to exempt from the rate of
duty which he proposes those books in foreign
languages which have been _ reprinted in this
country, which have been familiarized to us,
upon which American scholars have expended
their time and attention, in the production of
. which American capitalists have expended their
money, and which are already widely diffused
throughout the length and breadth of the coun-
try in our educational institutions.
It. seems to me that the argument which he
makes in favor of the general importation at a
low rate of duty of books printed wholly in
foreign tongues falls to the ground when I
remind him of what he himself very well knows,
that of most of the editions of classics used in
our academies and colleges, there are Ameri-
can reprints which, to say the least, are fully
equal to those published abroad. The gentle-
man shakes his head in answer to that state-
ment. Well, sir, he is a classical scholar ; he
is a professor, I believe, in one of our most eel-
