3598
THE COJSTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
ebrated colleges, and I little supposed that from
that source would come a contradiction which
involves so grave a reflection upon the scholar-
ship of our American authors as his suggestion
presupposes. I supposed there was no gentle-
man in this House who would for a moment
hold out the idea or the plea that with the
labors of the English scholars to base their
operations upon, our American scholars would
take their books and in revising them make
them poorer than they were before they touched,
them. And yet I do not see but that is the
inevitable conclusion to which we must arrive,
if the suggestion of the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] be true.
Now, in regard to other classes of books
printed wholly in foreign languages, I want to
say, in reply to the earnest and pathetic appeal
of the learned gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Patterson] in behalf of poor schol-
ars, that they are not the class of men who
import these expensive editions of foreign
classics. Those books are as much articles of
luxury as jewelry, plate, or pictures, or any-
thing else that is an acknowledged article of
luxury. You do not find those books in the
libraries of poor scholars. Scholars seeking ac-
cess to those books generally find them in libra-
ries attached to-the schools and the institutions
with which they are connected, or in neighbor-
ing colleges. You do not and you cannot, find
those books in the libraries of poor scholars.
I can tell you where you will find them. You
will find them in the libraries of wealthy peo-
ple, people who adorn their libraries with these
costly and expensive and luxurious editions,
and who adorn their parlors with works of art,
with paintings and statuary. I do not know,
sir, of any articles upon which a duty can be
more appropriately levied than these articles
of luxury; and if I were speaking in behalf
of poor scholars or poor men generally, I would
say, "Put the duty upon these articles of luxury
and taste, in order that we may lighten the
burden upon articles which are necessary to
the poorer classes." I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I renew the amendment
in order that I may say a few words. I desire
to call the attention of the committee to the
provisions of the bill as amended on motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Keixey.J It is proposed to treat these publi-
cations with favor. It is not proposed to im-
pose upon them anything more than a small
ad valorem duty. The only amendment to which
I should be willing to consent is to reduce the
time from fifteen years to about ten years.
I may remark, Mr. Chairman, thatl have seen
magazines which have been printed abroad ex-
pressly for American circulation. They are got-
ten up atid sent here at one dollar per copy per
annum, while they could not be printed and
published in this country at less than two or
three dollars per copy. Besides that, Mr.
Chairman, I desire to say that the amendment,
even if it should be adopted, is wholly imprac-
ticable. How can you define the line which
shall distinguish scientific publications from
those which are not scientific? I affirm that
in many eases it will be impossible to draw the
line of distinction. The London Times, for
instance, may announce itself as a periodical
"devoted to literature, science, and politics."
A book of travels may have a chapter on the
geology of the country—will not that be a sci-
entific work? Nearly all the foreign reyiews,
as well as the London Punch, are devoted to
literature, politics, arts, and science. Yet these
are_ not such publications as the gentleman
designs to cover by his amendment. I trust
that we shall allow the provisions of the bill to
stand in its present form. For the purpose of
closing debate, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No.'718.
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all debate in relation to books terminate in ten
minutes.
The motion was a'greed to.
• enrolled joint resolution and bills.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
ou Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 127) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1867, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 191) to amend an act
making a grant of lands to the State of Min-
nesota, to aid in the construction of the rail-
road from St. Paul to Lake Superior, approved
May 5, 1864; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 149) declaratory
of the law of bounty.
becess.
Mr. THAYER. I - move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. If the House should ad-
journ now it would have the effect to dispense
with the evening session.
Mr. THAYER. Then I -withdraw the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The House can, by unan-
imous consent, take a recess now till this even-
ing.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move, then, that by
unanimous consent the House now take a
recess. Only five minutes of the afternoon
session remain.
There being no objection, the motion of Mr.
Garfield was agreed to ; end the House (at
twenty-five minutes after four o'clock p. nr.)
took a recess till half past seven.
EVEXIXO SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
tariff bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move thatthe rules be sus-
pended and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union oil the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 718, to provide
increased revenue from imports, and for other
purposes.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Pattersox.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do riot propose to
say much upon this subject. I have here a
letter which I shall presently ask to have read.
But before doing so I wish to refer to a single
remark made this afternoon by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
The gentleman says certain books have been
taken from America to be published in Eng-
land and brought back for a dollar which cost
three dollars here. I am glad to hear that,
sir. It is only decreasing the cost of litera-
ture in this country of general intelligence. It
seems to me it should be our policy to make
these books as free as possible, so that every
child in the land may have access to them,
whereby to fit it for iflsefulness in the future.
We want skilled labor. We want that ingenuity
which only comes by mental discipline. We
want that comprehension of mind which can
only come by having, with skilled intelligence,
the discoveries brought out in Europe and pub-
lished in books which come from there. It
seems to me, while we should look to the great
industrial interests of the country, we should
especially look to the,intelligence of the coun-
try. I am told by a friend it will throw many
females out of employment if we do not pro-
tect the publishing interest in this country. It
will throw a great many children out of the
schools if we do not protect them in cheap
books, if we do not furnish them with books
which they cannot obtain in any publishing
house here. I ask the Clerk to read the letter
which I send up, as it states the case clearly.
The Clerk read as follows;
I want to present to you a few considerations re-
garding the proposed tariff on books.
The house of -which I am a member holds the
American agency for the Tauchnitz collection of
British authors, and does a general importing busi-
ness in the class of books used by scholars in special
subjects, and not generally found in the American,
market. While gold averaged about two hundred
these branches of business stopped. The importation
of all articles of necessity aad of those articles of lux-
ury which appealed to people's vanities and physical
appetites went on as vigorously as ever. This proves
that, partly from the proverbial poverty of scholars
and partly from the subordinate interest bestowed
upon books by those who are not scholars, books can-
not be imported at the same cost that most other
articles can. Even with the present premium on gold
and the present tariff, we are constantly receiving
letters from eminent men—the fountains of the coun- -
try's knowledge—saying,44 We want to do so and so
when gold comes down or when the tariff is removed."
If the proposed tariff goes into effect it will produce
the same results regarding books as the very high
premiums on gold did during the war. The people
who now use them cannot or will not afFord to buy
foreign books: that source of knowledge will be shut
off, and the Government will be deprived of what
revenue it now has from it. *
To this objectors say, the tariff is intended to pro-
tect our own book-makers, and we can supply the
demand at home. To this there are three answers:
1. Our book-makers do not needprotection. 2. They
would have no right to this kind of protection if they
did. 3. If they were to get it they could not supply
the demand.
1. Our book-makers do not need protection. My
business is about equally divided between publish-
ing and importing, therefore I know what I speak of
when I say that thebook-makersoftheUnited States
never had another year so prosperous as the one clos-
ing January 1,1866. Printing offices and binderies
were so crowded that it was almost impossible to get
work done, and the rates chargcd were enormous.
Of course these rates were profitable, for the demand
was so great that almost any price could be com-
manded. In my whole acquaintance, I have never
heard it alleged that book-making here is not justly
profitable. It is said that foreign houses can com-
pete, and therefore this tariff is sought by men who,
not claiming that their gains are too small, yet wish
to increase them by shutting off competition. Now,
on examining the nature of this competition, I think
you will recognize the truth of my second assertion,
that
. 2. The American book-makers would have no
right to the kind of protection they seek, even if they
needed it. You know that it is one of our national
disgraces that we have never followed the examplo
of other civilized nations and made an international
copyright law. This disgrace rests upon us because
of the wealth and influence of certain reprinters of
foreign books. With the American books thus printed,
foreign books come into competition, and with them
alone, as our own copyright law protects all others
against the importation of rival editions. Now it is,
from the nature of the case, only against the original
edition of books reprinted here that our publishers
can want protection. In other words, some of the
publishers have to this day succeeded in making our
Jaw sayto them," You may steal asyou will without
being interfered with," and now they want through
this tariff to make the law say, "Moreover I will
secure for your stolen goods the monopoly of the
market."
3. If the American publishers were to succeed in
shutting out foreign books, as this tariff weuld, they
would be unable to supply the demand by home man-
ufactures. The demand is so small for many foreign
books, and those many of the most important, that it
would never pay to issue a special edition here. As
you are aware, the main expense of book-making ia
in settingup the type and cutting the illustrations.
After this is done copies can be produced cheaply.
Now, for the most important scientific works in all
departments, the demand is generally great enough
throughout the whole world to pay this original ex-
pense once. In the United States the demand is in
proportion to our youth, and we use rather less than
our share according to numerical standards of popu-
lation. That these books should be reproduced here
is simply out of tho question. Our house is agent for
Trubner of London, and we are constantly importing
books, from one to a dozen copies of each, for uien -
who reallyshape the thought of tho country. When
gold was about twenty-five, the scholars who had
been so long deprived of these books began to make
a rush for them. Now with gold at fifty they resign
themselves to wait. If the proposed tariff passes, they
will ha/ye to wait for^ wiser legislation. As a pub-
lisher, I would think it a better business speculation
to throw money away than to attempt to reproduce
these books, for in tho latter case I would have labor
aaaed to loss. It is not for scientific and rare books
alone, however, that the tariffis to be avoided. You
know the publications of Bohn, of London, which are
reaily the basis of most of the good private libraries
of the country. I select them as an example. Bo you
realize that the proposed tariff will increase the prico
of those books to tho retail buyer, about sixty cents
mgold? The same can be said of the ordinary li-
brary editioHsof French and Oeria&B literature. The
