198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Niagara Falls Sliip-Qanal—Mr. Humphrey.
39th Cons. ... 1st Sess.
waste of paper ; no individuals could be found
to invest money upon the strength of such legis-
lation.
Again, Mr. Speaker, in the year 1817 this
very question was raised. James Madison,
' then President of the United States, gave his
opinion upon the exercise of this power by Con-
gress. I quote his words from his message
vetoing the act of Congress entitled "An act
to set apart and pledge certain funds for inter-
nal improvements."
"Having considered the bill this day presented to
me entitled 'An act to set apart and pledge certain
funds for internal improvements,' and which sots
apart and pledges funds ' for constructing roads and
canals and improving tile navigation ofwater-courscs,
in order to facilitate, promote, and give security to
internal commerce among the several States and to
render more easy and less expensive the means and
provisionsforthecommon defense,'lam constrained
by the insuperable difficulty I feel in reconciling the
bill with the Constitution of the United States, to
return it with that objection to the House of Repre-
sentatives, in which it originated.
" The legislative powers vested in Congress are spe-
cified and enumerated intheeighthscctionofthefirst
article of the Constitution; and itdoes not appear that
thepowerproposed to he exercised by the bill is among
tlio enumerated powers, or that it falls, by any just
interpretation, within the power tomakelaws neces-
sary and proper for carrying into execution these or
othor powers vested by the Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
"' The power to regulate commerce among the sev-
eral States' cannot,include apowertoconstruetroads
and canals and to improve the navigation of water-
courses, in order to facilitate, promote, and secure
such a commerco without a latitude of construction
departing from the ordinary import of the terms,
strengthened by the known inconvenienccs which
doubtless led to the grant of this remedial power to
Congress.
"To refer the power in question to the clause 'to
providoiorthecomraon delense and gencralwelfare,'
would be contrary to the established and eonsistont
rules of interpretation, us rendering tho special and
careful enumeration of powers which follow the clause
nugatory and improper. Such a view of the Consti-
tution would have the effect of giving to Congress a
general power of legislation, instead of the defined
and limited onchitlierto understood to bclongto them,
the terms ' common defense and general welfare' em-
bracing evciy object and act within the purview of a
legislative trust. It would have the effect of subject-
ing both the Constitution and laws of the several
States in all oases not specifically exempted to be
superseded by laws of Congress, it being expressly
declared ' that the Constitution of the United States
a.nd laws made in pursuance thereof, shall bo the
supremo law of tho land, and the judges of every
Statu shall bo bound thereby, anything m the consti-
tution or laws of any State to tho contrary notwith-
standing.' Such a view of tho Constitution, finally,
would have the effectof excludingthejudicial author-
ity ofthoUnited States from its participation in guard-
ing the bounding between tho legislative powers of
tho General and the State governments, inasmuch as
questions relating to the general welfare being ques-
tions of policy and expediency are unsusceptible of
judicial cognizance and decision."
The next year James Monroe, in his first
annual message, in speaking of this power used
this language:
"When wc consider the. vast extent of territory
within thcUnitcd States, the great amount and value
of its productions, the connection of its parts, and
other circumstances on which their prosperity and
happiness depend, wc cannot fail to entertain a high
sense ot tho advantago to be derived from the facil-
ity which may be in the intercourse between them
by ineans of good roads and canals.
" Never did a country of such va^t extent offer
equal inducements to improvements of this kind, nor
over were consequences of such magnitude involved
m them. As this subject was aetod on by Congress
at the last session, and there may bo a disposition to
revive it at the present, I have brought it into view
lor tho purpose ot communicating my sentiments on
a very itnpoitant ciicumstance connected with it
with that freedom and eandorwhieli a, regard for the
public interest and a proper respect for Congress re-
quire. A difference of opinion has existed from tho
first formation of our Constitution to the present
time amongour most enlightened and virtuous cit-
izens respecting tho right of Congress to establish
such a system of improvement. Taking into view
the trust with which I am now honored, it would be
improper, alter what has passed, that this discussion
should be revived with an uncertainty of my opinion
respecting the right.
"Disregarding early impressions, I have bestowed
on the subject all the deliberation which its great
importance and a just sense of my duty required, and
the result is a settled conviction in my mind that
Congress do not.possess the right. Itisnot contained
in any of the specified powers granted to Congress;
nor can I consider it incident to or a necessary mean
viewed on the, most liberal seaie for carrying into
effect any of the powers which are specially granted.
Ill communicating this result I cannot resist the ob-
ligation which i feel to suggest to Congress the pro-
priety of recommending to the States tho adoption
of an amendment to the Constitution which shall
give to Congress the right in question."
General Jackson, in his veto of the Maysville
road bill, used this language:
"The constitutional power of the Federal Govern-
ment to construct or promote works of internal im-
provement presents itself in two points of view: the
first, as bearing upon the sovereignty of the States
within whose limits their execution is contemplated,
if jurisdiction of the territory which they may occupy
beclaimed asnecessary to their preservation and use/
the second, as asserting the simple right to appropri-
ate money from the national Treasury in aid of such
works, when undertaken by State authority, surren-
dering the claim of jurisdiction. In the first view,
the question of power is an open one, and can be
decided without the embarrassments attending the
other, arising from the practice of the Government.
Although frequently and strenuously attempted, the
power,to this extent,has neverbeen exercised bythe
Government in a single instance. It does not, in my
opinion, possess it: and no bill, therefore,which admits
it can receive my official sanction."
It is suggested by my friend on the right that
it is idle to spend any time in reading to this
House either the Constitution or the expositions
which has been given to it by those who have
gone before us, and who I have always been
taught to believe were quite as well acquainted
with the proper interpretation of that instru-
ment as we are, and quite as honest in their
attempts to give it a correct interpretation; but
I have yet faith, and I yet believe that in this
Congress, after members shall have an oppor-
tunity and shall avail themselves of it, to exam-
ine this question, there will be no such thing
done as to pass a law iu direct violation of the
provisions of the Constitution. This much in
relation to constitutional power.
I do not deny that the Federal Government
has made donations time and time again ; and
that, under the very last proposition alluded to
by General Jackson, they have exercised the
power. Hut I submit that, there can be no
question as to the unconstitutionality of this
bill, in respect to the sovereign power to take
the territory and property of a State against its
will and without its consent. If thisbillshould
pass, and the honorable gentleman from Ohio
has suggested that no member from the West
would dare to vote against it, then f hope the
constitutional lawyers that represent tho West,
for many of whom I have the highest regard—
for I have sat here for four or five months and
listened with great interest to their discus-
sions of constitutional and legal questions;
and whether I agree or disagree with them is
immaterial, for I concede their ability to judge
upon these questions—I hope that they will
give this question a careful and candid consid-
eration, notwithstanding it is intimated that
there is not a man in the West who dare vote
against this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will leave the further
discussion of this important proposition of con-
stitutional power with one further suggestion ;
and during the time which I may have in
another morning hour, I will endeavor to dis-
cuss the practical facts in connection with this
scheme. Does any man believe that this body
will legislate for the benefit of the commerce
of the country as well as the States have done?
Does anybody believe that we here know as
well what is demanded in the State of Illinois
as tho Legislature of Illinois? Just so is it
with New Y ork; just so it is with all the eastern
Slates. I therefore say, leave this question to
the States to act upon this matter; leave it to
the private enterprise of the individuals who
make up the State; those individuals who are
full of enterprise, and who do not want to come
here to lobby bills through, but who prefer to
go to their own States, where the people will
understand what they want. I ask again, will
not just and honest legislation be promoted by
leaving this matter to the States themselves
and not assume it for the Federal Govern-
ment?
[Here the hammer fell, the morning hour
having expired.]
Tuesday, May 1, 1866.
The same subject being taken up again for con-
sideration—
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY said:
Mr. Speaker : The project of connecting the
waters of Lakes Erie and Ontario by means
of a canal has engaged the attention of com-
mercial men and capitalists for the last sixty
years. In the year 1798 a Niagara ship-canal
company was incorporated. Since that time
three other acts or extensions of the same have
been granted by the State of New York, but
the scheme could never present sufficient merit
to induce capitalists to even invest money
enough to pay the cost of organizing a com-
pany. In the mean time the State of New York
has built and enlarged the Erie and Oswego
canals, and private enterprise has built the New
York Central and Erie railroads to accommo-
date the trade that we are now told is pressing
for an outlet through this canal. The Canadian
government, also, at an early day thought it saw
an opportunity to divert the western commerce
through its territory, and built the Welland
canal, which was completed about 1835. This
canal has a capacity for passing boats of five
hundred tons burden, double that of the New
York canals. The tolls are merely nominal,
and during the last five years there has been
less business done on it than there was during
the first five years after its completion. Private
enterprise, aided by the British, Government,
in the mean time has built the Grand Trunk and
the Great Western railroads, at an expense of
over one hundred million dollars, and all to
accommodate this western trade. A railroad
has even been built on the banks of this canal,
which now does most of the business formerly
done upon it.
Commerce, like water, finds its own level,
and is regulated by the law of supply and de-
mand : it must have its general commercial
center; and every country has its own com-
mercial center from which the people get their
commercial values and make their exchanges,
and to which the surplus production of their
staples are sent to market. The people of the
United States recognize New York as ourgreat
commercial center; and although Boston, Phil-
adelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans, Cincinnati,
St. Louis, and Chicago, are centers for local
values, yet it cannot be denied that New York
is the great controlling center of all our com-
mercial values and the place of shipment for
our surplus productions. This being the fact,
and that the great West is the chief grain-grow-
ing basin of the world being also a fact, it
becomes a commercial (not military) necessity
to transport the surplus productions of the
West to the East by the most direct, safe, and
cheapest route possible. Is the Niagara ship-
canal that route or a necessary link in it?
This canal would be of little benefit to through
shipments in years when a foreign market is
supplied from other sources, as has been the
case for the last three years.
The exports from the United States from the
1st of September, 1864, to the 12th of June,
1865, to Great Britain, were only 1,G15,083
bushels of wheat, 225,520 bushels of corn, and
97,844 barrels of flour, the percentage being
only five of flour, nine and one half of wheat,
and two of corn, on what it was in 1861 and
1862 for the same period. Ocean freights have
not stood in the way ; wheat and corn have been
taken in steamships from New York to Liver-
pool for nothing, and three cents has been an
outside figure the most of the season; flour has
been taken at'sixpence to tenpence per barrel.
These figures do not look favorable for a direct
route via the St. Lawrence and tho Atlantic
ocean. If we had a ship-canal given to us we
could not have used it for that purpose. New
York is the sea-port of this country for grain
shipments. At New York we meet the ships
of the world and orders for grain, if any, and
we there meet the sale for our own country
