1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2639
offering to a good and faithful public servant
who has served all the Administrations from
John Quiney Adams down to this day, and I
believe has enjoyed the confidence of all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on Fon?ign Relations, as has been stated
by the honorable chairman, were unanimous in
thinking that the compensation of all the clerks
in.the Department of State should be raised.
They therefore authorized him, as he has said,
to propose an amendment increasing them
twenty per cent. That was offered in good
faith, and of course 'supported in good faith by
all the members of the committee; but we have
found that it is impossible to have it done. The
Senate entertain a different opinion; and the
committee are not only now aware that in their
judgment at least an additional compensation
should be given to Mr. Hunter, but that the
Senate almost universally concur in that opin-
ion. I submit, therefore, to my friend from In-
diana whether it is actually just, bccause he is
unable to compensate all the clerks of the De-
partment, to refuse to compensate one as to
whose services we all concur and in whoso in-
creased compensation we all unite.
I agree with him that they are very badly
paid, and I have often been surprised at their
being able to live at all with the salaries they
receive, not merely in the Department of State
but the clerks in the Departments generally.
I think it very bad policy to keep them in the
service of the country at a rate of compensation
evidently not adequate to their support. It
appears to me to present temptations that they
may bo unable to resist. I have no reason to
suppose that they have not been able to resist
them ; but I think it is bad policy to have in the
employ of the Government particularly in the
Treasury Department, officers of this descrip-
tion who have very much to do with the actual
administration of the finances of the country,
upon salaries which are certainly inadequate to
support even any one of them who may be with-
out a family; and how they live as some of them
do, with families consisting of a wife and sev-
eral children, how they even manage to feed
them, much less to educate them, has always
been a mystery to me. I would therefore
unite most cordially with the honorable mem-
ber from Indiana in having them all increased;
but that we are not able to accomplish now.
I hope he will permit us at-least, and those
who think with him that the chief clerk of this
particular Department is not paid enough look-
ing to his long and faithful service, to adopt
this amendment which gives him a rate of com-
pensation by no means exaggerated.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that I am
perfectly content to pay Mr. Hunter $3,500,
and if the Senator from Massachusetts-will put
his propbsition in such a shape that I can con-
sistently do so, I will vote for it with great
pleasure. We all know the services Mr. Hun-
ter has rendered to the country in that Depart-
ment. I believe that it would, be well to have
a second Assistant Secretary of State there;
and if the Senator from Massachusetts will put
his amendment in that s^iape I will vote for it
most cheerfully; but this idea of singling out
Mr. Hunter as the only clerk in all the Depart-
ments of the Government who is to receive an
additional compensation is invidious, unkind
to the rest of the clerks, and will be attended
with very bad consequences, I think, in the
future. I can see very well how we are going
to bo annoyed, when other appropriation bills
come up, with clerks, friends of ours, who will
come here and be constantly importuning to
have themselves named, and then we shall
have a personal discussion upon the merits
and qualifications of each one of those clerks
whose name may be suggested by a member
from his State or by a member of the Senate
who may be interested in him.
Mr. SUMNER. There is an easy answer to
my friend from Iowa, and if I can have liis
attention I think lie will be satisfied, though he
is not very easily satisfied where he has made
up his mind the other way. I am told that not
very long ago a proposition was made to Mr.
Hunter that he should become what the Sena-
tor fuom Iowa proposes now, Assistant Secre-
tary of Slate. He did not enter into the idea;
it was not agreeable to him; and for this rea-
son: he-saw that the office of Assistant Secre-
tary of State would bo a political office to be
changed with the change of Administration.
He had been there as a public servant know-
ing only his\;ountry for more than thirty years,
and he preferred to continue with the humbler
title, so I am assured, rather than have another
title which might subject him to the vicissitudes
of our polities. Now, if we should carry out
the idea of the Senator from Iowa, which I
know he presents in good faith, wo know not
that Mr. Hunter would not at the close of this
Administration be ejected, with others in a
similar situation. I wish to give liim this com-
pliment now in his declining years and to assure
to him a position from which according to the
course of things under our Government he will
not bo ejected. I wish to give him something
which shall be an assurance of the future.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall vote against this
proposition, for the reason which I before gave.
I was anxious to have it put into good shape
in case the Senate should pass it, and therefore
suggcstcd'the modification. I shall vote against
it, not that I am opposed to Mr. Hunter having
an increase of salary, for I * think he ought to
have it, because I esteem him to be a very val-
uable man, and he has been there so many
years that he is almost indispensable. With
regard to the objection which the Senator from
Massachusetts makes to the suggestion of the
Senator from Iowa, I will only say that he will
be equally liable to removal as chief clerk
as he would be as Second Assistant Secretary ;
but my own opinion is that no Administration
coming in there could or would dispense with
him, whatever position he might fill. Mr. Hun-
ter is not a political man in any sense. In my
judgment no new Secretary of State could get
along for twenty-four hours without Mr. Hun-
ter's aid and his knowledge of the affairs of the
office. A man might write dispatches exceed-
ingly well; but as to managing the office, lie
could not do it unless he had more experience
than any new man has, coming in there, or
any man gets who stays there for years. He
is the factotum, in my judgment, in regard to
most of the things done there.
But my objection is twofold. I stated it
frankly to the honorable Senator. I do not
like it on this bill. To be sure, there is a pro-
vision on this bill which looks something like
it, but that was put on in the other House, and
we did not see fit to strike it out, it being here,
because we did not want to differ with the
House of Representatives on that subject. But
that does not, to my mind, justify putting on
another incongruous provision. I think the
proper place for a provision creating a new
civil office, and providing a salary for it, is on
the legislative and executive appropriation bill,
which is now on our tables and will be taken
up by and by.
In the second place, I do not like the idea of
naming a particular individual in this way,
although it might have the effect the honorable
Senator supposes. To name him personally,
and give him the additional compensation as
chief clerk, would be productive of the evils
which are spoken of. 1 would rather make for
him something in the nature of a permanent
position, as suggested by the Senator from Towa.
That ho ought to have an increase of salary,
from his very long services and his position in
the Department, acting, as he does very, fre-
quently, as Secretary of State, I am entirely
satisfied; and that I sh'ould bo willing to vote
for; but in the position in which the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts has seen fit
to place the proposition, it cannot receive my
vote, although 1 do not feel disposed to make
any active and strenuous opposition to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Senator would bo for a proposition to make
him Assistant Secretary?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not on this bill.
Mr. Gill MES. You can carry it in thatshape.
Mr. SUMNER. It is just as much in order
on "this bill as is the proposition to make a
Solicitor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 admit that.
Mr. GUTHRIE. The chief clerk of this
Department, I have no doubt, is very essential
to the office, and no new Secretary would like
to undertake the business without the infor-
mation possessed by him, or by some one who
had been for some time in the office, and had -
taken some pains to understand the business.
This gentleman knows more about our rela-
tions with all the Governments of the world
than any other individual in the State Depart-
ment. lie has been there a very long time ;
he has frequently discharged the duties of Sec-
retary of State, and he is very inadequately
paid. I confess that I thought, when the place
of Assistant Secretary of State was created, it
should have been offered to him, and he should
have had the additional compensation which
that place would have given him. I am in
favor, however, of giving him additional com-
pensation in some form, because it is a real
necessity at the present time. If gentlemen .
can put the proposition in any more appropri-
ate form than that in which it is now presented,
f shall be glad, because I feel constrained, know-
ing this individual and his essential services to
the Government, to vote for an increase.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The Secretary will call the roll
on the amendment of tho Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes to with-
draw the amendment and offer one in a differ-
ent form.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to substitute
a proposition following out the suggestion of
tho Senator from Iowa, and I am drawing it
up now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will move one or two
amendments in the meantime.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw the pres-
ent amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. For the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It maybe
withdrawn by unanimous consent, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. The Chair
hears no objection and the amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
bill by adding at the end of section two theso
words:
To commcnce on tho 1st day of July, 1866, and tho
amount necessary to pay tho same is hereby appro-
priated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it will be in
order to move to strike out the whole of sec-
tion two, after that amendment shall have been
made, because I intend to make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will then be in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think we should
go on making these Solicitors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let him perfect the
section first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move in line ninety-
nine of section one to insert the word "five"
after "twenty" and before " thousand;" so as
to make the gross appropriation for salaries,
of consuls general, consuls, and commercial
agents ยง425,000. We have provided for some
new salaried officers here, and it may be well
therefore to add $5,000 to the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to strike out
section two of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will
allow me to finish my amendment.
