3600
THE CO J\T(arKESSIQJSTAL GLOBE.
July 5,
recent discoveries, it enters very largely into
these interests, it seems to me that it is a most
extraordinary proposition that we should un-
dertake to increase the price of salt in the man-
ner in which the bill, as reported, will do it.
In looking at the remarks made by the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means when the revenue bill was presented,
I find this language used by him:
"The bill proposes to wholly exempt from taxation
many articles; and to largely reduce it upon others,
and among these will be found slaughtered animals,
salt, sugar, starch, coal, soap, vinegar, saleratus,
clothing, and boots and shoes."
And now here is what he says in this con-
nection :
"These exemptions and reductions will lessen fam-
ily expenditures and be a relief to all classes of tlie
community."
Now, Mr. Chairman, put these two bills to-
gether, and it is a most extraordinary il relief
to all classes of the community.." Instead of
leaving salt where it was, the two bills increase
the expense of every barrel of salt to the amount
of sixty-six cents per barrel. I am decidedly
opposed to helping all the families of the coun-
try and the whole community by any such oper-
ation as this.
Mr. Chairman, there is another consideration
which, it seems to me, must have escaped the
distinguished chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means when he prepared this bill,
and increased the present rates of duty upon
salt from twenty-four cents to forty-two cents,
and from eighteen cents to thirty cents. By the
revenue bill, upon which I understand both
Houses have now agreed, there has been a
reduction of four cents and two mills on each
one hundred pounds ; more than half the inter-
nal tax has been taken off. Now, when you
increase the tariff, the consequence is simply
this, to enable these parties who are engaged in
the manufacture of salt to put into their pockets
a large sum of money which is taken from the
labor and industry of the country. Every rich
man and every poor man when he sits down to
a repast uses this article, and I submit that the
language of the distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, which I'have
quoted, is exceedingly pertinent in the consid-
eration of this question.
He says "these exemptions and reductions
will lessen family expenditures, and be a relief
to all classes of the community." Now, I
have made a little estimate of the revenue
which this bill, in connection with the internal
revenue bill, will take from the revenues of
the Government. It is estimated that there
. are five million barrels of salt used in this
country in each year, two million four hundred
thousand barrels of which is domestic salt.
Now, the difference between seven cents and
two mills and three cents upon a hundred
pounds under the internal revenue bill will
make upon that amount the sum of 31,320,000
which the Government will lose, which is taken
right away from the Government. Now, I
desire to call attention to the salt interest in
the State of New York.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HART. - I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Humpheey.] I
am surprised that he should stand here upon
this floor ami speak against an interest of his
own State in which so large an amount of cap-
ital is invested. He has made some very
extraordinary statements. He says that we
propose to increase the tariff on salt to the ex-
tent of sixty-six cents per barrel. Even if we
should take the figures which he has presented
here, it would show an increase of only about
fitty cents per barrel. Now the real fact is,
that about seventy per cent, of all the salt im-
ported is imported in bulk, while the remain-
ing thirty per cent, is imported in bags. The
increase is, therefore, really only about thirty-
eight cents per barrel on the average. And
there is a great deal of such ad captandum
argument here, a great deal of talk about salt
being a great necessity of life, that it was wanted
by the poor man, and that it enters into the
consumption of all classes, and therefore it
should be furnished as cheaply as possible.
Now, I do not know any reason why our
manufactures of cotton, of woolen fabrics^ or
any other articles of similar character, should
be protected more than the manufacture of
salt. The fact is that it is estimated that the
per capita consumption of salt in the United
States is, estimated to be_ about forty-two
pounds a year. And the increased cost to
each individual of the proposed increase of
duty would be the petty-sum of six cents; that
is all that it will amount to. In the present
condition of the salt manufacture in the Uni-
ted States it is absolutely impossible to pro-
duce salt at a profit at present prices. For-
merly we could get labor at ten shillings per
day; now we have to pay $2 50 per day.
Wood we used to get at ten and fourteen shil-
lings and two dollars per cord, and now it is
$3 50 per cord. We could formerly purchase
barrels at from eighteen to twenty cents each ;
now they cost from forty to forty-five cents
each.
Salt is now manufactured at a cost of $2 10
a barreljn the city of Syracuse. It was sold
last year in Chicago at $2 25 per barrel, leav-
ing but about fifteen cents to pay.expense of
transportation, &c. Now, it is impossible for
our salt manufacturers to compete with the salt
manufacturers of Great Britain. There they
have labor far cheaper than we have; they
have coal at one dollar a ton, while in this
country coal is anywhere from eight dollars to
fifteen dollars a ton. Salt can be brought over
here at a merely nominal freight. And very
many of those bags and packages in which the
salt is brought over are «old at a profit on the
cost abroad ; thus reducing in many instances
the entire duty on salt.
Now, unless some relief, such as is presented
in this bill is afforded, the salt interest in this
country must suspend entirely. The Committee
of Ways and Means have notgiven as much duty
on salt as has been asked for by the salt man-
ufacturers. It was thought that the least rates
that would be satisfactory were thirty-six and
fifty. But the committee have thought proper
to report the figures contained in this bill, and
the manufacturers have agreed to acquiesce in
that report. I trust that no member of this
House who pretends to be a protectionist, who
pretends to be in favor of protecting the neces-
saries of life, I do not care what they are, that
are manufactured in this country, will vote for
the amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Hum-
phrey.]
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the rates fifty cents and
thirty-six cents. Unlike my friend from the
Buffalo district of the State of New York, [Mr.
Humphrey,] I can say that the delegates from
my State are unanimous in support of the tariff
as reported by the bill. Now, they do not live
in my district, where the salt of our State is
produced, any more than the gentleman from
Buffalo lives at Syracuse where the salt of New
York is produced.
Mr. Chairman, the States of New York,
Michigan, West Virginia, Ohio, and Pennsyl-
vania are all interested in fa,vor of the duty
agreed upon by the Committee of Ways and
Means on salt, especially the three first named,
I in which perhaps two thirds of all the saltpro-
i duced in the United States is manufactured,
j Saginaw, in my district in the State of Michi-
i gan, can produce, when relieved from ruinous
! foreign competition, five thousand barrels per
j day, and yet the average production within the
j last year has not been one thousand, most of
j the works being closed for the very good rea-
j son that foreign salt costing only ten to twelve
j cents per bushel at Liverpool is brought out
j in ballast and landed here at a cost of less
j than one dollar per barrel, while to produce it
I here, including the internal revenue tax direct
! and indirect, it costs about two dollars per
| barrel.- *
j Ihus it will be seen that the foreign article
! can be s6ld for two shillings per barrel less than
the domestic and yet make a profit of seventy-
five per cent., while the domestic producer to
sell at that price would be losing two shillings
per barrel, which many of them have been
doing to keep their works running, in anticipa-
tion that Congress would give them at least a
partial protection which the duty recommended
by the committee will only afford. Early in the
session the members from the States named
above met the representatives from the various
salt interests of the country in this city, and
after a full discussion of the subject at several
meetings, in view of the consideration that salt
being a necessity of life should be secured to
the consumer at as low a figure as justice to
the producer would permit, they agreed to and
did, through a committee, present to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and recommended
that the duty be fixed at thirty-six cents in bulk,
fifty cents in bags and barrels, in lieu of which
the committee have reported only in favor of
thirty cents in bulk and forty-two cents in bags
and barrels. Now it is proposed by the amend-
ment to reduce it still lower, which if done will
be a great injustice and ruinous to the salt pro-
ducers of the country.
At Saginaw there is a capital of over two
millions invested in this interest, and I am con-
fident to reduce it below the amount fixed by
the committee would be to close the works now
in operation. The present tariff is eighteen
and twenty-four cents, and the increase asked
for, considering the amount consumed per an-
num in the United States, when divided among
all the inhabitants, would not amount to over
five cents per head. Nor would it in all prob-
ability increase the salt per barrel over twenty-
five cents, Mr. Chairman, as the Represent-
ative of an interest in which my constituents
are so largely and directly interested, I had
thought it my duty to ask the House to in-
crease the duty to thirty-six and fifty cents,
but believing the Committee of Ways and Means
have intended to act justly under all the cir-
cumstances I shall submit to its decision, and
appeal to the House t'o act justly also; to vote
down the amendment and sustain the com-
mittee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, I oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Driggs.] I do not know that it is
possible to effect any reduction of the duties
levied upon any article in this bill; but it seems
to me that if the bill contains one item on which
the duties aft fixed at too high a rate, it is this
article of salt. Salt, as we all know, enters
into the consumption of every family in the
land. Now, sir, whatever may be said in other
eases in respect to the effect of the duty upon
the price of the article, it is clear that the cost
of salt to my constituents will be increased
precisely to the amount of this duty. Here is
a proposition to increase the duty on salt from
eighteen to forty-two cents per one hundred
pounds. Now, sir, my constituents in the State
of Missouri are obliged to use foreign salt;
and this increase of duty is equivalent to a tax
of one hundred and twenty-five to one hundred
and fifty per cent, on the article. It must be
obvious how seriously this must affect the great
packing interest of the W est.
The gentleman from Michigan spoke of the
salt-works in his own State. But, sir, who
does not know that the extent of country that
Can be supplied by those works is necessarily
quite limited? The salt they manufacture never
can, to any considerable extent, compete in
the State of Missouri with foreign salt. With
respect to this article of salt as well as many
other articles, this bill increases the duty with
no corresponding benefit to us, with the excep-
tion, perhaps, of the small increase of the duty
on wool, which is very trifling.
Mr. MORIilLL. If the gentleman from
Missouri will allow me a moment, I desire to
say—as I may not have another opportunity
—that this is a question upon which 1 differ
with the majority of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and where I reserved the right to
vote for the lower rates. I am willing to vote
