616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
verse report upon the petition of Robert Morris;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
■william john harding.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, made an adverse
report upon a bill (H. R. No. 137) fortherafcef
of William John Harding; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
dayid elliott and george h. a. ktjnst.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, made an adverse
report upon the petition of David Elliott and
George H. A. Kunst; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
harrison ringgold.
Mr. "WARD, fromthesanie committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Harri-
son Binggold for compensation for property
destroyed t which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations,
abill making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment, for the year ending June 30, 1867 ; which
was read a iirst and second time, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of tie
Union, and made the special order for Monday,
the 12th instant, after the morning hour, and
from day to day until disposed of; and ordered
to be printed.
thomas poster.
Mr. STEVENS also, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Appropriations, re-
ported back the petition of John Foster, chief
messenger in the Third Auditor's office, Treas-
ury Department, and moved that the same be
referred to the-Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
charles ii. torrjsy.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition
of Charles II. Torrey; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to bo printed.
r. l. b. clarke.
Mr. NIBLACK also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the petition of R. L. 15.
Clarke ; and moved that Ike .same be referred
to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
„ abelard guthiue.
Mr. NIBLACK also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill for the relief of
Abelard (iuthric ; and moved that the same be
referred to (he Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
iiu.vity haves,
Mr. THORXTt >N, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the memorial of
Henry Ilayes ; which was laid on the table, and
Ordered to be printed.
harrison gill.
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Harrison Gill.
Mr. McKEE. T understood in committee
that this ease was not to be reported upon until
wo had had some further action upon it.
Mr. THORNTON. I know there was some
conversation in committee, but my understand-
ing was that, upon the memorial and vouchers
as presented, ihe committee had agreed to re-
port adversely upon this claim.
Mr. McKEE. My understanding was that
the report was not to be made for the present.
Mr. THORNTON. Very well; then I will
withdraw it.
1 he report was accordingly withdrawn.
colonel r. e. bryant.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the benefit of Colonel R. E.
Bryant, late commissary of subsistence, &c.;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be read at length.
The bill was read. It directs the proper ac-
counting officer of the Treasury Department to
allow Colonel R. E. Bryant, late commissary
of subsistence, on a settlement of his accounts,
a credit of $1,484 13, the vouchers and accounts
for which were lost or destroyed, falling into
the hands of the enemy at Holly Springs, Mis-
sissippi, on the 20t,h of September, 1862, if on
examining the evidence the Commissary Gen-
eral shall deem him justly entitled to the credit;
but the same is not to be allowed -without the
Commissary General shall certify his approval
thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
reading of the report, and it was read.
It states that Colonel Bryant kept all his
accounts correctly and had proper vouchers for
them ; but that one voucher for $1,088 03 was
lost in the course of transmission to the proper
Department; that another voucher for S395 50
was destroyed, together with Colonel Bryant's
books and papers, at the capture of Holly
Springs, Mississippi, on the 20th of December,
"1802 ; that by reason of this destruction of his
books and papers Colonel Bryant eould not
make reports covering the deficits.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the bill
provides that this credit shall not be allowed
except upon examination by the Commissary
General, 1 shall not object to the passage of the
bill, as I should otherwise do.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say, in connection with this bill, that there
are many other cases of the same class, ami it
occurs to me that there should be some general
la\v to eovcr such cases. There is a law, Feb-
ruary 7, IKlifi, which provides fortho settlement
of all claims of this kind where the rank of the
olliccr is not higher than a captain. This case
is excluded from the operation of that law.
I have no objection whatever to the passage
of this bill; but 1 take this opportunity to sug-
gest, to the committee the propriety of preparing
a geueial bill embracing all cases of this kind,
so as to dispense with the necessity of legislating
here upon each separate ease. The settlement
of these claims, like claims for commissary
stores captured, should properly be intrusted
to either the Commissary General or the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I differ
with my friend from Pennsylvania as to the pro-
priety of passing any general law to cover cases
of this sort. If there are any individual cases
which are meritorious, we have abundant time
to pass upon them. I doubt whether a general
law could be so framed as to embrace only cases
really meritorious.
Mr. RAXDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, ( take issue with the gentleman from
Illinois. I think that bills of this character do
not, generally receive in this House that degree
of consideration to which often their merits
entitle them. Cases of t his sort are much more
likely to receive proper examination at the
hands of some appropriate executive officer,
whose sworn duty it shall be to examine them
carefully. In this way, too, the interests of the.
Treasury would be more effectually guarded
than they frequently are in instances where
special legislation is obtained to meet particu-
lar cases. I do not mean to intimate that the
committee do not give these cases all the inves-
tigation in their power ; but, they have not, the
time which an executive officer of the Govern-
ment. charged with the. examination of such
matters, would have. I am in favor of a gene-
ral law. under which some responsible officer
or officers of the Government shall be charged
with the examination of cases of this descrip-
tion. 1 think that these losses should not be
thrown upon the Government without the most
careful consideration.
Mr. McKEE. With due deference to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I think we need no
general law on this subject. A general law,
instead of relieving us from embarrassment,
would only tend to create confusion. This is
one of a class of eases which no general law
can possibly reach, but which must be acted
upon individually, according to their respective
merits. The bill, in this case, provides that,
before credit shall be given, satisfactbry evi-
dence must be presented to the Commissary
General, so that the interests of the Treasury
are properly guarded. The bill does not make
any appropriation of money.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McKEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john w. campbell.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the benefit of John W. Camp-
bell ; which was read a first and second time.
The hill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow John
W. Campbell, late quartermaster of the seventh
Kentucky cavalry, on the settlement of his ac-
counts, §4,770, money expended for the use of
said regiment, the vouchers and accounts hav-
ing been lost or destroyed by falling into the
hands of the enemy at Cynthiana, July 17 and
August 23, and Richmond, Kentucky, August
30, 1802, respectively, if on examining the evi-
dence the Quartermaster General shall deem
him entitled to such credit.
Mr. McKEE. Air. Speaker, T will say in
regard to that bill that it, is exactly of the na-
ture of the one just passed. The evidence is
stronger, if possible, that this officer has done
his whole duty, and that the papers and vouch-
ers were lost by falling into the hands of the
enemy. There is in the petition a full state-
ment of every dollar and every cent which
passed into his hands. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and atso moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j. inge hampton.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse
report on the petition of ,1. Inge Hampton, of
Iowa; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
post r0at> bill.
Mr. ALLEY. Task (he unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
the amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
Gl, to establish certain post roads.
There was no objection, and the amendments
were taken up.
'Ihe SPEAKER stated that he had examined
the amendments of the Senate, and that they
contained nothing but for the establishment of
post roads.
Mr. ALLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
move that the amendments of the Senate bo
concurred in with sundry amendments.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection,
the reading of the amendments will be dis-
pensed with, as they are merely for the estab-
lishment of post roads asked for by members
of Congress.
The amendments of Mr. Alley were agreed
to: and the amendments of the Senate, as
amended, were concurred in.
Mr. ALLEl moved to reconsider the^vote by
which the amendments were concurred in ; and
