1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2641
considerably increased burden upon him. To
be sure, as the Senator from Illinois says, you
may make the Attorney General's office as
large as he states it, with half a dozen Assistant
Attorneys General, and they may be divided,
one for the Treasury Department, one for the
State" Department, and one for every other
Department/ if needed. How far they will be
needed for other Departments I do not know;
^but my own belief is that the same rule would
"apply to the State Department, with reference
to these .classes of claims, that applies to the
Treasury Department. I am satisfied that no
Secretary of the Treasury, with the business
that is to be done there, the great variety of
cases that arise in regard to which he must
have the statutes examined, and have an opin-
ion upon which he can act, which he cannot
do himself, could get along if he was obliged
to send all that current business out of his
office to get an opinion of somebody else, at
his own convenience, and subject to the inter-
ruptions of others. He must have it at the
instant; and, to a certain extent, the same
must be true of the Secretary of State as re-
fards all these questions directly before him.
'he officer to look up the information to be
stated to him should, in my judgment, be an
officer under his control and direction, and
should do what he wants done at the time he
wants it done, and he ought not to be sub-
jected to another Department to get the infor-
mation required. That is my belief with regard
to it; and I shall be opposed altogether to
changing our system, which lias worked ex-
ceedingly well in the Treasury Department, if
it is proposed to make a new arrangement of
the law, as suggested by the honorable Senator
from Illinois..
So in the War Department. During the war
the Secretary of War could hardly have got
along if he had been obliged to send all these
questions out of his Department to the Attor-
ney General—everything that arose there to be
taken up and decided—and receive the informa-
tion required when the business of the Attor-
ney General's office would allow it to be done.
I am very unwilling, when a system has been
found to be a good one in its operations, for
the sake of symmetry.merely, or what would
.be supposed to be symmetry—because it goes
no farther than that—to change that whole sys-
tem and enlarge the Attorney General's office.
1 think that each Department should be inde-
pendent, so far as the current business is con-
cerned. To be sure, every Secretary is entitled
to tlia opinion of the Attorney General. My
' practice was, when an important matter arose
upon which I wished very particular to rid
myself of responsibility, to pass it over to some-
body else, to get the opinion of the Attorney
General; but, as a general rule, I think it
/would be better that the ordinary current busi-
ness and responsibility should be left with the
Department where the question arises. I there-
fore, for these reasons, am opposed to the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
and think it would not be wise to adopt it.
Mr. HOWARD.. I concur entirely with the
honorable Senator from Illinois in the views
which he has presented to the Senate in favor
of striking out the second section of the bill.
I doubt very much the propriety of multiplying
the subordinate law officers in the various
Departments of the Government. It leads
undoubtedly to a diversity of decision and opin-
ion in those various Departments, whereas it is
necessary that there should be harmony and
uniformity in the construction given to the laws
during the course of their administration. It
is made the duty of the Attorney General, by
lavv, to give advice and legal opinions to the
various heads of Departments arid to the Presi-
dent of the United States whenever he is called
upon to do so ; and although we may appoint
a Solicitor for the Department of State, it will
still be the right of the Secretary of State to
call upo-n the Attorney General for hig opinion
upon any question that he may see fit to sub-
mit to him ; so that the duty of the Attorney
General is by no means lighter by the retention
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 166.
of the second section of this bill, and the
appointment of a Solicitor under it.
Owing to the complicated nature of the
Treasury Department, Congress, many years
ago, saw fit to create the office of Solicitor of
the Treasury. I have heard no complain^ it
is true, of that; still, it has always appeared
to me that the most consistent course would
have been to confide all questions of law that
arise even in that Department to the Attorney
General, so that his decisions may be uniform,
and so that his construction of the various acts
of Congress may be uniform, and be under-
stood to be uniform throughout the United
States.
During the war, owing to circumstances of
which we are all aware, Congress authorized
the appointment of a Solicitor to the War De-
partment, and I believe the country has not
complained of that appointment. There seemed
to be a necessity for the employment of such
an officer owing to the great multiplicity of
questions that arose during the war and the
pressing necessity of an immediate decision
upon them from time to time. I think that
necessity at present, has ceased, and I think we
may dispense with the services of the Solicitor
of the War Department witheut injury to the
public service.
But, sir, the questions which ordinarily and
naturally come before the Secretary of State
are of a character on which, it seems to me, it
is necessary there should be a decision of the
highest law officer of the Government. In that
Department are considered from time to time
questions of international law of the gravest
and highest importance—questions which of
all others deserve to be submitted to the calm
consideration of the Attorney General, and
ought not to bo left, in my judgment, to the
decision of any inferior law officer. Questions
respecting the true construction to be given to
treaties, indeed all questions that relate to in-
ternational law, must naturally come before the
Attorney General of the United States; and I
object to submitting those questions, or any of
them, to an inferior law officer without the con-
currence of the Attorney General of the United
States. I see no necessity, I must confess, for
placing a Solicitor under the control of the Sec-
retary of State. If any question of importance
arises in that Department, the Attorney Gen-
eral is the proper functionary to determine it
for the Government. He, and he alone, ought
to be held responsible for the decision of the
question, in case the Secretary of State should
deem it necessary to take his opinion. It seems
to me the creation of this office of Solicitor to
the State Department is entirely an anomaly;
it is without necessity so far as I can see, and
[ shall vote to strike odt the second section for
that reason.
I do not see the necessity of giving the Secre-
tary of State a Solicitor to act under his espccial
instructions and control. It is generally sup-
posed that the Secretary of State is, or should
be, a gentleman of such intelligence and such
information as to make it unnecessary to refer
ordinary questions of law to the Attorney Gen-
eral ; that he is competent himself to decido
most of the questions which come before him ;
and I think undoubtedly that is true in the case
of the present Secretary of State. I do not
see the necessity, as I remarked before, of
'Creating another office to accommodate some
favorite, under the control and direction of the
Secretary of State, and I shall vote against it.
Mr. SUMNER. After the very full and
accurate statement made by the Senator from
Maine, I should deem anything from me super-
fluous had it not so happened that my attention
was drawn at least three years ago to this very
question. It is fully three years ago that I
received a communication from the Secretary
of State similar to the one which the Senator
from Maine has read to-day, and from that
time to the present my attention has been
drawn to the necessity of this office. It has
often been the subject of conversation when I
have been at the Departmentof State. Imade
myself, at least three years ago, acquainted
with what I might call the necessity of such an
office there. Senators all recognized the ne-
cessity pf such an office during the war in the
War Department; and my friend from Michi-t
gan, 1 think, voted for it. I thought at the
time there was an equal necessity for the office
in the State Department growing out of the
new condition of things, carrying*with it a class
of business for the consideration of that De1
partment whieh it had never had before.
That brings me to the precise point whieh
has been presented by the Senator from Illi-
nois, and afterward by the Senator from Miehi-
fan, that this office is not necessary in the
>epartment of State ; and they proceeded to
argue that whatever in the way of legal opin-
ion may be required in the Department of
State should he referred to the Attorffey Gen-
eral. It seems to me that my friends, when
they press that argument, do not take into con-
sideration the precise nature of the business
which it is proposed to submit to a Solicitor in
the State Department. If it were what per-
haps may be compendiously called the great
business or the great questions of law that may
arise in that Department, I should agree with
both of those Senators, that it would be advisa-
ble that they should be submitted in the most
solemn form possible to the highest law officer
of the Government. Probably if such ques-
tions should arise in the Department of State,
requiring any legal opinion, they would be so
submitted. But, as 1 understand it, the neces-
sity which it is proposed to meet now is of
entirely a different character. It refers to mat-
ters of what I may almost call current business,
occurring, if not daily, at least weekly, on which
the Department must express its opinion. For
the most'part, this business grows out of claims,
first, by our citizens on foreign Governments,
and secondly, by the subjects of foreign Gov-
ernments on our Government.
Now, for instance, to take the first class, the
claims of our citizens on foreign Governments;
we all know that there is a large class of claims
growing out of the depredations of the Ala-
bama and other cruisers that have sailed out
of British ports, amounting to millions of dol-
lars. Before these claims can be presented to
the British Government they must be reduced
to some form. They should at least undergo
some consideration on the part of some func-
tionary of our Government to the end that we
should not put forward mere shadows. Our
Government owes it to itself to ascertain that
the claims have a certain validity, at. least in
form. How can that be done? As I under-
stand it, only through some legal officer, some
person familiar with that business, who can
attend to it specially, and in whom the Secre-
tary of State can rely. It i ay be said that the
Secretary of State can attend to it himself.
How soY Absorbed in correspondence of a
political character, or of a diplomatic charac-
ter with foreign Powers, he can have no time
to enter into the duties of a solicitor or of an
attorney to grind out a claim and reduce it to
form in order that it shall be properly presented
to a foreign Power. That is a" service which
ought to be rendered in the Department, under
his eye, by some person in whom he has ade-
quate confidence.
That is one side of the case—claims of our
citizens on foreign Governments. Then comes
the other side—claims of foreign Governments
on ours. The relations whieh I boar to the busi-
ness of the Senate have made me pei'fectly
familiar with that class of business. It is
within my personal knowledge that but few
of the Governments of Europe at this moment
have not very large claims on our Government,
growing out of the recent rebellion. I say
nothing of the validity of the claims. Suffice
it to say that they are presented. Those claims
are entitled at least to a respectful considera-
tion ; they should be entertained to a certain
extent, so that when our Government passes
upon them, they may at least have a reason-
able degree of knowledge with reference to
them. But can the Secretary of State obtain
that reasonable degree of knowledge? For
