1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made the following adverse reports ;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed:
The memorial of Robert A. Hill for the relief
of certain persons residing in the State of Mis-
sissippi :
The petition of Philip Frazer, district judge
of the district of Florida, for increase of salary;
and
The petition of A. G. Miller, for reimburse-
ment of expenses incurred in an effort to im-
peach him in the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
1IEIRS OP SII\BBONA.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made an adverse report on the
petition of C. W. Marsh and others, for an
annuity or some other relief for the heirs of
Shabbona; which was laid on the table.
BARNEY CAIN.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reperted adversely on Senate
bill No. 53, being an act for the relief of Bar-
ney Cain; which was laid on the table.
WIDOWS, ETC., OF DECEASED PRISONERS.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from
the consideration of the memorial of Lydia J.
Stall, praying that widows and orphans, &c..
of prisoners that died at Andersonville and
other retffel prisons be allowed the same com-
mutation for rations as may be allowed to the
surviving soldiers and officers discharged from
said prisons ; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
JAMES FltlOATE.
^ Mr. PERIIAM, from the same committee,
" reported adversely on the petition of James
Frigate, for an increase of his pension, or for a
back pension; which was laid on the table.
GLOVER BROUUHTOX AND OTHERS.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Glover
Broughton and twenty-two others, residents of
the town of Marlborough, Massachusetts, who
served on board of a privateer in the war of
1812, praying for relief; which was laid on the
table.
DATE OF PENSIONS.
Mr. PERHAM. from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of citizens oi
New Hampshire, praying that the pension law
be so amended as to allow to soldiers pensions
from the date of their discharge; which was
laid on the table.
CORDELIA MURRAY.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
asked leave to report the following bill, and to
have it considered at the present time: an act
for the relief of Cordelia Murray, widow of
George WT. Murray. It provides for the pay-
. ment to Cordelia Murray of the pension granted
to George W. Murray by an act of Congress
approved December 20, 180-1.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading:
and being engrossed, was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PERIIAM moved to reconsider the mo-
tion by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT IIENNL.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
asked leave to report a bill for the relief of
Robert Henne, and to have it considered at the
present time. The bill provides for an increase
of pension to Robert Henne, late of company
I, twelfth Missouri infantry, from seventeen to
twenty-five dollars per month.
It was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, I ask for the reading of
the report.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not disposed to make
any opposition to the bill, but I suggest at this
time that there is need of general legislation to
provide for classes of this character, which are
not now provided for. I took occasion some
time ago, when the question of the appropriation
ofmoney for the payment of pensions was before
the House, to state that there was a class of pen-
sioners who were not provided for sufficiently
in the general law. We go so far as to say that
a man who is disabled from earning his own
livelihood by labor shall have full pay. There
is another class of persons not provided for.
You limit pensions to that class who have lost
two arms and two eyes. Men may be disabled
otherwise so as to be unable to help themselves.
I know a ease in which a soldier was shot through
the body in the spring of 1862. He is confined
to his bed and is dependent on the charity of his
neighbors for his support. The neighbors come
in and wait ou him night and day. Now, that
class ought to be provided for by some general
law, and I submit that the Committee on In-
valid Pensions ought to bring in a bill of that
character. Because it is not every person that
is so situated that he can get the ear of a mem-
ber of Congress, or get persons to draw up a
petition and make his ease known, so that Con-
gress, by special legislation, can reach his case.
1 have no objection to this bill, but I repeat
that we ought to have a general law.
Mr. PRICE. I want to say to the House, in
reference to this ease, that I am personally
acquainted with the applicant, and if there are
any cases in the country in which additional
pensions are required, this is certainly one of
those cases. This man, with but one arm at
the commencement of this rebellion, insisted
persistently until he got himself into the service
of his country. He followed the flag not only
with his own regiment from Iowa, but when he
could no longer retain a place there, ho went
into Missouri and joined a regiment there, and
defended the flag until, in addition to the loss
of an arm, he lost the use of the other arm, and
was under the necessity of having a leg ampu-
tated. Such men, who rallied to the defense
of their country under such circumstances, in
the hour of her darkest peril, ought to be re-
membered by the friends of the nation when
peace has once more dawned on the country.
Mr. PEllHAM. Perhaps 1 ought to say, in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Johnson,] that the Committee on invalid Pen-
sions have now under consideration various
propositions for the amendment of the pension
laws, among which is the one to which he has
referred, and it will be considered and reported
on in due time.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am in favor of a gen-
eral law on this subject, but I have no disposi-
tion to interfere with the passage of this bill.
It does seem to me that the House will do it-
self gioat credit and the country great service
by passing a general measure such as is sug-
gested; but 1 do not desire to delay the pas-
sage of this bill, of which 1 am in favor.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time ; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERH-\M moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLARISSA BENSON AND ELLEN HUGHES.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adverse report on the
memorial of Clarissa Benson and Ellen Hughes;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
to be printed.
WILLIAM 0. INGRAHAM.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Wil-
liam G. Ingraham, of \Vestfield,New York, ask-
ing for an increase of pension; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN ALFORD.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of John
Alford, asking an increase of pension; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CHARLES YOTJ1Y.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Charles Youly;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to pay out of any fund which may have been
appropriated for the payment of pensions, to
Charles Youly, of Dunkirk, Ghatauquecounty,
New York, late private in company D, sev-
enty-second regiment New York volunteers,
the sum of $135 33J cents, being at the rate
of five dollars per month from the 25th day of
November, 1802, to the 27th day of February,
1865.
The report was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Theamount
of money involved in this case is very small,
bat it seems to me that this bill establishes a very
vicious principle. It changcs the general law
in regard to pensions, by allowing a party to
come in and prove that ho sent his papers, but
that they did not roach the Pension Office. The
rule is that a party can only receive his pension
from the time that his papers are filed. This
bill takes claimants out of that rule, and leaves
it open to parties to prove in every case the
time at which the papers were put in the post
office. I am not unwilling to give this party
8135 33J, the sum named in the bill, but I do
object to the establishment of this principle, as
it will lead to great abuse.
Mr. TAYLOR. Thegentlemanisrightinpart
but not in whole. The present pension law
gives a pension from the date of the discharge
if the application is made within one year there-
after. This man Youly forwarded his applica-
tion within that time. tYnd it is proved by evi-
dence satisfaetoiy to the committee that through,
no negligence of his the application failed to
reach the Pension Office in time. As soon as
he learned that that was the ease he renewed
his application, but that was after the expira-
tion of a year from the time of his discharge.
It was the fault of the mail, or of the clerk of
the Pension Office, who should have acknowl-
edged the receipt of it as provided by law. The
man has used all diligence in his power, and
the committee do not consider that it was any
l fault of his. And therefore we propose to
l allow him the small amount of five dollars a
month from the time of his discharge to the
! filing of his application.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill, upon which the House divided; and there
were—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
1 table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVY PENSIONS.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask unaix-
| iraous consent to report back from the Com-
I mittee on Invalid Pensions House bill No. 82,
j allowing persons having lost one foot and one
i hand in the naval service of the United States
! the same pensions now allowed to persons hav-
ing suffered the same loss in the, military service,
with an amendment in the nature of a snbsti-
| tute, upon which I am directed by the commit-
i tee to ask action at this time,
i Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. Let the
! substitute be read.
i The sub-tilute wns read. It provides that per-
sons in the naval service of the United States,
! who have lost one foot and one hand iu the
i line of their duty, shall be allowed the same
