1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territory of Montana—Mr. McLea/m.
Ho. 03? Bbbps.
of both nations. At the mouth of the river, on
the American side, stands the once impreg-
nable Fort Niagara; on the opposite side and
extreme of the river stands the British Fort
Erie; and near the cataract lies the battle-
field of Lundy's Lane. Here the contending
armies, composed of the bravest of men, met
in battle array contending for supremacy, and
in ease of another war with that powerful nation
no doubt here again a large force and military
stores would be concentrated. The history of
the naval operations on Lake Ontario during
that contest affords striking proof of the vast
importance of the proposed work in a military-
point of view. The- system of gunboats and
other iron-clads fighting upon lakes, rivers, and
other waters has become so efficient and popu-
lar in the late rebellion that the attention of
Congress and the Government has been turned
toward the developing and extending to it a
much larger and a more perfect system to give
it still greater efficiency.
The extent of our frontiers, both maritime
and inland, is too great to warrant the hope
that our Government will defend them by a
.system, of fortifications, as it would require an
immense army and be an enormous expense.
This vast coast of upward of three thousand
miles, along which are planted towns and
cities, and the commerce on these lakes carried
in more than sixteen hundred steam and sail
vessels, must depend for security on gunboats
and other iron-clads. The British Government
have been preparing, so as to be ready in case
we should have anotherwarwithher. Shehas,
among other things, constructed the Rideau
canal, decidedly a military work, connecting
Montreal with Kingston, on Lake Ontario, and
has also constructed the Welland eanal, con-
necting Lake Ontario with the upper lakes,
through which large-sized gunboats can be
taken, thus rendering it indispensable for the
protection of our frontier and commerce upon
the lakes to have the proposed canal on the
American side constructed.
But the honorable gentleman, [Mr. J. M.
Humphrey,] who has spoken against this bill,
has referred to the treaty of 1817 with Eng-
land, by which the naval force of each Gov-
ernment on the lakes was restricted to one
vessel of not over one hundred tons, carry-
ing a single gun, for Lake Ontario, and not
to exceed two vessels of like size and arma-
ment for all the upper lakes. It is, however,
well known that the British Government has
been pursuing steadily and effectually a policy
looking to the command of the lakes bya strong
naval force, if she might see fit to assert, it. In
1861, after the seizure of the two rebel loaders,
Mason and Slidell, on the British steamer Trent,
when matters between the two nations had a
warlike aspect, it was asserted extensively in
the British press that a large force of gunboats
was in readiness at Montreal to pounce upon
our unprotected frontier and its commercial
marine at the very commencement of hostili-
ties. This intimation from the leading jour-
nals of that nation ought to be sufficient warn-
ing for us not to withhold our assent to any
measure that will tend to protection of that
exposed section of our country, and the citi-
zens thus exposed have a right to demand it.
This project has as strong a claim upon our
Government as that of the Pacific railroad, and
no one can doubt the necessity of the latter,
both in a military and commercial aspect.
Then as to commerce. This proposed canal,
if constructed, will most certainly be of im-
mense importance in that point of view. Hav-
ing more than three thousand miles of a shore
line, forming a navigable boundary for eight of
the most important States of the Union, with
an aggregate population in 1860 of over nine
millions; upon this coast are congregated cities,
towns, and villages of a population of over a
million of our citizens, surrounded by wealth
incident to a high state of agricultural and com-
mercial prosperity. From these cities, and
through these lakes and rivers, more than a
hundred million bushels of grain, including
wheat manufactured into flour, and other agri-
cultural products in proportion, are already
distributed annually to New York, New Eng-
land, Mid the Atlantic cities north of and in-
cluding Baltimore, for the consumption of these
States and for exportation to foreign countries.
Yet the vast agricultural production is but in
its in-fancy.
It is said that in 1862 at least thirty million
bushels of grain, including wheat manufactured
into flour, to say nothing of the other agricul-
tural products of the western States, passed
from the upper lakes to Lake Ontario, through
the Welland canal; and even this canal, under
the British Government; could not do all the
business of transporting the increased products
of the West, and some few years since the Legis-
latures of the States of Illinois and Wisconsin
appointed a deputation of influential citizens to
visit the Canadian authorities and urge upon
them the enlargement of the Welland canal,
&c. This seems to me to be enough to inspire
the American people to have a canal around
the falls of Niagara constructed speedily, so
as not to have to court a foreign Power to con-
struct improvements in order to get an outlet
for our productions.
It has been said that the country composing
properly the valley of the lakes contains an area
of one hundred and seventy thousand square
miles. By a comparative view it is found to con-
tain fifty thousand square miles, more than all the
British possessions m Europe. It i" said, how-
ever, that some of the citizens of the State of
New York are opposed to the constru'ction of
this canal upon the ground that it will be cal-
culated to injure the public works of that State.
On examination it will be found that about the
year 1863 ft committee of the Legislature of
that State made a report stating "that during
a considerable portion of the last three years
the enlarged canals have been taxed to their
utmost capacity, not from deficiency in the
main trunk, but from the impossibility of pass-
ing more boats through the locks." And it is
well known that the railroads, except it might
be a brief period in the summer, were unable
to carry forward the freights offering for trans-
portation to the sea-board. Then, if the im-
provements now constructed are unable to
transport the products from the West, liow will
it be in a few years, when the productions will
be increased at least one half?
But suppose the construction of this great
enterprise should withhold from the New York
canals some of the revenue in the way of tolls,
is that any reason why Congress should with-
hold the Government support to such a great
national enterprise, when we have the citi-
zens of various States, through their Legisla-
tures, and Boards of Trade of numerous large
commercial cities urging this contemplated
improvement upon the consideration of Con-
gress and asking speedy action thereon? And
I may say here, Mr. Speaker, that this is no new
measure; ithas been before the American peo-
ple for many years, and attracted the serious
consideration of our ablest statesmen. And
again, Mr. Speaker, these western States, which
are so distant from the sea-board, have been
asking agaiD and again for additional outlets
to market for their vast products, so that nearly
one half of what they realize for their produc-
tions may not be absorbed in the way of tolls,
&c.; and it must be borne in mind that these
western States -contributed very largely in
means and men of extraordinary_ bravery to
put down the late rebellion, and it is due to
them that this work should be accomplished.
Then vessels might load at Chicago, that great
city of the West, which bids fair to^soon
become one of the first cities of the Union,
for the Atlantic, through this American canal
around that great cataract.
It is said that $6,000,000 is a large amount of
money for the Government to lend its credit for.
Mr. Speaker, what is that sum in comparison
with the importance and magnitude of this
great work, both in a military and commercial
point of view ? But the Government is not
asked by this bill to make a donation to the
company of $6,000,000, or any part of it. It
is expressly provided that the Government
shall be refunded, with interest, every cent that
may be advanced, and as to the ability of the
company to repay, there can be no doubt, as
the revenue derived by the company in the
way of tolls will certainly be very large; and
besides, the United_ States is to have without
charge the use of said canal for transportation
of everything pertaining to the Government.
The portion of the State, Mr. Speaker, that
I represent has, in a. pecuniary point of view,
but little interest in this project; but I look
upon it as a great national measure, and one in
which our western States especially have a deep
interest, and therefore a strong claim upon Gov-
ernment; consequently a sense of duty impels
me to vote for the bill. There is no telling how
soon we may have difficulty with England; and
a war with that nation, owning a powerful fleet
and a well-disciplined army, must render this
ship-canal indispensable for the transportation
of our gunboats and munitions of war to aid in
our defense, and therefore we should not forget
that in peace is the time to prepare for war.
Territory of Montana.
REMARKS OF HON. S. McLEAN,
OF MONTANA,
In the House op Representatives,
May 4, 1866,
On the bill (H. B. No. 202) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a territorial government for the
Territory of Montana," approved May 26,1864.
Mr. McLEAN. Mr. Speaker, while as a
general rule, I hold it to be the wisest policy
for a territorial Delegate to quietly work for
the interests of his constituents without much
speech-making, yet I cannot allow this bill to
pass the House unnoticed by me, and -will
therefore proceed briefly to state a few of my
objections to the provisions contained in the
second section, which reads as follows :
Sec. 2. A.ndbe itfurther enacted, That the acts of the
so-called Legislative Assembly, elected without au-
thority of law, and in pursuance of the proclamation
of the acting Governor, which met and besan its ses-
sion in the city ofVirginia on the 5th of March, 1866,
be, and the same are hereby, declared disapproved,
and null and void; and no money now appropriated,
or which may hereafter be appropriated, by the Con-
gress of the United States for defraying the expenses
of the territorial government or Montana shall ever
be paid to auy peison claixniog to have been elected
to the Council and House of "Representatives of the
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, for services as
members or officers thereof at the session begun and
hold as aforesaid, or to defray the expense incurred
by said Legislative Assembly for any purpose.
As the bill went into the hands of the Com-
mittee on Territories, it was not liable to the
objections I am about to urge in its opposition,
inasmuch as it simply asked Congress to pass
an act for the reapportioning of the Territory
of Montana, so that we might have that legis-
lation so necessary in all of the new Territo-
ries. It is reported to the House divested of
all its original features and embodies a sentence
of outlawry against the Legislative Assembly
called into existence by the proclamation of
the acting Governor, who supposed he "was
executing his legal duty, while he knew he was
carrying out the will of a great majority of the
people of the Territory. When I took my
departure from Montana, late last fall, as the
Delegate of its people, the presumption was,
that through the willful negligence or bad taith
of the Governor, who refused to sign the reap-
portionment bill'' until it was too late for it
to become a law, we would be compelled to
ask Congress to pass an enabling act to free
us from the evils consequent upon his willful
neglect of duty. I introduced a bill for this
purpose long since, bnt in the mean time tn§
