2642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. May 17,
instance, there arc claims at this moment pre-
sented by the minister of Prussia, and I under-
stand that the subjects of the claims are scat-
tered throughout the whole country. Can the
Secretary of State himself, by his own study,
quality himself to deal with those claims ?
Then there is'another set of claims presented,
which also comes within my own knowledge
personally, by the minister of the Hanse Towns,
and the subjects of those claims are scattered
also throughout the whole surface of our coun-
try. Must not the Secretary of State be aided
by some professional person in the first audit
of those claims ? I submit clearly that he
mutt. I might go through, also, with other
nations, and show you the constant recurring
necessity of such an officer in aid of the De-
partment of Stale.
I submit, therefore, that my learned friends,
when they would transfer this duty to the At-
torney General, do not conceive adequately
what it is. They imagine tlyit we propose this
officer merely to decide on what I have already
called great questions of jurisprudence; but it
is no such thing. Such questions would natu-
rally go to the Attorney General; bat the busi-
ness which the officer it is now proposed to
establish must consider, would not, in the ordi-
nary course of things, go to the Attorney Gen-
eral. The Department of State could not be
conducted on that system. It must be han-
dled at home; and to that end, I agree that
• an officer to be called a Solicitor should be
appointed there; who should be in the Depart-
ment, always within call and ready to give his
counsel and aid and diligence to the Secretary
of State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to add also that
Senators, I thi|ik, misapprehend llie question,
from a want of familiarity with the business
which is transacted at the Departments. Take,
for instance, the Treasury. A question comes
up for the Secretary to decide under the stat-
ute. He must decide it under the. statute.
That is a matter of business occurring every
day. There are more or Ic-s of them. Then
some question comes up and ho is not exactly
familiar with the application of the law to the
faets; there is some doubt about it; it is not
clear; and yet it is before him for decision.
Now, what used to be the way of doing that?
He had some clerk in the Department who had
some legal knowledge. He would at once pass
it over to that clerk to examine the case, and
state what the law was and the sections of the
law. It is the business in his own Depart-
ment; lie cannot send out the paper to be
examined by another Department, to get a
formal opinion on the subject. There is no
time for it, and no necessity for it. In view
of that, and of the inconvenience arising
there, it was found necessary to have an offi-
cer of a higher grade than a mere clerk, whoso
opinions would be better than you were likely
to get from a man receiving a small salary
serving there, although he might be a credit-
able lawyer. For that reason the office of
Solicitor was.established.
Now, it comes to the same thing in the De-
partment of State. Strike this section out,
and what would the Secretary of State be
obliged to do? He must pick out some clerk
in his Department to do this work, and to
report on the cases to him. That will be the
amount of it. But on account of the war there
is a great variety of these questions that require
something better than the opinion he could get
from a clerk upon the subject. He wants an
officer of a higher grade, to be continually at.
his hand, to state the facts and the questions
of law arising out of each case. The idea that
all these papers, this infinite variety of claims
and subjects in each Department, must be sent
out of that Department to another—every-day
business—to be examined, would create infinite
confusion. It could not be done, and would
not be done.
Mr. HOWARD. It has been done for about
eighty years past.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say it has always
gone on inside of the Department; and the
question here is not whether you will have
them sent out to another Department, but
whether you will have an officer of a higher
grade and of more intelligence—a man whom
you cannot get for $1,800, the salary of a fourth-
clats clerk—to advise the Secretary as to the
facts on these questions. They cannot send
these papers out of the Department. If they
were required to be sent to the Attorney Gen-
eral's office they would lumber up that office
to such an extent that you would require a new
building entirely for his Department, with the
number of papers that would come into his
possession, and it would lead, in my judgment,
from the little observation I have had, to infinite
delay and infinite confusion in the Departments.
That is what I think about it. The real question
is, not whether you will send them to the Attor-
ney General—for that is impossible; you can-
not send the business of other Departments
there—but whether these questions, the infinity
of them that now arise, growing out of the war
and claims on both sides, are of importance
enough to allow the Secretary an officer, with
the pay of $3,000, an officer of a higher class
than ho is at present able to employ. That is
the simple question; because, to attempt to
carry out the idea of the Senator from Illinois
on the subject would, in my judgment, be an
entire failure, and must necessarily be so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How could it be a fail-
ure when this Government has been carried
on in that way always until 18(50?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has not been carried
on in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There had been no
Solicitor in any Department except the Treas-
ury before I860.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will tell you how it
has been carried on. Great questions, as the
Senator supposes, arising in the Treasury De-
partment, are sent to the Attorney General for
an opinion. That has always been done; that
will be done now; but I tell him there are
hundreds of questions coming up fromday to
day in the Departments that you never think
of sending out of the Department, and which
could not be sent out of the Department with-
out making confusion in the business of the
Department. You cannot do it in the way the
Senator proposes ; it would not be done; and
the only question is, whether you will have an
officer of a higher grade to attend to these
matters or not. There has not been a neces-
sity for such an officer in the Department of
State until at present. But the Senator must
see that there will be a very large number of
these claims. The Secretary of State has been
able hitherto, from the very little business to
be done in the Department, to attend to those
questions and examine them himself. He
would only receive one occasionally. Now
they come in in very large numbers. That is
the difference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never contemplated
that every question in regard to the settlement
of a claim and every question in regard to
what a statute was, was to be sent out of the
Department. I never supposed that. I sup-
posed that the Government would be con-
ducted just as it had always been conducted
up to 1860; that when the question involved
was the construction of a statute of general
importance, about which there was a dispute
it would be referred to the law officer of the
Government, and that construction would gov-
ern the Secretary of the Interior as well as the
Secretary of War. But how is it now? Why,
sir, the district attorneys in the United States
are receiving instructions one way from one
Department and another way from another
Department; and what are they to do? I have
had a letter within a few days from the dis-
trict attorney for the northern district of New
York—I believe it is in my committee-room
now—in which he says he has had one sort of
instructions from the Attorney General and
conducted his business one way under those
instructions, and that now lie ascertains that
the suit which he was conducting in the court
is taken out of his hands by an instruction
from 'one of the Departments of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. What Department was it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That came from the
Treasury. The ease was connected, in some
way, with the revenue. He was prosecuting
the suit; and he writes me that the suit hnd
been settled for three weeks, and he knew noth-
ing about it, without the knowledge of the court
or anybody else—a case pending in court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very likely, and very
properly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, not very property.
Surely the Senator from Maine does not mean
that there should be that want of harmony
between the different Departments of the Gov-
ernment. He does not mean that when he, as
an attorney, is prosecuting a suit, his client, or
anybody else should settle that suit without
giving him notice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is within the power
and jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Treasury
to adjust "it, it is very proper that he should
adjust it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he did adjust it he
should not do it in that way. I know the Sen-
ator would not like a client of his to do that if
he was attending to a suit for a private party
in a court.
Mr. FESSENDEN Let me say to the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois that the business
of the Treasury Department is not conducted
exactly as he used to conduct his law office in
the State of Illinois. That is the difference
between the two cases. One is a little larger
than the other, and involves other questions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly; but I sup-
pose we may illustrate great things by small ones.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not always.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not an improper
illustration, I think, when speaking of a prac-
tice which prevails, where an officer of the
(government is charged with a duty and is in
the exercise of that duty, and he finds that
another Department of the Government, with-
out any notice to him, has disposed of the busi-
ness which is intrusted to him. I know very
well the Senator from Maine does not think
that proper, because the district attorney might
be putting the Government to expense by sum-
moning witnesses and preparing to try a case
in court which had been disposed of without
his knowledge. That should not be. That is
a small matter, the Senator says. I only men-
tion it by way of illustration.
Now, I do not propose that, every question
that arises in the Departments is to be sent to
the Attorney General's office for a legal opin-
j ion. I never contemplated any such thing as
' that. That was not the practice of the Gov-
ernment during the first seventy years of its
existence. Until 1860 no such thing as a
Solicitor in the various Departments of the
Government was known, with the single excep-
tion of the Treasury Department. Since then
•we have been multiplying these officers. Now,
if you will notice the letter of the Secretary of
State, it is not simply in-regard to claims that
he desires to have a Solicitor appointed in hi3
Department, but he says that important prin-
ciples of law are to be settled, international
principles. If international principles of law
are to be setLled, they should not be submitted
to a Solicitor employed in one of the Depart-
ments of the Government, but they ought to go
to the head of some Department. They are
the most important questions that can he set-
tled, and may involve the honor and faith of
the nation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They go to the head
of the State Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. In England
we know that the opinions of the law officers
of the Crown are taken when great questions
of international importance are involved of a
legal character, and I apprehend it would be
so here. It ought to be so here.
Mr. SUMNER. But in the British Foreign
Office there is a person whose particular duty
it is to grind out these particular classes of
claims.
