3602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
affects the poor merely. I tell the members
of this committee that it is not the poor alone
that are interested in salt. Ihe bulk of the
salt in the country is consumed by the farmers
in independent and moderate circumstances,
who use it for their stock, and those engaged in
preserving meat. The great bulk is thus used,
and it is idle to attempt to enforce on us the
idea that the poor man merely is interested in
this article of salt. There are various interests
throughout the country and in various parts of
the country interested in the production of salt,
and unless some protection, just protection, is
afforded them, these interests must not only
languish, but^be destroyed. While, therefore,
we are protecting other interests, I trust the
good sense and judgment of the House will
protect this interest also.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to call the
attention of the committee to some of the facts
made known by the gentleman from the Buf-
falo district [Mr. Hcsiphrey] upon whose prop-
osition I suppose the test vote in the commit-
tee will be had. His proposition is to reduce
the tariff on salt to the exact figures at which
it stood before the war and under the old tariff.
Now, I ask the committee to recollect the vast
difference there is in the values of everything
used by manufacturers and by those who fur-
nish them with their supplies. Why, sir, in
the region where salt is manufactured in Mich-
igan wood could then be purchased at seventy-
five cents a cord, and it now costs between
three and four dollars per eord. Labor was
then a dollar and a dollar and a quarter a day.
Now it is two and two dollars and a quarter a
day. I claim then that there would be no pos-
sible justice in compelling them to compote
with, the foreign salt manufacturers under the
old tariff while they are compelled to pay these
enhanced prices for everything they use and
consume in manufacturing salt.
I desire also to call the attention of the com-
mittee to another fact stated by the gentleman,
and stated very nearly correctly, and that is
that less than half the salt consumed in the
United States is produced in th'c United States.
I assert what my colleague [Mr. Driggs] has
asserted, that so far as Michigan is concerned,
unless our salt manufacturers can have this pro-
tection, they will certainly be compelled to sus-
pend, as more than half of them have already
suspended. More than half of the works on
the Saginaw river are idle to-day because they
cannot produce salt for what they can get for it.
And thus the entire production of that region,
amounting to over eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, will be driven out of the market. I can-
not speak for the salt workers; they may, pos-
sibly, produce as much as they did before; but,
sir, we are not producing in the United States
half the salt we consume, and we are depend-
ent on foreign countries for the remainder.
Now. I ask if this article, which the gentle-
man has represented as so necessary-to every-
body, which enters into the consumption of
the whole community, can be left to be sup-
plied to us by foreign manufacturers. I ask.
if as legislators for the United States we should
not secure the domestic manufacture of this
article against the contingencies of foreign dif-
^ ficulties and troubles. It seems to me that no
wiser course can be pursued by this Congress
than to secure to ourselves as far as possible
the manufacture of this article of necessity.
Wo possess capacity to supply the entire Uni-
ted States if we can only get a reasonable price
for it. And it seems to me that so far as we
can we should protect those who are producing
this great article of necessity for our people.
I desire also to call attention to the statement
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hum-
phrey,] that we propose to increase the duty
on salt sixty-six cents per barrel. Now, he is
too clear-headed a man to believe that himself.
By far the greater portion of the salt that comes
into this country comes in under the eighteen
cent tariff now, and by this bill it is only made
thirty-two cents. So that the increased duty
on salt will be only about thirty-five cents per
•barrel. Now, it is not fair to mislead the com-
mittee by the statement that the duty is to be
increased sixty-six cents per barrel. And fur-
ther, although this article is so necessary for
the consumption of the country, the amount
consumed per capita is calculated to be only
about forty-two pounds annually, and therefore
the increase will be but little to each person.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. It seems to me it is well enough
to be reasonable about this matter. This ses-
sion we have reduced the internal revenue duty
on salt four cents and two mills per hundred
pounds. It was seven cents and two mills last
year ; it is now three cents per hundred pounds.
Now, I suppose in consequence of that reduc-
tion, it is a necessity to have an additional
protection. That I know is somewhat in ac-.
cordanee with the whole theory of this bill.
Having labored here nearly a month to relieve
the manufacturers of this country of some
$75,000,000 of annual taxation, we now pro-
pose' to protect them additionally in conse-
quence of that.relief. And we are to go through
a fortnight's or three weeks' work in the hot
weather of July to protect them additionally
because of that relief of $75,000,000 of annual
'taxation which we afforded them in the inter-
nal revenue bill.
Now, I have this to say about salt, that it is
in its nature a monopoly in this country. It
can be produced in New York, in West Vir-
ginia, in Ohio, and in Michigan. And do you
propose to coerce the people of Maine into
buying Michigan salt ? Is that the proposition ?
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Trow-
bridge] says truly that give them duty enough
and they will make my constituents buy salt
' of his constituents. Of course they can un-
doubtedly produce enough in Michigan to sup-
ply that locality and ours, too. And it is pro-
posed to carry salt from Michigan across the
country to Maine, when it can be produced on
Turk's Island for eight or ten cents a bushel.
Now, I am ingrained a protective man ; but
I propose in legislation not to run the thing
into the ground. I do not propose, as Mr.
Webster said on a certain occasion, that we
should reenact the laws of God. Nor does it
seem to me worth while in a tariff bill to at-
tempt to override the laws of God. We should
pay some little attention to the situation of the
country, where this article can be produced
and at what rate, and where else we can get
it, and at what rate it can be produced else-
where. But now when the present rate of duty
upon salt is something like one hundred and
fifty per cent, acl valorem, it is proposed to add
seventy-five per cent, more to that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the amendment
ofMr. Hi'.mphket, there were—ayes 39, noes 60.'
Mr. HUMPHREY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Humphrey
and Mr. Plants were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 88, noes 57.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
striking out "forty-two'' in line six and in-
serting "thirty;" and by striking out " thirty"
in line seven and inserting "twenty-twoso
that the paragraph will read~as follows:
On salt in sacks, barrels, and other packages, thirty
cents per one hundred pounds; on salt in bulk, twenty-
two cents per one hundred pounds.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to offer an amendment
to which I think the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means will agree. It is to
insert "thirty-six" instead of "forty-two,"
^tud " twenty-two" instead of "thirty;" so that
^he paragraph will read:
On salt in sacks, barrels, andothcrpackages, thirty-
six cents per one hundred pounds; on salt in bulk,
twenty-two cents per one hundred pounds.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by striking
out this paragraph, embracing lines six, seven,
and eight, with the view to insert salt in the
free list.
The amendment wag not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On flaxseed, linseed, hemp-seed, and rape-seed,
thirty cents per bushel, of fifty-two pounds per
bushel: Provided, That no drawback shall be allowed
on oil-oako when exported.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking
out "thirty" and inserting "sixty," so as to
make the duty sixty cents per bushel.
Mr. Chairman, we have now come to that
part of the bill which concerns the agricult-
ural interests. And I wish gentlemen of the
committee to give their attention to a single
fact. Flaxseed oil, under the provisions of this
bill, will pay a duty of thirty eonts per gallon.
Flaxseed, it is proposed, shall pay thirty cent^
a bushel. In one bushel of flaxseed there are
two gallons of oil. The effect is to tax oil in
the seed fifteen cents a gallon, and out of the
seed thirty cents a gallon. It requires no argu-
ment, and I do not propose to make any, to
prove that this is a discrimination against the
agricultural interests and in favor of the manu-
facturing interests.
We can raise in this country seed enough for
all the paint in the world, even if we had no
oil in the bowels of the earth. If we propose
to protect any interest, I need not argue to this
committee that the agricultural interest is the
interest to be protected, for it underlies and-
furnishes the foundation for every other pros-
perous interest in the country ; and without the
prosperity of the agricultural interest there can
be no prosperity in the nation. I hope that
the legislation of this body will not look toward
discrimination against the agricultural inter-
ests.
Mr. MORRILL. This is another portion of
the bill in reference to which I reserved my
right to vote against it. The duty fixed in the
paragraph is already, in my judgment, higher
than it ought to bij. Linseed oil is anything
but a luxury. It is a common necessity. Every
man uses more or less of it for the painting of
his house once in two or three years; and it is
also used in various manufactures. It is essen-
tial that we do not put upon this article a rate
of duty which may practically be prohibitive ;
for we derive from abroad I suppose nearly three
fourths of all that is used in the country. The
duty upon this article may affect us in very many
ways. Our California trade is more or less
dependent upon the articlc of linseed imported
from India. Our vessels which are.freighted
from the Atlantic sea-board to California must
return in ballast or they must go to India and
get something of this kind on which to make
a return freight. The average cost of the arti-
cle in Tndia is about one dollar per bushel. I
undertake to say that if the bill be allowed to
stand as it is, imposing a duty of thirty cents
per bushel upon the seed and thirty cents per
gallon upon oil, which costs abroad only fifty
cents per gallon, every linseed oil mill east of
the Alleghanies, instead of crushing linseed,
will be crushed itself. The article will be im-
ported in the form of linseed oil. It will be of
no benefit except to some half a dozen crush-
ers west of the Alleghany. Under all the cir-
cumstances, I hope not only the duty will not
be increased, but that it will be reduced. But
it is for the committee to dispose of the ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I propose to amend
the amendment by making it forty. Mr. Chair-
man, our western friends have agreed upon
forty, petitioned for forty, and hope to get forty;
and it is quite little that agriculture'can get out
of this or any other tariff bill. Wre have noth-
ing in it but wool and linseed. The oil men
went down and asked the manufacturers what
they could get, and we took what they would
give us. We tgok forty. The linseed manu-
facturers came hel'e and saitl they would not
do it, that it woidd ruin them. Out in the West
we are not afraid of ruin if we get the Niagara
ship-canal. Rather than see all these men
ruined we consented to thirty. As a farmer,
as a western man, I am willing to compromise
and help all these suffering interests out if they
