1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3603
will adhere to thirty and thirty; thirty on oil
and thirty on flaxseed. But, Mr. Chairman,
if they propose to disturb this, then I propose
to say something further on the subject. I hope
my friend from Iowa [Mr. Price] will withdraw
his amendment if my friend, the chairman, will
agree to stand by the compromise of thirty and
thirty.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not enter into any
eompromise.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I never knew thetime
when you compromised on less than what you
eould get. [Laughter.] I do not know any
interest that will consent to anything less. I
withdraw my amendment; and I hope the
friends of agriculture, the friends of the farmer
in this House, will stand by the eompromise
of thirty and thirty.
Mr. J. L. TH0MAS._ I move to strike out
"thirty" and insert "sixteen," sixteen being
the present rate of- duty fixed by the existing
tariff. It appears to me that our friend from
Illinois, as well as the rest of our agricultural
friends, will defeat the object they have in view
by putting such a tremendous tariff on agricult-
ural products. We of the middle States have
interests to attend to as well as you gentlemen
of the western States. Whil'e you have flax-
S66(j —
Mr. WENTWORTH. You have coal.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. We have coal; but we
also have flaxseed factories. We use your flax-
seed, but you unfortunately cannot give us- all
that we want, and if you put this increased tar-
iff of thirty per cent, on flaxseed you will close
up our flaxseed factories, and the consequence
will be that we cannot buy even what you now
raise.
Now, sir, I have received time and again
communications from different flaxseed facto-
riesin my district, from very reliable gentlemen,
that the product of flaxseed in this country is
not sufficient to meet the demands of even the
flaxseed factories east of the Alleghanies. xlnd
yet while this fact is stated gentlemen propose
to put a higher duty on flaxseed which will
'break up these factories and prevent increased
consumption of the article. I am opposed to
putting at a higher rate and in favor of the
proposition of the chairman, striking it down
one half.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am perfectly aware there
is in this matter to some extent a collision of
interests. I wish to state briefly some of the
points involved in the case. The distinguished
chairman of the Cemmitteeof Ways and Means
has made two errors. In the first place he
Bays two thirds of the seed already used in this
country is imported. I think he is mistaken
in that. For ten years the average home crop
has been one million six hundred thousand
bushels, and the average imported one million
four hundred thousand.
The importation of oil has been about half
a million gallons annually. So that, adding
all the importation of oil to the oil made from
the imported seed, it makes a little less than
the amount made from the home seed. The
result of that comparison of facts is, that we
produce more of our oil from home-grown seed
than we bring from abroad in the shape of oil
and seed. The chairman of the committee
speaks of there being about a dozen presses in
the West that will be benefited by this bill as
it now stands. I will tell him that there are in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Illi-
nois, Missouri, and Iowa ninety-three presses,
of the capacity of crushing two million five
hundred bushels annually.
Now, what are the facts in regard to the
business itself? We lay a tariff of sixteen
cents a bushel on foreign seed and twenty-
three cents on a gallon of foreign oil. Now,
a bushel of foreign seed produces two and an
eighth gallons of oil. So that if a man brings
the seed from abroad and crushes it in Boston
or Now York he produces an amount of oil
which, if shipped from abroad, would pay forty-
nine cents duty; but in the shape of seed it
pays only sixteen cents, and he then has a
drawback of seven cents per bushel. The eon-
sequence is that the oil brought into this coun-
try in seed really pays only about nine cents
a bushel on the seed it comes in. Now, when
a man raises seed in this country and ships
his cake abroad he gets no drawback on cake
made from the* home-grown seed; but if he
buys foreign seed and then ships his oil-eake
abroad he gets his seven cents a bushel draw-
back. So much advantage to the man who
handles foreign seed over one who handles
home-grown seed. Now, the committee pro-
poses to harmonize these things, as was said
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Went-
worth,] by giving to the grower of the seed
in this country about two thirds what they ask
for.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Maryland withdraw the amendment?
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I will withdraw it if
the gentleman from Ohio will renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will renew no such
amendment as that.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. J. L. Thomas, it was disagreed
to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I moveproformd to make
it forty cents. This clause proposes a duty on
the seed from which the oil is produced and on
the oil when manufactured, to equalize the two.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wextworth]
says this is the result of a compromise. If so
it is a bad compromise. The tax ought to be
higher. The chairman of the committee ad-
monishes us that this is one of those eases in
which he intends to'oppose the action in com-
mittee and go for a lower tax. I apprehend
he means a lower tax on the seed alone, and
not on the oil.
Mr. MORRILL made some answer inaudible
to the reporter.
Mr. SCHENCK. He prefers to have it whero
it is, a heavy tax on the manufactured oil to
keep that out, but a low tax on the seed to let
that in, in order that eastern manufacturers,
in competition with the interest at the West,
may manufacture oil from the imported seed,
and thus crush out and destroy the whole western
interest. And in accordance with this, a most
extraordinary statement has been made by the
chairman of the committee. He asks where is
the necessity for increasing the cost of linseed
oil, one of the articles in common use through-
out the country, for the benefit of alittle interest
west of the Alleghany mountains, not involv-
ing more than half a dozen presses. Now, sir,
let me say that this is an extraordinary state-
ment coming from the gentleman to whom we
look for information in regard to the manu-
factures of the country. There are twice as
many presses as that in the town in whieli I
live. There are forty-odd in the State of Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. Forty-seven.
Mr. SCHENCK. There are about ninety in
the six western States which are interested in
this matter; and the whole interest, instead
of being one that deserves to be spoken'of
contemptuously, I undertake to say involves
$8,000,000 annually. I tell him, sir, that the
flaxseed at its market price, raised annually in
the six States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa,
Missouri, and Kentucky, amounts to a little
over $5,250,000; that manufactureditproduces
$6,000,000 worth of oil annually, and $2,000,-
000 worth of oil-cake which is exported and sold
abroad without the drawback which these east-
ern gentlemen get the benefit of when they ex-
port oil-cake made from foreign seed. 1 tell
him' that the labor, the gunny-bags, the cooper-
age, and the transportation to the eastern mar-
ket of this oil-cake for shipment adds so much
more that it becomes an interest of $10,000,-
000 annually before it reaches the market; aud
it does not become the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, instructing this
House, to stand up in his place and speak con-
temptuously of this interest, as if it were a
matter affecting only half a dozen crushers
west of the Alleghany mountains. Sir, we want
these five and a quarter millions' worth of seed'
to receive some little protection. We want a
protection like that which is given to almost
every other industrial pursuit or production
provided for in this bill; and because we ask a
little protection of this soft a great interest is
to be spoken of in this contemptuous manner,
as though it were some small taatter out at the
West not worthy the notice of gentlemen living
upon the Atlantic sea-board.
Sir, we can comprehend why these gentle-
men want to bring in seed from abroad and
manufacture it into oil; they want to break
down the western interest and buy our seed
cheap, and let us manufacture none at home.
It is all in the way of business. We can un-
derstand how they can go for a low tariff when
nearly all -the oil-cake made for the feed of
cattle is used abroad, and little or none in this
country. It finds its way after manufacture
from the West to the sea-board,' and from the
East directly abroad, and they get a drawback
of seven cents upon it, thss reducing the tariff
which they pay to something like nine cents
instead of sixteen.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I am ready
to admit that I spoke rather at random when
I said that there were but half a dozen estab-
lishments for crushing linseed west of the Alle-
ghanies ; but it was not my purpose to epeak
contemptuously. I only desired to give an
idea that this increased protection is not for
the benefit of the farmers and the agricult-
ural interest, but purely for the benefit of the
crushers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to tjie amount
of importations, I am ready also to confess that
I have not examined them since 1861; butpre-
vious to that time I did examine them critic-
ally, and I know that we import very large
quantities of both seed and oil. We all know
that the importation of everything for the
■ last four years has been entirely interrupted;
the course of trade has been changed; it has
not been as it has been before, and there-
fore the records for the last four or five
years afford no criterion for legislators to
go by. In order to show that I am not wrong
in my_ position upon this subject, I ask the
attention of the House to the records of Con-
gress since 1842. Why, sir, there never has
been a time when there has not been a greater
duty on linseed oil than upon theAseed itself.
It is obvious, if the gentleman from Ohio
nearest to me [Mr. Garfield] is corrcct, that
if we import linseed oil when there is seven
cents per gallon more duty upon it than upon
seed, you put them on equal terms, and no
more seed will come into the country; it will
all come in in the shape of oil.
Now, let me call your attention to the record.
In 1842 the dutyDn oil was twenty-five per
cent., on seed five per cent. ; in 1846 oil twenty
per cent., seed fifteen per cent.; in 1857 oil
fifteen, seed free; in 1801 oil twenty, seed six-
teen ; in 1864 oil twenty-tliree, seed sixteen.
All previous Congresses, therefore, have been
strangely in error or else my impetuous young
friend from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] is somewhat
in error to-night.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in my own State, and
it is probably the-same in Ohio, we have given
up the growth of linseed for the sake ot the
seed. Every farmer, every agriculturist knows
that if he lets even his grass ripen into seed it
exhausts the soil twice as nruch as if he cuts
it while in the flower. And if flax is allowed
to grow until the seed ripens it is very exhaust-
ive to the soil. And in States where they can
grow wheat as they can in Ohio, where they
can get twice as much from the same number
of acres as they can of flaxseed, and get a
higher price for it, you cannot by any system
of protection induce them to grow flaxseed.
£Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment to the amendment. I wish to recall to
the attention of this House that ever since this
