1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a] 9
The only righteous end of any war is just and
honorable peace, and, in such a Government as
ours, if war become necessary to suppiess in-
surrection or rebellion, its ultimate purpose
cannot be enlarged beyond that of a national
war. It is limited to the vindication of the
rightful authority of the G overnnient. Its office
is done when obedience to the law is secured,
for such obedience is the highest aim of war j
sujh obedience is peace.
It indicates a confusion of ideas to speak of
a number of people or a State in rebellion, as
an independent belligerent. It is an inversion of
the order of cause and effect. Independence is
the result for the attainment of which the rebels
have assumed an attitude of belligerency. But
belligerency is not independence, and is never
allowed to detcrminethe civil relations of States.
The only code established by belligerency is
that which regulates the conduct of war. It
ceases to have any held of jurisdiction as soon
as war ends and peace begins. When the tem-
ple of war is closed, the code of war is sealed
and laid aside to await the renewal of human
strife.
The learned annotator of our greatest text-
book on international law, Mr. Lawrence, says:
"The recognition of belligerent rights in a colony
or portion of a, State in revolt from or opposition to
the metropolis is not to be confounded with the
acknowledgment of the absolute independence of
such province or colony."—Wheaton, International
Law, p. 40.
Judge Sprague, of Massachusetts, one of our
most upright and learned Federal prize judges,
in his opinion in the case of the Amy War-
wick, illustrates fhe same idea in the follow-
ing clear and forcible language:
" It has been supposed that if the Governmenthave
the rights of a belligerent, then, after the rebellion is
suppressed, it will have the rights of conquest; that
a State and its inhabitants may be permanently
divested of all political privileges and treated as for-
eign territory acquired by arms. This is an error, a
grave and dangerous error. Belligerent right# can-
not be. exercised where there are no belligerents. Con-
quest of a foreign country gives absolute and unlim-
ited sovereign rights. But no nation ever makes such
a conquest of its own territory. If a hostile power,
either from without or within a nation, takes posses-
sion and holds absolute dominion over any portion of
its territory, and the nation, by force of arms, expels
or overthrows the enemy and suppresses hostilities,
it acquires no new title, but merely regains the pos-
session of which it had been temporarily deprived.
The nation acquire? no new sovereignty, but merely
maintains its previous rights.'"'—Law Reporter, June,
1862, p. m
President Woolsey, of Yale college, in his
work on international law, published in 1864,
at page 231, uses the following just expres-
sions :
" The same rules of war arc required in such a war
[civil war] as in any other; thesamewaysoffighting,
the same treatment of prisoners, of combatants, of
non-combatants, and of private property by the anny
wherc it parses; so also natural justice demands the
same veracity and faithfulness which arc binding in
the intcrcouise of all moral beings. Nations thus
treating rebels by no means concede thcieby that
they iorm a Sr.atc, or that they are cle facto such.
There is a difference between belligerents and belli-
gerent States which has been too much overlooked."
Every just conclusion or inference of law
arising out of the opinion of Justice Grier, in
the prize cases in 2 Blaclrs Reports, is in exact
harmony with these authorities. The court in
these cases merely recognizes the fact that a
state of war exists, and has been declared to
exist by the executive department of the Gov-
ernment, and thence rightfully deduces the
right of the Government to resort to a blockade
as a means of warfare, and to make prizes of
vessels that attempt, after due notice, to disre-
gard that blockade. The judge says :
"The laws of war, as established among nations,
have their foundation in reason, and all tend to miti-
gate ilie cruelties and miseries produced by the"scourge
of war. llenec the parties to a civil war usually con-
cede to each other belligerent rights. They exchange
pii.-uners, and adopt the other courtesies and rules
common to public or national wars." * ; "
"Bv the Constitution. Congress alone has the power !
to declare a national or foreign war. It eannot de.-
ehtre v<>r apmnvt a State, or any number ot State*, by I
virtue of an>/ clause in the Constitutwn, The Constitu-
tion confers on the President the whole executive
power. He is bound (o take care that the laws be
faithfully executed." .
"It is not necessary that the independence oi the
revolted province or Slate be ackimwlcd'ced i:i order
to constitute it a paity belligerent in awarae.wdmg
to the law of nations.' -2 Mack s Reports, pp. ottS,
He also says that in organizing the rebellion
the seceding States acted as States, claiming
to be sovereign over all persons and property
within their respective limits, and asserting a
right to absolve their citizens from their supe-
rior allegiance to the Federal Government, and
that their right to do so was then being decided
by wager of battle. But that wager has been
decided against them, and the right is therefore
denied.
Judge Grier says that Congress has no con-
stitutional right to declare war against any State
or States of the Union. Unless the United
States is a confederation of States, as contra-
distinguished from a general government formed
by the people of all the States, and unless each
State in the confederation is an independent
nation, then his position is logical and undeni-
able. No Government can declare war against
its own subjects. Its whole duty is to enforce
submission and obedience to law and to its
rightful supremacy. The duty of the Execu-
tive is to see that the laws be faithfully execu-
ted, and of Congress to give him every needed
and rightful facility for the accomplishment of
that end ; and if in the prosecution thereof a
state of war ensue, and belligerency be recog-
nized as resulting therefrom, then the Execu-
tive and Congress arc certainly at liberty to
resort to all the means rendered necessary or
expedient and lawful by those conditions. But
the moment the resistance to the law is over-
come, and its supremacy is recognized and obe-
dience restored on the part of the rebels, the
former relations between the United States and
the States which had attempted to secede sur-
vive and become operative again. In the lan-
guage of Judge Sprague:
"The nation acquires no newsovereignty.hutmcrely
maintains its previous rights," and any other theory
would be " a grave and dangcious error." "Under our
Government the right of sovereignty over any portion
of a State is given and limited by the Constitution,
and will be the same after thewarasit wasbeforeit."
But the relations of the people lately in arms,
in rebellion against the Government, wftuld be
quite another thing. The punishments of vio-
lated duty and outraged law would continue
suspended over them individually which must
be suffered in their bodies or estates, or both,
unless they are relieved therefrom ]>y the clem-
ency of the Executive or the Government.
These questions, however, I do not propose
now to discuss.
If the country accepts the theory of the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] and others on this floor and elsewhere
of like opinions with him, that the people and
States of the South actually succeeded by their
rebellion in effecting in legal contemplation
such a complete severance of their former con-
stitutional relations to the Federal Government
as that, upon the suppression of their _ wicked
rebellion those relations do not survive and
become operative again, then it should also
accept the logical and lawful results of that
theory, the "radical consequences'' so much
deprecated by Judge Sprague. What are those
results? They may be briefly stated to lie :
1. That the war was not prosecuted for the
restoration of the Union, or to the end that the
seceding Slates might survive the conflict as
members of the Union, but in fact wan prose-
cuted for the conquest of independent Slates,
notwithstanding the almost daily repeated dec-
larations of our Government to the contrary,
addressed to the people of the whole country,
both North and South, and to foreign nations,
and made in the mo«t solemn forms oi' execu-
tive messages and proclamations, laws of Con-
gress, and military proclamations and orders,
from the commencement of the war to this pres-
ent. hour, including the proclamation of the
Secretary of State announcing the abolition of
slavery by constitutional amendment adopted
by three fourths of all the States.
2. That (hose constitutional relations having
been completely severed, secession then became
an accompli-hod fact, and the so-called con-
federate Stated an independent mil ion. and their
citizens aliens and foreigners, not rebels and
I traitors liable to be punished under the muni-
cipal law for their crimes, and the Federal Gov-
ernment did not suppress the rebellion but con-
quered the confederate States, and now Jiolds
them as conquered territory, subject to the ab-
solute control and disposition of the United
States, uncontrolled by any laws or constitu-
tions.
3. That secession having become an accom-
plished fact, the confederate States became a
nation, and therefore possessed' the right and
power inherent in every nation to contract
debts which are valid and binding upon its peo-
ple, and as the conquest of one nation by an-
other does nof^cancel the debts of the con-
quered nation, the public debts of the confed-
erate States, and of the several States in the
confederacy became the debts of the United
States, and so far as they are held by the citi-
zens of foreign nations, they cannot be repu-
diated by the United States without dishonor
and giving cause of war. Mr. Wheaton says
that, in case of conquest of one nation by an-
other :
" As to public debts, whether due to or from the revo-
lutionized State, a mere change in the form of Gov-
ernment or in the person of the ruler does not affect
their obligation. The debts bemg contracted in the
name, of the State, by its authorized agents, for its
public use, the nation continues liable for them, not-
withstanding the change in its internal constitution.
The new Government succeed* to the fiscal i ights and
is bound to fultill the fiscal obligations of the former
government. It becomes entitled to the publicdomain
and other property of the State, and is bound to pay
its debts previously contracted.''—Wlietttons Inter-
national Law, p. 52.
The country cannot accept theories bearing
such fruits as these; it will prefer to hold fast
to the belter doctrines of fhe late President on
this subject, and of every department and officer
of the Government heretofore, and of Congress
as declared in its numerous resolutions declar-
atory of the purposes of the war, and of every
officer and soldier in the Army and Navy of the
United States, and of the present Executive-
all based upon the principle that the seceding
Stales were never, in fact or law, out of the
Union, but only engaged in a treasonable and
sanguinary but unsuccessful eifoit to get out.
The rebels said, in their madness, that they had
in fact severed their relations and obligations
to the Federal Government, but the latter never
admitted such a result, but claimed, on the con-
trary, that they had in truth only succeeded in
taking their Representatives out of Congress
and making a bloody war in a cruel and wicked
attempt to establish their independence of the
Union. Congress during the war never ceased
to treat them as States m the Union. It en-
acted laws which by their terms embraced all
the States in rebellion. It apportioned Repre-
sentatives to all the States by tlieir respective
names on the basis of the census of 1800. It
levied direct taxes upon alltjje States by name,
whether in rebellion or not. All its general
laws are designed to operate alike in all the
States. Its system of internal revenue applies
alike to all the States, and it has never been
admitted or holden that the failure to use the
prescribed stamps in the rebellious States was
not attended with the same legal results there
as in the loyal States. In all our intercourse
with foreign nations the rebellious States have
been claimed to bo in the Union, subject to its
laws, and, when they would abandon resistance
thereto and return to their obedience, entitled
to its benefits and to resume all their civil and
political relations with it. These relations were
only suspended for the time being by the exist-
ing state of war. The pretended government
called the "confederate States" had no legal
existence; it was a myth, a dream, never vital-
ized. never realized. It was not that, govern-
ment that we were fighting, but the actual, living,
and material obstacles in the shape of armies
and all the enginery of war, which were inter-
posed by the people of the rebel States between
us and the enforcement of the laws.
This doctrine was never supposed to lead to
the absurd conclusion that all the rebel armies
were mere bands of organized murderers, until
it became the design of some in the country to
prevent the restoration ol' the Union, to the end
that they might the better gratify a thirst for
