1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
injuries by certain bands of Sioux Indians, witii
a substitute.
Mr. STEVENS. That also embraces an
appropriation.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will state that
the substitute contains an appropriation of
$3,000. If there is objection to the considera-
tion of the bill now, of course it must under the
rules go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It is to provide for the
rejief of parties who have suffered from depre-
dations of Sioux Indians, and contains only an
appropriation of S3,000 to pay expenses.
Mr. STEVENS. Let it be deferred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KASSON. I ask my colleague whether
he cannot strike out the clause making a small
appropriation, leaving the bill so that it may
be acted upon now in the House. I under-
stand this is a most meritorious measure, and
ought to be passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I think when
the substitute is read there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The substitute was read.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a long bill, and
ought to be printed before We are called upon
to consider it. It is creating a new commis-
sion. I remember some years the cry was
loud in regard to some Indians in Minnesota,
and we granted a commission which took one
or two millions out of the Treasury. I am not
going to inquire where it has gone to. It
seems this is a remnant to pay those who did
not get enough.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the bill is debated that waives the rule which
requires it to go to the Committee of the Whole,
because that is considering the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I was just going to move
that it go to the Committee of the Whole and
that it be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I. am able, I
think, to explain the principle of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the bill contain an
appropriation V
The SPEAKER. It contains an appropri-
ation of $3,000, and a single objection will send
it to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I insist that it shall
go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I ask, then, that
it be printed.
The SPEAKER. The bill and substitute
will be printed.
INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I am instructed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs to report
back House bill No. 259, subjecting Indian
lands and allotted lands in Kansas to the laws
thereof, with an amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it pass.
The bill was read, together with the amend-
ment. which is to add the following :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to authorize any of paid Indians or Indian
tribes to sell, grant, or lease any of said lands, unless
the same bo made by treaty or convention entered
into, pursuant to the Constitution of the United
States; nor shall anything herein contained be eon-
.strued to give the State of Kansas power to tax any
of said lands, except such as are held in severalty by
individual members of said Indian tribes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like some explanation of this bill. It seems to
me it is subordinating the United States laws
to the laws of Kansas.
Mr, HUBBARD, of Iowa. I have here a
map indicating the condition of the lands in
the State of Kansas. The parts colored red
indicate the lands belonging to the Indians.
Upon those lands the laws of the United States
are in force. The Si ate of Kansas has no juris-
diction over them or over the persons residing
upon them. The portions of the map that are
not colored indicate lands belonging to the
Government of the United States and to indi-
viduals. Over those lands the laws of the State
of Kansas prevail. They arc within the limits
an.l :urisdiction of the State (if Kansas for all
legal purposes.
This condition of affairs, as any man can
readily perceive, results not only in a great deal
of injustice, but in a great deal of inconven-
ience, and the provisions of this bill are intended
to remedy this injustice and inconvenience.
That is the simple object of the bill. It pro-
vides that the laws of Kansas shall be extended
over these Indian lands, which have been set
apart to them in severalty. It provides, also,
that they shall not have the power to convey
except under the provisions of the laws of the
United States. I think the provisions of the
bill are ample and sufficiently guarded.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask whether this
is by any treaty with the Indians.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. There is no
treaty stipulation.
Mr. STEVENS. And it is now proposedto
extend the laws of the State of Kansas over
these Indian lands ? -
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa.^ I have exam-
ined all the treaties on the subject, and also the
acts of Congress, and I see nothing in either
which prohibits tlie passage of this bill. Every
person can see from this map, showing the lo-
cation of these lands, that the citizens of Kan-
sas must labor under a great deal of inconven-
ience.
Mr. STEVENS." How wouldjt bo if we pass
that law? Would they have more conven-
lenc©?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I understand that
a great many of these lands arc held by the
Indians in severalty. They have farms and im-
provements, and yet they are exempt from tax-
ation and from all the obligations imposed upon
the citizens of the State of Kansas by the laws
of that State. Men who commit crimes on these
Indian lands arc to be punished, according to
the provisions of this bill, under the laws of the
United States, and not under the laws of the
State of Kansas.
Mr. W1NDOM. I believe the provisions of
the bill extend only to those lands that are held
in severalty by the Indians.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I believe I have
already staled that the bill only extends to
lauds held in severalty by the Indians; the
lauds upon which they are living, the lands
upon which they have farms and improvements.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman who has reported this bill [Mr. Hub-
bard. of Towa] whether it is intended to confer
jurisdiction upon the State of Kansas over these
Indians, who are now under the jurisdiction of
the United States, and to require them to pay
taxes upon lands held in severalty by them to
support the State government of Kansas. If
that is so, I desire to ask farther whether under
this act it is proposed to confer the right of
franchise upon these Indians who are thus to
be taxed for the support of the State govern-
ment.
Mr. IIUBBARD, of Iowa. I will answer the
last question first. I understand that some of
these Indians, or some who are considered a
part of the tribe, are now exercising the right
of voting in the State of Kansas. And one of
them, one of the very men who is holding these
lands in severalty , and who will be embraced
within the provisions of this bill, is now a mem-
ber of the State Legislature of Kansas. It is
the object of this bill to extend the laws of the
St,ate of Kansas over the lands held in severalty
so far as to subject them to taxation. And we
believe that that is right and just.
Mr. ROSS. It is proper, perhaps, as I am
one of the members of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, that I should state that this bill
did hot meet my approbation. I do not think
it is expedient to pass any such bill as this.
Indeed, T regard it as violative of all treaty
obligations between the Government of the
United States and these Indians that these
lands should not be subject to taxation. I
know that there exists on the part of the citi-
zens of Kansas a feeling of hostility toward
those Indians. These Indians occupy lands
in the State of Kansas under treaty stipulations
with the Government of the United States;
and I do not believe it is good policy for Con-
gress to subject them to the laws and.jurisdic-
tion of the State of Kansas. It will create con-
tinual trouble between the Indians and the
whites.
Now, it-is true this bill does not subject to
taxation the Indian lands in Kansas, except so
far as they are set apart in severalty. Bat
why should even those lands be -subjected to
this State taxation? The dividing those lands
among the Indians in severalty does not release
the Government of the United States from the
performance of its treaty stipulation, that these
lands should not be subject to taxation.
This bill was agreed to by a majority of the
Committee on Indian Affairs: and perhaps I
should not have said this much about it. But
it did not receive my assent there, nor can I
vote for it in the House.
Mr. DAVIS. .1 wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Hubbard] whether he
is certain that any of these lands are held in
severalty under any fee which would be held
good in law? We have in the State of New
York several Indian reservations, on which
have been located certain premises whicK are
occupied by the Indians year by year; but
they do not hold under any individual title.
Their title is that of tlie tribe; there is no sep-
arate title. _ And I doubt whether there is a
single Indian reservation within the United
States where there is a title which the Indian
could convey to another. In jny judgment it
is a mere permissive occupation. And I there-
fore ask the gentleman to give us any informa-
tion upon that subject which he may have in
his possession.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Kansas [Mr. Clakke] is much moro fa-
miliar with these Indian lands than I am. But
I will endeavor to answer the question of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis.] I
understand that -under the provisions of the
treaties between some of these Indians and
the Government of the United States provision
is made for the issuing o'f patents, or rather
of certificates, to the Indians for these lands
assigned i n severalty; and under the provis-
ions of these treaties some of these lands may
be certified to the Indians in such a manner
that they will hold an absolute fee in the land.
That is the way I understand it. I now yield
to the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke]
for a moment.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The necessity
for the passage of this bill grows out of the
peculiar state of things which exist in the State
of Kansas. This map which I hold in my hand
represents the Pottawatomie reservation, ori-
ginally thirty miles square, in a compact body.
Under a treaty made some two or three years
since, this reservation was diminished, and the
Indians >vere allowed to select their lands in
severalty, and patents were issued by the Uni-
ted States to these Indians for the lands so held
in severalty. These lands were selected under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
As I think, the Secretary of the Interior wrong-
fully allowed these lands to be selected on any
part of this reservation of thirty miles square.
They were selected in accordance with this map,
an examination of which will show that, while
one section is held by the Indians, an adjoin-
ing section may be held by white men. The
consequence is that while the jurisdictiorfof
the laws of the United States, and the district
court of the United States, extends over the
Indian lands, the jurisdiction of the State
courts extends over the lands immediately
adjoining. Thus there arises a conflict of
jurisdiction.
The object of this bill is to bring about auni-
formity of jurisdiction. Practically, the diffi-
culty is this: half-breeds or sometimes white
men adopted into the Indian tribes go and take
these lands ; and, Mr. Speaker, it is absolutely
impossible to have any uniformity in the exe-
cution of justice unless the laws of Kansas are
extended over those lands. This bill does not
interfere with the subject of taxation ; it does
not interfere with the question of the transfer
of the Indian lands. It simply provides that
