620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
February 2,
vengcance and impose conditions inadmissible
under any corrcet theory of the contest, and
secure certain partisan advantages in the conn-
try. When resistance to the rightful authority
of government becomes the joint act of great
numbers of persons, and assumes the forms and
instruments of war, and can only be overcome
' by the use of the like forms and instruments, it
should be treated as war, and, by the common
consent of civilized nations ana of approved
writers on the laws of nations and of war, it is
so treated. Let one citation on this point suf-
fice. Vattel says: m
"Whenever, therefore, a numerous body of men
think they have a right to resist the sovereign, and
feel themselves in a condition to appeal to the sword,
the war ought to be carried on by the contending par-
ties in the same manner as by two different nations."
Ho admits, however, that—
"A prince, of a cruel and arbitrary disposition, will
immediately pronounce that the laws of war were not
made for rebels, for whom no punishment can be too
severe."
But he invokes an appeal to more sober rea-
son, and says we should—
" Recollect that all of the sovereign's rights are de-
rived from those of the Slate or of civil society, from
the trust reposed in him, from the obligation ho lies
under ot watching over the welfare of the nation, of
procuring her greatest happiness, of maintaining or-
der, iustiee,nd peaeewithin her boundaries."—Vat-
tel, pp. 426, 421.
The teachings of public law are therefore in
harmony with the true interpretation and the
requirements of our Constitution. The obliga-
tions and duties of the Federal and State Gov-
ernments in all their relations to each other
are reciprocal, and the neglect of them by (he
one does not relieve the other from its duty to
observe them. Indeed, throughout the whole
contest no other motive piiuciple was ever ap-
pealed to or avowed on oiu part but the desire
to meet and discharge these obligations and
duties. The views of Judge Sprague and of
Vattel, although written under widely different
circumstances and in different ages, could not
well have been made more applicable to the
condition of our country.
The force of these principles cannot be im-
paired by any fanciful definitions of the word
State, either in its general or constitutional
sense. Some attempts of that kind, with which
this House has been entertained, have exhib-
ited more cunning than candor. It is assumed
by the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
SniXLAiSAlHiw;] lhat a Stale "is a multitude
of people united together by a common interest
and common laws, to which (hoy submit with
one accord." 'This definition is quoted from
Burlamaqui, and was written by him in refer-
ence to nation's generally, and is now made, to
define a State in this Union. What does this
definition require'£ Docs it require that cveiy
citizen of each State shall submit "wilh one
accoid" to the laws of that State, and that his
disobedience shall cause the destruction of the
State ? If so. how long eou Id any Slate on ear! h
exist? If the pcrpetuily of States is thus atlhe
mcrcv of'every citizen, it would require a poltl-
ical millennium to preserve it. I)oes if mean
that the disobedience of the Federal laws by
any citizens of a State, or even by the Legis-
lature of a State, works the destruction of such
State, or severs its relations to the Union? If
60. our Federal Government is indeed a rope
of sand. It lacks the first element of the power
of self-preservation—the right to treat every act
of its citizens, or of its component States, de-
signed to sever their obligations to it, as void
and of no effect—and its existence is main-
tained by a feeble thread. If this definition is
to be accepted as a canon of constitutional con-
struction, then it must he conceded that many
of the now ''loyal'' States have often been out
of their proper relations and appropriate orbits,
and that the Union lias been several times dis-
solved, because many citizens in those States
have always been habitually disobedient of cer-
tain laws of the United Stales, and many State
Legislatures have enacted laws that have been
judicially held to be unconstitutional and void,
and have by Stale legislation practically nulli-
fied within their States a solemn requirement
of the Constitution. But, strange as it may
appear, those States were never supposed on
that account to have ceased to be Statesin active
vital relations with the Union, or to have "ab-
dicated' ' or " forfeited'' their State existence,
or dissolved the Union. They were never taken
charge of by Congress for the purpose of teach-
ing them obedience, or to secure guarantees
against disobedience. But such citizens were
treated as individual offenders, and such enact-
ments were held to be void, although they were
practically operative in those States.
Then it is claimed by the same honorable
gentleman that in order to constitute a State of
our Union, first, "its citizens must owe, ac-
knowledge, and render supreme and habitual
allegiance and obedience to the Constitution,
laws, and treaties of the United States in all
Federal matters;" and second, "all the mem-
bers of the State Legislatures, and its executive
and judicial officers, shall be bound by oath or
affirmation to support the Constitution of the
United States and third, it must have been
admitted into the Union : and fourth, have thus
become entitled as a State to participate in the
control of the Federal Government. Now, as
a statement of the duties of citizens and States
toward the Union, this is excellent doctrine,
and I indorse.it; but as a definition of a State
I am unable to perceive its propriety, although
most emphatically assured by the honorable gen-
tleman that "no one who can read the Con-
stitution will deny that each State in this Union
must have every one of these properties before
it can commence to exist in the Union, because
the Constitution so declares." I have searched
in vain for such a declaration in llie Constitu-
tion. Nor can I find any jn'ovisions in that
gloi ions bond ofgovcrnment which, taken sepa-
rately or together, justify any such conclusions
or afford any rational or logical ground for
such an assumption. It would poorly com-
mend the wisdom of its framers if it were there.
It would require many things to be done by the
State and its citizens as conditions precedent
to its existence which can only be done after
its creation as a State. The State must exist
before its citizcns can owe allegiance or render
obedience to the Federal Government as citi-
zens of the State. The State must exist before
it can have a Legislature, or judges, or a Gov-
ernor who can swear fidelity to the Constitu-
tion. Then the Constitution says:
"The ratification oftho conventions of nine States
shall be sullicieut for the establishment of this Con-
stitution between the States so ratifying the same."
There is nothing in this provision about con-
ditions precedent. When new States are ad-
mitted into this Union the only requirement as
conditions precedentarc tliatthepeoplc of a pro-
scribed territory shall make and adopt a consti-
tution republican in form; and when these things
have been done and duly certified to the Presi-
dent, he by proelumat ion announces the creation
of a State. Then, and not before, ils duties and
obligations as a State in the Union and those
of its citizens allneh. It is thenceforth a mem-
ber and ils citizens are subjects of an inde-
structible Union.
The acts of such State in its corporate ca-
pacity. which are in violation of the Federal
Conslitution, are simply void. Suppose its
Legislature and its judges and Governor should
refuse or fail to take the constitutional oath
of office, or should take the oath and then
violate it by the enactment of an unconstitu-
tional law, or by a like decision of its eouits,
ca- by a like act of its Governor, which have
too often been done in both sections of the
Union. Would these things take the State out
of vital relations with the Union? Would they
work a dissolution of the Union? Or make
dead States? Surely not. The Government
would merely vindicate its authority by its ap-
propriate officers and tribunals. The princi-
ple and legal results would be the same whether
the rightful authority of the Government were
thus resisted by officers or citizens of the State;
by one hundred, one thousand, or one hundred
thousand. If the resistance could not be over-
come by the ordinary agencies of civil power,
then the Government would be equally bound
to use other appropriate means to vindicate
and reestablish its authority. But such vindi-
cation can result in no enlargement of the pow-
ers of the Government. The Constitution is
still the supreme law. If the people of any of
the States have dropped out of their official
relations with it, it is their duty, by their own
voluntary acts, in accordance with their own
laws, to resume those relations. With the right
understanding of these practical questions the
abstract definition of a State has but little to
do. The ideas of the publicists on these sub-
jects have but little relation to such a system
of States and government as that of our Amer-
ican Union. The highest authority and safest
guide for us on these questions is the Consti-
tution itself.
W e may say, in the language of a distinguished
publicist, that a State is, "in its most enlarged
sense, a self-sufficient body of persons united
together in one community for the defense of
their rights, and to do right and justice to for-
eigners." Or we may say, in the language of
another, that'' in a more limited sense, the word
State expresses merely the positive or actual
organization of the legislative and judicial pow-
ers." In other words, in one case, the State
is made nearly synonymous with the people,
and in the .ptlicr with the Government. But
none of these propositions can control the
obvious intention of the Constitution, that the
States should continue perpetually as compo-
nent parts of the Union, with the perfect and
guarantied right of local self-government, in
subordination to the rightful authority of the
Federal Government.
It is substantially assumed by the same hon-
orable gentleman that the closing of the south-
ern ports during the war was a regulation of
| commerce in the constitutional sense of that
expression, and that those ports could not have
been closed if those States had the rights of
States in the Union. But it is a mere perversion
of terms to call a blockade a regulation of com-
merce. The blockade was merely the exercise
of a belligerent right by the Federal Govern-
ment as a war measure, a means to suppress
the rebellion. The Supreme Court say, in the
prize cases, that "one belligerent engaged in
actual war has a right to blockade the ports of
the other." and that, "to create this and other
belligerent rights, as against neutrals, it is not
necessary that the party claiming them should
be at war with a separate and independent
Power. The parties to a civil war arc in the same
predicament as two nations who engage in a
contestandhaverecoursetoarms." 'Theblock-
ade was declared as a means of crippling the
power of the rebellion. It in no way recog-
nized the independence of the States wdiose
ports were blockaded, or impaired their equal
rights in the Union upon the restoration of
peace. If it did. then the President or Con-
gress could now. in time of profound peace,
declare a valid blockade of the same ports, or
Congress might now, in the adjustment of tar-
iffs, give preferences to the ports of other States
over ihose of the States lately in rebellion. But
he would be a bold advocate of confusion and
revolution who would maintain the right to ex-
ercise such powers now. I answer the honor-
able gentleman 011 these points by reference
again to the decision of .fudge Spraguc in the
case of the Amy Warwick, which commends
itself alike by its sterling common sense, patri-
otic fidelity to the Constitution, and entire con-
sistency with the principles of public law.
But, lest these doctrines of the practical in-
dependence of the southern confederacy, of the
suicide of the rebel Stales, of the forfeiture of
their rights as States, and of their corporate
existence, or of whatever else it maybe called,
may not be entirely satisfactory to all, it is sug-
gested that, if these rebel States are still in the
Union, in a state of suspended animation, then,
under the authority of the provision of the Con-
stitution that "the United States shallguaranty
to every State in this Union a republican form
of government," they may be taken into a sort
of national guardianship by the Federal Gov-
