1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
eminent, and constitutions formed for, or dic-
tated to, them, that shall be republican in form.
This doctrine would, certainly, be a very desira-
ble one to the advocates of it if they were in-
trusted with the duly of making those constitu-
tions. But let us inquire briefly into the proper
construction of that provision in our Constitu-
tion. What does it mean?
It may be first observed, that this important
provision is based upon the recognition of sev-
eral principles of vital importance to the success
and harmony of our system of government. It
requires that the States to bo dealt with under
this power must be "States in this Union," and
not foreign States, or States out of the Union,
which are to be clothed in republican forms of
government by Congress and then brought into
the Union. If the latter kind of States desire
admission into the Union, the duty of Congress
is derived from the grant of power to admit new
States.
It also requires that every State in this Union
shall be entitled to have and maintain a sepa-
rate State government, based on the right of
the people to govern themselves through public
organs of a representative character, chosen
by themselves. Otherwise, their government
would not.be republican inform or substance.
It supposes that as the guarantee is of perpet-
ual obligation, the Union and the States guar-
antied shall also be perpetual, and that there-
fore no State lias any right or power, by suicide,
forfeiture, or otherwise, to destroy its repub-
lican form of government, its Statehood in the
Union, or sever its connection with the Union.
The States, in contemplation of law and of the
Constitution, must continue to exist as States,
and must exercise their right of self-government
so far only in subordination to the Fedeial Gov-
ernment as their powers are limited by the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The great object of this provision is to secure
general harmony of fundamental principles of
Government between the Union and States of
which it is composed. It is not designed to
secure a system of government in each State in
which the local administration shall be exactly
the same in form or principle as that in every
other State. How much or how little power
shall be imported to the State government by
the people of the State, what restrictions shall
be imposed upon it. how many departments
there shall be. what shall be the duties of each
department, whether the Legislature shall con-
sist of one or two branches, what shall be the
official names of theirofficers, and all other mat-
ters relating to the internal affairs of the State,
iO its essential right of local self-government,
are left by the Constitution of'the United States
to the sole determination of the people of the
State, except in the few particulars in which
powers are withheld from the States and the
people by the federal Constitution. That this
provision does not imply a necessity for any
precise form or uniform arrangement of State
governments is rendered clear beyond doubt !
by the historical fact, that when it was adopted ;
there were no two States in the Union whose i
State constitutions and forms of government
did not differ in numerous and very important
respects. Indeed, the State of Connecficut con- j
tinued to exist under the royal cliat ter, with- ;
out any constitution in the American sense,
until lHJy. and the State of Rhode Island until i
a still more recent period.
It is. if possible, still more clear that this
guarantee was net intended by its authors, or
by the St a! es or people, to secure a uniform rule I
or basis of suffrage in the several States as a
necessary element in a "republican l'oim of,
government." Such general suffrage as then
prevailed in the Slates was, no doubt, consid- ;
ered an indispensable part of the republican ;
svslem of government intended to be estab-
lished in this country, but the contemporaneous
regulations in the different States on the sub-
ject of suffrage were so diverse, both in extent
and principle, as to render incontrovertible the
conclu.-.ion that it was the intention of all par-
ties. makers and people and States alike, that
all matters pertaining to the basis of suffrage ,
should be left to the exclusive control of the
States respectively.
What, then, does this guarantee mean? Can
we do better than to consult the fathers, the
makers and earliest expounders of the Consti-
tution, for an answer to this inquiry? Alex-
ander Hamilton, in the twenty-first number of
the Federalist, says:
"The inordinate pride of State importancehas sug-
gested to some minds an objection to the principle
of a guarantee in the Federal Government as involv-
ing an officious interference in thedomestic concerns
of th c mem bers. A scruple of this kind would deprive
us of one of the principal advantages to be expected
from anion, and can only flow from a misapprehen-
sion of the nature of the provision itself. It could
be no impediment to the reforms of the State consti-
tutions by a majority of the people in a legal and
peaecablemode. Thi- right would remain undimin-
ished. The guarantee could only operate against
changcs to be eli'ected by violence. Toward the pre-
vention of calamities of this kind too many checks
cannot be provided.'' s * ~ « "A guar-
antee bytlie national authority would be us much
directed against the usurpations of rulers as against
the ferments and outrages of faction and sedition in
the community."
James Madison, in the forty-third number of
the Federalist, says:
"It may possibly be aslced whether it may not be-
come a pretext for alterations in the State govern-
ments. without the concurrencc of the States them-
selves. It may be answered that, if the General
Government should interpose by viitue of this consti-
tutional authority, it will be of course bound 1o pursue
the authority. Jjut the uuthoritu extends no further
thrni to a guarantee of a republican form of govern-
ment, ifhir.h support* a j' government of the
form lalach is to be guarantied. As long, there-
fore, as the existing republican forms are continued
by the States they aie guarantied by the Fedei.il
Constitution. Whenever the States may choose to
substitute other republican forms, they have a right
to do so, and to claim the Federal guaiantee for the
latter. The only restriction imposed on them is that
they shall not exchange republican for anti-repub-
lican constitutions."
Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, quoting these opinions of Hamil-
ton and Madison, says:
" The Federalist has spoken with so much force and
piopiiety upon tins subject that it supersedes all
further reasoning."
Now, these expositions seem eminently rea-
sonable and just, they are certainly worthy of
the very highest respect, and then they have
the singular merit of suggesting an interpreta-
tion that is in every respect practical and con-
sistent with the great American principle of
local self-government. They do not permit
the Federal Government to embark upon a wild
sea of experiment, or to depart from the safe
anchorage of fundamental principle. They
assign to the Federal Ci overnment the high duty
of external protection, and leave to the people
of the States the inalienable rischt of internal
self-control. They jtive to (he Federal Govern-
ment no license or color of right to go into any
State and assume the control or management
of any of the domestic concerns or relations
of the people of such State. These constitute
the appropriate, peculiar, and exclusive subjects
of Stale control : and they cannot be wisely or
safely intrusted to any other. The States in
these matters cannot he legally or constitution-
ally superseded by any :' bureau'' of the Federal
Government.
In other words, that provision amounts only
to a guaranteo by the United States to the
States of governments already established in
the States respectively which arc republican in
form, and imposes upon the United States an
obligation to protect the States in (he enjoy-
ment of such established government" against
the wicked efforts of alt enemies, either from
within or without the Staks, by Molenee to
overthrow or usurp or change them. Colli
authority and reason concur in this interpre-
tation. It is in beautiful harmony with the
doctrine of the reciprocal obligations arising
out of our complex system of government be-
tween the Union and the Stales. It is also
entirely consistent with every practical con-
struction of it by our Government either before
or during the rebellion.
There appears, therefore, to be no respectable
color of authority under the provision in ques-
tion for Congress to assume the guardianship
of the States lately in rebellion, either as a con-
quered nation. or as States or as ten ltorv, or to
ignore their continued statehood in the Union,
.or to govern them as dependencies or colo-
nies of Congress, by agents and officers, mili-
tary or civil, appointed by Congress. It affords
still less countenance to the fatal doctrine that
Congress may dictate forms of government to
those States. That doctrine repudiates the
most vital principle of our system of govern-
ment—that the people are to be regarded as
the sole original source of all political authority,
that all legitimate government must rest upon
their will. If a despotism or a permanent mili-
tary government were established in any State
by internal or external enemies, it would be the
duty of Congress to overthrow it, because vio-
lative of every essential principle of republican
government. But it would not, therefore, be-
come the duty of Congress to frame and putin
force another government in such State, for, as
Mr. Madison says, the guarantee supposes a
preexisting government, republican in form,
which, on the overthrow of such despotism or
military government, merely resumes its sway
over the State. If a now government is to be
made, and not an old one revived, the people
of the State must make it, not Congress. If
there be two hostile parties in the State, the
President or Congress may interpose to main-
tain order until the people oan reconstruct their
own government upon a republican basis.
Here is to be found one of the strong foun-
dation principles upon which the present Ex-
ecutive rests his effective and beneficent policy
of restoration, by which he has already accom-
plished so many results alike surprising and en-
couraging to the country and to the friends of
our Government throughout the world.
But the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania attempts to destroy this foundation b}7 the
citation of an obiter dictum from the opinion
of the late distinguished and excellent Chief
Justice in the case of Luther vs. Borden, (7
Howard, page 1.) He is the same excellent
Chief Justice whom the honorable gentleman
informs the country he is afraid has been
"damned to everlasting fire." And the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio cites the same dic-
tum, and also an opinion from 1 Bishop on
Criminal Law, in section one hundred and thir-
ty-three, to tlie same effect, which rests upon
no other authority than that dictum. The quo-
tation is:
"tinder this article of the Constitution [the one
above citedj it rests with Congress to decide what
government is tlie established one in a State. For,
as the United States guaranty to each State a repub-
lican government, Congiess must necessarily decide
what government is established in the State before it
can determine whether it is republican or not."
This opinion of the Chief Justice was not
called for by any question in the case decided
by him. It is not incorporated into the state-
ment of flic decided points in-the case by the
reporter. To determine the appropriateness
of it, as a passing comment by the judge, we
must' look into the facts of the case itself. The
case was a common action of trespass for un-
lawfully entering another man's house to arrest
him for alleged crime. It arose in 1812, and
was commenced in the State of lihode Island.
The person making the arrest was acting under
the authority of tlie established government of
that State under its royal charter. Thcpcrsoa
arrested was claiming .some authority under the
new government of that State alleged to have
been established by the people under the lead-
ership of Thomas W. Dorr. The case there-
fore supposes two separate governments elaim-
i ing to have lawful existence in the same Stare
1 at'lhe same time. Which was the legitimate
J government was the question to be settled in
] the case by the court. It was decided by the
State court of Rhode Island, and affirmed by
! the Supreme Court of the United States, to bo
j the old charter government.
| Does any such state of facts exist now? Is
i Congress called upon uowto determine which of
' tivo governments in any southern Slate is the
, legitimate one? l)o two dolegatious from any
one State ask admission to Congress as repre-
sentatives of two separate State governments
1 in that State? There is no such case. The
