622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 2,
authority, therefore, has no weight. It is not in-
consistent with the action or policy of the Pres-.
ident toward the southern States. I believe two
senatorial delegations do ask admission to the
other end of the Capitol from the State of Louis-
iana, but both claim to represent the same State
under the same State constitution and govern-
ment. I believe also -that one gentleman, not
of the regular delegation to this House, from
that Slate asks admission here as a delegate
from the Territory of Louisiana, and is said to
base his claim chiefly upon the suffrages of
African citizens of that State. This hardly
presents a case to which the remarks of Chief
Justice Taney in the Rhode Island case are
applicable. No law of Congress is needed to
determine which set of Senators should be ad-
mitted to the Senate from the State of Louisiana.
That question is referred by the Constitution of
the United States to the exclusive adjudication
of the Senate itself.
"Each House shall be tlie judge of tho elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members."
It is due to the whole country, and especially
to the States in question, that each branch of
this Congress should assert its own dignity and
resume the exercise of its own functions in this
particular, and receive and consider and decide
for itself the applications of Representatives
for admission to it from southern States. Any
other course can only work injustice, mischief,
and strife.
It may be further remarked, in connection
with the case of Luther against Borden, that
Congress never did decide which of the two gov-
ernments in Rhode Island was the legitimate
one; but the President of the United States
did, and the court in that case say that lie was
fully authorized so to decide, and that his de-
cision was binding upon the court. The present
Executive was met by no such embarrassment.
There has never ceased to bo a government in
every southern State that, in the sense of the
framers of our Constitution, was "republican
in form," except in so far as they attempted,
by changes in their constitutions, to deny tho
rightful authority of the Federal Government.
But the administration of those governments
was usurped during the rebellion. That usurpa-
tion has been completely overthrown and aban-
doned. Most of those governments are again
committed to the control and administration of
officers chosen according to their own require-
ments. The interposition of the Executive has
been such only as seemed to him to be neces-
sary to enable the people to effect the reorgan-
izations of their former rightful governments,
lie has also urged the adoption by them of cer-
tain measures which were necessary to insure
more harmonious submission by the people of
those States to proper Federal authority. No
patriot, North or South, should complain on
account of such recommendations, nor with-
hold from the people of those States great praise
for the prompt and cheerful manner in which
they have adopted I hem.
It may also be observed in connection with
the same case, and as illustrating the tuie in-
terpretation ofthe provision guarantying to the
States governments '' republican in form,': that
the government in Rhode Island, held by the
President in 1842, and by the Supreme Court
m 1848, to be " republican in form," and, there-
fore, as good as the United States was bound
to guaranty to that State, was the same govern-
ment organized and maintained under the char-
ter granted in 1GG3 by Charles II to the " Gov-
ernor and Company of the English Colony of
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations in
New England in America," and thai, under that
republican government, in 1842, no man was
entitled to vote unless he was a freeholder, an
owner of land. That State must needs have
been divided into small sections to give many
citizens a chance to become qualified to vote.
It was not thought then that Rhode Island
needed to be reconstructed by Congress. The
constitution of that State now requires that the
rignt of suflrage shall only be exercised by per-
sons owning real estate woith §184 each or
having an equivalent rental value.
It is maintained by the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spai.ping] that Congress
acquires such powers to take charge of the
States lately in rebellion as are necessary to
enable it to accomplish the ends desired by
him, from the last clause of the eighth section
of the first article of the Constitution, which
recites, after the preceding enumeration of the
powers of Congress:
"And to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, or in
any department or officer thereof."
Mr. Speaker, there are but few provisions
in our Constitution that have heretofore chal-
lenged more elaborate and profound examin-
ation, either by courts or statesmen, than the
one just quoted ; and I supposed that a conclu-
sion had been reached, alike obligatory upon
the courts and Congress, and satisfactory to
the people. That conclusion, expressed in tho
language of Justice Story, is that—
" The plain import of the clause is, that Congress
shall have all the incidental and instrumental pow-
ers necessary and proper to carry into execution all
the express powers. It neither enlarges any power
specially granted, nor is it a grant of any new power
to Congress; but it is merely a declaration for the re-
moval of all uncertainty, that the means of carrying
into execution those otherwise granted arc included
in tho grant. Whenever, therefore, a question arises
concerning the constitutionality of a particular power
the first question is, whether the power be expressed
in the Constitution. If it be, the question is decided.
If it be not expressed, the next inquiry must be whether
it is properly an incident to an ox pre-- power, and
necessary to its execution. If it be, then itmay be ex-
ercised by Congress; if not, Congress can not exerciso
it."—Story on the Constitution, sec.1213.
This opinion is subst antially concurred in by
no less competent and distinguished personages
than Alexander Hamilton, (Federalist, No. 8;!,)
James Madison, (Federalist, No. 44, j Thomas
Jefferson, and James Monroe, and nearly every
other statesman of past times in our country.
I think the country will bo content with this
construction, so deliberately given, and by such
unselfish patriots, and will not suffer itself long
to hanker after the exercise of ungranted power
for the purpose of prolonging an estrangement
that appeals so loudly for the healing counsels
of peace and union. The power sought by the
honorable gentleman must find a more substan-
tial foundation than the one on which he has
seen fit to rest it. It should have an abiding
place in some express grant of power, or should
arise by a fair and just implication from such a
grant. If there had been any such in the Con-
stitution, it is fair to presume that that learned
gentleman would have cited it. It, is not there.
It would be extraordinary, indeed, if it were.
K would be a most dangerous power to repose
anywhere, except in the collective body of the
people. It is asked in reference to the States
lately in rebellion—
''Where does the Constitution of the United States
lodge the power to prescribe an eifeetive remedy for
this impaired vitality, and to restore to liealty action
these suspended functions
I would answer that, so far as external aid
is required, it should come from the President,
in (he form of amnesty, with such exceptions
and qualifications as the future and permanent
welfare ofthe country demand; buUifter these
things are done, the physician who is invested
with the constitutional right and natural capa-
city to prescribe an effective remedy for this
impaired vitality, and to restore to healthy
action these suspended functions, is the peo-
ple of those States respectively. Their right to
self-government was not sacrificed by their at-
tempted separation from the Union, except so
far as they may be individually deprived thereof [
by conviction of crime. That right has not J
become the property of Congress. It belongs j
to tjjc people. And Congress is not even their
guardian in matters of local State government. [
Those States are either in the Union or out of
it. If they are only half in, for the purpose of
being governed by Congress, they might as well
be entirely out, for there would then be no more
difficulty in governing them by Congress; be-
sides, if they were entirely out, as is boldly
claimed by the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevexs] and others, there would
then be less dispute about the right of Congress
to govern them. But Mr. Lincoln, in his first
inaugural, said:
" In contemplation of universal law, andoftheCon-
stitution, the union of the States is perpetual."
And, '
" It follows from these views that no State, upon its
own mere motion, can lawfully get out ofthe Union;
that resolves and ordinances to that effect are legally
void."
And the present Executive says the same
thing, and is acting, in the discharge of his
solemn duties, consistently therewith.
The honorable gentleman frona Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] assumes that those States are
out of the Union, and can only come in as new
States, and the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] "for the sake ofthe argu-
ment," assumes that the position of the Ex-
ecutive that they are still in the. Union is cor-
rect, but both gentlemen and their followers
strike hands in their determination to keep them
out of Congress, and not recognize them as
vitalized and acting members of the Union
until certain constitutional amendments can be
adopted by the other States and put into oper-
ation as the supreme law of the land; until, in
other words, a new Constitution, a new Fed-
eral Government, can be formed, without their
cooperation or consent, into which, and into
obcdience to which, they shall afterward be
compelled to come. It strikes me that would
be reconstructing the Union with a vengeance.
We will change the Constitution to suit our
views; we will change the qualifications for
members of Congress so that no man who par-
ticipated in the rebellion shall ever be eligible
to a seat in the Senate or House: we will change
the basis of representation in Congress so that
none but voters shall be counted; we will give
Congress the right to impose duties on exports
from States so that we can tax the cotton
raised in the South at the rate of §100,000,000
per annum or more; we will give to Congress
the right to legislate for and control the negro
population of the States in their relations and
intercourse with the white population; we will
give to Congress tho right to make uniform the
civil rights of the people of all the States, so
that under the cover of that right it may regu-
late the right of suffrage in the States, and there-
by control the States themselves, and revolu-
tionize and centralize the C! overnment; we will,
by way of anticipation, insert into the Consti-
tution express prohibitions upon the States and
the people against doing any mean or wicked
things in the future; and then, all these things
done, we will not invite the southern States to
come into the Union and enjoy with us this new
order of things, but we will make them come in;
and then we will boast of our glorious system
of self-government, and elaim that all rightful
government rests upon the consent of the gov-
erned.
Mr. Speaker, it is not in this way that the
genius of free government can be illustrated ;
that enduring peace can be secured; that na-
tional prosperity can be reestablished; that fra-
ternal intercourse between the sections of our
country can bo restored; that confidence and
content can be brought back to the people of the
South; that the malignant elements of discord
can be kept out of our national councils, or that
the bleeding wounds of our country and our
countrymen can be healed. Such policy, in my
humble judgment, if the power to enforce it
were clear beyond doubt, would be most un-
wise and suicidal.
" It is excellent
To have a, giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant."
Mr. Speaker, so far as the President is con-
cerned, 1 beg leave to say that I only know him
as the chief Executive of the Union. 1 do not
enjoy his confidence or that of any gentleman
in his Administration, so far as I am advised.
I only know that in the discharge of the impor-
tant duties committed to me, under the guidance
of my own judgment and conscience, enlight-
ened somewhat by the wisdom and examples of
the past, I am compelled to choose between
the policy adopted by the Executive for the
