1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
such attachment made within three months nextpre-
cCuing the commencement of said proceedings, &c.
Mr. JENCKBS. If the gentleman will make
it four months \ will accept it.
Mi1. ItOGERS. That is along time.
Mr. JENCKES. It is not longer than in
most of the States. This is simply to prevent
fraudulent preferences by way of attachments.
I have looked through the laws of all the States
and think that four months would be a fair aver-
age.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I hope that
amendment will not prevail. In my own State
attachment proceedings may be commenced
and concluded within three months. I do not
know what the effect would be, but I think it
would set a^ide sides of property. _ If so, it
would produce a g sat deal of injustice.
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all. In the gentle-
man's own Stale, and in most of the other
States, no order for attachment can issue except
that which would authorize an adjudication of
bankruptcy under this act. This is to prevent
the procurement of fraudulent preferences by
way of attachment.
If the gentleman will look at the laws of the
States, I think that four months will be found
to be a very fair average. I think that it is
sixty days in Connecticut aud six months in
Massachusetts. In some of the Stales attach-
ments are set aside two years—what are called
in technical phrase "sleeping attachments."
Mr. fti'KBA I'D, of Iowa. If the objection
1 have made to this provision is corrected by
other provisions of the bill, I will not insist 011
moving any amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Rogkhs's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. .1KNCKES. F now move to amend by
making it four months instead of six months.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKKS. When the bill was last up
several amendments wrn proposed to this
section, and L would like to know what has
become of them.
The SFKAKI'jR. Gentlemen only cave no-
tice of t he amendments, but did not oiler them.
Mr. .1KNCKMS. [ have prepared an amend-
ment which 1 think will meet all the objections
to this section. 1 move after these words—
Procitlcd, harrrcr, That there shall be excepted
from lite operation of the provisions of this section
the necessary household and kitchen furniture, and
such other articles and necessaries of such bankrupt
as the said ausiirnee shall designate and set apart,
having reference in the amount to thefamily, condi-
tion, and cueiun^tanees of the^ bankrupt, but alto-
gether not to exceed in value, in a.ny case, tho sum
of .5"i(W; and also tho wearing apparel of such bank-
rupt, and that ofhis wite and children, and the uni-
form, arms, and equipments of any person who is or
has been a soldier in the militia, or 311 the service of
the United States; and such other (uopcity as noiv
is, or hcreatter shall be, exempted from attachment
or seizure or levy on execution by tho laws of tho
United states.
To add the following:
And such other property not included in tho fore-
fnin^ exceptions ;is is exempted from levy and sale
upon execution by the laws of the ^tate in which the
bankrupt has Lis domicilo at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings iii bankruptcy to an
amount not exceeding that allowed by such Stato
exemption laws which were in force in the year 1861.
Mr, HALE. I ask the chairman of the
committee whether the. amendment is not open
to the objection that it is a departure from the
provision of the Constitution that the law shall
be uniform in its operations?
Mr. JENCIvES. I think not sir; I have
considered the question carefully and have con-
sulted those learned in the law on this subject.
The better opinion seems to be that tho re-
quirement of the Constitution in using the word
'•uniform" or "'uniformity'' is that the ttni-
fo-mity shall be with regard to persons and not
with regard to any particular exemption or any
particular allowance. A person who comes to
take possession of the property of a bankrupt
whose assets amount to nothing, of course there
is no estate out of which to pay him. --Another
bankrupt, whose assets amount to $1,000,000,
the allowance may be made to the fillest ex-
tent of the laws of the State where he lives.
The provision of the Constitution requires
uniformity with regard to the person, not equal-
ity with regard to any allowances that may be
made or of payment of costs or of dividends in
the course of proceedings.
And I will say farther for the information
of the gentleman that 1 consider that this law
if now made applicable to the business and
property of the country must take effect ujjon
that property according to the laws by which
it is held. The laws of the several States
affecting the title to property, the rules for its
transmission by conveyance or descent, and the
terms and conditions under which it may be
held, are not to be altered by the laws of the
United States. What may be done hereafter
may be a different thing.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me the gentleman
is in error in the construction which he gives
to the language of the Constitution, that by a
uniform system of bankruptcy is meant one
which shall operate with uniformity through-
out the Union, with uniformity as to the rights
of persons or of property which persons may
hold. Take the case of homestead exemption.
I think there is now in nearly all the States a
homestead exemption to a greater or less ex-
tent.
Mr. .1ENCKES. This does not alter it.
Mr. HALE. In the State of Vermont the
homestead exemption is limited to $500 in
value; in New York it is limited to $1,000;
and in some of the western States there is, I
believe, an exemption of land without limita-
tion in value. . *
Mr. JENCKES. 1 beg leave to correct the
gentleman. There is no Stato except Texas,
under the laws existing there before the rebel-
lion, in which there is an exemption without
limitation.
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon ; I think Wiscon-
sin and Iowa both exempt real estate to the
amount, of a certain number of acres.
Mi-. KASSON. I will state that in Iowa
there is a limitation of forty acres for a farm,
and halt'an acre for a dwelling.
Mr. HALE. Without limitation as to value.
And F understand Iowa is not the only State.
Mr, SPA LDING. In Wisconsin, I believe,
it is without limitation,' provided it shall be a
homestead.
Mr. HALE. There are States again in which
there is no exemption of real estate. It seems
to me it cannot butsfrike every one that in in-
troducing this question of bankruptcy, if we
are going to adopt the exemption laws of the
Stat.es, we are going to have the greatest possi-
ble latitude.
Mr. KASSON". I inovetoamend theamend-
ment by striking out the last woid.
I 1 egret, that my friend from New York [Mr.
IIai.kJ should oppose a proposition of this
kind, touching a question as prceious to the
judgment, conscience, and heart of western
men as this idea of a homestead exempt from
violent seizure under the law. If other States
have not seen fit to adopt this great principle
of legislation then it is their fault and should
not be made our misfortune. Every debt in-
curred for 3-ears among onr people has been
incurred with reference to just these exemp-
tions, and the equality of the proposed pro-
vision of the gentleman from Rhode Island
consists in Ihe fact that it neither takes from
nor adds to the property which was liable for
the payment of debts. The property which
the creditors had claims to at the time the debt
was incurred remains. That is the general
rule, and it is equitable.
It also leaves intact the rights and customs
of the State, which, in some respects, are more
1 important than a bankrupt law itself.
I am ready and anxious to support a bank-
I rupt bill, but without protection of the home-
steads of my people against the action that
might result under it, 1 would prefer to have
no bankrupt law at all. The d'ebfor cannot
: make bis first start in the recovery of his pros-
! perity and the comfort of his family unless he
j has a shelter for his wife and children, It is
j a very fundamental condition of a return of
, prosperity to this interest, of the country, which
! this law is intended, I apprehend, to secure by
releasing these debtors from the burden now
imposed upon them by the laws. It will stim-
ulate their efforts for the deliverance of them-
selves from burdensome debt.
For these reasons, I hope the House will
allowthese exemptions to lake effectand secure
the equal operation of this law as to debtors in
all the States by adopting a rule that leaves to
the creditor only that class of property with
reference to the security of which his debt was
contracted.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa.
However much I may be disposed to sup-
port a national bankrupt bill—and I think there
is no man on this floor more disposed to do it
—I must say as a lawyer that I agree with the
gentleman from New York, that if you estab-
lish this inequality which must arise from ex-
cepting these homesteads as reserved to debtors
by the respective States, you no longer have a
uniform rule of bankruptcy in the U nited States.
I say it reluctantly, but I say it from my hon-
est conviction as a lawyer that this cannot be
done consistently with the Constitution of the
United States. Now, I have the greatest re-
spect for the legal capacity of my friend, the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Jexckes,]
but I think with the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hale] that in this particular his zeal for
the passage of this bill outruns his knowledge
of constitutional law.
Suppose I should live in the State of Illinois,
and should contract debts beyond my ability
to pay. I there hold a homestead worth say
$25,000. The laws of the State of Illinois
would allow me to reserve a homestead of the
value say of $1,000. This bankrupt law is
passed with the provision which my friend
wishes to insert. I have only to sell my home-
stead and pass over into Wisconsin and invest
the whole amount in a homestead there, and
it is protected from my creditors ; whereas if
F remain in Illinois I could only hold $1,000.
Tn my own State, Ohio, I could hold to the
value of $500. So it is in many of the States.
But in some of them there is no limitation of
the value of the homestead, provided it is con-
sidered as such; and in Texas, we are tokl, it
runs to any extent in land. Now this is an in-
equality. I say it as a lawyer, and not because
I wish to defeat the measure, because I should
hope, even if this provision should be inserted,
that the bill should pass.
Mr. IvASSON. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. I offer an amendment to the
•amendment, by adding the following:
I'rov'ulril, That the foregoing exception shall oper-
ate as a limitation upon the conveyance of the prop-
erty of the bankrupt to the assignee, and in no ease
shall the property hereby excepted pass to the as-
sisneo or tho title of the bankrupt thereto bo im-
paired or affected by any of the provisions of this act.
Mr. HILL. I think that is not germane to
the amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. There is no doubt about its
being germane, as I will show.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
germane.
Mr. SLOAN. The object of this amendment
is this: while I believe with the gentleman from
Rhode Island that the exemption of a home-
stead or other property as provided by State
laws is valid, and is not in conflict witlj the
Constitution, which provides for uniformity,
yet there may be some doubt upon that ques-
tion. It may be true, as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has just argued, that the
provision excepting a homestead will be held
by our courts to bo void for want of uniformity.
If that be so the exemption will simply become
void, but the bankrupt law will be operative,
and the homestead, with all other property
exempted by the law of the State, will be swept
away from the debtor.
The object of this amer.dment is to make that
exception a limitation upon the grant of the
property; so that, if th^ exception should be
held void, in no event can the propei fv pass,
and the whole law will fall, instead of simply
the exception falling, and the law remaining
good. While I am disposed to support this
