APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5>
Ho. op Eeps.
Loyal Men Must Rule—Mr. Bundy.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
ests when properly understood are mutual, and
the Government should extend to both just such
protection as will enable them to control the
markets here, which would be regulated by
supply and demand, and keep out the products
of foreign countries.
We are not compelled to be thus dependent
on other nations for anything which we can
grow or manufacture here out of the produc-
tions of our own soil, and should in nowise be
so for our wool, our iron, or our coal. In refer-
ence to wool, we know we can grow more sheep
and raise more wool, if protected by a just tariff,
than any people in the world. In England the
estimate is one sheep to one and three quarters
of an acre; Ohio and Vermont have one to four
and one half acres; New York one to six and
one half acres; Iowa one to twenty-four acres;
and the United States one to fifty-seven acres.
Now we have at least twenty million sheep, pos-
sibly twenty-two millions, in the United States,
producing over sixty million pounds of wool.
We should at this time have more than twice
this number of sheep and twice this amount of
wool for our own consumption ; and if our pop-
ulation increases the next twenty years as it did
the last twenty, we shall need sixty million
sheep to produce the wool we will require for
our own people.
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt if we are true
to ourselves as a people; if we succeed in
securing peace and harmony and proper guar-
antees against the recurrence of internal strife
hereafter; if we are able to extend the spirit
of our free institutions as we progress, the
time will come, and probably within the life
of some of our own children, when there will
be scattered over this widely extended country
one hundred millions of an active, intelligent,
and industrious population. These must all be
supplied with means of labor and subsistence,
must be clothed and fed. When that time
comes, one hundred and eighty million sheep
will be required to produce all the wool needed
for these _pcople alone; and this is' no exag-
gerated picture. I present the case in this
light to show how vast an interest it is destined
to become, and what a field is here opened up
to the active, intelligent young men of the
country. Now, too many of these are crowded
into our cities and villages seeking a tempo-
rary subsistence, wasting the vigor of youth be-
hind the counter, in the counting-room, at the
desk, or loafing among the dens of infamy, and
with undeveloped physical or mental powers
do little for themselves or their race, and often
in the end become a burden and expense to so-
ciety. Let them look to this and other fields
of enterprise, and early identify with the per-
manent and growing interests in these new
and undeveloped fields of labor in the West
and Northwest. «
It may be expected that I should say some-
thing in reference to the increase of the tariff
on iron as well as wool, as there is a large
amount of capital invested in that business in
one of the counties of my district, and because
it is a question of such general interest. An
examination of the statistics reveals the same
facts that are presented in reference to wool;
the competition is ruinous and entirely de-
structive to the manufacturers of iron, and
unless relief is speedily afforded many of them
will be compelled to put out their fires and the
thousands of hands be thrown out of employ-
ment, and, as is natural, will seek their living
from the soil and become producers instead of
consumers. Though the monetary affairs and
the expansion consequent on the condition of
the country requiring a large circulation—tem-
porary causes—had much to do in keeping up
the price of iron and wool and other products,
and creating an erroneous impression on many
minds that there was no especial need of in-
creased duties, that delusion has to yield to the
undeniable fact that just now the monthly re-
turns show larger balances against us than for
years, and not only alarm the manufacturers
of wool and iron, but create serious apprehen-
sions for the credit of the Government. The
estimates made in July last of the amount of
our indebtedness to Europe on United States
bonds and railroad and other securities was
$900,000,000; now, it is very safe to say it is
$1,200,000,000, the annual interest and ex-
change on which would be over ninety million
dollars in specie. Add to this the fact that at
this moment there is and has been for some
months an American free-trade league in New
York, which would be much better denomi-
nated the British free-trade league, sending
out its poison all over the country in the shape
of tracts and documents—doubtless published
by British capital—to instill in the minds of our
people a doctrine which all experience here
proves fallacious; for almost every revulsion to
which this country has been subject for forty
years has occurred when these balances were
so largely in favor of Europe, and when the tariff
was repealed or so much reduced as to invite
this state of things.
No practical or sensible man can be led
away by such miserable delusion. If the tariff
of 1842 had not proved prejudicial to British
interests, why should they have spent (as has
since been alleged) over a million dollars here
to modify and repeal it, and under the v£ry
same pretenses now offered? The practical
common sense of every farmer and artisan or
mechanic in any community could refute these
miserable free-trade theories. Ask one of
these wlflit he thinks of the policy of purchas-
ing thirty millions' worth of iron and steel in
Europe to lay a railroad over the iron-ore and
coal-iields of Pennsylvania. Again, ask them
to look at the thirty-five millions paid annu-
ally to the foreign market for laces, silks,
articles of luxury, many of which are bought
merely to be sold to gratify the pride and vanity
of a useless class of our own people who eon-
tribute nothing to the real wealth of the coun-
try. I give here a portion of what has been so
well said by the revenue commission on this
subject:
"Pennsylvania could, with difficulty, pay, in any
product of her own, for fifty thousand tons of iron
imported from Great Britain; but her capitalists and
farnieis can feed and sustain a population large
enough to take from her own mines and manufac-
ture five hundred thousand tons of iron of the value
of $30,000,000, and the same policy extended to her
other resources makes her annual product worth
$300,000,000. The proceeds of her agriculture could
not bo exchanged abroad for one half of what the
iron brings.
"In other words, Pennsylvania, without products
of her own to spare, which she can exchange in Great
Britain for fifty thousand tons of iron, can manufac-
ture ten times that quantity. The whole agricult-
ural product of the State being thus converted into
iron and other manufactures becomes, directly and
indirectly, a purchasing power in the home market.
The product of an acre of wheat exported to Eng-
land or Scotland may import a ton of iron, but an
acre cultivated for vegetables at home will purchase
five to ten tons of iron.
"The purchasing power of a people who have duly
mingled manufacturing industry with agricultural
production is tenfold^ that of a purely agricultural
community. The individuals of a country with such
a, blended industry purchase from each other, and
the only limit to the power of purchase is the power
of production. The population of Great Britain and
the United States is respectively not far from thirty
millions, yet the internal trade of the United States
is of tenfold greater value than our entire foreign
trade, including the United Kingdom of Great Brit-
ain and Ireland. Our foreign trade with France is
less than a fifteenth part of the valueof our domestic
trade. The strength and wealth of a couutry should
be measured by the quantity and value of its produc-
tions which it consumes, and not by what it sends to
other countries. No civilized nation obtains from
other countries a tenth of its consumption. Massa-
chusetts and Philadelphia contribute to the eon-
sumption of the United States more than all Europe;
so also the city of New York and New Jersey. The
trade between Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New
York on the one side and the New England States
on the other vastly exceeds our trade with Europe."
It is in the power of foreign capitalists and
manufacturers, owing to their low-wages sys-
tem or cheap labor and immense capital, to
subordinate our productions, to overthrow or
greatly cripple, without danger to themselves,
our American interests, and I am fully impressed
with the absolute necessity there exists now,
more perhaps than ever before, for the interfer-
ence on the part of Congress t.o place these
producing interests and sources of our greatest
wealth as a nation on a basis which cannot be
shaken by these gambling speculative move-
ments of British or American theorists.
Our national debt, the legacy of this unholy
rebellion, and which must be met in good faith,
will yet (as taxes are collected in times of na-
tional depression, and when this obligation is
met with great difficulty) try the patience and
integrity of the whole people, and we must be
the more careful to husband our resources, de-
velop the means of our own strength, gird our-
selves up for the contest, give just and adequate
encouragement to all industrial pursuits, learn
to depend on ourselves, our own labor, our own
capital; invite to our western lands agricultur-
ists and wool-growers; to our rich, inexhausti-
ble mines of coal, iron ore, lead,"copper, and
gold the hardy colliers and miners; bring to
our use the water and steam power of the na-
tion, which have already added a hundred fold
to the productive energies of the country; dis-
tribute labor and let it find a just reward and
ready payment, so that you shall have a just
portion of consumers as well as producers:
build up manufacturers of wool, of cotton, of
iron, &c., on your own soil; create a home mar-
ket, the best market you can have; buy noth-
ing abroad which you can make at home. If
we shall exhibit wisdom enough to do this we
shall bo able in tempore to meet all our obli-
gations to the Government, to the country, to
ourselves, and our children.
Loyal Men Must Rule—"Traitors must
Take Back Seats."
SPEECH OF HON. H. S. BUNDY,
of ohio,
In the House or Representatives,
May 5, 1866,
On the President's annual message, as in Committco
of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. BUNDY. Mr. Speaker, it was not my
purpose to make or write a speech during the
present session of Congress on the general sub-
ject of "reconstruction" which has been so
fully and ably discussed in this House; and in
the reflections now to be submitted I do not
propose to confine myself to any one of the
great questions so well considered and pre-
sented by gentlemen on this floor. But in so
far as the brief hour permits I will attempt a
very cursory and general consideration of the
"state of the country." Permit me, in passing,
to say that during-the great rebellion, after the
supporters of the Government had become
conscious that the rebels were in terrible earnest
in their purposes and efforts to break it up by
waging war for its overthrow, bringing into
requisition such barbarous instrumentalities as
suggested themselves to the hearts and minds of
"fiends incarnate," that then, and only then,
the Government, impelled by the loyal people
thereof, adopted the rights and some of the
usages of war to repel the assaults made upon
it and them, not only by armed traitors in the
South but by the more wary and cowardly
adjuncts of organized treason in the North.
Thereafter, until the armies of the rebellion
were overthrown by and surrendered to the ar-
mies of the Union, there was but one idea and
purpose entertained by the loyal people every-
where in reference to the rights and privileges
of rebels in the great work of restoring the
Government. Public opinion had also defi-
nitely settled the rights and privileges of the
loyal men of the country in the same great
work of restoration. The popular heart had
been touched, and the popular mind of the
country had been instructed by the terrific inci-
dents of the war, as waged by the enemy, and
th(? patriotic efforts and utterances of the great
leaders of the loyal hosts in civil life while
