1866.
THE €OJST©SESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
bill, ana believe it will be a beneficial measure
•to tlie country, provided the exemption oi'home-
steod and other property can be preserved to
the debtoryet 1 am opposed to the bill if it
la to result in depriving debtors of their home-
stead and other property exempted by the laws
of the State.
Mr. JENCKES. I desire to ask whether the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] or any
other gentleman who has spokenhas everknowrf
the question of the constitutionality of those
exemption laws to be raised in any suit for the
collection of debt in their respective States. I
havetiever known that question to be raised in
my State.
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman means raised
in the courts of the United States.
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLOAN. I have never known the ques-
tion to be raised in the United States courts.
But I have no doubt that those exemption laws
are valid.
Mr. JENCKES, Then the question has not
heen raised within the knowledge of any gen-
tleman present.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish my silence to be
taken aa an assent to the proposition of the
gentleman from Rhode Island, and therefore
the gentleman from Wisconsin must permit n>e
to say that the question has been raised and
deeided in the State of New York.
Mr. JENCKES. Decided how?
Mr. HALE. The constitutionality of those
laws has been sustained.
Mr. SLOAN. The question is not whether
any or all of these laws are valid and constitu-
tional, but whether the various State laws ex-
empting different kinds and amounts of prop-
erty, an exemption recognized in this bill, are
invalid for want of uniformity. In my judg-
ment, the risk is too great to allow the simple
.exception to go into "the law, as proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio. We should add 
some such proviso as I have offered. I think
that this which I propose will accomplish the
©bjeet. It provides that the exceptions shall
operate as a limitation upon the conveyance, of
the property from the debtor to the assignee,
and that In no event shall the property pass if
the exemption is held to be void for want of
uniformity.
Mr. JENCKES. I think that the gentleman
from Wisconsin should be satisfied with the
amendment which I propose. The law with
reference to this matter stands, as I understand
it, in this tvay: the Constitution authorizes
Congress to pass " uniform laws on the subject
of bankruptcies throughout the United States.''
The Congress whieh first met under the Con-
stitution passed no law on that subject. If they
had done so, the question about equality or in-
equality. and whether inequality is want of uni-
formity never could have been raised in the
passage of a law. They did pass the judiciary
act of 178!); and the thirty-fourth section of
that act provides—
" That the laws of the several States, except where
the Constitution, treaties, or statutes of the United
States shall otherwise require or provide, shall be
regarded as rules of decision in trials ateommon law
in the eourts of the United States in eases where they
apply."
Under that section, the laws of the States
have been held to establish rules concerning
property; and the courts of the United States
have conformed to the decisions of the States.
Now, it is proposed to pass a law of the United
States upon the subject authorized by the Con-
stitution. It must, as I view the law, step in
and apply to the state of things now existing,
recognizing that which has been lawful hith-
erto, under the laws of the States by the recog-
nition of that statute of 1789, as the rule of
property now existing with regard to bankrupts
as well as other persons.
-> But [ do not conceive the word "uniform-
ityor "uniform" anplies to this class ot ex-
emptions any more, than to equality In divi-
dend;). You might as well require one as the
other. The fac/ eliminated from the question
put just now seen s very conclusive on the sub-
ject, as expressive not only of the judicial opin-
ions but the opinion of lawyers of the United
States as to the question that the ■constitution-
ality of these exemption laws has never yet
been raised, or if raised 
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman is so thor-
oughly convinced that this exception is valid
he can have no objection to the proviso.
Mr. JENCKES. I have objection to it, be-
cause of the laws I find in the statute-books of
Texas and elsewhere. I wish it tostandas an
excepton, and not as a limitation on the grant.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me the real point
of the question here has been lost sight of by
many on the floor. The objection I make is
not to the allowance of the existing homestead
exemption to the bankrupt, but allowing ex-
emption in one State utterly disproportionate
to that in the other, so that one man is ex-
empted to tlie extent of $40,000 in Wisconsin,
$500 in another State, and nothing at all in
Kentucky. If that is a uniform system of
bankruptcy, then I am unable to understand
what is not uniformity.
As to the constitutionality of exemption laws,
referred to by the chairman, these decisions
are under State laws before the power of the
United States is exercised in passing a law of
bankruptcy. This law, when passed, will not
control State laws as to taking property in ex-
ecution. It is only when a man is driven into
bankruptcy. It is onty then when he is brought
under the operation of the law. Under this a
man may remove from one State to another,
and keep $40,000 from his creditors, which he
could not do in his own State.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that all debate be
closed on the ponding amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Jfr. sloan'samend-
ment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
11, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. IvASSON. I hope it will be understood
that a vote will hereafter be taken on this
proposition.
Mr. SLOAN. I do not objcct to that.
The SPEAKER. As the count has shown
that no quorum is present, the only motion in
order is to adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTIL I move that there
be a call of the House.,
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to
letting this amendment go over for a vote in a
full House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
15, noes 23.
Mr. JENCKES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jesckes
and Spalding were appointed.
Mr. ELD RIDGE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DARLING- demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 10, nays 115, not voting
58; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Eckloy, Bldridge, James M.
Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, Moorliead,
Niblack. Trimble, and Elihu 15. Washburne—10.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison. Ames, Aneona,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bercen, Bidwell, Bingham, Boyer,
Buckland, Sidney Clarke, Cullom. Darling, Davis,
■Dawes, Dawson, Dixon, Donnelly, Drig^s, KgWeston,
Eliot, Famsworth, Farquhar, Finek, (ilessbremier,
(xrider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abncr C. Harding,
Hart, Haves, Henderson, lliil. Holmes, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard. Demas
Hubbard; John H. Hubbard, James !l. llubbell,
James Humphrey. Insersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kas-
son. Kellcy, Kelso, Keteham, Kuvkendall, Lailin,
Latham, Loan. Longyoar, Marston, Marvin.McCIurg,
MeCuIlougli. McKce, Mcltner, Mereur, Miller, Moul-
ton, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Phelps. Pike. Plants, Pomeroy,
Price. Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Piice, John H. Rice, Hitter, Rogers. Rol-
lins, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding, Stilwell, S!rouse, Taber, Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John It. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Bart Van
. Horn, Robert T. Van Uoui, WardvHcnry 1) Wa^h-
j burn, William B. Washburn, Wclker, Williams,
1 .Stephen F.Wilson, Windom, a/nd Winfield—115.
; NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
! ley, Banks, Barker, Blaine, Blow. Bontwell, Brande-
j tree. Bromweli, Brooks. Bioomall. Buiidy, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Oolfroth. (Jonklmg, Cook,
I Culver, Defreos, Delano, Doming, Denison, Dumont,
Ferr:
HS, ii'j^ ttii. jiuwiiivjoa, juautYtu * ■ juuuuuu,
Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Seorge V, Lawrence, Wil-
liam .Lawrence, Lynch, Melndoe, Morrill, jttorm,
Noell, William II. Randall, Boiisseftu,; ShagWin,
Sitgreaves, Smith, Starr, Stevens," Warner, W oat-
worth, whaley, James lf. Wilson/Wood bridge. a.fld
Wright—58. .
So the House refused fd adjourn. •
During the vote, ■ ■
Mr. BAKER stated that his colleague was
detained from the House by sickness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. SCOITELD. I move that farther pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
. The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
ofMr. Sloan to theamendm^ntofMr. Jesckbs.
Mr. SLOAN. I understand the amendment
to the amendment will be accepted'by the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jesckes.j
Mr. JENCKES. I will accept it.
The amendment, as modified, was then
adopted.
_ Mr. HALE. I did not understand the ques-
tion as just taken. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment, as modified, was
agreed to.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 17, noes 46; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Hale
and Jenckes to act as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes sixteen, noes
not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed
to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to further amend sec-
tion fourteen by striking out the words "all
the estate, real andpersonal, of the bankrupt,."
and inserting in lieu tliereofthefollowing words,
namely:
Such real and personal estate of the bankrupt as
shall not bo exempted from attachment, or seizure,
or levy on execution, by the laws of theUnited States,
or of the State where tile bankrupt resides.
Also to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, however. That there shall be excepted
from tlie operation of tlie provisions of this section the
necessary household and kitchen furniture, and such
other articles and necessaries of such bankrupt as the
said assignee shall designate and set apart, having
reference in the amount to the family, condition, and
circumstances of the bankrupt, but altogether not to
exceed in value, in any ease, the sum of $500: and
also the wearing apparel of such bankrupt, and that
of liis wife and children, and the uniform, arms, and
equipments of any person who is or has been a sol-
dier in the militia or in the service of the United
States; and such other property as now is, or here-
after shall be, exempted from attachment or seizure
or levy on execution by the laws of the United States;
and the determination of the assignee in the matter
shall, on exception taken, bo subject to the final de-
eision of the said court.
The question was upon agreeing to the amend-
ment.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I came here at.
the opening of the session hoping to have an
opportunity before its close to vote for a well-
considered bankrupt law; and when the bill
now under consideration was introduced by
the honorable chairman of the select commit-
tee on bankruptcy, I addressed myself to its
examination, expecting to he able to record
my vote in favor of its passage; for I was of
the opinion that a wisely framed system of
bankruptcy would not only give relief and, as
it were, new life to thousands of wretched
debtors in the country, but also, if _made a
permanent feature of our. national legislation,
prove of great value creditors themselves,
and promote the commercial Interests and gen-
eral welfare of the people. Certainly there
are many thousands of our fellow-citizens en-
chained by hopeless debt, in bondage almost
as intolerable a« that which so long and fear-
fully cursed the block slaves in the southern
Slates, by whom such a law would be hailed
as a proclamation of emancipation hardly less
beneficent than that of Abraham Lincoln to
the blacks. At the same time it is not to be
forgotten that there is a wide difference between
the present condition of the country and its
