1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
restoration of the Union and that advocated by
the majority on this floor, and to approve the
former, because I believe it to be right and con-
sistent with the supreme law and the highest
good of the country. I think those States should
be permitted to resume their connection with
the Union. Their Bepresentatives should be
admitted to Congress if they come here with the
requisite "qualifications" under the Constitu-
tion, which should be determined by each House
for itself, and not by either or both for the
other. It need not be expected that they will
always send here men of sound discretion, of
prudent self-possession, whose conduct will al-
ways be unexceptionable. Nor will they do so
any more if they are kept out for an indefinite
number of years. No section of our country
has ever attained such excellence in its repre-
sentation here, nor will it ever, until the high
noon of a political millennium yet only dreamed
of by the Utopian. In free Governments, the
highest good is only realized as the fruit of the
freest conflict, of opinions, of truth with error.
Out of such contests, truth always gains the
ultimate and lasting victory. But by every day
that these States are kept out of their proper
relations to the Union, the chances for a speedy
restoration of sentiments of confidence, sympa-
thy, good will, and genuine nationality, which
are above all things desirable, will be dimin-
ished, and ultimate success made more diffi-
cult.
I deprecate, as alike dangerous to the peace
and happiness of our country and subversive of
the true and most conservative principles of our
Government, tliatfatal policy which would erect
in this Capitol a great consolidation and cen-
tralization of power. In my judgment, there
is not to be found in the pathway of either the
Union or the States to the perfection of human
government so great a danger as this. It threat-
ens a system of constantly recurring encroach-
ments by the Federal Government upon the
cherished principle of local self-government.
The continual demand for more power to be
conferred upon the General Government should
alarm every patriot in the land. The General
Government was not created to administer the
local, private, or personal interests of the peo-
ple. It is ill adapted to the discharge of such
duties. The duties imposed on it are chiefly ex-
ternal, general, international. It was intended
by the fathers to cherish and protect, not to
war upon, the vital principle of self-govern-
ing communities—States, counties, townships,
and cities—which are the only competent and
safe guardians of that great mass of power
■which presides over the administration of the
daily affairs and fireside interests of society.
This power will always be best administered
the nearer the power itself, and the agents by
which it works, are brought to the people to be
affected by it, and the more directly its agents
are made answerable to them. This intimate
relation between power, its agents, and the
people, constitutes the only school in which the
capacity for self-government can be developed,
and that feeling of deep, abiding, active, per-
sonal responsibility in the citizen cultivated and
strengthened which is so necessary to fit him
at once to appreciate and to protect both the
general and the local governments. It is only
by the freest operation oi'this principle that that
individuality can be acquired by the citizen and
imparted by him to the State which is neces-
sary to develop and preserve the highest inter-
ests and greatest good of both. The surest
guarantee for the perpetuity, prosperity, and
happiness of our country can be found in the
faithful observance by both the Federal and
State Governments of the respective limitations
upon their power and the faithful discharge by
each of its appropriate duties without interfer-
ence with the other, which is but yielding obe-
dience to that great principle of local self-gov-
ernment which constitutes the chief kernel of
eternal truth which has borne such beneficent
fruit to our country in the past.
In the eoger search after radical power on
V."h"ch Lo f./'-ct Fedeiiu bureaus and other ma-
(!hiut)"y iui
conliol by Congress of the i
domestic affairs of the States, it is claimed to
be found in the last amendment of the Consti-
tution, which reads as follows:
" Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crimo whereof tho party shall
have been duly convicted, shall exist within the Uni-
ted States, or anyplace subject to their jurisdiction."
"Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation."
It is claimed that the last clause grants power
to Congress not only to prevent the reenslave-
ment of the negro, but to assume the special
control of him, and to take him out of tho con-
trol of the States of whose population he is a
part, in order to secure to him at least all civil
rights that are enjoyed by the white people, and,
acclaimed by some, to secure to him equal po-
litical rights with the white men, both as a cit-
izen of the State and of the United States. I
deny this construction as being most untenable
upon every rational principle of constitutional
interpretation. The States by the adoption of
this amendment certainly did not mean to sur-
render to Congress their cherished right of ex-
clusive government over their own citizens in
all matters of domestic concern. They only
intended by this amendment to abolish slavery
and forever prevent its reestablishmeut in any
part of the country.
Its great object is to prevent the acquisition
by man of property in his fellow-man in such
manner as to enable him to extort from tho
latter involuntary service. Such legislation
only is authorized by this amendment as is
necessary to prevent these things. This purpose
is plain, and requires but a slight effort of hon-
est reflection to understand it. The second
clause, in my judgment, adds nothing to the
power given to Congress by the first. This view
is sustained by every approved interpretation
of analogous provisions in the Constitution.
Here I refer again to section 1213 of Story's
Commentaries on that instrument, already cited
by me. Slavery was a domestic relation, not a
public relation. It was a relation between in-
dividuals which gave to one of them the power
to control the will and conduct of the other.
The severance of that relation puts an end to
slavery, and was the beneficent object of this
amendment. But the regulation of the ordi-
nary civil relations of the negro to the society
in which he lives, by the enactment of laws of
a local and merely municipal character to con-
trol his contracts, and bestow upon him civil
privileges having no necessary connection with
liis personal freedom, are wholly unauthorized
by any warrant in any part of the Constitution.
And any attempt to do such things will be sim-
ply revolutionary of the most valuable princi-
ples of our Government, and cannot fail sooner
or later to lead to the establishment of a cen-
tralized and consolidated Government but little
better than a despotism.
I now come to the consideration more in de-
tail of the bill now pending before the House,
for the extension of the powers of the Freed-
men's Bureau. It involves principles of the
gravest importance, that should receive the
most careful and deliberate attention by every
member of this House.
I oppose the bill because it proposes, as it
now stands on our files, to create and perpetuate
in this country an institution or a bureau as
permanent in every respeci, as all-pervading in
every respect, as any other Department of the
Government of the United States. Itproposes
not as heretofore to confine this Freedmen's
Bureau to the States lately in rebellion, but to
extend it to all the States wherever you may
find freedmen or refugees : in other words, the
future jurisdiction of this bureau is to be coex-
tensive with tho Union itself.
Now, sir, it seems to mo when Congress un-
dertakes by this kind of law to take the guard-
ianship of an entire class of people on itself,
and constitute them the wards of the Federal
Government, and constitute the Federal Gov-
ernment the special guardian and protector and
comptroller of that class, it undertakes to do
something for which there can be found in our
Constitution no shadow of warrant. Therefore
I am opposed to this bill. I take it to be the
duty of a faithful Representative here, both as
a good citizen of the country and as a sworn
officer of the Government, to consider, when a
proposition of this sort is submitted to him,
whether Congress possesses the power which
the measure proposes to exercise. Applying
that rule to this bill, I feel compelled to say,
after most diligent search through the Consti-
tution of the country, and applying to that a
liberal rule of interpretation, I am unable to
find any shadow of authority, any single line
or warrant for any such exercise of power as
this bill proposes. It will not be pretended
this power is found in any express grant of the
Constitution.
From what express power can it he fairly
implied? I know of none. Why should Con-
gress undertake to control, to govern, to edu-
cate, to feed, to procure homes and farms, for
freedmen and refugees any more than for any
other class of citizens of this country whose
necessities might be as great, and who appeal
as strongly to the sympathies of members of
this House and to the whole country? The
attempt to exercise so radical a power as this
cannot fail to excitedn the minds of the people
of this country a well-grounded fear that there
exists here a settled and deliberate and wicked
purpose on the part of Congress, to a very great
extent, to disregard the limitations upon its own
power contained in the Constitution, and sub-
vert the essential and fundamental principles
of that Government by their legislation here,
and attempt to build up in this country an
institution, under the influence and patronage
of the Federal Government, which has no other
purpose and can accomplish no other end than
to gratify the wild whims and crotchets of a
reckless fanaticism. The people who are pro-
posed to be controlled by this bill are as much
citizens of the States where they live as any
other class of citizens. They constitute as much
a part of the population of the States where
they reside as we do of the States we represent;
just as much as any other class of men in the
country do. Why, then, should we single them
out and make them the special beneficiaries of
congressional protection? They are free men.
They need no guardianship but the fostering
care of their own local State governments.
Now, I will invite attention for a little while
to the details of this bill; and in this connection
I invite correction from the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] if I
make any statement not authorized by the bill.
This bill proposes to create a permanent bureau
for the control of freedmen and refugees, at
the head of which there shall be a Commissioner
with a salary of $3,000; the country may be
divided into a number of sub-districts not to
exceed twelve ; and there may be appointed a
number of assistant commissioners who shall
not exceed the number of districts, with a salary
for each of $2,500; to the chief Commissioner
there may be assigned by the Secretary of War
ten clerks, the salaries of whom I am unable
from the bill to determine. Each of the assist-
ant commissioners may have three clerks with
a compensation that shall not exceed $1,000.
Then the entire country from Texas to Maine,
and from South Carolina to Oregon, may be
divided into sub-districts, which shall consist
each of a county or parish. For eaeh of these
sub-districts, which possibly maybe equal in
number to the whole number of counties and
parishes in the Union, there may be assigned
one or more sub-agents with a salary of from
$500 to $1,200 per annum, according to the
amount of service rendered by them respect-
ively, and to each of those sub-agents, if neces-
sary in the opinion of the Commissioner, there
may be assigned one clerk, at an annual salary
not exceeding $1,000 each.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that involves the creation
of a small army of agents and commissioners,
whoso jurisdiction and control shall pervade the
whole country, shall extend into evei'y State,
into every congressional district, into every
county, into every township and city of this
broad Union, provided only that they can find
I some freedmen or refugees upon whom to exer-
