1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.207
39tii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Loyal Men Must Rule—Mr. Bundy,
Ho. of Reps.
grappling with the monster treason. Not a
patriotic heart felta single emotion nor a patri-
otic voice uttered a single sentiment that did
not fully accord, harmonize, and demand the
assertion of the great principle "That the loyal
people of the country must govern the country.''
This was not only demanded by loyalty, but
was accepted and expected by treason. The
people who by their sacrifices and valor had
saved must govern the country. There was
not a sign in the political firmament, nor a
sound in the earth or atmosphere that portended
any other purpose prior to the meeting of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. Early in the history
of this session certain gentlemen gave out
ominous indications that there would be an
attempt at least to reverse the well-defined and
clearly pronounced judgment of the whole
country. These manifestations, however, did
not seem to create any alarm and command
much respect or attention, because their authors
were and are the representatives of what is
popularly known as the Democratic or copper-
head party of the North, which party had con-
tributed more to inaugurate and prosecute the
rebellion than very many of its active and
efficient leaders in the South. Congress and
the country very naturally supposed they were
only repeating themselves in disparaging the
northern patriots and eulogising the southern
rebels or making cheap proposals for their
future cooperation when restored to power and
place in the nation.
In the progress of time and the happening
of events these indications assumed form and
foree until they developed in what we shall be
pleased to name as the Democratic rebel theory
of "reconstruction." The postulate of this
theory is, "That once a State, always a State."
The greatest if not the only objection to this
theory rests principally, if not entirely, as to
the scope and effect of the recognition of the
principle given to it and elaimted for it by its
authors and supporters, to wit: the doctrine
that "once a State, always a State," carries
with it the right of each and every of the rebel-
lions States to instant or immediate represen-
tation in the Government; and that they not
only have, but have had that right during the
entire period of the rebellion, and have retained
all their relations to the Government the same
as if their people had not rebelled. This theory
carries with it as the logical and inevitable
conclusion of such premises, that those States
have all the while maintained and can now
assert all the rights and privileges of States in
the Union, and that there is no power vested
in the Congress to delay or prevent them from
resuming those rights or enjoying those privi-
leges at their option and election. And because
the Union majority in Congress, acting for and
representing the great Union party of the coun-
try, does refuse or neglect to accept this theory
as the true and only solution of the questions
involved, it has been wantonly and bitterly as-
saulted by traitors and rebels everywhere,North
and South, and the terrors of another war have
been invoked and the military power of the
country summoned to drive from these Halls
at the point of the bayonet the men who dare
to scruple and refuse the insolent demands of
traitors.
The unmitigated treason and criminality of
such a demand, based upon such a wicked the-
ory, need only to be stated to become obvious
to every mind uninfluenced and uncorrupted
by treason. If they are right, it necessarily
follows that in the fall of 1864 when loyal men
at home and in the field were concentrating all
their energies, moral, political, and physical,
to crush armed treason on the battle-field and
sympathizing treason at home, putting forth
stupendous efforts and submitting to great sac-
rifices to save the country from impending de-
struction, by electing a loyal President, a loyal
Congress, and loyal Legislatures; thatalthough
triumphant, we gained no advantage over the
rebels who were as persistently fighting to de-
stroy the Government. Adopt this Democratic
rebel theory and they get into Congress as early
as we do, and according to their present hopes
and expectations, they made at least an even
race with us for the Presidency. Therefore the
great solicitude-of the loyal people of this coun-
try for the speedy crushing out of the rebellion
in 1864, causing such unparalleled sacrifices of
men and money, only resulted in the immedi-
ate investiture of their enemies with power;
and this was the boon and the only object our
brave boys were fighting and dying for on the
bloody fields of the Wilderness.
But, sir, the most astounding thing con-
nected with this plan is the assertion made by
its authors and.supporters, that in its presenta-
tion and advocacy here they are but carrying out
the views of the President of the United States;
that this is the "my policy" of which we have
heard and seen so much. What audacity and
shamelessness do these men exhibit when they
dare rise in their places here and assert that
this Democratic rebel scheme for the uncondi-
tional wholesale surrender of loyalty to treason
is indorsed by the President!
Mr. Speaker, this ought not, cannot be. Are
we to be told here that our President, elected
by the great party who rallied around the flag
and saved the country from impending ruin,
and preserved the Government in its peril,
shall so far forget the great principles enun-
ciated by himself, defended and supported
in that awful struggle of 1864, and which tri-
umphed in his election to the second great
office in the gift of a patriotic and magnani-
mous people, to whom he is indebted for his
present high and commanding position and
prospective renown, will now, in sight of the
goal of his and their hopes and aspirations,
basely betray the interests of humanity and
good government by surrendering it and its
loyal defenders into the power of its and their
implacable foes? The proposition is too shock-
ing, too alarming, and monstrous to be even
imagined, to say nothing of the realized fact.
If it becomes an accomplished fact the doc-
trine of total depravity will be more author-
itatively settled and illustrated than by the
great, swindle of a Ketcham or the wholesale
homicide of a Probst. Why, sir, many of the
ideas as to the legitimate rights and status of
the rebels in the restoration of the Govern-
ment were derived by me from the teachings
of Andrew Johnson \vhile acting as military
governor of Tennessee, enunciated in his cele-
brated speech of July 2, 1864, after his nom-
ination as the Union candidate for the Vice
Presidency of the United States. Hear those
patriotic utterances:
"And let me say that now is the time to secure these
fundamental principles, while the land is rent with
anarchy and upheaves with the throes of a mighty
revolution. While society is in this disordered state,
and we are seeking security, let usfix the foundations
of the Government on principles of eternal justice
which will endure for all time.
"But, in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall restore and reestablish it? Shall the man
who gave his influence and his means to destroy the
Government? Is he to participate in thegreatwork
of reorganization ? Shall he who brought this misery
upon the State be permitted to control its destinies ?
If this be so, then all this precious blood of our brave
soldiers and officers so freely poured out will have
been wantonly spilled. AH the glorious victories won
by our noble armies will go for naught, and all the
battle-fields which have been sown with dead heroes
during the rebellion will have been made memorable
in vain.
" Why all this carnage and devastation? It was
that treason might be put down and traitors pun-
ished. Therefore I say that traitors should take a
back seat in the work of restoration. If there be but
five thousand men in Tennessee loyal to the Consti-
tution, loyal to freedom, loyal to justice, these true
and faithful men should control the work of reorgan-
ization and reformationabsolutely. [Loud and pro-
longed applause.] I say that the traitor has ceased
to be a citizen, and in joining the rebellion has be-
come a public enemy. He forfeited his right to vote
with loyal men when he renounced his citizenship
and sought to dostrov our Government.
"Treason must be made odious, and traitors must
be punished and impoverished. Their great planta-
tion must be seized, and divided into small farms,
and sold to honest, industrious men. The day for
protecting the lands and negroes of those authors of
rebellion is past. It is high time it was. I have been
most deeply pained at some things which have come
under my observation. We get men in command
who, under the influence of flattery, fawning, and
caressing, grant protection to the rich traitor, while
the poor Union man stands out in the cold, often
unable to get a receipt or a voucher for his losses."
And now, sir, it is claimed by the friends and
advocates of this Democratic rebel scheme that
as President the then Governor Johnson will
"go back" on these patriotic utterances by
him iterated and reiterated subsequent thereto
and betray the men who rallied to his support
when he so much needed it, into the hands and
power of their deadly enemies. Such a con-
summation would be more to be dreaded just
at this time than would have been the defeat of
General Grant and his hosts in the Wilderness.
The incredulous feature of this whole theory
is, that the President will, in order to placate
the rebels and their friends, betray almost the
entire party that elected him.
Mr. Speaker, men do not generally act with-
out motive or consideration. What object can
the President have in thus betraying his friends
and joining the enemy ? What had the enemy
to offer for such a sacrifice? They were bank-
rupt in principle and political character, hav-
ing nothing to give save broken faith to their
Government. They had not so much as their
great exemplar and prototype, the "first rebel
and State rights man had when from the pin-
nacle of an exceeding high mountain" he of-
fered the Saviour all the kingdoms of the world
for his homage.
But, admitting that they had the numerical
forces and powers of a great party to offer for
such sacrifice, and were the boon never so mu-
nificent, the voice of all history teaches that
its acceptance would consign the recipient to
the ignominious fate of all those who have
betrayed trusts bestowed and accepted. Great
services rendered by the acceptor in the field
or the forum furnish no excuse or mitigation
for subsequent treason. If he has fought with
the beasts at Ephesus, and overcome all his
foes and the foes of the Government, the qual-
ity of such acts will be determined by the
future conduct of the victor. The ignominy
of treason has never been and never wilfbc
mitigated or slurred over because the actor had
once been faithful and valiant. It is a prin-
ciple, sharply defined and well established in
the moral and political world, that the virtues
and good conduct of an early, will not atone
or avail for the broken faith and corrupt prac-
tices of a later life. The virtues and charac-
ter of those angels " who kept not their first
estate" have never been esteemed as paragons
because they were once "angels of light."
The Christian world has never abated jot or
tittle of its execration of the treason of Judas
because he was once "numbered with the
twelve.''
The fact that Benedict Arnold raised and
commanded one of the first companies in the
Continental army, and, "side by side" with
Ethan Allen, entered and captured Ticonde-
roga, and was the first to enter and the last to
leave Canada in the early and dark days of the
Revolution, has not and will not relieve his
name from the immortality of infamy which
attaches thereto for his subsequent perfidy and
treason to his country. No, sir, the earlier
associations but magnify and intensify the in-
famy of the latter. Beside, sir, the ignominy
and infamy of treason either to friends, prin-
ciple, or Government seems to concentrate and
abide on him that receives rather than him
that gives the stipend as the price thereof.
The man who gave the thirty pieces of silver
'' has been forgotten and clean out of mind"
for eighteen hundred years, while the recipient
has been and will continue to be damned to
perpetual infamy, world without end.
Again, sir, who are these new converts and
defenders of the alleged policy of the President?
We may answer that they are—
1. Every man who voluntarily fought in the
