2648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
ployed as clerks in the military or naval service
of the rebels who, perhaps, ought not to be
excluded. They were most of them in a state
of starvation; they were obliged to take some
employment in order to live; and I think it
would be better to leave the matter to the Gov-
ernment. The cadets are appointed by the
members of Congress, I believe, except some
fifteen or twenty who are appointed by the
President at large. I think it would be better
to leave it to the Government.
Mr. WILSON. We educated at West Point
some young men that turned traitors. Now,
I am against educating at West Point any men
who have been traitors. I think any person
who has served in the rebel army or navy
should never enter West Point, or the Naval
Academy, never be educated by this Govern-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my friend
from Massachusetts why he does not extend
his amendment to the Naifel Academy. I pro-
duced testimony here of the most conclusive
character that a young man in the Naval Acad-
emy had served willingly in the rebel service,
and yet he is now being educated at the Naval
School. I think the provision ought to extend
both to the Army and the Navy. The joint
resolution which I introduced and sent to the
Committee on Naval Affairs relative to the case
to which I allude I have not heard of since.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator
from Ohio that that testimony which he intro-
duced before the committee, and which he
thought was so conclusive, turned out, upon a
more thorough investigation, to be somewhat
  more doubtful than he imagined, and the young
man alluded to was appointed upon the recom-
mendation of the very men who wrote the let-
ters to the Senator from Ohio on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The testimony was very
conclusive that the young man had been in the
rebel service.
Mr. GRIMES. The case has not been acted
on yet; and it is due to the young man that I
should say, as he is still in the Academy, that
he was never in the rebel service proper. He
joined in the State of Kentucky a nome guard,
was never sworn into service, and very shortly
after he found out the way in which the guard
was to be used he abandoned it entirely and
never took service under the rebel flag.
Mr. SHERMAN. He was in Buekner's
guard, and the testimony was that he and all
his family were against the Government all the
time during the war.
Mr. GRIM ES. When all the testimony shall
be presented I think the Senator will be satis-
fied that the ex parte testimony upon which he
pronounces judgment here against that young
• man may possibly be erroneous.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may be. I do not
vouch for it.
Mr. CLARK. We need not try that case;
but it seems to mo very proper that the amend-
ment should apply to the naval as well as to
the military department of the Government.
Mr. GRIMES. I am perfectly willing that
it should be applied to the Naval Academy.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is the West Point
bill.
Mr. CLA.RK. The naval bill has gone
through. There is no other bill to come on
which we can put it. I will move that amend-
ment, "Military or Naval Academy."
Mr. WILSON. I accept that am endment.
The PKESlDBNT^pro tempore. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That no person who has
served in any capacity in the military or naval ser-
vice of tho so-called confederate States during tho
late rebellion shall hereafter receive an appointment
as a cadet at the Military or Naval Academy.
Mr. CONNESS. That would leave such a
person in, if now there. It says, "shall here-
after."
Mr. JOHNSON. Do you want to turn them
out?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, turn out anybody of
that kind, certainly. I should like to know
whether the Senator from Maryland would not
turn such a person out.
" Mr. JOHNSON. No, I would not. I can
imagine a great many boys that I would not
turn out, boys in the situation in which I sup-,
pose a good many of them to have been. If
they had gone in when they were seventeen or
eighteen years of age, with knowledge on their
part, it would be a-different thing ; but I can
very readily believe there were boys of twelve,
thirteen, or fourteen years of age who went
into that service without having any idea at all
that they were offending against the Govern-
ment, and who may be just as true and loyal
now as our own sons.
Mr. CONNESS. I can very readily believe
that there were thousands and tens of thou-
sands who went into the rebellion that did
not know what they were about. I think the
leaders did not know what they were about.
If they did they never would have gone in.
Mr. JOHNSON. They did know what they
were about.
Mr. CONNESS. We differ about that. But
while it may be true, as stated by the Senator
from Maryland, that there are many boys who
participated in the rebellion who ought not to
be held to a very strict responsibility for it, or
punished for it, I think this country has a great
many boys in it who are more worthy than they,
and who ought to be promoted in preference.
If the fact be as stated that there is a boy in the
Naval Academy or at West Point of the class
referred to, he should not remain there, in my
judgment. We have had enough experience
of furnishing talent, organized and educated
talent, to the enemies of the country at the
expense of the national Treasury. There ought
to be an end to it. I hope that those who
offered the amendment will change it in that
respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
that I do not think you can carry it on this bill
so far as to legislate for an individual case;
and there is only one, and about that there is
great doubt whether it would apply to him or
not.
Mr. CONNESS. If the form were changed
it would apply to the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it is not pretended
that there is more than one case about which
there is any question, and that is very doubt-
ful. I hope this bill may not be incumbered
any further.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no strenuousness
about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I observe from the read-
ing of the amendment that there is no distinc-
tion taken between those who voluntarily went
in and those who were forced into the rebel
service. There ought certainly to be a distinc-
tion. Some boys may have been conscripted
in against their will, forced in at the point of
the bayonet, and who ought not to be held
responsible to any such rule as this.
Mr. GRIMES. They were not conscripted
at the age alluded to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Suppose they were
forced into the service, are they to be excluded
for that reason? It is one thing as to those'
that went in voluntarily; it is another as to
those that were forced in. I think there cer-
tainly ought to be a distinction. The amend-
ment ought to say that those who voluntarily
engaged in the service should be excluded. I
move to amend it by inserting that word " fol-
untarilv."
Mr. "FESSENDEN. I hope not. If you
put in "voluntarily," they will prove, every
one of them, that they went in involuntarily.
To exclude all is the only way to keep them out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator from
Maine if he desires to keep out those who were
forced to go in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather not run
the risk of getting rebels in by putting in the
word "voluntarily."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that there is a
great difference in engaging in a service, whether
I one goes.in voluntarily, of his own freewill, or
whether he is forced in at the point of the bay-
onet. ' In the one case I should feel very dif-
ferent toward the individual than I would in
the other.
Mr. GRIMES. Itcannot apply to this case,
because nobody was conscripted in the rebel
lines under the age of eighteen, and no con-
scription has been made within the rebel con-
federacy within two years. No one can go to
the Naval Academy after he is eighteen years
of age.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought they conscripted
those of fourteen toward the close.
Mr. GRIMES. I think not. They went in
voluntarily, if they went in at the age of four-
teen, I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course, many went in
voluntarily at fourteen; but my recollection
is that the conscription was as low as four-
teen toward the close.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no great hard-
ship in excluding any df these persons; there
are plenty left from whom to make a choice.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will take the sense
of the Senate on the question I suggested, by
moving to insert the word "voluntarily" be-
fore "served;" and I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I am to go on the
record and am very sensitive on this question,
I wish to state the reason why I shall vote
"nay." It may be, possibly, that those who
have been involuntarily in tho rebel service
are not as bad as those who went in on their
own motion; but the country is full of boys,
the sons of heroes who have fought on the
right side of this rebellion, who are deserving
of these places if anybody in the world is; and
without .'joing into the question of the precise
degree of consideration that ought to be ac-
corded to involuntary rebels, if I may use
such a term, there are enough who are not
open to suspicion to fill all these places. That
is my reason for voting against the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire in what
way the question is to be settled whether a
person was in the rebel service voluntarily or
involuntarily, and who is to settle it.
Mr. CLARK, and others. Let us settle it
here by a vote.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we had better set-
tle it here, and leave no question of that kind
to be adjudicated by anybody else.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 'it is not very long since
I was reading over the report of the_ recon-
struction committee, and one of the articles of
amendment to the Constitution which they pro-
vided was that those men who voluntarily ad-
hered to the rebellion should not vote until a
certain time. How is that to be settled?
Mr. HOWARD. By law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But it is a fact whether
they went in voluntarily or involuntarily ; you
cannot settle it by a law. It is a question
o£ fact, and upon that question of fact whether
they went in voluntarily or involuntarily de-
pends the guilt or the innocence, just as in the
commission of any other offense. The idea
of holding a person responsible for what he
does under compulsion, by force, at the point
of the bayonet, driven by a squad of men who
perhaps took a young man and^ forced him
into the army at the peril of his life, is a very
different thing from what it is when ho volun-
tarily goes in of his own accord.
Now, Mr. President, in relation to these
appointments to the Nax-al Academy, and fo
the Military Academy, they are appointments,
so far as I understand, that are generally appor-
tioned throughout the country to each con-
gressional district. The various congressional
districts of the country claim the right to have
these scholars or cadets sent from the districts,
and in order to select the one most proper to
be put at the Academy, the right has been given
by law to the members of Congress to select
them. Now, the right being given by law to
the members of Congress to select, suppose
