3608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 6,
equaj to'" and insert in Ueu thereof the words " not
be more thanand the Senate a!?ree*to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the five hundred and forty-fifth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as
follows: in lines eight and nine, page 70, of said Sen-
ate amendment, strike out the wbrds " in day or night
while such distillery is in operation."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the six hundred and twenty-third amendment of the
Senate and a&ree to the same with an amendment as
follows: before the word 4'and,"in line one, page Y9,
of said Senate amendment, insert the following:
'Vnd tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
allow upon all sales of sucl| stamps to any brewer,
and by him used in his business, a deduction of seven
and one half per cent.and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the six hundred and forty-fifth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with the following
amendments: in line ten, page 190, of the engrossed
bill, strike out the words "assessor, collector;" and
strike cmt in lino twelve, same page, the word " or"
where it last occurs, and insert in lieu thereof the
words, '* and any assessor, collector, inspector, or rev-
enue agent who bhall iiereafter become interested
directly or indirectly;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from theMisa?reement to
the six hundred and forty-eighth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with amendments as
follows: in line five, page 83, of said Senate amend-
ment, after the word "thereof' insert the word " re-
spectively in line eight, same page, after the word
'promised" strike out the word "or," and after the
word "given," in the same line, insert the words
"accepted or received;" and the Senate agree to tho
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-third amendment and agree to the same
with an amendment as follov#: insert in lieu of the
matter proposed to be stricken out the following:
Sec. 67. And be it further enacted, That in any case,
civil or criminal, where suit or prosecution shali be
commenced in any court of any State against any
officcr of the United States, appointed uncWPor act-
ing by authority of the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," passed June 30,1861, or of any act in addition
thereto or in amendment thereof, or against any per-
son acting undor or by authority of any such officer
on account of any act done under color of his office,
or against any person holding property or estate by
title derivudhom uuysuch officcr, concerning such
property or e?tate and affecting the validity of thid
act or acts of which it is amendatory, it shall be law-
ful for the defendant, m such suit or prosecution, at
any time before trial, upon apetition to the circuit
court of the United States in and for the district in
which the defendant shall have been served with
process, setting forth the nature of said suit or pros-
ecution, and verifying the said petition by affidavit,
together with a certificate, signed by an attorney and
counselor-at-law of some courtofrecord of theState
in which such suit shall ha\ c been commenced, or of
the United States, setting forth that, as counsel for
the petitioner, he has examined the proceedings
against him, and carefully inquired into all the mat-
ters set forth m tho petition, and that he believes the
same to be true; which petition, affidavit, and cer-
tificate shall be presented to the said circuit court if
in session, and if not, to the clerk thereof, at his
office, mid shall ho filed in said ofiiec, and the cause
shall thereupon be entered on the docket of said
court, and shall be thereafter proceeded in as acause
oiigmally commenced in that court; and it shall bo
the duty of the clerk of said court, if tho suit were
commenced in the. court below by summons, to issue
a writ of certiorari to the State court, requiring said
court to send to tho said circuit court the lecoid and
proceedings in said cause; or if if were commenced
by capias, he shall issue a writ of habeas corpus cm
caum, a duplicate of which said writ shall be deliv-
ered to the clerk of the Stato court, or left at his
office, by the marshal of tho district, or his deputy,
or some person duly authorized thereto; and there-
upon it shall be the duty of the said State court to
stay all further proceedings in such cause, and the
said suit or prosecution, upon delivery of sueh pro-
cess, or leaving the same as aforesaid, shallbe deemed
and taken to bo moved to tho said circuit court, and
any further proceedings, trial, or judgment therein
m the State court shall be wholly null and void.
And if the defendant in nny such suit be in actual
custody on mesne process therein, it shall bo (he duty
of the marshal, by virtue of the writ of haheat rorpn?
cum cansa, to take the body of the defendant into his
custody, to be dealt with in the said causo according
to the rules of law and the order of the circuit court
or of anyjudge thereof in vacation. All attachments
made,.and all bail and other security given, upon
such suit or prosecution shall bo and continue in like
force and effect as if the samesuit or prosecution had
proceeded to final judgment and execution in the
State court; and if, upon the removal ox* any sueh
suit or prosecution, it shall be made to appear to the
said circuit court that no copy of the record and pro-
ceedings therein in the State court can be obtained,
it shall bo lawful for said circuit court to allow and
require the plaintif^o proceed de novo, and to file a
declaration of his cause of action, and the parties
may thereupon proceed as in action originally brought
in said circuit court; and, on failure of so proceeding,
judgment of nolle prosequi may be rendered aga inst
the Plaintiff, ttith costs for the defendant: Provided,
that, an act entitled. 'An act further to provide for
the collection of duties on imports," passed March 2,
iiMi, shall not be so construed as to apply to cases
arising under an act entitled "An act to provide in- .
ternat revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public dobt, and for other purposes,"
passed June 30,1864, or any act in addition thereto
or in amendment thereof, norto any casein which the
validity orintcrprctation of said act or acts shall be in
issue: Provided further, That if any officer appointed
under and by virtue of any act to provide internal rev-
enue, or any person acting under or by authority of-
any such officcr, shall receive any injury to his person
or property, for or on account of any act by him done
under any law of the United Statesfor the collection
of taxes, ho shall be entitled to maintain suit for
damage therefor in the circuit court of the United
States in tho district wherein the party doing the injury
may reside or shall be found. And all property taken
or detained by any officcr or other person under au-
thority of any revenue law of the United States shall
be irreprievable, and shall be deemed to be in the cus-
tody of the law, and subject only to the orders and
deorees of the courts of the United Sta.tes having
jurisdiction thereof. And if any person shalldispos-
sess or rescue, or attempt to dispossess or rescue, any
property so taken or detained as aforesaid, or shall
aid or assist therein, such person shall bo deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable to such
punishment as is provided by the twenty-second sec-
tion of the act for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, approved the 30th day of
April, 1790, for the willful obstruction or resistance of
officers in the service of process.
Sec. 68. And beitfurther enacted. That the fiftieth
section of an act passed Juno 30,1861, entitled "An
act to provide internal rovenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," is hereby repealed: Provided, That
any ease which may have been removed from the
courts of any State under said fiftieth section to the
court.- of tho United States shall be remanded to the
State court from which it was so removed, with all
the records relating to such cases, unless the justice
of the circuit court of the United States in which such
suit or prosecution is pcndingshall be of opinion that
said case would be removable from the court of the
State to the circuit couu under and by virtue of the
sixty-sixth section of this act. And in all cases which
may have been removed from any court of nny State
under and by virtue of said fiftieth section of said act
of June 30, 1864, all attachments made, and all bail
or other security given upon such suit or prosecution,
shall be and continue in full force and effect until
final judgment and execution, whether snch suit shall
bo prosecuted to final judgment in the circuit court
of the United States or remanded to the State court
from which it was removed.
Sec. 60. And be it further enctctcd, That whenever a
writ, of error shall be issued for the revision of any
judgment or decree in any criminal proceeding where
is drawn in question the construction of any statute
of the United States, in a court of any State, as is pro-
vided in the twenty-fifth section of an net entitled
An act to establish tho judicial courts of the United
States," passed September 2-1, 1789, the defendant, if
charged with an offense bailable by the laws of such
State, shall not be released from custody until afinal
judgment upon sueh writ, or until a bond, with suffi-
cient sureties in a reasonable sum, as ordered and
approved by the State court, shall be given; and if
the offense is. not so bailable,, until a final judgment
upon the writ of error. Writs of error in criminal
eases shall have precedence upon the docket of the
Supreme Court of all eases to which the Government
of the United States is not a party, excepting only
such cases as the court, at their discretion, may de-
cide to be of public importance.
The committee of confercnce further recommend
that the words " by the collector." in line nineteen,
page 140, in the text of the engrossed bill, be stricken
out.
*\Y. P. FESSENPEN.
P. ii. VAN WINKLE,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
S. HOOPER.
W. B. ALLISON.
C. H, WINJFIELD,
Manager>, on the part of the House.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. There are a great many
amendments, and most of them are verbal and
formal. The committee have examined them
with very great care, and had no difficulty in
coming to a conclusion exccpt upon some half
a dozen points, which were finally settled by
an agreement satisfactory to all. It is too
much of a task for me to undertake to take up
tho report in detail and go through with it and
state what it is in every respect. It has been
read : but if any Senators have any questions
to ask about particular points, I shall be very
happy to answer them and state how they are
settled. I may state generally that the differ-
ences are settled to the satisfaction of the com-
mittee of conference on both sides.
Mj\ SAULSBURY. As this bill came from
the House of Representatives a tax of five cents
a pound was proposed to be imposed upon cot-
ton. The committee of conference, I under-
stand, have fixed that tax at three cents apound.
So far they have done well, in my judgment;
but considering the situation of the people where
this article is grown, reduced to absolute pov-
erty, scarcely able to get bread for their fam-
ilies, unrepresented iu Congress, without any
voice in the levying of taxes, I think it is un-
just that the article of cotton should be singled
out of all the products of the farmer and planter
to be taxed.
I am utterly opposed to any tax upon cotton
unless a tax be levied upon the other products
of the earth. If you tax wheat and corn and
the other articles which are produced by the
farmers and planters, I have no objection to a
tax being placed upon cotton. But under the
circumstances in which we are placed, the cir-
cumstances in which the country is placed, I
am opposed to imposing any tax whatever
upon cotton; and while three, cents a pound is
more favorable to tho planter of cotton than
five cents, yet, being opposed to that particular
article being singled out to be taxed, I cannot
vote for the report of the committee, nor for
the bill itself with that provision in it. Before
the war, I understand that the average price
of cotton was about nine cents a pound. This
tax would be about one third of the average
price of the article as it stood before the war.
It seems to me unjust to single out that one par-
ticular article, especially when we know that
those who grow it._are reduced to almost abject
poverty, and are in no situation to be singled
out as a class to bear an unequal share of the
public burdens. 1 make these remarks simply
in explanation of the vote I shall give.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is taken
on this proposition, I desire to say a word or
two. This bill purports to be a bill to reduce
taxes. We were informed by the proper De-
partment of the Government that the condition
of our finances would allow a very large reduc-
tion ; and I think I understood from the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that the reduc-
tion contemplated in this bill would be about
seventy-five million dollars, and that the con-
dition of the Treasury would allow that much
of a reduction. I had hoped to see some re-
duction in those taxes that press particularly
upon the agricultural interests of the country;
but I have been disappointed in that, and I
think the western country will also be disap-
pointed.
We h ave a tax levied, for some reason, in
most extraordinary amount, upon one impor-
tant production of the western country. I speak
of the production of whisky. That is contin-
ued at two dollars a gallon. I think that the
experience of two years has shown that that
tax defeats revenue, and at the same time de-
feats production. I am not going to speak of
this interest in its connection with the morals
of the country, for no Senator in any of the
discussions upon it has assumed that Congress
has any right to legislate in the tax bill with a,
view to any moral results. The tax of two
dollars a gallon is imposed with a view to rev-
enue ; and two years' experience has shown
that that tax instead of producing revenue de-
feats revenue, and at the same time defeats
a production very important to the western
country.
While .we are reducing the tax upon other
articles it is proposed to increase it upon a
very important production of agriculture, that
production to which the Senator from Dela-
ware has just referred, the production of cot-
ton. I am not able to see upon what principle
Congress now proposes to increase the tax
upon cotton as it comes from the earth fifty
per cent. "While you are reducing the tax upon
other articles you increase it upon cotton fifty
per ccnt. From two cents on the pound this
report takes it up to three cents. The Senate
refused to increase it, upon a decided vote, as
I recollect. I am not going to refer to the
argument so ably presented by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. HbxdeKsox,] and which I
thought was not answered, in regard to the
constitutional power to tax this article ; but I
speak of it as a measure of wisdom, consider-
ing the present condition of the country. Every
Senator is aware of the fact that the balance of
trade is largely against us, and that to meet
this balance every year there are large exports
of the precious metals. Cotton, for a long
series of years, has been the production of this
