208
APPENDIX TO THE CONG RESSI03STAL GLOBE.
[May S,
Ho. of Eeps.
Loyal Men Must Rule—Mr. Bundy.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
rebel army, or served in any capacity in the
rebel cause, who compose the southern wing
of the late Democratic party. Here permit
me to say* without intending disrespect to any,
that such constitute the brains and the courage
of that- party.
2. The northern wing of the late Democratic
party, which was led ill 1862, 1868, 1864, and
1865, by the Vallandighams, the Woods, Sey-
ffiou#i3, ef al., but who, in 1866, ate praying and
■working to be put again into the leading strings
of Jeff. Davis, A. H. Stephens, and others of
their southern allies. I say the late DeuW
cratic party, because in 1866 they appear to
have doffed their old name arid uniform, and
are now happy and rejoice in th« cognomen of«
the Johnson party. These are they who, during
the entire conflict of arms, like Job's war horse,
" smelled the battle afar off," and who, by their
speeches, practices, and votes during the same
period, gave all possible aid to the rebellion,
which added at least two years to the sanguinary
conflict.
3. Bounty-jumpers, skcdaddlcrs from the
draffs, deserters from the armies,_ cowardly
"soldiers who were prosecuted for misconduct,
and rascally contractors.
4. A few original Union men who are made
to believe that the President does in fact favor
such an infernal policy and yet have confidence
in his patriotism and integrity.
5. A small number of sore-heads, and those
•whose acute nasal organs snuff presidential pa-
tronage on the breeze which they have helped
to evoke and which they hope and pray may
blow them some good.
Presidential patronage after all is the great
leverage power that moves all this mass and is
the centripetal force that impels them inward
toward the President. This patronage is the
great magnet that attracts and holds all these
discordant elements in solution. The indis-
criminate bestowal of Government patronage
is the "threefold cord," the cohesive power of
public plunder that is to blend this heteroge-
neous mass into one homogeneous whole.
Treason is to be made odious and traitors are
to be punished by its free distribution. Anx-
ious to receive and endure the just retribu-
tion for their crimes, Alexander H. Stephens
and Herschel V. Johnson are ready and will-
ing to be offered up as living sacrifices in the
Senate of the United States, and if it please
God they are willing to endure such punish-
ment the remainder of theirnatural lives, even
should the days of their years be threescore
and ten, provided always that the Government
resume specie payment asto them immediately,
and provided further, that the State of Georgia
does not in the mean time renew the attempt
to secede, in which event they must again go
with their State. What a host of patriots are
anxious to be immolated in the same way, suf-
fering the just punishment for treason, making
it intensely odious. "They would suffer on
their threescore years" and finally " seize the
martyr's crown."
Mr. Speaker, the question thus submitted to
the consideration of this House and the coun-
try by these men is not the "restoration" of
the Government, but the immediate, uncondi-
tional surrender and ultimate destruction of
the Government. Thereby the rebels would
achieve in the political arena that which all
their armies under their great leaders, together
with the aid and comfort of the Vallandighams,
the Woods, and all their traitorous hosts in
the North could not effect in the field or at the
ballot-box. Those men never had any real
sympathy with the Government during its awful
struggle for life. True, in the summer and fall
of 1802, they pretended to favor the prosecu-
tion of the war for the Union, and worked dil-
igentlv to induce Union men to go to the field
with ttie secret understanding that Democrats
would stay at home and vote at the ensuing
election. Ohio, New York, and Pennsylvania
responded very promptly and generously to the
call of the Government that year. Nine tenths
of all the volunteers were Union men, who
would have voted the Union ticket had they
remained at home, but being absent from the
polls the so-called Democrats were enabled to
elect fourteenof the nineteen members of Con-
gress from Ohio, and gained largelyin the other
States for the same reason.
The result of that election was barely trans-
mitted o ver the wires when Vallandigham and
the entire party were rejoicing over the fruits
of their perfidy, holding large and enthusiastic
meetings all over the State, claiming their vic-
tories as A verdict of the people against the
administration of Mr. Lincoln and against the
further prosecution of the war.
But these men raised the shouts of a rebel
victory a little too early, as did the rebel armies
at Richmond in 1864, when they heard of the
nomination of McClellan for the Presidency.
The cause for which patriots were battling was
a just and holy one; and -when Union men
were cheated at home or stricken down in the'
field, like Roderic Dhu, it sounded its bugle, and
other patriots rushed to its standard and over-
whelmed the traitors. And so it will ever be
in so just a cause.
"They never fail who die in a sreatcause;
The block may suck their gore;
Their heads may sodden in the sun; their limbs
Be strung to city gates and castle walls,
But still their spirit walks abroad, though years
Elapsed and others share as dark a gloom,
They butaugmeiltthe deep andsweopingthoughts
"Which overpower all utliers.
And conduct the world at last to freedom."
The great object to be achieved by the suc-
cess of this scheme is the play of the old role,
"a united South and divided North." The
uniting and consolidating of the two wings of
the late Democratic party, with such additions
thereto as it is believed, intended, and expected
that presidential patronage will secure from
nominal Union men; with such material they
expect to consolidate all the factions named in
one great conservative party, organized and
ready for the campaign of 1868, relying almost
exclusively upon Government patronage to
aggregate this discordant mass, and blend it
into a sympathizing whole, if indeed, the Pres-
ident shall be so conspicuously unfortunate as
to fall into their hands.
What a motley army of mercenaries! Well
may the President turn upon them and say,
"Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, copper-
heads; ye do not follow me because of the
mighty works which I do, but for the loaves
and the fishes."
This party when thus consolidated is to be
baptised "The conservative party of the Con-
stitution." The traitors,, semi-traitors, bounty
jumpers, skedaddlers from drafts, cowardly
soldiers, rascally contractors, with the very few
Union men, will all look and act so much like
traitors that the future ethnologist will be com-
pelled to classify them all as rebels. Presi-
dential patronage is to be the sword of Bren-
nns,whose massive weight will make truth and
justice kick the beam. It is to be the all-heal-
ing restorative which will bring together and
cement the dissevered parts into one grand
whole. They claim that in such a party, com-
posed of such elements, there is enough good
men who once sympathized and acted with loy-
alty to dignify and give character to the whole.
This will be simply impossible. The Union
faction will become so thoroughly ingrafted
into the rebel vine and so completely identified
with the parent stock that a distinction cannot
be noted.
Mr. Speaker, I call to mind a single analogy
which will serve to illustrate my views of the
result. ''Once upon a time a cute Yankee
visited the West to dispose of a wonderful in-
vention of his prolific brain. He named the
invention 'nerve and bone liniment, and all-
healing restorative.' His best test as to its
remarkable qualities was made upon a sheep-
killing dog whoso tail was severed from the
body. The restorative being applied to the
stump a new tail was immediately produced,
looking precisely like the original. Seeing the
magical effect of this application, he also ap-
plied the restorative to the dissevered tail, and
as instantly a new dog was produced at. the end
of the tail, looking precisely like the original,
and the unfortunate owner was then and there
possessed of two sheep-killing dogs, looking
so nearly alike that he could not tell 'tother
from which."
But, sir, the most presumptuous and the
most mendacious assertion of all is, that their
scheme was inaugurated and supported by the
late President Lincoln. The bare statement
that the late martyred President, during his
wise administration of the Government, ever
entertained a single thought other than that of
preserving the Government for loyal men is
simply absurd. It is a foul slander upon his
fair fame and good name. The enemies of the
country, not content with pursuing him while
he lived with the most cruel and malignant
warfare and slander, now that he is dead seek
to blast his fair fame. Killed by the hands that
had been inspired and nerved by the teachings
of such men as Vallandigham and S. S. Cox,
of Ohio, the latter of whom said in the Chicago
convention, " £\>r less offense than Mr. Lin-
coln had been guilty of the English people had
chopped off the head of the first Charles. In
his opinion Lincoln and Davis ought to be
brought to the same block together." They
have brought Lincoln's head to the block, but
Davis still lives, and will live and be fgted by
these men till he dies a natural death, and then
he will be apotheosized and canonized in their
hearts forever.
Captain Koontz, of Pennsylvania, a McClel-
lan leader in that convention, said, "The
people will rise; and if they cannot put Lin-
coln out of power by the ballot they will by
the bullet," which elicited rounds of applause
in the convention. And by the teachings of
the so-called Democratic press of the North,
one of which, the La Crosse (Wisconsin) Dem-
ocrat of August 29, 1864, said:
"If he is elected to misgovern for another four
years we trust somo bold hand will pierce his heart
with a dagger point for the public good."
These quotations might be multiplied indefi-
nitely, hut these will exhibit the animus of
nearly all the Democratic leaders and press
of the North. And now, I say, that he has been
killed in pursuance of and under the direction
of such teachings, they seek to damn at once
and forever the fairest fame that appears "on
the landmarks of the cliffs of time,'' by con-
necting him with such an infernal policy as we
are now considering. A sense of shame ought
to mantle their cheeks, if, indeed, there remains
such a passibn or emotion in such abandoned
organizations. If he was in favor of surren-
dering to traitors while living why did they
denounce him then and finally kill him.
Mr. Speaker, there are no evidences of record
that President Lincoln ever assumed to have
an exclusive presidential policy for the resto-
ration of the rebel States. But the contrary
appears. In his proclamation accompanying his
annual message of December 8, 1863, he ex-
plicitly declared that—
"To avoid misunderstanding it maybe proper to
say that this proclamation so far as it relates to State
governments has no reference to States wherein loyal
State governments have all the while been main-
tained. And for the same reason it may be proper
further to say that whether members sent to Congress
from any State shall be admitted to seats constitu-
tionally rests exclusively with the respective Houses,
and not to any extent with the Executive."
Again :
"And still further that this proclamation is in
tended to present the people of the States wherein
the national authority has been suspended and loyal
State governments have been subverted a mode [not
tho mode] in and by which the national and loyal
State governments may be reestablished within said
States,'or any of them? and while the mode pro-
scribed is the best the Executive can suggest with his
present impressions, it must not be understood that
I no other possible mode wmikl bo accept able."
