624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
cise their jurisdiction. I submit that before a
measure of this kind should be adopted, we
should reflect most carefully upon what we are
doing. We should remember that this country
is now almost crushed into the very earth with
its accumulated burden of public debt, of State
debts, of county debts, of city debts, of town-
ship debts, of individual debts. We should bear
in mind that we may impose upon the people of
this country by this kind of latitudinarian and
most dangerous legislation a burden that is too
heavy to be borne, and against which the day
may come when the people, as one man, will
feel themselves called upon to protest in such
a manner as forever to overthrow that kind of
legislation and condemn to merited reproach
those who favor it.
This bill, taken in connection with the report
of the present Commissioner of the bureau, pro-
poses to require at the hands of Congress an
appropriation of nearly twelve million dollars.
That is almost equal to the annual expense of
our entire Government during the lirst two 01*
three Administrations. They propose in addi-
tion to that very great outlay to authorize the
officers of the Government who shall have more
or less connection with the administration of
this bureau to expend unlimited sums of money.
In this connection 1 invite attention to tiie
third section of the bill, which authorizes the
Secretary of War. in his own discretion, with-
out being restrained by any limitation upon its
exercise, by any safeguards of any kind, to ex-
pend in behalf of those freedmeu and refugees
such supplies of provisions, clothing, fuel, med-
ical stores, and transportation as shall be ne-
cessary from time to time for their protection
and to advance their interests. Where is the
limit upon the exercise of that great, power by
that ollicer? There is none, He may charter
railroads to transport them for place to place.
He may do for thetn what they, aud they alone,
should do for themselves.
It may be said that Ik; is acting under the obli-
gation of an oath of oflice, ami that he stands
in high position, and is surrounded therefore
by all those motives which ordinarily prompt
honorable men to discharge in a proper way
and within proper limits their official duties.
But let me call the attention of this House to
the fact that in the practical adinini.sti ation of
the afhuis of this Government in its vanous de-
partments there is not al\\a\s that nice repaid
for the propiielies of ollicial action that ought
always to characterize public ofliei.ds. I need
not, at Ihis day invite aitention to the fact that
even high Government officers may err. They
may sutler their judgment to tie warped or con-
trolled by their feeling-;. They may suffer them-
selves to be led astray from 'the strict path of
ollicial duty by partisan feelings. 1 do not
know what the present officers might do. but I
do say that, the danger of their doing it is at
least great enough to justify us, who-e duty it
is, to sin round (hem villi such guaids and lim-
itations as will prevent its occurrence.
Taking ih:if section, then, as it reads, 1 sub-
mit that it is within the power oi tlie Secre-
tary of War, in addition to the S 1 M)
that the Commissioner asks for now, to expend
$12,000,000 more—ay, twenty, thirty, one hun-
dred millions more, upon this same class of men,
women, and children.
Then let me invite attention to the provis-
ion of the fourth section of this act,. It is pro-
posed to set aside a certain portion of the pub-
lic lands in th" Stales of Florida, II i.'s.-.i.- sippi,
Alabama, Louisiana, and Ai kansas, not ex-
ceeding in the number of acres three millions,
for the exclusive us" of the freedmen and ref-
ugees. It is made the duty of the Commissioner
who shall control this bureau, under certain lim-
itations and regulations, to assign these public
lands in quantities of fort}- acres to the use
and occupancy of these freedmen and refugees.
.now. so far as that appropriation is concerned,
I will not question the propriety or justice of it,
although the manner of its execution is very
detective, i am in favor of allowing thoce peo-
pleto acquire laud in the country, and to become
owners of homesteads, just as much as any other
class of men, and upon just the same terms as
any other class of men i'n the country. I am in
favor, upon principle, of allowing every man
in the country to become a land-owner. The
people of this country will thus become better
citizens; they will acquire a more direct and
active interest in the Government, and_ will
necessarily become more intelligent and orderly
citizens, and better men.
But this section does not stop here. It proposes
to go further, and to make the Commissioner
of the bureau, under the Federal Government,
a sort of grand landlord of all these freedmen
aud refugees who shall see fit, for the time be-
ing, to squat upon these public lands. In other
words, these public lands are not to be assigned
to these freedmen and refugees as purchases
merely, but antecedent to the time when they
are expected to become able to purchase them,
they are to be allowed to rent the lands of the
Federal Government, and become tenant" of
the Government, and to pay a certain prescribed
rate of rent for the use of the lands.
Now, I would like to know, and I should cer-
tainly be grateful to the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ei.ior] if he would
inform me, where it is in the Constitution that
the power is vested to create this kind of de-
partment in the Federal Government, to make
this Government a landlord, to make this Gov-
ernment a great proprietor for the purpose of
cultivating ifs own public domain. I can find
no such power anywhere, nor have I heard any
gentleman hero undertake to point out where
it is to be found.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am more especially op-
posed to this bill on account of the provisions
of tilt! fifth section, which I will now read:
( That the occupants of hind under Major General
Sherman's special tietitolder.dated at Savanna!)..J an-
uary to, ISiiS, ale tnacbv eonliriin d in then-possession
tor the period of three \ ears trom the dale of-aid ordei,
and no person shall lie distuibed in or ousted from
said possession during said Ifnee veal's uniess a set-
tlement fhull he made with yaid occupant hy the
owner, satisfactory to the Commissioner of the I'rced-
uien's Bureau.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. KEllIl. I yield for a moment.
Mr. CHANLER,. 1 wish to make a statement
to the, llouse in regard to that order of General
Slieiman. There is in the hands of the Pres-
ident at this moment, a declaration, which 1
have t-ecn, written by General Sherman and
signed by him, declaring that when he made
that order, or when he gave to the freedmen a
place of refuge by that order, his purpose was not
to give tlieni a permanent title in the land, but
to secure them only a temporary possession, a
possessory title, for the purpose of giving homes
to the camp-followers who were old and de-
crepit!. He purposelv and specially excepted
from that order all able-bodied men, and never
dreamed that his order would carry with it the
shadow of a title. He did not inl end to assume,
as the declaration in this section goes to show,
fliat he could invade the rights of property or
grant titles under a military order. He repu-
diates the whole doctrine assumed by this sec-
tion. That letter should now be before the coun-
try, and in the hands of this House. It was in
my hamis to present to this House, but owing
to the dela\ consequent on ihe debate, I with-
drew lay claim to pieM'iit it. and it was given
to my colleague [Mr. Bai'MOMi] to present to
this House.
i make this, statement in order that the gen-
tleman, in making his argument upon this b'il,
may understand the exact position that G ee.eral
Sherman takes, ami thai neither General Sher-
man nor any other officer may be dragged into
this attempt to usurp legislative power under
military orders.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Ki:uu] vield to me for a moment?
Mr. KERR. Cerlainlv.
Mr. ELIOT. With llu : leave of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. 1\i:rp.,] I will say a
few words in reply to what 1ms just fallen from
tliegenticman from New York, [Mr. Ciiaxlek..]
I understand him to &ay, aud I desire to see if
1 understand him correctly, that a letter has
been written by General Sherman to the Presi-
dent, which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Chaxlek] was requested to communicate
to this House, and which he has left in the
hands of his colleague, [Sir. Raymond,] ex-
pecting that he would do it. Am I right?
Mr. CHANLER. Not exactly.
Mr. KERR. I hold in my hand that Order
No. 15, of General Sherman. If it will relieve
gentlemen of this cross-discussion, I will in-
corporate the material part of it in my remarks.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ciianler] t,o admit that
I am correct in what I supposed he intended to
say—that he was authorized either by General
Sherman or the President to communicate that
letter to this House.
Mr. CHANLER. No such thing. I will not
delay the argument of my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Kerb] by undertaking to reply to the very
unfair insinuation of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.] But I will say that
I had nothing to do with General Sherman or
the President. I only stated the fact that such
a paper as that was seen by me, and that it had
been placed in the hands of my colleague, [Mr.
Raymond.]
Mr. GRINNELL. When was it written?
Mr. CHANLER. It may have been written
within forty-eight hours, so far as I know. T
made the declaration that such a letter has been
written; that it, was written at the express re.'
quest of the President; I had nothing further
to do with it.
Mr. ELIOT. I understood the gentleman
to say it was put in his hands to communicate
to this House.
Mr. CHANLER. I did say I had been re-
quested to communicate it to this House.
Mr. ELIOT. By whom?
Mr. CHANLER. I will not say. Tliegen-
ticman knows as well as I do, and he can make
the declaration. But his object now is to throw
a doubt or some slur upon my statement,. He
knows the truth of my assertion. I made the
statement meiely in order that my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Ivekr] in his argument should
make no mistake on this point. I am doing it
in lair play to him, and not for the purpose of
interrupting or embarrassing his argument.
Mr. ELlOT. The gentleman declines to say
how he received this information. I know, but
I shall not say if he does not.
Mr. Speaker, T have seen that letter, and I
take it upon myself to say that the gentleman
from New York has not stated its contents cor-
rectly. It is no purpose of mine to cast a slur
upon the motives of anybody; and if the gen-
tleman had known mo better he would have
withheld what he has seen fit to say upon that
subject. The letter to which he refers does
undertake to state what were the motives or
intentions of the distinguished general in mak-
ing the order which is known as Special Order
No. 1o; and it may hereafter be well enough for
this llouse to determine whether the motives
of that general in his action in this case are so
much to be regarded as to what lie did. It is the
order that concerns us, not the motives of the
general who made it.
In that letter it is stated that the order mak-
ing allotments was not intended to operate per-
manently. This bill does not assume that it
was designed to operate permanently, but only
until some oilier order should interfere with
it, or until legislation should be had; and by
this bill we seek to consummate the legislation
which was contemplated in that order.
As to the statement, that General Sherman,
in his letter or by his order, repudiated the idea
that there were to be upon those allotments
men who were not aged or infirm, that, accord-
ing to my recollection, is not correct. General
Sherman did state that there were young aud
able-bodied men who it was desirable should
bo in the Army of the United States as soldiers.
So it is stated in the order; by that order they
are invited to enlist, and under it they did en-
list. General Sherman does state in his letter
that it was supposed that these allotments were
many of them to be for the benefit of the old,
