1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME;
the infirm, and of women while their husbands
or male friends were absent in the service of
the country. So the order states. But. I respect-
fully say that it is not correct to aflirm that
General Sherman in his letter places upon his
former action such a construction as to bring
it in conflict with the provisions of this bill.
Several Members. Let. us have the letter.
Mr. CONKLING. Let. me ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] where
that letter is.
Mr. ELIOT. I suppose that it is in the hands
of the commissioner of South Carolina.
Mr. KERR. If the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts will present that letter, I
will give way for that, purpose.
Mr. ELIOT. Why, sir, I had not the letter
in my hands for five minutes. It was to-day
shown to me in company with my distinguished
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and was
read by both of us.
Mr. KERR. Has the gentleman that letter
now in Itis possession?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly I have not. It is, I
suppose, in the hands of the part}'who obtained
it.from the President. It. was a letter addressed
by General Sherman to the President, and will,
I have no doubt, find its way in some manner
to this House. T have it not, or I would pro-
duce it with great pleasure.
Mr. KERK. I will read the first paragraph
of that famous field order, No. 15:
_" The islands from Charleston south, the abandon ed
rice fields along the rivers lor thirty miles back from
the sea. and the country bordering the St. John's
river, Florida., are reserved and pet apart for the set-
tlement of the riegioei- now made free by the acts of
war and the proclamation of the President of the
United States."
Much lias been said as to the intentions of
tlie distinguished general by whom this order
was promulgated. I know not what were the
intentions in his own mind at the time. Nor is
it material to know what they were. The order
is now history, a public record, and must be so
considered. But I doubt not the general's in-
tention was in harmony with correct legal con-
struction.* There is a legal rule by which we
may all determine for ourselves from the face
of the order what were the intentions of the
distinguished geneial who made it. It is a i ule
of intei pi elation that when an officer of the Gov-
ernment makes an order of this kind he intends
to go just so far and no farther than he has legal
power to go $ that he means no assumption of
power he docs not possess.
* General Sherman's letter referred to:
Washington", February 2,1866.
Sir: 1 have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter ot February 1, and. in compliance with
your request, 1 inclose herewith a copv of field order
Eo. l.\ of 1805, with this brief history of th-s origin and
reasons for making it:
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of "War, came to
Savannah soon after its occupation by the forces under
my command, and conferred freely with me as to the
best method to pio\ ide lor the vast numbei of ncsrroes
who had. followed the army ft om the interior of Geor-
gia, as also of those who had already congregated on
the island near Hilton Ilead, and were sfill coming
into our lines. We agreed perfectly that the young
and able-bodied men should be enlisted as soldiers,
or employed by the Quartermaster m the nece«sary
•vroik of unloading ships and lor other army purposes:
but thi« lett, on our hands the old and feeble, the
women and children, who had necessanly to be led
by the Unite'd States.
Mr. Stanton summoned a large number of the old
negroes, mostly preachers, with whom he held a long
conference, of which he took down notes. Alter this
conference he war- satisfied that the negroec could,
with some little, aid from us, by means of the aban-
doned plantation- on the sea islands and along the
navigable rivers, take care of themselves. He re-
quested me to draw up a plan that would be uniform j
and practicable. I made the rough draft, and we
went over it very carefully,Mr. Stanton makmgmany
changes, and the picsent orders No. 15 resulted and
were made public.
I knew, of course, we could not convey the title to
land, and merely provided possessory titles to be good
so long aswarandourmihtarypowerlasted. I merely
aimed to make provisions for the negroes who were
absolutely dependent on us, leaving the value of their
posessiun to bedetexmined by after events or legis-
lation. At that time..IanuaryJ8rto.it will be remem-
bered that the tone of the people of the South was
very defiant, and no one could teli when the period
of war tfoald oea-e; therefore 1 did not contemplate
that event as being so near at band.
I am, with great respect, your obedient servant.
W. T. SHERMAN, Major Onm-al.
To Andrew Johnson", Previdentof the United State*.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 40.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman frora-
Ir.diana [Mr. Kure] allow me to say one word
of explanation in reference to this letter of
General Sherman?
Mr. KERK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. -Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state my recollection of the communication
made by the commissioner of South Carolina,
When he came to-day and showed this letter
to the honorable chairman of the freedmen's
committee [Mr. Eliot] and myself, I thought
that, as a member of the House, I ought to
know how came General Sherman to be writ-
ing any letters on the subject. I therefore
ventured to make that inquiry, to which the
commissioner of South Carolina, according to
my present recollection—of course the honor-
able chairman of the committee will correct me
if I am mistaken—replied that the President
had made the request of General Sherman.
As I understand the matter, General Sherman
simply made a respectful answer in accordance
with the request of the President of the United
States.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, viewing this doc-
ument as a legal-paper demanding a legal in-
terpretation, 1 proceed to say that, in my judg-
ment, General Sherman by this order only
accomplished this much: he took possession
during war of a prescribed territory of the en-
emy in the exercise of a belligerent right, which
he as general in command of the armies of
the Government in that department had the
right to do, and General Sherman never at-
tempted by anything contained in this order,
because he had no power to accomplish such a
result, to give to these freedmen and refugees
any title to the lands in question. The act of
General Sherman was simply the exercise of a
belligerent right. It could exist only so long
as the belligerency existed. The moment peace
was restored, the moment Avar ceased, this or-
der ceased to have validity or vitality. I say,
therefore, the moment this war terminated this
order became void. It had spent iis force. It
had accomplished its end. It had done its full
ollicc, and could do no more. I take it to be
the law, both the international and public law
of this country, that no Government can take
property of this kind from one citizen and give
it to another. No Government by a mere act
•of legislation can divest a title from one party
and vest it in another.
Now, in sustaining my position on that point,
and to show the House and the country that I
am sustained by authority of the highest rank,
I beg leave to quote two or three pertinent au-
thorities.
I will first cite IlallocVs International Law,
page -130, paragraph twelve:
"Private property on land is now, a? a general
rule of war, exempt from seizui e o) confiscation : and
this general exemption extends even to cases of abso-
lute and unqualified conquer. Even where the con-
quest of a countiy is continued by the unconditional
relinquishment of sovereignty by the former owner,
there can be no general or partial transmutation of
private piopcity in virtue of any rights of conquest.
That which belonged to the Government of the van-
quished passes to the vie toriou> State, which abo takes
the place of theioimer sovereign in respect to the right
of eminent domain; but private liorhts and private
propci ty,botb movable and immovable, are in crencral
unaffected by'the operation* of awar, whether such
operations be limited to mere military occupation oi
extend to complete' conquest. Some modern text-
writers— Jlautefeuille, for example—contend for the
ancient rule, that private propci ly on land is subject
to s>ei/-uie and confiscation. Thcyaie undoubtedly
correct will) respect to the geneial abstract right, as
deduced from the law of nature and ancient practice:
but while the general right continues.modern u>age,
and the opinions of modern text-writers of the highest
authority, have limited this right by establishing the
rule of general exemption."
L will now read a short extract from the de-
cision of Judge Sprague of the district of Mas-
sachusetts, already referred to.
Judge Sprague says:
"An objection to the prize decisions of the district
court has arisen from an apprehen-ion of radical con-
sequences. It ha« been suppo-ed that if the Govern-
ment have the rights of a beiPfc'.'rent, then, after the
rebellion is suppressed, it will havcthe rights of con-
quest: that a Stato and it? inhabitants may be per-
manently divest-ed of all political privileges, and
treated as foreign territory acquired by arm*. This
is an en or, a grave and d/ingerou« error. Belligerent
rights cannot be exercised when there are no belliger-
ents. Conquest of a foreign country giveS absolute
and unlimited sovereign rights. Btrt yio n ation ever,
makes such a conquest of its own territory* If a &OS-,"
tile Power, either from without or within a.nsitfoti,
takes possession and holds' absolute domtfrkmCoVer
any portion of its territory, and the nation by iore&
of arms expels or overthrows the enemy, a«& jsiiip-
presses hosdlitiesjt acqmrosno new title; outiuerefr
regains the possession of which it had been temporarily
deprived. The nation ACQuire^np new sovereignty,,
but merely maintains its previous rights. Dumig£be
war of 1812 the British took possessio'n of Castihc/and
held exclusive and unlimited control-over it as. con-
quered territory. Costine was restored to us under
the treaty of peace, but it was never supposed that
the united States acquired a new title by thfe tr^&fcyy
and could thenceforward govern it as conquered ter-
ritory."
And in this same connection I will cite from
the same author another brief extract". I will
remark, however, that upon the principles of
public law. as well as the Constitution of our
country, when a rebellion or insurrection is sup-
pressed by the legilimateGovernment. the Gov-
ernment itself may have the right, as against
the individuals lately in rebellion or insurrec-
tion, to consider them as individual offenders
against the laws of the country, and it may de-
nounce against them as such offenders the pun-
ishment which their crimes deserve. But un-
der those principles, I say it is not competent,
by a mere declaration of the Government or a
mere law of Congress, to take from the people
of any section such property without proof; of
guilt, without proceedings to confiscate their
estates, without taking any of the steps required
by the Constitution, where it says that no per-
son shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law. I say that
when the Government desires to take from one
citizen his property and give it to another, or
make it the Government's own property, it must
do it by proceeding in pursuance of law against
the offender himself.
Judge Sprague says, in answer to this view
of the case:
"Under despotic Governments the power of muni-
cipal confiscation may be unlimited; but under our
Government the right of sovereignty over any por-
tion of a State is given and limited by the Constitu-
tion, and v:iU be the same aj'cr the icar as it teas bcjorc.
"When the Vnitcd States take possession of any rebel
district, thev acquire 110 now title, but merclv vindi-
cate thatwluch previously existed, and ai e todo only
what is ncces.^iry for that purpose. Confiscations of
property, not for any use that has been made of it,
which £;0 not against any offending thine-, but are
inflicted for the personal delinquency of the owner,
aie punitive, and 2yunixh:nent  thouhl be inflictcd only
upon due conviction of personal guilt."
In the same connection I will invite atten-
tion to the opinion of Alexander Hamilton, one
of the earliest, greatest publicists of this coun-
try. In replying to those who represent the
confiscation or sequestration of debts as our
best means of retaliation and coercion, as our
moist powerful, and sometimes as our only
means of defence, he says:
" So dcjrradnisr an idea will be rciected with disdain
by every man who feels a true am! vt el!-informed na-
tional pride: by every man who rcvellci-ts and'/rlories
that in a state of still greaterimmaturity we achieved
independence without the aid of this dishonorable
expedient. The Fcdciai Government never resorted
to it,.aml a few only of the State governmcntswstained
themselves with it."—vol. 7, p. 329.
One more authority, too pertinent to be omit-
ted. is from the opinion of Chief Justice Mar-
shall in the United States vs. Pereheman, 7
Peter's Reports, page SG:
"It mav not be unworthy of remark that it is very
unusual even m mx? of conquest for the conqueror
to do more than to displace fhosovereicn and assume
dominion over the country. The modern iwivre of na-
tion=, which has become law, w oulc  be violated, that
sense of justice and of right which is acknowledged •
and felt by the whole civilized world would be out-
raged, if private property should be generally confis-
cated and private rights annulled,"
Now, jesting my opinion on these authori-
ties, I insist that Congress has now no legal or
constitutional right in time of peace, when there
are no belligerents, to go into the State? named
in that order, or any other State, and take even
the possession of the lands of the people from
the owners and give thorn to anybody else.
Much les? have wo any right to talc- from them'
the fee. the absolute estate in 'hose lands. Uiis
kind of legislation can onty be designed^ to
operate as a punishment, not against the tiling
taken, but against the land-owm*r. The author-
ities say that this kind of punishment can only
