1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
304)9
country that enabled us to maintain the balance
ol'trade in our favor. Cotton was indispensa-
ble to the industrial pursuits in Europe. We 1
had not to beg a market for cotton. It de-
manded its market and that demand had to
be responded to by all the industrial interests
of Europe. Now, sir, when it is very impor-
tant that we should encourage the production
of agriculture, riot only with a view to the in-
terests of the southern Slates, but with a view
to the substantial interests of all the country,
that we may have an article for export which
will command a foreign market, which will
restore the balance of trade in our favor, which
will enable us to keep the precious metals at
home ; now, at a period in our history when it
is most important that we shall encourage this
production, we impose a most extraordinary
tax upon it, a tax, as the Senator from Del-
aware has said, which will be equal to one
third of its whole value if the production were
equal to what it was a few years ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. 217.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will be
postponed until we dispose of this report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to. octJupy the
attention of the Senate but for a moment, and
would like to conclude what I have to^aynow,
if it is the pleasure of the Senate. I presume
this subject is as important as any that will be
brought before the Senate.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to the
unfinished business being laid aside informally
for the purpose of completing the business on
hand ; but I do not wish it to lose its place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not lose its place;
it can be laid aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Iris sug-
gested that the unfinished business of yester-
day be laid aside by common consent temjjo-
rarily until the debate shall close upon this ques-
tion. That will be the course pursued, no ob-
jection being made. The unfinished business
is laid aside.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Heretofore, as I un-
derstand, cotton has been worth nine cents a
pound. It is worth more than that now, because
of the great falling off in its production. Sup-
pose—and it is very much to be hoped that it
will return to its former market price—it re-
turns to that price of nine cents a pound, one
third of that value is imposed for the purposes
of taxation. Sir, what is the tendency of this
legislation? It is, to say the least of it, to em-
barrass the production. The only article that
we propose to tax as it comes from the face
of the earth is cotton; and why? Is it because
that article is produced in the southern States?
I ask Senators if we are going to legislate in
our revenue laws for revenue upon the princi-
ple of prejudice or sectional dislike.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator is mistaken
in one statement. There is one other article
taxed that comes from the earth, and that is
gold, which I think is wrong.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator calls my
attention to a fact which I had overlooked, that
gold is taxed. Gold is hardly an agricultural
production. I thought it unwise to impose any
tax upon gold. I thought it was the policy of
the Government in our present condition to
cncourage the production of gold, and so spoke
and so voted in the Senate when that tax was
first imposed.
I ask Senators why cotton is selected as an
object of taxation. It is the only agricultural
product that is taxed before any value is added
to it by labor. Is it because it is a production
of the southern States? I am sure Senators
will not admit that this tax is imposed as a
penalty upon the people of the South. A rev-
enue system must be imposed without reference
to prejudice or sectional dislike. It must be
just to all the interests of the country. But, sir,
as a northern man, I believe that the northern
people are interested in the production of cotton
to a very large extent in order to restore the bal-
ance of trade in our favor with Europe. This
interest was never in such an embarrassed and
depressed condition as it is in at this very hour.
Nature seems to have been against it during
this present year. In large portions of the
South the seed was found to be unfit for plant-
ing, and in many localities the crop will fail on
that account. In other and in very large and
desirable localities the rivers have broken from
their boundaries, and have^flooded whole sec-
tions of the country, so that no crop will be
produced. And now, when the peo.ple of
the southern States are scarcely able to culti-
vate the land at all; when nature has joined
with their poverty to prevent the production
of a crop; when the balance of trade is against
us ; when we need to send -hundreds of thou-
sands of bales across the ocean to restore the
balance of trade in our favor, at this period it
is proposed, when we are reducing taxation
upon other articles, to increase by fifty per
cent, the tax upon cotton. I cannot under-
stand the statesmanship or the policy that for
one moment will allow such legislation.
I presume that we are to be answered during
the latter part of this week from the House of
Representatives on this subject of the balance
of trade. Our productions have been cut off;
much of the labor of the country for the past
five years has been called into the Army ; the
lands of the country have not responded with
their abundant crops during these five years as
in past years ; the balance of trade is largely
against us; and now Congress is to depress
the most important interest, which we ought
to encourage, and we are to be told in the lat-
ter part of this week, I presume, that wc shall
restore the balance of trade in our favor by
cutting off arbitrarily and by a prohibitory
tariff any importations from abroad. To strike
down that interest in our own country which
will restore trade, which will place our inter-
ests as they should be in our commercial rela-
tions with foreign countries, and instead of
that policy, prohibit importations from abroad,
and make the agricultural interestof this coun-
try wholly dependent upon the manufacturing
interests for their supplies—this is the policy
that is to be carried out at this Congress. I
do not know whether the western country will
quietly agree to it. I see that western gentle-
men give it their support. I suppose this pol-
icy is to receive the support of western gen-
tlemen. I suppose the tariff that is to come
in here, which is a part of the sj-stem of which
this bill is a part, will receive the support of
western gentlemen. *
For one, sir, I shall vote upon this bill and
upon the tariff bill without sectional feeling;
but I think we have a right to ask that toward
our interests there shall be simple justice. I
would like to see manufactures and commerce
encouraged; but I do not want to see taken
from agriculture a thousand million dollars
and put into the pockets of the manufacturers
of this country. New England, New York,
and Pennsylvania have not the right to ask
this. We protect by most extraordinary du-
ties the labor of New England, and by most
extraordinary duties wo oppress the agricult-
ural interest. What response can Senators
make to the people of the West, when the
people are told that a bushel of corn, which is
worth in the farmer's crib, say forty cents,
when it has one process of manufacture, when
it goes into liquor, and in a shape in which it
can be shipped to a market, is to bo taxed
eight dollars, and cotton is tq be taxed an in-
crease of fifty per cent, in a bill that proposes
to reduce the taxes of the country, and on the
other hand that the labor of another section
of the country is to be protected by a law which
prohibits importation?
It will not do to tell the country that this is
a financial policy. It is not such. It is not
imposed for purposes, simply and alone, of
revenue. I will support that system of tariff
which is designed for revenue. I am willing
that the labor of New England shall be bene-
fited by a revenue tariff. We have to_raise a
large amount of gold to meet our public debt,
and I am willing to agree to a revenue tariff.
I think that is enough. I think, then, that
when that protection is given to the labor of
one section of the country there ought not to
be a direct tax upon the labor of another sec-
tion of the country. Because this bill starts
out with the policy of taxing an agricultural
production in the shape in which it comes
from the earth I will not vote for the report of
the committee. While the taxes upon other
articles of production are reduced you increase
the tax Upon one article of agricultural produc-
tion ; and next year it may take one step fur-
ther. If you can tax cotton as it comes from
the earth, why may you not tax wheat? Three
cents a pound upon cotton, when cotton comes
down to nine or ten cents a pound, is equal to
twenty, thirty, or thirty-five cents a bushel on
wheat. Suppose you say to the farmers of the
West, we will tax wheat twenty, thirty, or forty
cents. Why not? Upon what principle do you
refuse to do it? If it is right to tax agricult-
ural labor in the production of one article as
a raw material, why is it not right to tax an-
other article of agricultural labor? If you can
take this step this year you may take another
step next year. I oppose it at the start. I do
not think it is right to tax the labor that is
expended upon the earth.
Of course, Mr. President, this report will be
adopted; of course the tariff bill that will come
in here, a part of this system, will also be
adopted; and then the country will have the
system—a system exceedingly favorable to the
labor of one portion of the country and de-
pressing to the labor of another section of the
country. This question \vill eventually have
to be contested before the people, not as a sec-
tional question, I hope, but as a question of
justice to labor; and on that question I believe
the country will come to the right judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana tells us that he approaches this
question in neither a partisan nor a sectional
view, and he closes his remarks with an appeal
to the people against the enormities of this tax
bill. He commenced his remarks by stating
that this whole bill is a discrimination against
the agricultural interest; and as he and I rep-
resent agricultural States, and as he proposes
to discuss this matter before the people, 1 pro-
pose to meet him here at the threshold.
I assert that in this tax bill there is no tax
on any production of the State of Indiana or
Ohio except the tax on whisky ; that the whole
bill, if there is any discrimination at all, is in
favor of agriculture; and that most of the re-
lief which is extended by this tax bill is in
favor of the interests that he and I rej>resent. .
As l,was a member of the committee that had
the consideration of this bill, I can state what
I do now authoritatively, that there is no tax
in this bill affecting any interest of Indiana or
Ohio in which wo are not relieved to a consid-
erable extent from the previous tax. There is
no tax on any production of agriculture of In-
diana or Ohio in this bill. Besides that, all
the tax on the implements which are used by
the farmer in his agricultural production is
thrown off. That is a discrimination in favor
of the agricultural interest. The mowing-
machine, the rake, the plow, the harrow, and
all the multitude of implements that are used
by the farmer, pay no tax. They are relieved
from the tax not only on the machine itself,
but on the component parts that enter into the
machine. The building that is constructed on
the farm is free from tax. All the tax is re-
moved from almost every implement of hus-
bandry and almost every article that is con-
sumed in the family. Not only that, but when
you come to transport the product of the farm
"from the field where it grows to the consumer
in the East and in Europe, the tax is removed
from the transportation; so jjiat there is no
tax on the production of the agricultural arti-
cle, or on the tools which produce it, or on the
labor which raises it, or on the transportation
which carries it to a market. Now, for the
honorable Senator from Indiana to state here,
in an evident appeal to the people upon a tax
question, that this bill discriminates against
