I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2649
there is a member of Congress from Kentucky,
or Tennessee, or Maryland, or Virginia, or any
of those States where some of the boys have
goaeinto the rebellion, who has an appointment
to make. It becomes a question for this .Rep-
resentative to determine, and determine for
himself; he has the right to make the selec-
tion, ana we by law now assume to declare, if
this amendment is adopted, that he shall not
select any young man who has been in the rebel
service, who went in voluntarily, but he may
Select one if lie has been conscripted and forced
to go in. I do not see any injustice in it, and
I think that we ought to draw the distinction
between the voluntary and involuntary rebels,
between the rebels who of their own intent
made this rebellion, and those who were forccd
into it when military authority or power was
established over them. I would carry that dis-
tinction out in very many ways, holding those
responsible who moved in it, who voluntarily
went into it, not those who were forced into it.
Mr. CLARK. We have had in this matter
a bitter experience. We had a great many
young men educated at the Military Academy
and at the Naval School who, in the country's
emergency, turned enemies to the country. . I
do not want that that experience ever should
be repeated, or that there should be a possibil-
ity of its being repeated if there should be
again another war. "Then," suggeststhe Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Conn-ess,] "wo had
better be careful." That is what I desire to
do; and I desire to say to those gentlemen who
may have the appointments from those districts
which are loeated in the rebel or confederate
country, "You shall not appoint anybody who
has ever been in that service," and I would not
leave to any such member to say whether the
service had been voluntary or involuntary, but
I would make the fact that he had been in that
service conclusive against him. It is a very
different thing to give a vote to a man who has
been voluntarily or involuntarily in the service
of the confederacy from what it is to put a boy
who has been in that servic in the Army or
Navy, where he may do you mischief.
I do not want, as I said in the beginning,
that our experience should be repeated. I think
for the present we had better keep our Acad-
emies, Naval and Military, )pure from any such
influence, and if by and by, as years roll around,
we find the loyalty of the country returning,
eo that circumstances will warrant it, then it
will be time enough to extend the law; but
now we should make the exclusion final.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think my friend from
New Hampshire rather exaggerates what has
heretofore occurred at the Military Academy.
I had occasion some time ago, with the aid of
the gentleman who is now at the head of the
Academy, to look at the number who had joined
the rebellion, among those who had been edu-
cated at the Academy, and it was comparatively
a very small percentage ; and I think it may
be safely said now, looking to the experience
that those who joined it have "had, that no man
who will ever be educated there in the future
will be found raising his arm against the'Gov-
ernment. If there are men who have suffered
nrorej perhaps,-than any others during the re-
bellion, it is those who have forfeited their
claim to public confidence by having joined the
war as against the Government by whom they
were educated. And when my friend from New
Hampshire speaks of the experience we have
had in the past, I think he misapplies the term
as applicable to the question before the Senate.
We have had no such experience as to teach
us how to act in the particular case now before
us. When those who were educated there and
who did join the rebellion were sent to the Mil-
itary Academy we were at peace with each
Other ; no man dreamed at that time that there
would be sueh a war as afterwards unfortunately
turned out; and I suppose no boy ever was
sent to the Academy who during the period of
his education or for years afterward thought
Of raising his hand against the Government;
and those who were most conspicuous in the
"service of the rebellion were men who had
fought very gallantly and with great skill, and
had contributed in a great measure to raise the
military reputation of the country in defense
of the United States in the war with Mexico.
Their fault has been (and it is a fault which I
do not think the Senate exactly appreciate) that
they were educated in that part of the United
States where the doctrine of secession was
taught as a constitutional doctrine, really be-
lieved in. The effect of that teaching was not
confined to the South; a great many men at
the North entertained the same opinion; a great
many at the North before the rebellion and
during the rebellion avowed the same opinion.
At the time the fugitive slave actwas pending
before Congress, and more strikingly after it
had become a law and it was called in question
in some of the States, a great many men who
have been thoroughly true to the Union except
in that particular, were resolved to resist by
force the execution of that la<v, and avowed
that determination.
Mr. CLARK. Does the Senator allege that
as any excuse for these men who were false to
the Government?
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all. I am excusing
them from ignorance. The reason I referred
to it was merely for the purpose of palliating
in some measure what had been done. No one
is further from justifying it than I am. Nobody
regretted it or condemned it more than I did;
but while regretting it and condemning it, I
could not lielp feeling upon iny own judgment
the influence of the considerations to which I
have alluded, that although they committed a
crime, in my judgment,, against the United
States, and were guilty of the otfense of treason,
the highest of all crimes provided against in the
Constitution, yet they were made to believe,
and I have 110 doubt in hundreds of instances
did conscientiously believe, thatitwasnocrime.
But they have waked up now—that I have no
doubt of—to a conviction that, in the past they
committed a great blunder. Now, without
mentioning names, and no question that any
Senator can put to me can induce me to men-
tion the name, because it would be indecorous,
and therefore no Senator will ask me, I met a
southern gentleman who was a member of 4ie
Peace Convention, of which I happened to be
one, in the cars here the day before yesterday;
he was a southern man, very warm, very de-
cided, very zealous, and, as 1 thought and told
him at the time, if he succccded in controlling
the deliberations of the convention war would
certainly be the result, and that their institu-
tion of slavery, to which they were so much
attached, would necessarily fall. Ho looked
careworn when 1 saw him the day before yes-
terday only. I recognized him and he recog-
nized me, and he immediately took his seat by
mo, and said, quite in a sorrowful tone, and I
have no doubt in great sincerity, "You were
right, and I was wrong; I admit that I was
wrong; God forgive me." I have no doubt
he spoke with as much sincerity as a man can
feel; and that he was sincere, equally sincere,
when he was a member of that convention I
have no doubt, not the slightest.
" I only refer to these things for the purpose
of showing that there are circumstances which
should induce us to grant some little indulgence
to our brethren of the South, and especially to
the boys of the tender age of some twelve,
thirteen, or fourteen, who were led away by
the example of those around them, upon whose
judgment it was very natural that they should
rely.
Mr. CLAIIK. Mr. President, supposing the
facts and considerations to bo as stated by the
Senator from Maryland, supposing these people
did go into secession from false notions of edu-
cation, nevertheless the fact is so that many
men who were educated at the Military Academy
engaged in the rebellion. They had the benefit
of an education which qualified them all the
more to do mischief toward this Government.
So in the Naval Academy. Now, does not that
experience teach us to be cautious? And would
it be wise to appoint young men who have been
engaged in the rebellion into these places to be
educated, when, as said by the Senator from
Vermont,, there are so many young men -who
have been engaged on the other side, or who
are the children of heroes on the other side,
who would desire these places? I desire to
say nothing in disparagement of any person
who repents of the evil he has done, but I cer-
tainly would not give a man who had committed
treason an opportunity to commit it again, and
make that treason all the more effectual, by-
educating him in the service of the United
States. I'reason committed once is enough for
all time to come ; there should be no opportu-
nity of renewing it. I thinkwe should not put
these boys into these schools.
Mr. HOWE. If the question were whether
one of these young men should be sent to the
penitentiary for life or should pay the forfeit
of his life upon the scaffold, the inquiry whether
their service in the rebellion had been volun-
tary or involuntary I think would be a perti-
nent one. and it would be proper for us to
examine and determine that fact before exe-
cuting either of those sentences. That is not
the question. Undoubtedly, as the Senator
from Maryland has said, this rebellion origin-
ated in a faulty education. Undoubtedly he
is quite correct in saying that that education
was not all obtained in the districts in which
the rebellion had its origin; that we partici-
pated, were to some extent responsible for that
education. Let us get rid of that responsibility
hereafter. The only part we ever had in that
ed u cation was in si tti ng and hearing the " right''
asserted and the threat made year after year
and never taking any steps to guard against it.
And now we are in danger of perfecting that
education by showing the world that we can-
not to-day, with all wo have seen of the fruits
of that education, bring our minds to discrim-
inate between loyalty and disloyalty, between
fidelity to the Government and treason against
the Governmet.
Mr. President, the Senator from Maryland
thinks that they have got over the effects of
that education; that they have now been brought
to see that they have committed, not a crime—
he does not say that—but a blunder; and in
evidence of that he recites a conversation that
he had a day or two since with one who par-
ticipated in that blunder, which I prefer to call
a crime. It suggested to me the fact that this
morning I received a newspaper which con-
tained a notice of a demonstration made I
think in the city of Raleigh in commemoration
of the life and services of General Jackson of
the rebel army, known as Stonewall Jackson.
It also contained quite a lengthy account of a
similar demonstration made, if I recollect
aright, in the city of Lynchburg, in Virginia,
where the whole city formed a procession, the
city authorities, all the societies, the fire com-
panies, everything like an organization in the
city turned out into the street to do honor to
the memory of General Jackson; and who was
General Jackson ? One of the renowned chiefs
in the perpetration of that which the Senator
from Maryland characterizes as a blunder 
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not say so.
Mr. HOWE. I so understood.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
is generally so fair that I am sure he will do
mo justice. I did not say it was a blunder
alone; I said it was a crime—the offense of
treason. That may be called a blunder in one
sense, but not a blunder as contradistinguished
from the blunder of a crime—a pretty fatal
blunder.
Mr. HOWE. I certainly did not mean to
misquote the Senator from Maryland ; I prefer
his own language. Then he was the man who
took a leading part in the perpetration of that
crime. While they are doing honor in this
way to these men whom the Senator from
Maryland and myself agree in characterizing
as criminals, have we any reason to suppose
that they have learned really to regard that
conduct even as a blunder? They think it_an
honor, they think it a credit, they think it a
glory, and by all these demonstrations they are
trying to tcach us thiit it is a j ftnd while
