1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loyal Men Must Rule—Mr. Bundy.
Ho. of Reps.
From these extracts it will be seen that Mr.
Lincoln entertained no purpose of inaugurat-
ing a "presidential policy" and cramming it
down the throats of the Congress nolens volens,
but, on the contrary, averred as his deliberate
judgment and honest sentiment (he never had
any other) that the right, the power, and pre-
rogative of admitting members sent to Con-
gress from any State rested exclusively with
Congress, and not to any extent with the Ex-
ecutive, and that while he was compelled to
present "a mode," being the best that he could,
suggest at the time, " it must not be understood
that no other possible mode would be ac-
cepted."
This, Mr. Speaker, is not the language or
the manner of an imperious dictator, but the
exhibition of an honest effort made by the
modest Executive and wise statesman to in-
augurate and set on foot such incipient or
inchoate measures as might ultimately lead to
the restoration of a distracted country. I defy
all his bitter enemies, North and South, who
now have the presumption and mendacity to
be the pretended supporters of any alleged
policy of Mr. Lincoln, to produce a single line
or paragraph of his, spoken or written, that
will warrant the belief or assertion that the
late President ever entertained in the remotest
degree any purpose to admit disloyal men to
seats in the Congress of the United States, as
is now claimed by the 'supporters of this
scheme and the pretended supporters of the
present President.
In the last speech Mr. Lincoln ever made
on earth, and as his last will and testament to
a disordered country, he said, speaking of his
acts as the Executive:
" In this I have done just so much and no more
than the public knows. In the annual message of
December, 1S63, and accompanying proclamation, I
presented a plan of reconstruction (as the phrase
goes) which I promised if adopted, should be accept-
able to and sustained by the executive government
of the nation. I distinctly stated that this was not
the only plan which might possibly be acceptable,
and I also distinctly protested that the Executive
claimed no right to say when or whether members
should be admitted to seats in Congress from such
States. This plan was. in advance, submitted to the
then Cabinet and distinctly approved by every mem-
ber of it. One of them suggested" * * * *
"that Ishouldomittheprotest against my own power
in regard to the admission of members of Congress."
I take this from President Lincoln's speech
after the fall of Richmond, April 11,1865, three
days before he was assassinated. In his proc-
lamation of May 29, 1865, President Johnson
fails to "protest against his power in regard
to the admission of members of Congress,"
and the fair inference is that the same member
of the Cabinet who tried to induce Mr. Lincoln
to omit the protest against Ms power, &c., pre-
vailed with Mr. Johnson. At any rate that
important protest against the legislative power
of the President is omitted in the proclama-
tion of Mr. Johnson. Subsequent events have
made that omission significant.
Bat, Mr. Speaker, as all the malignant shafts
of his vindictive enemies fell harmless at the
feet of the wisest statesman the world has ever
seen, while living, so now they will be more
conspicuously impotent, in even shading his fair
fame when dead. His fame is safe, for it is—
" Woe unto us, not him, for he rests well."
And—
"The earth that bears him dead bears
Not alive so stout a gentleman."
" The good knight is dust,
His good sword is rust.
And his soul is with the saints we trust."
It may be said of him as of one of the olden
time patriots, that—
"By him the people held their native rights
Unimpaired, unoppressed; the great restrained
£Vom lawless violence, and the poor from
Rapine by him—him their mutual shield."
He was emphatically—
"The rudder's guidance and the curb's restraint."
When his enemies shall have rotted and their
39th Cong. Tst Sess.—No. 14.
memories' perished from among men, it will be
said of Abraham Lincoln that he—
"Hath borne his faculties so meek, hath been
So clcar in his great office, that his virtues
Will plead like angels, trumpet-tongued, against
The deep damnation of Ms taking off."
His tomb in after times will be a shrine for
the pilgrimage of freedom's votaries, and upon
his grave the future patriot will relume the
dying flame of liberty.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are a few, a "very
select few" gentlemen upon this floor who were
elected as unconditional Unionists, as I am
advised, that by their speeches in very general
and indefinite terms propose an immaterial
modification of the Democratic rebel seheme
of reconstruction, having the same general pos-
tulate, to wit, "Once a State always a State
but in the application of the principle involved
in their theory, the right to representation of
su eh State in Congress is limited to the loyal peo-
ple thereof, requiring no action on the part of
their respective State governments to put them
in "practical relations with the Federal Govern-
ment," and forbidding the action of Congress
in the same direction. And this they claimpar
excellence as the "my policy" of the President.
Judging from such intimations as are permitted
to transpire, these gentlemen have the ear of
and the inside track with the President. If this
scheme at the first blush should seem more
loyal and plausible than the Democratic rebel
scheme, it will be found to be wholly impracti-
cable in its application to the case in hand.
As the case now stands it cannot effect a loyal
restoration of the entire Government. Foritis
not claimed that any of the eleven rebel States
not now represented elected or pretended to
elect a single loyal Representative to Congress
except the States of Tennessee and Arkansas,
and perhaps one from North Carolinawho has
no constituency behind that can sustain him.
There is not much doubt but that Representa-
tives who can honestly take the oath from Ten-
nessee and Arkansas will be admitted to this
Congress, and perhaps at its present session.
At any rate, for one, I am now and have been
in favor of the admission of such men from
those States, and will so vote when opportunity
permits.
But as to the remaining nine rebel States no
one, I believe, who is or has been regarded as
thoroughly loyal, claims or pretends to claim
that they have elected a single Representative
who can conscientiously take the required oath,
(the same oath that every member of the pres-
ent Congress was required to take before he
could have a place on this floor,) unless it be
the one from North Carolina, as above indi-
cated. Why, Mr. Speaker, there are not enough
loyal men in any one of the nine States to fill
and execute the offices of postmaster, assessor,
and collector of internal revenue. That this
view of the political condition of those States
and their people is correct is evidenced by the
message of the President now lying upon your
table appealing to Congress to modify or repeal
the test oath so that he can procure the ser-
vices of enough men in those States to carry the
mails, take charge of the post offices, and assess
and collect the Government taxes therein,
which would again bring unrepenting and un-
relenting rebels into the high places of the
nation, there to fester and batten and riot as in
days of yore.
Thousands of the brave boys once in blue
are " waiting and watching" "for something
to turn upsome suitable recognition of their
service^ sufferings, and sacrifices by that Gov-
ernment they have so nobly and heroically
saved. These men could take the required
oath. They are abundantly qualified in every
way to discharge the duties of these various
offices that rebels musthavea "dispensation"
to enable them to hold.
So much for this preeminently "my policy"
which in following to its legitimate and logical
conclusion, practically lands in "the slough of
despond" with the Democratic rebel theory, or
else it must be merged in the Union policy
hereinafter stated. We hope that its fate may
be with the latter, for it will be much more
pleasant to cooperate with the former friends
of the Union an'd the party who saved it than
to be compelled to separate from them for any
cause. But unless they adhere to the well-
n rtrin Art v\ /I a V. 11 '.I. J ^ T y- u ^ i* iL . j
by the masses, painful and apparently destruc-
tive as it may be, separation will come, not by
any act of the large body of the party, for it will
move straight forward to the accomplishment
of its great purposes unseduced by patronage
and unawed by power, its only aspiration being:
"Thy spirit, Independence, let me share;
Lord of the lion heart and eagle eye,
Thy steps I follow, with my bosom bare,
Nor heed the storm that howls along the sky."
If, indeed, offenses must come, woe unto him
by whom they come.
The great Union party in and out of Con-
gress believe with Governor Johnson, then of
Tennessee:
"That the traitor has ceased to be a citizen, andm
i'oining the rebellion has become a public enemy.
le forfeited his right to vote with loyal men when
he renounced his citizenship and sought to destroy
our Government."
They accepted that as the law of the case in
1864 pronounced by one of theirgreat leaders;
they carried that law into effect in November of
that year by electing its author as the Vice Pres-
ident of the United States. It was good law
then, it is good law now, and they adhere to it.
They care very little about the "dead State"
or "live State" theories, and only regard the
attempted distinction as one of form and not of
substance. But they do regard as of vital im-
portance the real status of voluntary rebels and
the substantive rights and privileges of volun-
tary Unionists in the great work of restoration.
Fix these upon an enduring, fair basis, and the
metaphysical publicists may dispute as much as
they like about immaterial matters connected
with this great subject. The Union men in
Congress and out of Congress very modestly,
vet earnestly and firmly, assert that Congress
lias the absolute right, and it is its duty to exer-
cise that right, to determine who shall and who
shall not be admitted to seats therein from the
rebel States. This position, I take it, will be
maintained at all hazards as against all antag-
onists, no matter whence they come orwhither
they go. And in fixing the character of such
representation it is as firmly determined that
none but loyal men shall rule America. " Trai-
tors must take back seats in the work of resto-
ration." If in order to secure such a construc-
tion of future Government it has become neces-
sary to have certain amendments made to the
Constitution, then let that precede complete
restoration. No loyal man doubts that there
is such a necessity and that such an exigency
is now upon us. Now is the time to effect the
work ; so said Andrew Johnson in 1864:
" I conclude that Governments can and ought to be
changed and amended to conform to the wants, to the
requirements and progress and the enlightened spirit
of the age. And let me say, now is the time to secure
these fundamental principles, while the land is rent
with anarchy and upheaves with the throes of a.
mighty revolution. W^ilesociety is in thisdisordered
state, and we are seeking security, letus fix the foun-
dation of the Government on the principles of eternal
justice which will endure for all time."—Speech of
Governor Johnson at Jfashville, July 2,1864. #
This was good political doctrine then ennn-
ciated in words fitly spoken ; it is just _ as
sound now, and will remain so, commanding
the homage of every loyal heart and demand-
ing the earnest, vigorous effort of every loyal
man until, indeed, the Government of this
country shall be finally and forever rescued
from the grasp of the traitor, and its founda-
tions fixed "on principles of eternal justice
which will endure for all time."
To this end the committee on reconstruction
has just agreed upon a plan which, if adopted
