210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
Senate.
Funding of the National Debt—Mr. Sherman.
39ti-i Cong. ... 1st Sess.
and carried into final effect, will go very far fo
secure these grand results.
As I now understand it from a very hasty
perusal of the series of the proposed amend-
ments to the Federal Constitution, I shall most
cheerfully support it. The first section, looking
to the security and defense of the personal and
property rights of the citizen in all the States,
is certainly just and right, and must commend
itself to the judgment of every fair-minded man.
The second section, looking to the proper
and equitable distribution of political power
in all the States, fixing the basis of represen-
tation in each, is certainly just, and the rights
of the loyal white men in this country demand
its adoption as a part of the fundamental law
of the land ; so that a white voter in the North
shall hereafter be just as good and no better
than a white voter in the South. No one but
the aristocrat, the rebel, or the demagogue will
oppose the adoption of that article.
As to the third section it is not very material,
in my judgment, whether that is retained or
not as a part of the general plan, provided it
be followed up by the passage into law of the
accompanying bill, which provides for the dis-
franchisement of certain descriptions of vol-
untary rebels. Whether the third section is
in or out matters very little to me.
As to the fourth and last section, there cer-
tainly can be no valid objection urged against
its adoption and ratification. As a whole, then,
let this plan receive the hearty support of every
Union man in and out of Congress, and the
work of restoration will be rapid, fair, and
easy, asking and demanding no more of the i
people in the unrepresented States than we are
willing to impose on ouiselves, and cheerfully
bear. With all deference to gentlemen on the
other side, we do think a northern man is
just as good as a southern man. We do not
want to be compelled to look up to him or
have him look up to us, but to meet all such
upon the common democratic plain "seeing
eye to eye," each feeling himself to be just as
good, just as much of a man as the other; no
better and no worse. If Democrats shall per-
sist in their purposes and practices of looking
up (o and toadying after southern gentlemen,
we cannot help it. There is no law against
flunkyism in this country, and I suppose we
should be met with violent opposition from that
quarter if we attempted to pass one. It would
be regarded as an "act in restraint of personal
liberty," and declared by them as unconstitu-
tional.
But, Mr. Speake/, it is said in certain quar-
ters that the Union party cannot carry out its
plans because the President whom it olected
now stands opposed to it and will exert all
the force and mlluence of his position to defeat
it. "That he opposes all amendments to the
Constitution," &c. Well, if this be so, we
shall have to try and get along without him.
For one I shall part company with him "more
in mhrow than in auger."
My faith is strong that the great principles
avowed and battled for by the Union party are
immortal, and it is not in the power of any one
man however exalted his position to defeat
their ultimate triumph. if, indeed, such shall
bo their fate, well might the patriot invoke the
curse of the poet, and say—
" Oh. for a heart to curso tlio slave.
Whoso treason, like a deadly blight,
Comes o'er the councils of the brave.
And blasts them in their liour of might.'*
Behind us, Mr. Speaker, is a loyal, confid-
ing. intelligent people, uncorrupted and un-
seduced. Their voice is potential, and it is
well for a 'suffering country that they are •' the
power behind the throne that is greater than
the throne itself." That people never will be
destroyed. As to Presidents and Congress-
men, "abreath can makethemas a breath hath
made," and it is to that solemn, that grand
tribunal we must make our final appeal, and
before stich a forum J pan have no fears as to
the verdict.
The conflict of arms may be over, but the
conflict of opinion still rages unabated. In my
judgment, it will be "sharp and short." Union
men everywhere must close their ranks, then—
"One last great battle for the right,
One short, sharp struggle to be free.
To do is to succeed—our fight
Is waged in Heaven's approving sight,
The smile of God is victory."
Funding of the National Debt.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SHERMAN,
of ohio,
is the United States Senate,
May 22, I860.
TheSenate having under consideration the bilHS.
No. 300) to reduce the rate of interest on the national
debt, and for funding the same—
Mr. SHERMAN said:
Mr. President: This bill came to us in
the usual mode from the Secretary of the
Treasury, and its purpose is to facilitate the
negotiation of a five per cent. loan. It has
been with me, during the present session of
Congress, an earnest desire to see the inter-
est on the debt of the United States reduced
to. not exceeding the rate of five per cent. ;
but the Secretary of the Treasury, as will be
gathered from his public documents, hesitated
somewhat as 'to whether he could negotiate a
loan bearing that rate of interest. After full
consideration, however, he presented this bill
as containing the terms upon which, in his
judgment, this loan could be negotiated. It
came to us, and by general consent was re-
ported to the Senate, printed for the purpose
of attracting attention and criticism, aad was
subsequently considered by the committee, and
reported. Its history is now known to the
Senate.
Before considering the specific terms of the
bill, it will be necessary for me to state the con-
dition of the public debt. By the statement
laid on our tables on the 1st of May, it appears
that the ascertained debt of the United States
at that time was $2,827,676,871; and from
that may be properly deducted the amount of
money, coin, and currency on hand of $137,-
987,028 82. To this aggregate must be neces-
sarily added quite a number of items, some of
which have been acted upon at the present
session of Congress, and some of which will
be acted upon before our adjournment, the
mere statement of which will show the Senate
the probable condition of the public debt within
the next year or two. The largest sum, proba-
bly, that will be required , or that is now pend-
ing before us, is the bill introduced from the
Committee on Military Affairs for the equali-
zation of bounties, which will take, if passed,
near $200,000,000. What will be the fate of
that measure I have no means of knowing.
The Pacific railroad, now being constructed,
will probably cost in the course of the next
five years something like $50,000,000, and over
§100,000,000 in the aggregate. If the various
branches that are entitled to bounty should
comply with the terms of the law by building,
each of them, one hundred miles during the
year, it will take $6,-100,000; but the presump-
tion is that some of those branches will fail to
comply with the law.
In the settlements with the States for ex-
penses incurred for the military service in an
irregular way, we have already appropriated
I think about ten million dollars to the States
of Missouri, Kansas, Pennsylvania, and West
Virginia, and there are other claims of the
same character which will bo presented by
other States. I am told that Indiana, Ken-
tucky perhaps, and Ohio will have such claims.
Ohio has a claim of that kind growing out of
the Morgan raid. The probability is that this
class of claims now unadjusted but not dis-
puted, the principle having been settled, will
take $20,000,000. The largest yet allowed
was to the State of Missouri, which I think
amounted to some seven or eight millions.
Mr. HENDERSON. Seven millions.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there is the meas-
ure presented by a prominent member of tiie
House of Representatives, which, I hope, will
not pass, and upon which I have a very clear
judgment—the proposition to assume a por-
tion of the expenses of the States in raising
men during the rebellion; the proposition gen-
erally known as Mr. Blaine's bill, and which,
should it receive the sanction of Congress,
would take, by its terms, $116,000,000. As I
have seen but very little effort to pass that bill,
I lay that aside as not a probable burden upon
the Treasury.
Then there are classes of large private claims
growing out of the war, many of which are being
constantly pressed upon us, and which will take
probably millions of dollars, but the precise
amount of which no man can estimate. The bill
passed the other day for the relief of the con-
tractors for the iron-clads, and the claims made
by the States of Kentucky and Tennessee and
the various border States for damages caused
by the war, and claims for property used by the
Army, are specimens of this class of claims,
amounting, I might say, to fifties and hundreds
of millions. I take it the great body of these
claims will be rejected upon the general prin-
ciples of public law; and therefore, in esti-
mating the probable burden on the Treasury,
I do not put this item very large, especially as
I see a disposition in Congress to criticise very
accurately this class of claims.
It therefore is very certain that in the most
favorable aspect of affairs the public debt of
the United States mightfairly now be estimated
at $3,000,000,000. That is the amount stated
by the Secretary of the Treasury in his annual
report, and I think it is not overstated. With
the strong probability of passing the bill for
the equalization of bounties, it may be under-
stated ; but I take it as a correct estimate.
It will be observed that this debt is of the
most diverse character. It consists, not only
of the unliquidated claims that I have speci-
fied, but the public debt which is ascertained
is provided for by twenty-seven different laws
and as many as forty different forms of securi-
ties. The report on the finances, which was
laid on your table at the commencement of the
present session, contains a list of these various
loans, covering six or seven pages. Under
some of these laws there are a great diversity
of issues. For instance, under the seven-thirty
law there are three different series of notes,
and under the five-twenty law there are five
different series, containing somewhat different
provisions. The seven-thirties vary somewhat,
although it is very difficult precisely to state the
difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difference arises
from the dates of issue, principally.
Mr. SHERMAN. Partly, but in the seven-
thirties the difference is also in the terms of
the bond. The principal difference is that in
one class of those bonds the interest may be
at the pleasure of the Government paid in gold
at six per cent. I merely allude to this diver-
sity of loans to show that the natural idea of
every one connected with the finances of the
Government would be, as early as possible, to
consolidate and put in some uniform form the
public debt of the United States. This is an
obvious idea. It is now difficult for the peo-
ple of the United States to understand any but
two or three of these loans, and none but a
skillful financier, engaged himself in the pur-
chase and sale of stocks, can tell the various
differences of value between the different
forms of securities and the reasons of those
differences. It is obvious, therefore, that for
public convenience it is necessary to consoli-
date these loans as soon as possible into one
distinct form, so that we shall have nothing to
provide for but the interest of the debt and
such portion of the principal as the policy of
the United States may require us to pay off.
There is another reason for funding our pub-
