2650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
they are so careful to shower these honors upon
all those who have died in that cause what are
we doing?
Sir, I saw not long since a statement in the
papers which I cannot help but credit, that an
application was made to one of the officers in
this Government, on the part of the cadets in
the Military Academy at West Point, for per-
mission to inscribe upon the guns there, which
had been captured from the rebels, the names
of the fields on which they had been captured,
and that permission was refused for a very
amiable motive, I have no sort of doubt. The
argument was, that as these gentlemen were
corning back, we must leave nowhere any me-
mentoes that could taunt them with, what?
With the fact that there had been a difference,
that there had been a war, that they had been
criminals. I recollect of hearing that state-
ment read from the papers one morning at a
table where were sitting two crippled soldiers,
each one of whom had lost part of a hand; and
I recollect very distinctly, and shall recollect a
great while, the manner with which one of them
said to the other, "Well, my friend, it is time
for you and me to go and bury ourselves; if
we remain here on the earth these crippled
hands of ours will forever be a reproach to
these returning brothers that are coming back."
We cannot allow the fact that the people of the
United States captured a gun from their enemies
to be inscribed on the gun for fear those ene-
mies will have their feelings hurt! And whan
it is suggested here that cadets shall not be
educated at this school of ours from districts
which have no Representatives in the other
House, objection is made to that. We object
to it iu the face and eyes of the fact that not-
withstanding the law requires every one of
those cadets to be nomiuated by the member
from the district, these appointments are being
made constantly from the districts where there
is no Representative to make the nomination.
When it is proposed to correct that, we strike
it out. We say it is too small a matter for the
Senate, and we strike it out.
Now, here is a proposition to prohibit the
appointment of an individual to receive the
advantages of that school who has been in this
traitorous service, and it is proposed that we
shall discriminate anew; that we shall not
adopt that in those broad terms, but that we
shall raise another question, whether his ser-
vice was voluntary or involuntary, a question
which we cannot try, which we cannot deter-
mine. As I said in the outset, if we were de-
termining the question whether we would hang
one of these men, I would stop and cavil on
the question whether his crime was the result
of choice or the result of force; but when we
are determining only as'to what class of young
men shall be educated at the expense of the
United States and for the military service of
the United States, I think we shall run no risk
of doing wrong to anybody if we say we will
take those pupils from the class who have
heretofore been loyal and true to the Govern-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittlc, Guthrie, Hendricks, and Johnson—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Craein,
Creswell, Edmund?, Fossenden, Foster, Grimes, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of
Kansas Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pom-
eroy, liamscv, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull. Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Lane of Indi-
ana, MeDougall, Nesmith, Riddle, Saulsbury, and
Wriglit—8.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following as
an amendment to the amendment, to come in
at the end of it:
Nor shall any vacancy in the Military Academy,
from any congressional district,be filled while said
district remains unrepresented ia the Congress of the
United .States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if that
will not affect the appointments of soldiers that
have been made from our Army to fill up these
vacancies. Du-ing the war vacancies from the
southern States were filled up by soldiers
selected from the ranks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is intended, and that
is the design of the amendment, to take away
from the President the authority to fill up these
vacancies. It has been a question of construc-
tion, whether there was authority to fill vacan-
cies where there was no Representative to make
the recommendation. I think the general un-
derstanding of the law is that the President has
no authority to fill up these vacancies; but still
it has been exercised to some extent, and I
believe we should make it certain.
Mr. SHERMAN, Does it go back?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is merely
for the future. If there is any question about
that, I will put in the word "hereafter.''
Mr. WILSON. The word "hereafter" is
in the preceding amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; then it is
not necessary here. I do not intend it to go
back. If the Senate concur in it, the object
of the amendment is simply this: that the
vacancies from the unrepresented districts in
the rebellious States Shall not be filled by
appointment by the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is simply reen-
actingthe proviso we struck out substantially.
We struck it out on a vote of the Senate. I
stated the reason that actuated the committee
in advising the Senate to strike out that pro-
viso. The greater portion of these appoint-
ments have already been made, and the vacan-
cies filled up by President Lincoln, and taken
from the several free States. Some from the
State of Illinois were appointed for Missis-
sippi, or some State down there. There are a
few left, which it is for the advantage of the
community, if wo want to keep our Academy
full, should be filled up. I will state one sin-
gle thing that operated in the minds of the
committee. We thought after allowing—if
there was any sueli authority—President Lin-
coln to fill up the biggest part of them from the
free States, it was rather small game to under-
take to say that Mr. Johnson, being President,
should not fill lip the residue of them, if he
had the power, from these States themselves.
This is saying the same thing over again. I
shall not vote for the amendment to the amend-
ment for the reason that that is my opinion
about it.
Mr.. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
misunderstands the spirit of the amendment
that I have offered. He attributes it—that
would be the inference—to a desire to take from
Mr. Johnson, because he is President, the
power to fill up these vacancies, having al-
lowed the power to be exercised by the Presi-
dent heretofore. Now, I say in all sincerity
that I did not have Mr. Johnson in my mind
in reference to it, as to his being President, or
anybody else. My understanding of the law has
been that these appointments should only be
made on the recommendation of the Represent-
ative from the district. However, the law is not
very clear on that subject. I think it ought to
be specific, and that is the object of my amend-
ment. I would have offered it just as quickly
if Mr. Lincoln were Presidentas I do now that
Mr. Johnson is President. It is not intended
as a reflection upon the present President, and
I did not have such a thing in view.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely the
effect of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think Mr. Lincoln did
wrong in filling up these vacancies, because in
my judgment that was not the intention of the
law. I will not -say that he violated the law,
for the law is not very clear upon the subject.
I once looked into it and had some doubts as
to whether the President, was bound to appoint
oh the recommendation of a Representative in
Congress. That has been the practice; and I
think it should be made certain. I do not re-
gard it as such a small matter. If we under-
take to fill up the Military Acadcmy on the
recommendation of the Representatives from
the congressional districts we should abide by it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There either is authority
in the President, or there is not. If there is
not, he cannot appoint.
Mr. HOWE. He does appoint.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. _ Now I say
those appointments were made without com-
plaint on our part, without raising the question
of authority at all.
Mr. TittiMBULL. We did raise it before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, the question
was not raised; no complaint whatever was
made about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has-been discussed
in the Senate heretofore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not discussed
until after the appointments were made, and
after the State of Illinois and the State of Iowa
and the State of Maine, for aught I know, had
the advantage of sending young men to West
Point as representing southern districts; au^l
we submitted to it with a good grace, at any
rate. Now, there are a few left; and it is pro-
posed to take away the power, if it exists, just
at this time. If it does not exist, the Presi-
dent will not cxercise it; at least, it is to be
presumed that he will not. Yv e have got a full
corps of professors in the Academy, and there
are a few places in it vacant. It is important
to' the country that they should be filled up.
Now that psace has returned, it would be a
mean thing, in my judgment, to fill up those, in
addition, from the northern States, if there are
those who are not rebels that can bo found in
what were lately the confederate States: and
we have already inserted a provision that they
shall not be taken from anybody who served in
the rebel army. I suppose we have power to
put this provision on ; but I am opposed to it
for the reason that it looks, as 1 said before, as
ifwe were just aiming it at the President with
reference to the exorcise of this power, if he
has it; and if he has not got it, it is not to be
presumed that lie will cxercise it; and there-
fore I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. COWAN. It has just struck me that if
we were to read in history now, after a lap_se
of one hundred and twenty-one years, that a
member of the English Parliament, after the
battle of Culloden, had moved in that Parlia-
ment that no Highland youth who had en-
gaged in that rebellion should be educated in
English colleges, what would we think of it?
When Iloche suppressed the rebellion in La
Vendue, what would wc think if a member of
the French Convention had got up and moved
that no La Yendean who had taken part in
that rebellion should have entree into theEcole
Polyteclinique?
Why, Mr. President, I should think thepart
of wise men would be to get the young men of
the South educated with our young men in the
colleges of the North, in the national schools.
What is to be the effect of a contrary policy?
Are we to make these young men patriots,
defenders of the country, and attached to its
institutions by exclusions of this kind? Mr.
President, I fear me much for this policy.
I had a conversation to-day with a Senator
of this body. At one time in_my life, in my
youth, I was wise enough, foolish .enough,^en-
terprising enough to project an expedition into
Texas to aid General Houston in liberating
Texas from the yoke of Mexico. I am free
to-day to say that at that time, at the age of
twenty years perhaps, I did not know what the
quarrel was about. I did not stop to inquire
what the quarrel was about. I had a notion
that our people were fighting with some other
people ; that this blood of ours was in contest
either with Indians or Mexicans or some other
race for domination in Texas ; and I was with
our own people. My friend with whom I had
this conversation said to me, "I was a soldier
in the Mexican war; 1 went into it at the age
of sixteen ; and I am free to say that at that
time I did not know what the precise point of
quarrel was between this country and Mexico;
1 did not stop to inquire; my country was at
war; and although sixteen years of age I vol-
unteered, and I was present at the battles of
Monterey and Buena Vista.''
Mr. President, think of it, and Senators think
