8610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
the agricultural interest, it seems to me is not
exactly fair; and I am therefore rather dis-
posed to question the sincerity of his declara-
tion when he says that lie does not look at it
in a sectional point of view.
I did, to some extent, look at this bill in a
sectional point of view; that is, like every other
Senator, I endeavored to protect the interests
of my constituents, which are like the interests
of the people of Indiana. I endeavored to
relieve the great laboring masses of the people
from as much of the burden of taxation as
possible; and let me say that when this bill
goes into operation, nearly all the burden of
taxation will fall upon accumulated wealth and
upon articles of luxury. The income tax is
still continued, which is paid mainly by New
York and New England, and no relief is given
from that tax of five and ten per cent. But
a small portion of it is paid in an agricultural
community, because in an agricultural com-
munity wealth is generally so diversified that
comparatively few of our people have more
than a thousand dollars' income, and there-
fore pay no tax; and then the consumption
which enters into the farmer's expenses, that
portion of his product which he consumes him-
self, is free from tax; so that not one in ten
of the constituents of my_ friend from Indiana
and myself will pay any income tax.
When you come to the luxuries, like tobacco
and whisky, it is true tobacco is grown in the
West; but it is also grown in the East; it is
grown in the South; it is grown in every coun-
try ; but in this veiy bill the relief to the to-
bacco interest is greater than that to any other
interest affected by the bill. We justly com-
plained in tlve West that the uniform tax of
one dollar a hundred on cigars was oppressive
and odious, and we have taken care to relieve
ourselves from the burden of that tax in a
great measure by reducing it to one third, I
believe, of the amount it was in the old law.
I think it is now from two to four dollars a
thousand on cigars produced from our products
in the West; so that it is reduced some two
hundred or three hundred per cent. 'So on
the cheap tobacco made from our product and
consumed by our people for smoking-tobacco,
the tax is very much reduced; so that in this
agricultural production we have extended prob-
ably as much relief as to any other.
Now, when you reach the tax on whisky, it
is true that the tax on whisky is not changed.
I did not think it was wise to change it. It was
said that a larger amount would be consumed
if the tax should be thrown off. I think by the
tax on whisky we gain in a double sense. We
gain, first, in promoting temperance and so-
briety among our people. A decrease of the
amount of whisky consumed as a beverage is
undoubtedly beneficial to us as a nation. It
would be better if we could substitute some
light drinks, as the Germans do with their beer,
or as the French do with their wines, for the
use of alcoholic spirits. If we could strike
down the whole of this'industry founded upon
whisky, or so much of it as is consumed by the
people as a beverage, it would be better for our
people in every sense of the word. But there
is 110 article in the world that can afford to pay
a tax so well as the article of whisky. Eng-
land assesses nearly twice as much upon her
whisky as we do upon ours. Now, because
whisky is made out of corn, and corn is grown
in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, is that any rea-
son why we should oppose the tax on whisky?
Is that the spirit in which we are to legislate ?
Are we to refuse to avail ourselves of this
ample source of revenue simply because we
raise the crop which is consumed, in a great
measure, in the production of whisky? Cer-
tainly not. My friend from Indiana will hardly
confess that. 4 have no doubt that the con-
sumption of whisky has been very much re-
duced by the tax; but is that an objection to
the tax? On the other hand, if we could raise
all our internal revenue from tobacco, whisky,
and a few articles of luxury, and from the in-
come tax, wo ought to favor that course, because
it is manifestly not only for the interest of our
own people, but for the interest of the whole
country.
I then again repeat that there is not a single
industry ot the State of Indiana or the State
of Ohio but what will be benefited by the
passage of this bill. Every production of our
country, every interest of our country, is aided,
benefited, and relieved by it. The farmer is
relieved, not only, of the tax on agricultural
products, on implements, and on transporta-
tion, but in those vital necessaries which go
into the expense of every farmer, on iron, on
coal, on those great leading productions of the
mines, produced partly in our own country,
and consumed there to a great extent, the tax
is very much reduced. It will be within bounds
to say that if Ohio paid ten millions of tax
under the old law, she will not pay over five
millions now. On the single item of trans-
portation alone we save a tax of $1,000,000.
Therefore, I say, regarding this in the lightthat
I do, as a matter in which the people of Ohio
are interested, I regard this bill as a very great
improvement upon the bill that now stands as
the law of the land. - If this bill should be
defeated, the State of Ohio would pay in a
single year one or two millions more tax, and
I have no doubt the State of Indiana would
pay one million more under the old law in a
single year than under this law.
The Senator alludes to the tax on cotton. I
agree with him in the main with regard to
that. As I was not a member of the commit-
tee of conference, it is not for me to discuss
the question of the tax now proposed. _ I sup-
pose it was the result of a compromise, the
House insisting on a tax of five cents a pound,
and the Senate insisting that it should not be
increased- The Committee on Finance pro-
posed to leave it stand at two cents, where jt
is now, and to provide some mode by which
the collection of the tax would be removed
from the agricultural producer, and only be
levied at the time when it entered into the con-
sumption of the country, either as an article
of export or as an article of consumption in
manufactures. That was the proposition of
the Senate. The House, it seems, would not
agree to that; and the result is a compromise.
If there is any mode by which we can keep the
tax at two cents, and avoid raising it to three
cents, I am rather disposed to join with my
friend from Indiana in that project; but it is
well known that in a bill like this, involving a
multitude of amendments, several hundred I
judge from the Btimber acted upon, there must
be some yielding by each House. That the
tax on cotton is an exceptional tax, that it is
probably not justifiable on the principles of
political economy, and that it will not be long
continued, I think is generally admitted in the
Senate, because it is a tax upon a raw agricult-
ural product; and that it will soon pass away
I iiave no doubt; but the question is now
whether we will continue the controversy with
the House, ask another committee of confer-
ence, and endanger the passage of this great
bill, a grand bill of relief, merely on account
of a dispute about imposing, for this year, an
additional tax of one cent a pound on cotton.
The Senate proposed two cents. The Senate
by a very large vote yielded the principle of
the tax; and the only question is, whether it
shall be for this year two cents or three cents
a pound. If there can be any way pointed
out by which we can reduce the tax^to two
cents, I am disposed to adopt it.
The Senator from Indiana alludes to another
subjeetwhich is not yet before the Senate, that
is the tariff bill now under debate in the House
of Representatives. It seems to me it is rather
premature to bring that question here. It is
hardly fair to suppose that because the House
may pass the tariff bill in an offensive shape to
the Senator, therefore the Senate will do so.
He anticipates the action of the Senate. I do
not think it is fair to do that. I will not follow
him in that discussion. When the tariff bill
comes here, we can then decide upon the vari-
ous questions that are involved in it. My own
idea is that we dare not and will not in the
passage of any tariff bill surrender the ample
revenue we receive from duties on imported
goods. We will not pass any tariff bill which
will yield up that revenue on any idea of pro-
tection or anything else. If, however, we can
levy larger, duties on imported goods, yielding
us a larger revenue in gold, without materially
disturbing our commercial interests, we will
certainly do so ; we will be bound to do so.
Every civilized country in modern times looks
to duties on imported goods as a fruitful source
of revenue. If we can derive all our revenues
from duties on imported goods, we are justified
in doing so. That has been the policy for years,
and no nation will ever resort to a. system of
internal taxation when it can raise sufficient
revenue by duties on imported goods. I be-
lieve even the Democratic' party would go so
far as to say that all that can be raised from
imported goods for revenue should be raised,
rather than to resort to internal taxation. If
there are classes of articles the duty on which
may be raised by a tariff so as to yield us a
greater revenue, we are justified in resorting
to such a tariff, and we will do so. But the
idea that we intend to destroy all the commer-
cial interests of this country, that we intend at
a singl^blow to destroy all our commerce, and
all the revenue from imported goods, is simply
preposterous. I do not believe that such a plan
will be proposed in the Senate, nor acceded to
if adopted in the House ; but it is sufficient to
say that it is premature to discuss that question
at this time. The bill will come to us in a few
days, and then there will be time enough to
discuss that question.
I come back to the point that is now under
consideration, and that is this: the only point
upon which there is a vital disagreement be-
tween the two Houses, upon which there is
probably any disagreement between the Sena-
tor from Indiana and myself, is whether we
shall yield one cent additional tax on cotton
in order to secure the passage of this bill. If
he can show me that we can secure the pas-
sage of this bill, giving its bountiful relief to
all branches of our industrial interests, without
yielding to a tax of more than two cents a
pound on cotton, I will join with him in the
effort. But I Tear from the statement made to
me by the gentlemen who served on this con-
ference committee that the House is set on
this proposition, and therefore we should prob-
ably endanger the passage of the bill by pro-
longing the controversy on this point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was hardly neces-
sary upon this question for the Senator from
Ohio to refer to the income tax, and in that
connection to say that New York and New
England paid the greater proportion of that.
The income tax, sir, is uniform upon the citi-
zens of all the States, and if- the West and
Northwest do not pay so much of the income
tax as the eastern States, it is because their
incomes are less; and unless we have an equal
system, a just system of legislation in regard
to the interests of all sections, our income tax
will always be less than that of New England
and New York. We have rich lands, lands
that ought to produce to us very largely. We
have a country which ought to -make the peo-
ple very rich, and itfwill be so if we have equal
and just legislation.
I do not agree with the Senator that Indiana
and Ohio have no interest in this question of
the cotton tax. His argument is that Indiana
and Ohio have no interest that is prejudiced
by this legislation. I do not agree with him.
Indiana and Ohio producc corn, wheat, flour,
| bacon, beef, whioh ought to seek a market in
I the southern States. It is the interest of Ohio
: and Indiana that the southern States should
be most fruitful, that they should again be
restored to their condition of wealth and pros-
perity. It is the interest of the farmer in In-
diana as much as it is the interest of the farmers
in Louisiana that the cotton crop should be a
rich and aproductive one,.for when the southern
people produce their cotton, and find a market
abroad and in New England, they are able to
buy from us the surplus of our productions.
