1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of their vindication; in which he had been
directed- to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Woulditbeproper,
under the order of the House on yesterday, for
me to move the reference of this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that it be
printed ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks such a motion would not be in order, as
it is in the nature of business.
frebdmen's bureau.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 60) to enlarge
the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, on which
Mr. Marshall was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. As I am quite unwell
this morning, I should not attempt to enter into
any discussion of the important measure now
before the House for its consideration if it
were not for the fact that I deem io to be my
duty as a member of the committee that re-
ported this bill to the House, and as a Repre-
sentative of a constituency interested in this
proposed legislation, to express briefly the
objections which I have to the passage of this
bill. And as I have no prepared speech for
the occasion, I do not propose to enter into a
full or elaborate discussion of all the important
questions which naturally and irresistibly pre-
sent themselves to the mind in considering this
bill. Its importance cannot well be magnified.
It inaugurates a measure which must result in
the expenditure of untold millions of money to
be wrung from the toilingand already oppressed
masses of the country. It involves principles,
as I conceive, running antagonistic to the fun-
damental principles of the Government, and
such being the case it is difficult to conccive
of a measure involving more important conse-
quences than the one now before the House.
The professed objectof the bill—to look after
and take care of that race of men who have
recently, by the revolution that has swept over
the country, been freed from the bonds of sla-
very, men who are houseless and homeless—
may be considered in one point of view a very
charitable and laudable purpose. If this Gov-
ernment has the power to enact such a bill as
this ; if we have the money which we can, with-
out oppression of the people, appropriate to
such purposes; and if we had no more lauda-
ble claims upon us that are pressing upon our
attention at this time, then this measure might
be deemed a laudable one. To look after the
oppressed, to educate the ignorant, to raise up
those who are bowed down by oppression, and
place them upon vantage ground from which they
can work out their own destinies, and achieve
such position as they have the merit within
-them to attain, is unquestionably a laudable
purpose. It is one of those purposes which
might appeal strongly to the kind offices of the
wealthy and benevolent of the country.
But I deny at the very outset that this Fed-
eral Government has any authority to become
the common almoner of the charities of the
people. I deny that there is any authority in
the Federal Constitution to authorize us to put
our hands into their pockcts and take therefrom
apart of their hard earnings in order to dis-
tribute them as charity. I deny that the Fed-
eral Government was established for any such
purpose, or that there is any authority or war-
rant in the Constitution for the measures which
are proposed in this most extraordinary bill.
T do not desire to dwell too long on these
general objections. Every dollar that you take
from the citizen without warrant of the Consti-
tution is nothing more than robbery. Now,
what does this bill propose to do ? It proposes
to establish by Federal power, to be supported
by Federal bayonets in all the States of this
Union, and in every county thereof, if the Sec-
retary of War sees proper so to do, a separate
and independent local jurisdiction aud govern-
ment for the purpose of governing, feeding,
clothing, educating, and providing homes for
the emancipated slaves, and of interfering with
and controlling the local government and police
of the people of those States; to establish an
empire within an empire, providing one gov-
ernment for one race and another for another.'
I would like for some gentleman to explain to
tbis House where this Congress gets authority
for the passage of any such law.
It is a fundamental principle of American
law that the regulation of the local police of
all the domestic ^affairs of a State belongs to
the State itself, and not to the Federal Gov-
ernment. This is a principle which has never
been denied until recently. The Fedei-al Gov-
ernment has never attempted to act upon any
other principle until this system of measures
was inaugurated. Whence comes the power
to carry out such measures as this ? If no such
power is conferred upon the Government by
the Federal Constitution, then the attempt to
thrust your hands into the pockets of the peo-
ple to raise money for this purpose, is, I repeal,
nothing more than robbery, and it cannot prop-
erly be designated in any other way. -I want
some gentleman to tell me where is the author-
ity to go into the Statcs'and establish a distinct
local jurisdiction, separatingasto governmental
control two races of people, creating one spe-
cies of government for one class of the popu-
lation, while another class have another species
of government.
T know that in these latter days it is deemed
by many of those who are overburdened by
superabundant and superlative ''loyalty" some-
what treasonable to speak of the Constitution
of our country. But, sir, I know of no loyalty
except that which is due to the Constitution and
laws. A few years ago that was the only test
which any one thought of requiring. The only
question,was, is a man true to the Constitution
and obedient to the laws ? It is only one or two
years ago that we were told that the President
was the Government, and that every man was
disloyal who did not approve every act of his,
although those acts might be deemed usurpa-
tions. But we have now gone even further than
that. It is now disloyal for a man to raise his
voice in opposition to the decrees of a revolu-
tionary cabal that has been organized here for
the purpose of controlling the destinies of this
country. Even the President of the United
States himself is not now exempt from (he
charge of disloyalty. He is .arraigned and the
most blasphemous maledictions hurled against
him for having expressed his opinions in
friendly converse in regard to proposed amend-
ment s of the Constitution of our country, and
ho is charged with having been guilty of an act
which in any other country would have cost him
'his head. There has been established here a
despotism, a dictatorship, a tribunal as lawless
and revolutionary in its purposes as the organ-
ization of the Jacobins in France, when they
inaugurated the proceedings which brought the
unfortunate Louis XVI to the block; and this
revolutionary cabal of our day is, in my judg-
ment, animated by similai passions and seeking
similar objects.
A Representative from the great commercial
metropolis of this country had the audacity to
express on this floor a generous and liberal
sentiment in regard to the brave, unfortunate,
though erring, men on the other side of the
Potomac who fell during the late terrible civil
war, and whose bones are now bleaching on the
soil of their desolated country: and for that
simple expression of generous feeling ho is to
be denounced, crushed, immolated. Maledic-
tions, such as were never heard in a deliberative
body, are hurled against him; and an attempt
is made to arouse the worst passions of the mob
against him for the expression ot his sentiments
in this body where we are all peers and have
equal rights under the Constitution and laws.
Now, sir, I believe the honorable chairman
of the committee on freedmen, [Mr. Eliot,]
who has reported this bill to the House, and is
responsible for its management, is now upon .
the floor; and I should like to know by what j
authority, by virtue of what clause of the Con- j
stitution, this bill is to be pressed upon the ;
House and forced upon the country. Where ,
is the authority? Does the gentleman, or any |
of the friends of this measure, insist, that Con- i
gress has power to enact any law unless -that
power is given by the Constitution? Now, the
power to regulate their own domestic institutions
and their own local police is expressly reserved
to the States. Sir, the Federal Government
has never had any such power. So jealous,
indeed, were the colonies of this right to regu-
late and control their internal police, that dar-
ing the throes of their terrible conflict for
independence they refused to surrender to the
revolutionary Congress any such power. They,
did so when the Declaration of Independence"'
was made. _ They did so when the Articles of
Confederation were adopted, and they did so
when the Government was formed under which
we are now acting, and the Constitution which
we are sworn to obey. These facts are trite,
but seem to have been forgotten, and men seem
to act in these times as if the Government had
the power to 'pass any law whatever without
regard to the limitations of the Constitution;
to rob the people by unjust taxation ; to take
the hard earnings from the white people of
the West, who, unless wiser counsels prevail,
will themselves soon be reduced to worse than
Egyptian bondage. I demand to be informed
here upon this floor by what power you put
your hands into their pockets and drag from
tliem their money to carry out the purposes of
this measure.
The convention of Maryland, on the 28th of
Juno, 1776, before the Declaration of Inde-
pendence was adopted, passed the following
resolution:
" That the deputies of said colony, or any three or
more of tliem, be authorized and empowered to con-
cur with the other United Colonies, or a majority of
tiipm.in declaims the United Colonies free and inde-
pendent States, in 1'ormmg such further compact and
confederation between them, in making foreign alli-
ances. and ill adopting such other measures as shall
be adiudsed- necessary for securing the liberties of
America, aud that said colony will hold itself bound
by the resolutions of the majority of the United Col-
onies ill the premise--: I'rovided, That thesole and ex-
elu-ive right of regulating the internal government
and police of that colony be reserved to the people
thereol.''
And this resolution was laid before the Con-
tinental Congress some days before the Decla-
ration was adopted, as a limitation upon the -
powers of the delegates to bind the State of
Maryland, aud as an annunciation of the sense
in which the people thereof accepted said Dec-
laration.
Other colonies adopted similar resolutions.
They were sent to the delegates and pre-
sented to the Continental Congress. It wag
understood at all times, arnj has been a part of
the public law of this country, that the Conti-
nental Congress acquired no right even during
the throes of the revolutionary struggle to in-
terfere with the internal police of the people of
the States.
And, sir, when the Articles of Confederation
were formed it was provided in article two—
" That each State should retain its sovereignty, free-
dom, and independence, and every power, jurisdic-
tion, and ricrht which was not, by tfao?e Articles of
Confederation, delegated to the United States in Con-
giess assembled."
And when the Federal Constitution was
adopted, establishing the Government under
which we now live, although by a fair construc-
tion of that instrument, any court would have
held that the Federal Government thereby
acquired no powers except such as were dele-
gated to it by the Constitution itself, yet for
fear of a latitudinarian construction an amend-
ment was adopted declaring that—
"All tlie powers not delegated to the United States
bv the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively or to the peo-
ple."
No man who lias any regard for the principles
of the Constitution will controvert this exposi-
tion of the powers of the Federal Government.
And as we arc sworn here in the first place to
have regard in all our acts upon this floor to this
great fundamental instrument. I again call upon
the advocates of the bill to tell me where they
lind io this Constitution any authority to take
uncounted millions of the people's money to
feed, clothe, educate, and buy lands and houses
for the emancipated negroes of the South 5 and
