1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>1691
They will not bo able to restrain their gabble
of loathsome joy when they scent that clause of
section thirty-three which provides that if the
estate, which, fairly and cheaply settled, would
have paid, perhaps, ninety per cent., shall
shrink to less than fifty in the hands of these
irresponsible trustees and their attendant har-
pies, the debtor shall still be held for every
unpaid cent; and so his carcass at some future
day may furnish another feast for the buzzards
of the law.
It seetns to me, sir, that these reasons ought,
of themselves, to deter us from the enactment
of this measure. But.against it we have also
the concurrent authority of all the greatest
statesmen of the generation which has just
passed away. This very question of compul-
sory bankruptcy has been debated in this Cap-
itol by Webster and Clay and Benton and
Calhoun. The law which was enacted in 1841.
and repealed in 1813, contained provisions for
involuntary bankruptcy. But unlike (he com-
pulsory provisions of the pending bill, they
were restricted in their operation to certain
classes. On the 5th day of June, Mr. Clay
moved, in the Senate, to strike out the compul-
sory clause. The yeas and nays were taken :
aucl I ask the House carefully to observe the
vote, which stood as follows:
" Yeas—Me^rs. Calhoun, Cl;iy of Alabama, Clay
of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden. Dixon, tjrundy,
Huntington, Knight, Nicholas Porter, Prentiss,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadgo, "Webster,
and White—17.
"Nays—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Brown,
Buchanan, Cuthbeit, l>a.vis, I'ulton. lfubbaul, Kins.
Linn, Lumpkin, Nor\r_ell. Pierce, Preston. Roane,
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Ta.ppan,
Walker, Wall, W llliams, Wright, and Young—Z>."
.Now, it is true that there was a majority of
eight in favor ofretainingthe compulsory clause.
But even if this vote were to be taken as a
correct criterion of the opinions of these Sen-
ators upon the simple question of accepting or
rejecting compulsory bankruptcy, it could hardly
be doubtful on which side the preponderating
weight of authority is found. If, however, you
will carefully read the speeches of those who
voted against, striking out this compulsory pro-
vision you will, I think, be satisfied that other
reasons than the simple approval of that pro-
vision prompted most of the opposition to the
motion of Mr. Clay. You will find that only
Messrs. Benton, Norvell, and Wall have placed
themselves upon the record as advocates of
the involuntary clause, and that they expres.-dy
required the restriction of its operation to
merchants and traders, which restriction in
substance characterized that law of 1841, but
is wanting in this bill of 1800. You will find
also that Messrs. Anderson and Hubbard
avowed their hostility to the bill as a whole;
that of the twenty-five who voted to retain this
clause, thirteen subsequently, on the same day,
voted for the indelinite postponement of the
bill, and seventeen on the 125th of June voted
against the bill on its final passage. You will
become convinced, sir, that the explanation
of the vote upon Mr. Clay's motion given by
Mr. Calhoun in the extract from his speech
which 1 shall soon read was correct. Mr. Clay
said in this memorable debate:
" I "will now Fay ^ few word4- on thepaiticular amend-
ment which 1 have submitted, to strike out the sec-
tion which provides for the case of compulsory orin-
volu.nty.ry bankruptcies. Three considerations appear
to me f-o unite in rccommcndingthe adoption of that
amend rnent:
"1. Such a coercive system is oppo?edto the habits
and genius of the coimtiy. It micrht answer for the
large commercial cities, hut it is not adapted for the
other part.-: of the country. In large portions of the
Union the interior merchant and trader are accus-
tomed to give extensive credit?, waiting for payment
until the, fanner or planter realize* the sales of his
growing crop. But the uncertainty.of the seasons and
the maikots frequently occasions disappointment in
the, collection of debt-? of the most undoubted char-
acter. Hencc the merchant may be disabled punctu-
ally to comply with his engagements, although his
Ultimate ability i* beyond all doubt. And it would
be a ease of extreme hard-hip to divest him. on ac-
count of a temporary deli-nquency without his iault,
ofthe caretul and prudent management of his own
property, and transfer it to the custody of a rceoivor
or assignees,_who5c chief solicitude might be their
own commissions and fees.
4k2. All the acts cpcciiicd in the compulsory section
proposed to be stricken out ^is evidence of bank- ]
ruptcy, are already provided for by the laws of some i
of the States, and arc susceptible of provision by all
the States. And
"3. If the involuntary system be desirable, itought
not to be included in this bill, but should be intro-
duced in a separate bill, as was proposed by amajor-
ity of the Judiciary Committee."
Mr. Calhoun said:
"But it goes much further, and provides for a com-
prehensive system of compulsory bankruptcy, as it is
called; that is, as I understand it, bankruptcy as in-
tended by the Constitution. As far as the provisions
of this portion of the bill ar-e limited to individuals,
I admit its constitutionality, but object to it on the
broad ground of expediency. It is impossible for
any one to doubt, who will examine the history of our
legislation, that there must be some powerful objec-
tion to the passage of laws of bankruptcy by Congress.
Ko othcrproof is needed than the fact that, although
tbcGovernmont has been in operation for more than
half a century, and the power is unquestionable, yet
in that long period, notwithstanding the numerous
and strenuous efforts that have been made, but a
single act has passed, and that, though limited to
five years, was repealed before the expiration of
the time. If we inquire into the cause wc shall find
it, in part at least, in the genius of our institutions
and the character of our people, which are abhorrent
to whatever is harsh in legislation, than which there
is none, in its wide range, more so than the laws of
bankruptcy. They givo the creditors the most sum-
maiy and efficient process against the debtors, of
which we may be satisfied by looking into the pro-
visions of this amendment." *■ * * * "And
shall wc, who are at least in part responsible for such
astatc of things, at such a poiiod when the debtors
are so much at the inercy of the creditors, reversing
the ill-judged but humane policy wisely prohibited
to the States by the Constitution, ot interposing in
favor ofthe debtors, arm tne creditors with new and
extraordinary powers of enforcing their demands?
"Who is there that does not feel that it would bccruel,
impolitic, and unjust ? But it is only at such periods
that bankrupt laws are proposed; and is it at all
wonderful that the instinctive feelings of the com-
munity have so strongly and steadily resisted their
adoption?
" On no occasion has there been stronger cause for
resistance than the present; lor on none could such
a law be more impolitic and cruel; and such, if I may
judgu from the discussion, is the feeding of this body.
Standing alone and limited to individuals, I doubt
whether the portion ofthe amendment under imme-
diate couMdei.ition would rcccive a pinglc \ote, al-
though it is the only part, which is clearly and unques-
tionably within thclimitsoftheConstitution. Itmay,
then, w ell be asked, if it is without supporters, why
is it in.rCi ted ? But oue answer can be given : because
it is Jolt, as obnoxious as it is, to be indispensable to
the pasaageoftheprovisionsconnectedwith it. One
poition of the Senate is so intent on passing the part
in favor of insolvent debtors that they are willing
to lake with it the compulsory portion in favor of
cieditois, while another, from a strong desire to in-
clude corporations, are willing to comprehend the
other piovtsions, though they denounce the provis-
ions in favor ot insolvent debtors standing alone as
fraudulent, unjust, and unconstitutional. It is thus
the two extremes unite in favor of a measure that
neither would t*uppoit alone, and a feature of the bill,
obnoxious of lt&elt, but constitutional, is made to
buoy up other portions which, if not clearly uncon-
stitutional, to say the least, are of doubtful constitu-
tionality.
" Let me say to tho&c who represent the portion of
the Union where the indebtedness is the greatest,
and who, on that account, favor the provisions for
the relief of the insolvent, that the operation of tho
amendment, should it pass, will disappoint them.
The pail in favor of the debtors may, indeed* throw
off tho burden from many who aro now hopelessly
insolvent, and le.-toie their usefulness to themselves
and society, but the o^her provisions will induce a
far pi eater number to insolvency who might other-
wise stiugglc through their embarrassments with a
competency left for the support of themselves and
their families I cannot, be mistaken. Should the
amendment ns it now stands become a law, instead
of relieving it would crush the indebted portion of
the Union.''—Debate on Jicpral in 1813.
Mr. Webster said:
" Xow,sir. the argument for the compulsory clause
is, that without this power tho creditors have no se-
curity ; that the bill is a one-sided measure, a meas-
ure lor the benefit and relief of debtors only, quite
iegaidle<s of the just risrht? of creditors. All this I
deny. 1 maintain, on the contiar.v, not only that
there ih just hc-cuiity for the rights of ercditois,under
tho voluntary part of the bill, but that that part, of
it.-elf and by iU-rlf, i* of the highe-t value and im-
portance to creditors. This proposition takes for
granted, what I have no doubt will be found true, i
that per?ons in insolvent eireumttunf-es will goner- !
oily become voluntary bankrupt*; and m theseeond
place, 1 maintain that very little value is added to
the security of creditors b> the compulsoiy pait of
the bill."
And his arguments, in maintenance of these
proportions alone, till more than five columns
of the Globe.
Mr. Benton said:
"Persons who are not merchants or traders have
been carried away by the spirit of the times, and have
been involved in debts irom winch they see no means
of extiieation. The^c have a light to the relict' of a
bankrupt law as well a=? those regularly engaged in
trade ; at the same time they should not be subject
to the compulsory application ofthe law. With them
the application of the law should be voluntary and
optional; it should only bo applied to them on their
own petition, while with those regularly engaged in
trade, and particularly bound to know the laws of
trade, and to obey these laws, the application of tho
law should be compulsory, and should take effect
upon the petition or a given proportion of the cred-
itors."
I have now, Mr. Speaker, presented the con-
siderations which control my judgment in thia
ease.^ They rest upon reason, experience, and
authority j and I cannot deem it wise or expe-
dient to enact a law which they all so emphat-
ically condemn.
Mr. JENCKES. T have but a word to say
in regard to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.] I
think that all that he seeks to accomplish, and
perhaps more than he asks, has already been
provided for. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
The question was taken, and theamendment
of Mr. Paine was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move further to amend this
section by striking out the words "the district"
in the last clause of the section, and inserting
in lieu thereof the words "that portion of the
district in which the bankrupt and his creditors
shall reside." The clause will then read:
The assignee shall immediately give notice of his
appointment, by publication at least once a week for
three successive weeks, in such newspapers as shall,
for that purjlose, be designated by the court, due re-
gard being had to their general circulation in that
portion of the district in which the bankrupt and his
creditors shall reside, and shall, within six months,
cause the assignment to him to bo recorded in every
registry of deeds or other office within the United
States whero a conveyance of any lands owned by
tho bankrupt ought by law to be recorded; and the
record of such assignment, or a duly certified copy
thereof, shall be evidence thereof in all courts.
Mr. JENCKES. I know the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Holmes] has reference to his
own district. I would suggest to him that he
leave the words "the district'' in the section,
and then insert tho voids ho suggests, prefa-
cing them with the woid or."
Mr. HOLMES. Veij, well; I will accept
the suggestion and modify my amendment
accordingly.
The amendment of Mr. Holmes was then
agreed to as modified.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to call tlie attention
of the gentleman from Rhode Tsland [Mr.
Jexckes] to the following clause of the four-
teenth section:
And provided further, That 110 mortgage of any
vo. (■ I or of any other goods or chattels, made as
security for ;iny debt or debts, in good faith and
for present considerations and otherwise valid, and
duly recorded, pursuant to any statute of the United
States, or of any State, shall be invalidated or af-
fected hereby.
Docs the gentleman mean that a mortgage
given for good and valuable considerations,
and not for present considerations, shall be set
aside by this bankrupt law?
Mr. JENCKES. This proviso is intended
to prevent the classes of preferences which have
hitherto been referred to in the debate. Val-
uable consideration might refer to a consider-
ation passing between the parties years before.
Mr. ROGERS. Suppose a mortgage had
been given long before for a valuable consid-
eration ?
Mr. JENCKES. It would be perfectly good.
Mr. ROGERS. Suppose a mortgage had been
given On Tuesday for a consideration obtained
on Monday?
Mr. JENCKES. That would certainly be
for a present consideration.
Mr. ROGERS. For how long a time would
this provide?
Mr. JENCKES. For four months, by an
amendment already adopted.
Sections fifteen to nineteen inclusive were
then read.
Mr. HALE. This section nineteen contains
the following clause:
Any person liable as bail, surety, guarantor, or
otherwise for the bankrupt, who shall have paid the
debt or any part thereof in discharge of the whole,
shall be entitled to prove such debt, or to stand in
the place of the creditor if lie --nan have proved the
same, although such payments shall have been made
after thoproeeedinss in bankruptcy were commenced.
