1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
We are directly, immediately interested in the
prosperity of the southern crops.
It is not our iuterest that the southern peo-
ple should leave off the production of cotton :
it is not our interest that cotton should be taxed
out of production; it is our interest that it
should be encouraged so that the people of the
South may produce that article in the produc-
tion of which we do not compete and cannot
compete. We want the southern States to pro-
duce the largest possible cotton crop that we
may sell to the southern States our surplus. It
is the only convenient and cheap market that
we have. The Ohio and the Mississippi rivers
carry our heavy productions to this southern
market, and if we but allow the southern peo-
ple again to be restored to their condition of
prosperity, we in the West have our convenient
and natural market and will receive from that
market the wealth 4-0 which we are entitled.
Mr.-WILSON. The Senator from Indiana
tells us that the people of the West have a di-
rect and immediate interest in the culture of
cotton and in the revival of prosperity in the
southern States. Have the people of Indiana
any more interest in that than the people of
Massachusetts? Have the people of the West
any more interest in the growth of cotton than
the people of New England? Is there a stronger
desire in the West that cotton shall grow and
that the southern States shall prosper than
there is in New England or New York or
Pennsylvania? This tax on cotton is not a
New England inspiration. It does not come
from Massachusetts. I think that if it were
submitted to Massachusetts to-day she would
not vote for it. I have received innumerable
letters during this session against a tax on cot-
ton from men of intelligence and character and
large business men in my State.
A Massachusetts man cannot turn his hand
to anything that is not taxed in this bill; and
I say here to-day that our internal revenue
system, which has been put upon the country
to pay the expenses of the war, bears heavily,
and more heavily, upon New York and New
England than upon any other portion of the
country. There is hardly any industry in
Massachusetts that is not hunted out and taxed
by your internal revenue system. But how is
it with the great agricultural sections of the
country? They are hardly touched at all, and
men of wealth, living on large farms, having
good incomes, under the system of letting off
persons under $600, pay no income tax. Then
there is a provision in this bill, which was well
enough in time of war, when we had to submit
to anything and everything, but which is ut-
terly unjust now, making a discrimination
against persons having incomes over $5,000,
and making them pay ten per cent. It is un-
just, and it bears with a heavy hand on some
portions of the country.
The Senator tells us that a protective tariff is
to come here, and he gives the Senate and the
country to understand that that tariff originated
in Now England. I deny it. I say that this
new tariff is a western measure. It had its
origin in the West; it is to take care of west-
ern interiJsts; and the New England manufac-
turers will be taxed from forty to fifty million
dollars a year on one article annually for the
next five years, if it passes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that?
Mr. WILSON. The article of wool. Sir,
Massachusetts has nothing whatever in that
tariff bill as it stands before the other House
to-day. There is not a thing in it by which her
interests are protected. It may perhaps be for
the general interests of the country to pass a
tariff bill, but unless the pending bill be-modi-
fied, and modified largely, I will not vote for it,
and I hope every Massachusetts man in Con-
gress will vote against it.
Sir, I want this cry to stop here and stop now.
Whatever tariff you may pass is not called for
by Massachusetts. We are content with things
as they are, with the tariff as it is. We take
your internal revenue bill as you pass it, and
will pay our share under it; but I want the
Senator from Indiana to understand, and his
people to understand, and the people of the
West to understand, and the western news-
papers who are talking about it to understand,
that the proposition to increase the tariff does
not come from the State of Massachusetts, that
her interests are not promoted by it, and that,
as one of her representatives, if the bill comes
here and is not modified largely from what it
now is, I intend to vote against it, and I hope
every Massachusetts man in^Congress will do
the same.
We have had enough instances of protection
being called for by new interests in the North-
west, and by the great iron and coal interests
of Pennsylvania, and then when it has been
given, persons going up and down the country
denouncing New England as the sinner. If
there be any sin in the tariff now take it to
yourselves and hug it to your bosoms. We
have had no lot or part in it. It is not ours.
It has no New England call for it; and I be-
lieve the ablest and best manufacturers in New
England are opposed to it, do not believe a
word in it, believe their interests will not be
pi-omoted by it, and are content with the tariff
as it is. Others may say that the general in-
terests of the country may require that there
should be some modification of the tariff, but
not our special or political interests. I want
the Senator from Indiana to understand, and
I want his people to understand, that this tariff
had its origin in the Northwest, to take care
of the wool-growers of the Northwest.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
takes his seat I wish to ask him who is the
author of the tariff bill in the House of Repre-
sentatives, whether that bill came from any
western man, or whether it is not from an east-
ern man. Was it not reported to the House
by an eastern man ?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Morrill, a Represent-
ative from Vermont, who is chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported the
bill; but I Ray here, and I want the Senator to
understand it, that the beginning of the tariff
movement this year originated with the wool-
growing interests of the Northwest. They com-
menced it, they began the agitation ; they vis-
ited all parts of the country and tried to induce
the leading men of New England to go into the
movement, who feared to go into it, because
they said, "If you increase the duty on wool
you must, also increase the duty on woolens,
and we fear this thing.'' I tell you it has been
imposed upon us, and whoever charges, from
whatever section of the country, that the pres-
ent effort to make a new tariff came from Mas-
sachusetts or from New England, is altogether
mistaken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very much in
hopes now that the tariff bill can be beaten.
I do not think that it can receive a western
support, because it is not a revenue measure.
It is not claimed to be a revenue measure by
its author, nor does the author, in the able
speech with which he introduced the bill into
the House of Representatives, claim for it the
positions assumed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I was reading, on yesterday even-
ing, his able speech which accompanied the
introduction of that bill into the House of
Representatives from the Committee of Ways
and Means, and I think the Senator is not sus-
tained by the authoritative declarations of the
chairman of the committee when he reported
the bill to the House. I recommend to the
Senator to examine the statements made by
the Representative who introduced the bill from
the committee. I think he will find that that
bill is claimed by its author, the chairman of
the committee, as a protective instead of a rev-
enue measure; but 1 will join with the Senator
from Massachusetts in laboring for its defeat.
I am willing to give to New England and Penn-
sylvania and New York all the protection that
the very high tariff for revenue will now give,
and that is all they have a right to ask. That
revenue is to be very large. The condition of
the Treasury requires it to be large. Incidental
to revenue there is a very large protection, such
a protection as is given to the labor of no other
portion of the country; and if the income of
New England is so much greater than the in-
come of the West, it is not because we culti-
vate poor lands; it is not because our people
are not frugal and industrious; it is because
the advantages of the present system are so
much against us and for another portion of the,
country.
Mr. WILSON. A single word in .regard to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the other House, who reported the
tariff bill. I think the Senator from Indiana,
if he will inquire carefully into it, will find
that the chairman of that committee was often,
and very often, overborne by others from other
sections of the country. I think he will find,
too, that the high duty on wool and on iron
was put on that bill not by the choice of the
chairman of that committee. If I have watched
his course aright, I think it has been to make
a moderate tariff, and one that would take care
of all sections of the country and excite the
hostility of no considerable portion of. our
people.
_ Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, my indi-
vidual judgment is and has been against any
cotton tax, and also against a tax on sugar. I
thought that certainly, in our presentcondition,
after the people of the southern States had, in
the course of the rebellion, lost their whole
labor applicable to these productions, we ought
not now to tax them. .1 reflected on what ap-
peared to be the opinion of the majority of the
members of this and the other House, and I
came to the conclusion from their votes and
from what they said, that there was a prede-
termination to have a tax on cotton and to
retain the tax on sugar. Seeing this, I thought
we might make the tax on cotton two cents,
and might reduce somewhat the tax on sugar,
and I so voted when the bill was before the
Senate. When I was appointed a member of
the conference committee on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, I found that the House
of Representatives still retained its predilec-
tion for a tax of five cents a pound upon cot-
ton, and the Senate sustained the Finance
Committee in proposing two cents. That was
one of the difficulties among a great many that
were to be reconciled.
Now, in legislation it has not been my habit
to set down a principle from which under no
circumstances will I depart. Though I am as
earnest as almost any one to carry my views—
and I was exceedingly earnest in relation to
the cotton tax and the sugar tax, becausc I
did not believe the people could bear those
taxes, and I do not now believe they can fairly
bear them—I will not resist this report. After
much deliberation we finally settled on all the
points of difficulty except the cotton tax, I
think, pretty fairly. I think the House com-
mittee acted liberally and fairly, and I think
the Senate committee acted liberally and fairly
in coming to an^igreement. Both parties de-
termined to adhere to the cotton tax as their
respective Houses had fixed it. We offered
a compromise which they declined, and I was
exceedingly sorry, and expressed myself so
when it was declined. Finally, however, a
compromise was made settling the tax at three
cents. I felt that it was within the discretion
of the committee to reconcile the difference if
they could, and not bring it up for discussion
before the two Houses again. I know very
well how the feelings can be harrowed up by
discussions on points like this. I know that
the discussion runs into the rebellion and all
the feelings that have been engendered by it
on both sides. I see nothing to be done now
but to concur in tljg report, or else there will
be a long delay and interminable discussion
which will not tend to harmonize the two sec-
tions of the country.
I intend to vote for this report, and then to
vote for the levee bill which has been intro-
duced, so as to give back, in the shape of an
appropriation for that purpose, as much of this
money as it will take to put the fields in order
and put up the levees so that cotton may be
made. The southern representatives on this
