212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
Senate.
Funding of the National Debt—Mr. Sherman.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
is now whether we are willing to continue to
pay such interest, and whether we are unable to
meet our obligations on more favorable terms.
And, sir, in considering this question, I wish
it distinctly understood that I would not arbi-
trarily change any contract with a public cred-
itor. Public faith is the most precious jewel
of a nation, and I would not tarnish ours by
any violation of promise or contract. So far
as we have stipulated we must pay ; our credit
demands it. An old writer says:
" This is tlie great tiling called credit. Credit is a
consequence, not a cause: the effect of a substance
not a substance; it is the sunshine, not the sun—,
the quickeningsomething—call itwhat you will, that
gives life to trade, gives being to the branches and
moisture to the roots. It is the oil to the wheel, the
marrow in the bone, the blood in the veins, and toe
spirits in the heart of all the nfooee, trade, cash, and
commerce of the world."
Credit is based, not only upon a strict com-
pliance with contracts and ability to perform
them, but also upon great care in making them.
We must have prudence in making a contract,
honor in observing it, and ability to perform
it. These are the elements of public as well
as private credit. Our history as a nation has
shown that we have the means and will to fill
our contracts. It is for us to show,our pru-
dence in making these for the future. In pri-
vate dealing we will not trust a man who nas
great means and ample property if he is reck-
less in making engagements, but we do trust a
prudent man who has no resources but his pru-
dence and probity. As a nation we ought not
to impair our credit by making engagements
more onerous than other nations do, unless we
are compelled to do so by stern necessity. Now,
sir, I cannot but think that it is discreditable
to us as a nation that we are now issuing our
bonds at a higher rate of interest than any
Christian nation of the world; that we now'
continue to issue six per cent, bonds, principal
and interest payable in gold, at a coin value of
seventy-five cents on the dollar. I do think
the fact that all European nations, with all
their complicated relations and expensive forms
of government, can sell their securities at a
more favorable rate than we, is an unpleasant
fact no longer justified by the relative condi-
tion of the several countries. While we were
in war, our Government in discredit, and our
own people fearing the result of the struggle,
wo were justified by necessity in paying high
rates; but to do so now is a confession of weak-
ness that I see no foundation for.
Let us test this question by a more detailed
comparison of the rates of interest paid by this
and other countries, and of the resources of
each. I have a table showing the debt, popula-
tion, and annual interest paid by leading nations:
Great Britain.
United States.
Prance 
Russia 
Austria 
Spain 
Holland 
Prussia  
Portugal -
Belgium 
Denmark 
Saxony 
Hanover 
"Wurtembeig...
Hamburg 
Greece 
Countries.
§4,000,000,000
3,000,000,000
2,000,000,000
1,155,000,000
1,125,000,000
535,000,000
465,000,000
210,000,000
150,000,000
130,000,000
130,000,000
114,000,000
60,1X10,000 ■
43,000,000
40,000,000
25,000,009
23,000,000
20,000,000
H
©
a
n
O-
et-
30,000,000
35.000,000
30,500,000
79,000,000
35,000,000
16,000,000
3,000,000
18,000,000
4,000,000
4,500,000
4,500,000
7,700,000
2,600,000
2,000,000
1,800,(00
1,700,000
222,000
1,000,000
Popula-
tion.
i_i i—i
KSOH-'tObOtOi—■hctocov-'cricocowcncoj.i
O OK> O UJ CO CO GO cn C2 O >4^->—1 rfi-"-1 CO
OO-ftOOOCWCCOOO^^O^OCO
Per |
capita.
HM
i_  i—«< tn Co-jt oa co
' I—4 to gc_cc coo to
Ca*^TO*M^TffiOW 05^000000
  c?<aoitibsoiocooocoQOo
©oeppooO© © © © o o o o ©
bbVobbbobbbbooo©g
OOQOOQOOOQOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo
Annua
interest
&
<55 MM MMH CO I— 
Wl«®05tO©WUWOtOOM<3JWrf --lO
Per
capita.
% A S Ct
Jago
e? a «>
fa-I
£ 2| ft
2 a
ft ^ ^
*81"
ss $
ft ^ X
f.f I;
o S-.sf
S o "S
But this table, while it presents us in an un-
pleasant aspect, does not show the entire facts.
Of our debt only $2,200,000,000 is on interest.
The residue is not funded or is in the form of
currency, but on the sum of a little more than
§2,000,000,000 we pay $139,000,000 of inter-
est, while Great Britain .pays a less sum of
interest by some millions of dollars on nearly
double the debt. The rate of interest on her
consols, at their present market value, is three
and a third per cent. One hundred dollars of
her bonds, bearing interest at three per cent.,
will sell in any money market of the world for
eighty-six dollars in gold, equal to ninety-four
dollars in our coin, while $100 of United States
bonds, bearing six per cent, interest, will sell in
Europe at from sixty-five to seventy dollars in
sterling gold, and in the market at New York for
about seventy-six dollars in our coin. Is the.re
such a difference between the condition of affairs
in this country and in Great Britain; is there
anything in our public credit, the nature of our
institutions, or the character of our laws, or in
the uncertainty of payment that compels this
exorbitant difference? I do not think so. In
France the rate of interest is about four per cent,
and a fraction; sometimes a little less than four.
In Russia it is five per cent. In Austria it is
five per cent. Five per cent, is the highest
rate paid, except during an emergency by any
of those countries; and their resources are not
to be compared with ours. This table shows
that, tested by the public debt of any nation of
modern times, the amount paid by the United
States is entirely exorbitant, and therefore the
first duly is to reduce this rate of interest, not
by arbitrary means, but by every device of
legislation. In my judgment, it will be a pub-
lic discredit if the Secretary of the Treasury
is compelled to issue any more six per cent,
gold-bearing bonds.
When you examine our resources and com-
pare them with the amount of our public debt,
the latter seems insignificant. It is shown, not
only by our official tables, but by the actual
exhibition of our industry and strength in the
last three or four years, that we have more
elements of strength and more resources in
money than any nation of Europe. England
has but thirty million people upon whom her
public debt rests; we have thirty-five million
people, and our population increases at a ratio
without example, maintaining that ratio for
sixty years. We have the broadest agricult-
ural field of any nation in the world, without
even excepting Russia, because the great body
of Russia is either too cold or too dry for agri-
cultural productions. We have a territory of
compact form but varied climate, and produc-
tions greater in extent than all Europe. We
have 2,044,077 separate farms, each occupied
by the owner, and in the main tilled by his
own labor. Our coal-fields are estimated to
be thirty-six times the size of those of Great
Britain andlreland, and are distributed through-
out all portions of the country. As qoal is the
basis of the wealth of Great Britain, and actu-
ally yields seventy-two million tons, while we
now consume but fifteen millions, we have in
coal a bank that can never break, a mine of
jewels more valuable than all the gold of the
world. And our mineral resources are greater
than those of any two countries of the world.
California has furnished to the mints of the
United States for gold coin over $360,000,000,
and probably a greater amount in bullion ex-
changed for foreign productions. Iron in
mountains of rich ore is scattered in most of
the States. We have more actual wealth per
capita, now, than any nation in Europe. The
price of labor here is twice -what it is in Eu-
rope. All the elements which enter into the
computation are in our favor. For us to pay
this rate of interest, it seems to me, is an ac-
knowledgment that there is some defect in our
form of government, some insecurity, or some
unreasonable demand for the use of money,
that I cannot explain.
The vast disproportion between the rates of
interest we pay and our resources has excited
the intelligent observation of an Englishman
recently among us and who has recently writ-
ten a book upon the resources and prospects
of America, a copy of which I have before me.
I refer to Sir Morton Peto, and I am sure every
Senator who hears me will deeply regret that
one so friendly to our country seems, by the
advices we have this morning, to have been
involved in financial embarrassments at home.
This intelligent writer, who is familiar with the
whole system of finance and taxation in Eng-
land, has presented in this volume the results
of his study and observation of our resources
in a manner that must attract the attention of
every reader. The book is a careful collection
of facts admirably arranged, but without at-
tempt at concealment or exaggeration, and he
closes it by saying that after the completion of
our Pacific railroad—
•'Wesliall be called upon to regard America as the
greatest nation of th& world. Sho will be entitled to
take that rank by reason of her extent, her diversity
of soil and climate, the character of her communica-
tions, the variety of her resources, her vast mineral
riches, and the abundant field which she presents for
labor and for the employment of capital and enter-
prise. Many among us are accustomed to smile when
we hear the Americans speak of the United States,
in their accustomed manner, as-a 'great nation.'
But there is no mere boast in that description. Em-
phatically, America is a'great nation.' Where can
we find her equal in geographical and natural advan-
tages, in material progress, or in general prosperity?
As a united people, the Americans present to tho
world a speetacle that must excite general admira-
tion. Regarding them as of the same race and ances-
try with ourselves, as a people using our language,
governed by our laws, united by the same religion,
influenced by kindred sentiments, their progress is a
spectacle which should kindle our admiration and
enthusiasm."
And, sir, in this connection we must re-
member that while our resources are so great,
they are not locked up in the bosom of mother
earth, but may be touched by the power of
taxation. The actual experiment has been
tried, and the result has been far greater than
any of us estimated. We are now collecting a
revenue greater than any modern nation. A
reccnt official statement made to us by the
revenue commissioners shows that during the
current year the result of our taxes is over five
hundred million dollars, a sum greater than
France or Great Britain ever collected in any
one year. We are now engaged in the happy
duty of repealing many of these taxes, but will
still retain §30,000,000 to apply annually on the
principal of our debt; a fact that has forcibly
impressed the mind of Mr. Gladstone, who,
after years of peace, is fortunate in being able
in Great Britain to propose a plan of slightly
reducing the debt of that country by changing
a portion of it into terminable annuities.
Another element of credit is that under our
system of government our national expenses
are far less than other nations. Sir Morton
Peto says:
"In proportion to population, the United States,
in 1860, had, I apprehend, the smallest expenditure
and the smallest national debt of any country in the
world."
And, sir, even under the increase of our
expenditure since the war our actual expendi-
ture, other than on account of the public debt,
will be in the future far less than the same pop-
ulation in Europe. Here war expenses cease
with the war. No standing army swells ex-
orbitantly our estimates. Our heroes who
saved the country by war are now enriching it
by their labor. Our current expenses next
year will be considerably less than two hun-
dred millions. So that whatever view we take
of our financial position, whether we consider
our resources, our receipts, or expenditure,
or the varied industry of our people, we must
conclude that we are not justified in paying
rates of interest so far in excess of other na-
tions.
Again, sir, the present rate of interest is a
war rate, and the distinction between a war
rate and a peace rate is recognized by all the
