1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
1 move to amend by inserting after that clause
the following:
And any person so liable for the bankrupt, and who
has not paid the whole ufwa.id debt, but is. & till liable
for the .same or any part thereof, may, if the creditor
shall fail or omit to prove said debt, prove the same
either in the name of the creditor, or otherwise, as
may be provided by the rules of the court, andsubjeet
to such regulations and limitations as may bo estab-
lished by such rules.
Mr. JEM CKES. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section twenty was then read.
Mr. HALE. The first clause of this section
is as follows:
That in all eases of mutual debts or mutual credits
bcwcen the parties, the account between them shall
be slated, aud one debt olf against the other, and
the balance only shad be allowed or paid, but no
sct-olF ^hall be allowed of a claim in its nature not
provable agam&t the estate.
1 think that requires some amendment, and
therefore 1 move to amend by adding the fol-
lowing :
• Provided* That no set-oft shall bo allowed in favor
of any debtor to the bankrupt of a claim purchased
by or transferred to him after the filing of the peti-
tion.
Mr. JJ3NCKES. I presume that would be
the law without any such amendment, but I
have no objection to it.
The ameudment was then agreed to.
Section twenty-one was then reftd.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend this section
by inserting the words against the bankrupt"
after the following clause :
Thai no creditor pioving his debt or claim shall
be allowed to maintain any suit at law or in equity
therefor.
Mr. JENCKEfl. That ik the proper con-
struction of the words of the clause as it now
stands. I have no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sections twenty-two and twenty-three were
then read.
Mr. HALE. There is one clause in this
section which 1 think needs amendment. It is
UK follows :
Auv prr-ion who, affer the approval of this act,
shall ha\ e accepted any pret'erenee, having reason-
able rau>e to believe that the same was made or
given b\ the debtor eoutraiy to anv provision of this
art, shall not prove (he debt or claim on account of
which the preference was made or given, nor shall he
receive any dividend therefrom.
1' move l.o amend by adding .thereto the
following:
Until lie shall lirrt have surrendered to the as-
sign"'- Jill motii'.vs, piopcity, and advantage received
P} him under ^ticli preference.
Mi. J k'XCK US. 1 am willing that amend-
ment should ho made.
Tlio amendment was agreed to.
Reclion twenty-four win then road.
Mr. DAVI8. 1 wish to oal! the attention
of the gentleman having charge of this bill
to that portion of this section which relates to
the issue of an execution against the assignee.
If is as follows:
I hut a I1 ereditor who takes an appeal to
till! circuit, court from the decision of the district
couit leiechn;; liis claim, in whole or in part, shall,
upon entering his appeal in the chenit court, tile in
the clerk's ofiiee thereof a statement in writing of
his claim, setting forth the same, substantially, as in
a decla ration tor the same cause of notion at law, and
the assignee shall plead or answer thereto in like
manner. amllike proceedings shaillhcreupon be had
in file pleadings, trial, and determination of the
eain-e, a- in an action at law commenced and pio.-e-
culed. ill the u-ual mannei, in the courtsot'the t'ni-
teil State-', except that no execution shall lie awarded
against the a-j-itmeo for the amount of a debt found
due to tile creditor.
I would inquire of tlio gentleman whether
thorp is any intention on his part to have a
judgment even pro forma against the assignee
personallyif there ho any snoh thing, it
ought to be provided against ill this bill.
Mr. JENCiCES. The gentleman will see
that the bond is at all times within the control
of the court. Instead of entering a judgment
against, the assignee personally, the court can
order the amount recovered to be paid or.t of '
the fund, and the receipt of payment will he a
discharge of the assignee.
Mr. DA\ IS. 1 do not see how the execu-
I tion can issue except upon a judgment; and
i if the execution is to be against the individual
the judgment must be against the individual.
Mr. JENCKES. They will make no judg-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. Then there will be no neces-
sity for providing that no execution shall issue.
Mr. JENCKES. Under the judiciary act
as it now stands, without amendment, an exe-
cution may be ordered to issue upon the judg-
ment, unless this provision is interposed.
Sections twenty-five and twenty-six were
then read.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend section
twenty-six by striking out the following:
On the application of any creditor, and on such
reasonable notice as the court may direct, and for
good cause shown, any bankrupt may be required to
brills his wifo before the court, to tho end that she
may be examined as a witness; and if such wife do
not attend at tho time and place specified in the
order, the bankrupt shall not be entitled to a dis-
charge unless he shall prove to the satisfaction of the
court that he was unable to procure the attendance
of his wife.
I make thismotionforthercasonthat I doubt
the policy of bringing the wife of a bankrupt be-
fore a court to testify in a ease of bankruptcy.
I know that of recent years we have had some
legislation in various States authorizing the
wife to he a witness for or against her husband.
But I have never yet seen any good ground for
any such policy; it is hut offering a premium
for perjury. I have seen wives examined for
and against their husbands, and I am sorry to
say that I have seen scarcely an instance in
which not only I myself hut others were con-
vinced that there was perjury. There doubt-
less have been exceptions. But the interest
of the husband over the wife is controlling, and
I do not believe it is best for us by our legisla-
tion to do anything tliat may seem to offer a
premium for perjury.
Mr. JENCKES. I agree entirely with what
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis]
has said, but this provision has reference to an
entirely different class of cases. This does not
relate to any personal matter of the bankrupt,
but as to the rights of property in the wife ; and
if the gentleman will examine the section, he
will find in the forty-sixth line that no such
order for the examination of the wife is to be
made by the court, except "for good 'cause
shown," which, it is expected, will bring this
provision entirely within the rule of the civil
law, and not, inflict upon cither husband or wife
the hardships of the rule of the common law,
bul will protect the wife's property where she
has if iii her own right, and will prevent the
husband from settling property upon his wife
in fraud of his own creditors.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, if that be tho object, it
appears tome tho language used in the bill fails
to accomplish it fully.
Mr. JENCKES. 'The " good cause shown''
covers it, if you,'have a wise judge.
Mr. I)AV IS. If the object is lor the protec-
tion of the wife's property, then certainly she
should be authorized to bo a witness, even if
the creditor does not apply. According to the
hill as it stands, tho wife can be a witness only
on the amplication of the creditor.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will move
an amendment to insert ''upon her own appli-
cation," i have no objection to such an ameud-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment
which I have offered, and movo the following:
Insert after the word "creditor" at tlie end of the
foit.v-louith line the words "or of the wife of the
bankrupt;" so that.it wiUread;
On tile application of any creditor, or of the wife
of the bankrupt,and on such reasonablenoticeasthe
court may direct, and for ccocd cause shown, any
bankrupt may be required to bring his wife before
tiio court, to the end that she may be examined as a.
witness.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That all creditors
w' !'1? \ ;xrc /il-dy proved and allowed shall be
enatied to shave m the bankrupt's property and os-
tat opro i ata, without any priority or preference what-
ever, except that wages due from him to any opera-
tive, or clerk, or houso servant, to an amount not
exceeding fifty dollars, for labor performed within
six months next preceding the adjudication of bank-
ruptcy, shall be entitled to priority, and shall be.first
paid in full, &c. * «•
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by inserting
after the word_"full" in the paragraph just
read the following:
Provided, That, any debt proved by any person lia-
ble as bail, surety, guarantor, or otherwise for the
bankrupt, shall not be paid to the person so proving
the same until satisfactory evidence shall be pro-
duced of the payment of such debt by such person so
liable; and the share to which such debt would be
entitled may be paid into court or otherwise held for
the benefit of the party entitled, as the court may
direct.
Mr. JENCKES. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether that is* not the law at present.
Here is a debt payable by the bankrupt. To
whom? Why, to the person with whom he
contracted.
Mr. HALE. I think the gentleman misap-
prehends. I will explain. I moved to the
nineteenth section an amendment which was
adopted, providing that any person liable as
bail, surety, guarantor, or otherwise, for the
bankrupt, not having paid the debt, and still
liable, might, if the creditor should fail or omit
to prove said debt, prove the same, either in his
own name or otherwise, as might be provided
by the rules of the court. Now, in order to
correspond with that amendment if is necessary
to provide that whenever a person in that sit-
uation shall prove a claim no dividend shall be
paid until satisfactory evidence is produced of
the payment of such debt.
Mr. JENCKES. I believe that such would
be the law without the amendment which the
gentleman proposes; but still I do not object
to it.
Mr. HALE. I really do not see how it can
be the law when the law says otherwise.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Tho Clerk read tho following:
At such meeting the majority in value of the cred-
itors present shall determine whether anv and what
part of the not proceeds of the estate, after deducting
and retaining a sum sufficient to provide for all un-
determined claims which, by reason of the distant
residence of the creditor, or for other sufficient rea-
son, have not been proved, and for other expenses
and contingencies, shall be divided amongthe cred-
itors: but unless ope third in value of the creditors
shall attend such meeting, it shall be the duty of the
assignee so to determine.
Mr. MILLER. .1 move to amend by striking
out the words " one third," btrfbre the words
''in value," and inserting "one half." It
sometimes happens that a single creditor con-
trols one third or more of the indebtedness;
and " one half" should be inserted to give all
an equal chance.
Mr. JEN CKES. I have no objection to that
amendment, if the gentleman will insert after
the words "attend such meeting" the words
"in person or by attorney."
Mr. MILLER. I accept the gentleman's
suggestion, and so modify my amendment.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the twenty-
eighth section in that part which provides for
the priority or preference of the claims to be
presented for dividends so as to change the two
following paragraphs, putting the fourth in
place of the second, and the second in place of
the fourth:
2. All debts due to the United States, and all taxes
and assessments under the laws thereof,
4. Wages due to any operative, clerk, or house ser-
vant, to mi amount pot exceeding fiity dollars, for
labor performed within six months next preceding tho
first publication of the notice of proceedings in bank-
ruptcy.
Mr. JENCICES. The trouble about that is
it would alter the Constitution of the United
States, which gives priority to this class. It is
independent of the bankrupt law. I think it
ought to be done, and the bill has been drawn
as far as possible to give these debts preference,
but the Constitution and the laws forbid us from
going any further.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to add, at.the end of
the seventy-seventh line, page 40, these words:
I "county or cify," so that it will read:
5. All debts duo to anypersons who, by the lajvs of
the United Slat.es. are or may be entitled to a priority
