3612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
floor for a long period consisted of patriotic
and conservative men, and I look to them again
on tliis floor to join the conservative men and
hold the balance in favor of a conservative Gov-
ernment. I hope and trust to live to see that
day, and I hope we shall not by long discus-
sions upon points of this kind widen the breach.
My judgment, as i have said, is against any
tax upon cotton, and if I were to act upon ex-
treme points and extreme views, I would hold
that there should be no tax; but still all legis-
lation is a compromise of conflicting opinions.
Some men yield, and some do not. I am one
of those who are in favor of yielding when it is
necessary to accomplish an object.
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say a
single word in reply to the Senator from Indi-
ana, who thought it strange that any Senator
representing a western State should think of
concurring in this report of the committee of
conference, especially that portion of it relat-
ing to the tax upon cotton. Representing in
part a western State, I do not forget that I am
also a Senator of the United States,-and that
in arranging taxes for the whole country we
cannot ;ook simply to the interests of our own
State or section. An appeal to a section upon
a question of such public interest as this looks
to me like an effort to divide the country rather
than to unite it.
I have been; I confess, taking the tax bill as
a whole, admirably well pleased with it, be-
cause it is a great improvement upon the bill
of last year. I did not vote for the tax upon
cotton, not because the people of my State had
any particular interest in that production—we
always raised some, but a very little—but be-
cause since the rebellion has closed there is
now an effort to raise cotton by free labor, and
it is an experiment. The cotton interests in
this country are going to a great extent into
hands that have never raised cotton before.
The committee have been careful to encourage
the production of iron by striking off all the
taxes. Under the old bill the iron manufac-
turers for manufacturing the simplest form,
like railroad iron, paid eight dollars a ton,
while under this tax bill they pay not a cent.
I am glad of that. It is done because we want
to encourage the production of iron. I use
that only as an illustration of a number of
other articles. Now, I want to encourage the
_ production of cotton. It is as valuable to us
as gold. We are undertaking to raise it under
a new system of labor, and at this crisis I think
it exceedingly unfortunate to put a tax upon
it. That, however, is only one item in this
bill, and because I regard that as unfortunate,
I shall not go against the whole bill; for, as a
whole, it is certainly a very great improve-
ment upon any tax bill we have had before.
The Senator speaks about the agriculture of
the West being taxed. In reply to that I will
say, in the first place, that there is no reason
why one interest of the country should not be
taxed as well as another. Hiis bill is pecu-
liarly favorable to agriculturists, and for no
reason that I know of. I do not know why
agriculture is any more honorable or is any
more entitled to exemption than any other in-
terest; and yet we exempt it; and I am very
glad of that, because the section I represent is
an agricultural community, and that is the great
interest of the country. But on principle I
know no reason why that interest should be
particularly protected in tax bills. The man-
ufacturing interests of the country are as de-
serving of protection as the agricultural, and
so are the commercial interests, and so are all
the interests of the people. They are all de-
serving, and no 'one of them should lie dis-
criminated against; but iii'this bill I find hardly
anything raised by agriculturists taxed except,
jierliaps, cotton and whisky and tobacco.. So j
far as whisky and tobacco are concerned, the 1
tax comes ultimately, almost all of it, out of
the consumer; and I have long believed that
il persons desired to consume those luxuries,
as they are called, they could very well afford
to pay'for them, and I do not hear much grum-
bling against their paying for them. Persons
who dance at such a shrine as that should al-
ways pay the fiddler, and "pay him well. I do
not think that that is any too high; I think it
should be at least as high as it is. My own
opinion is that this bill, is such an improve-
ment upon any other tax bill that has ever
passed Congress that it will be received in the
country with joy, and the report of the commit-
tee of conference should be accepted, notwith-
standing there may be in it one or two items
which as individuals and as representing par-
ticular sections of the country we might desire
to have changed. As a whole I shall go for
it, and I think we ought to adopt the report
of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I really hope the Sen-
ate is ready to take the vote. Everybody is
aware that this report must be taken as a whole,
and I suppose everybody is pretty well satis-
fied that it will be taken, the whole of it, just
as it is. If Senators are disposed, because of
the cotton tax or any other, to vote that we
shall have no bill at all after all the labor that
has been given to this, they will so vote. I do
not pretend to argue the matter; I will only
say that it is very important that the bill should
be sent to the House of Representatives in sea-
son to get it through the House to-day. The
bill has yet to be enrolled, and that will take
a good while. If gentlemen really are deter-
mined that the love of talking shall conquer
the heat, if they will sit here to talk instead
of acting on a matter about which the ultimate
result is perfectly well understood, be it so. I
hope, how ever, that they will be willing to take
the question and not argue the tariff in advance.
But if they do argue the tariff in advance I
hope they will agree that when the tariff bill
comes here they will consider their speeches as
made and not then give them to us over again.
Mr. JOHNSON. Iam not about to argue
the tariff bill, nor to argue the propriety of
this particular tax. I do not understand that
any portion of the report is objected to ex-
cept that which relates to the tax on cotton.
The report contains recommendations on a
variety of other subjects, to which there has
been as yet no objection. I assume, therefore,
that all those portions of the report are satis-
factory in the judgment of the Senate. I rise
now merely for the purpose of saying that I
think there should be no tax upon cotton, or
if there should be any it should be fixed at the
lowest sum that the Senate can get it adjusted
at. The Senate last year fixed it at two cents,
and we adhered to that at the present ses-
sion. The other House placed it at five ccnts.
,A compromise between the two bodies, under
the auspices of the committee of conference,
fixes the tax at three cents. I believe the pro-
duction will bear that tax ; but I think it will
certainly not bear the tax which the House
had ^determined upon. Although I think this
tax is unnecessarily high, yet as it apparently
is the best which can be done for the producers
of the commodity I shall vote to support the
report of the committee.
The report was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another question on the bill. The committee
recommend a change in the text of the bill,
which was not in controversy between the two
Houses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only striking out three
words. There are three words in one section,
which are inapplicable on account of changes
made in other parts of the bill, and retaining
them would only lead to embarrassment. The
proposition is a mere verbal change, and it
becomes important in reference to the proper
construction of the section. We did not feel
authorized' to change it, but recommend the
two Houses to do it, as has been done in other
ch.scs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The recom-
mendation of the committee is in these words:
"the committee of conference further recom-
mend that the words ! by the collector' in lino
nineteen, ])age 140 of the text of the engrossed
bill, be stricken out." It has been ruled fre-
quently by the Presiding Officer of the Senate
that a matter not in controversy between the
two Houses was not in the power of a commit-
tee of conference and could not be acted on by
either- House_. The Chair will be advised, how-
ever, to receive any motion which may be made
in regard to the matter.
Mr. CLARK. It may be done by unanimous
consent, by the consent of both Houses. If we
agree to it and the other House agree to it, it
may be done.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. That would
make a change in the bill, as a matter of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the engrossing clerk
could be directed by a resolution passed by the
two Houses to make the change.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This has been done
before.
Mr. JOHNSON. It cannot be done without
the consent of the other House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course not. It is
no part of the report proper, but is a mere
recommendation, and if concurred in by both
Houses it is done. It is a mere verbal change,
to which there can be no objection.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that it is only
by virtue of the parliamentary law that it is not
within the power of a committee of conference
or within the power of either House to amend
a portion of a bill which has been agreed to by
both Houses ; but it is clearly within the power
of the two Houses, both consenting, to dispense
with- that parliamentary law and agree to an
amendment of the bill, even where the text of
the bill has been agreed to by both Houses.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no difficulty
about that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Themotion
is that the Senate concur in the recommenda-
tion of the committee of conference, regarding
a correction "in the text of the bill which, was
not in controversy between the two Houses.
Is there any objection? The Chair hears none,
and the correction is ordered to be made by
the Senate.
APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 3d instant, the following bills
and joint resolutions:
An act _(S. No. 30) to create an additional
land district in the State of Oregon;
An act (S. No. 193) granting lands to the
State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of a harbor and ship-canal at Portage Lake,
Keweenaw Point, Lake Superior, in that State;
An act (S. No. 219) granting certain lands iu
the State of Michigan to aid in the construc-
tion of a ship-canal to connect the waters of
Lake Superior with the lake known as Lac La
Belle, in said State;
An act (S. No. 243) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, in the State of Michigan, and for the
completion of the said road;
Au act (S. No. 313) to regulate .the trans-
portation of nitro-glycerine or glynoin oil, and
other substances therein named;
An act (S. No. 317) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes,' approved July 1, 1802,"
approved July 2, 1864;
A joint resolution (S._R. No. 110) to author-
ize the hiring of a building or buildings for the
temporary accommodation of the Department
of State; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 113) for the
construction of a railroad bridge across the
Cuyahoga river over and upon the Government
piers at Cleveland, Ohio.
And that on the 4th instant he had approved
and signed the following bills:
An act (S..No. 37) making a grant of lands
