186G.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213?
39th Cong.... 1stSess.
Funding of the National Debt—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
writers. England was compelled to sell many
of her three per cent, annuities at some sixty
cents oa the dollar; but even England when
she was involved in the great war with Napo-
leon never paid anything like such a rate of
interest as we do this day. It seems from the
report of one of the revenue commissioners,
which is very full of facts and details on this
subject, that the average rate of interest paid
by Great Britain during her war with the French
republic, of eight years, was £4 17s. per £100;
a little less than five per cent.; that during the
year 1802 it was reduced to £4 4s.; that during
the war with the French empire it was £4 15s.;
that from the end of the war until 1821 it was
£4 5s., or four and one fourth per cent., and
that the average rate during the whole period
of the war was four and three fifths per cent.,
reduced to a specie standard; and yet we have
paid, uniformly, six per cent, in gold, receiv-
ing paper for our bonds, paying the interest in
gold, and converting one into the other. At
one time during the war we paid at the rate of
thirteen or fourteen percent, on money, count-
ing the difference between gold and paper.
Such a thing as that would exhaust any coun-
try except ours. We were able to borrow this
money and get it from the people; but it is
obvious that at the very earliest moment we
must go back to something like a reasonable
rate of interest on our public debt. We must
not tear from our people the results of their
labor and pay it for purposes of this kind when
there is no necessity. I take it, therefore, as
an axiom with which to set out, that we ought
to reduce the rate of interest. I expect to live
to see the time when the rate of interest in this
country will not be over three or four per cent.,
and now we propose to reduce it on new loans
to five per cent.
There are one or two collateral views that
Senators might reflect upon with great propri-
ety. First, there is the influence of these high
rates of interest on the industry of our coun-
try. I have a letter here, which probably pre-
sents this point as clearly as I can, from a very
intelligent citizen of the city of New York. I
will read a short extract. He speaks of the
effect of the high rates paid by the Government
in the city of New York. He says:
" A powerful cause which exposes the poor and per-
sons of limited means to such high rents is found in
the rates of interest establishedbynationalandState
laws and the increased value given to money by such
legislation. During the rebellion the Government
offered a higher rate of interest than the laws of New
York and the sea-board States generally had estab-
lished as legal. Hence investments in United States
securities now realize more than two per cent, over
bonds and mortgages in New York. Capitalistshave
therefore been withdrawing money from real estate
loans to invest them at higher rates in Governments.
This policy affects scores of millions of capital. It
has a direct tendency to limit andretard building and
discourage all State developments. It has entirely
unsettled the whole system of the demand and sup-
ply of money for private enterprises. Every day an
unprecedented number of houses and lots are thrown
on the market, either from the inability of the bor-
rowerto pay off his mortgages or debts in any other
way, or from the imperative necessity of raisingmoney
to prosecuteoldbusinessorstartnew. These enforced
real estate sales benefit the capitalists alone, who in
return demand at least fifteen per cent, on their new
property, and those who arc obliged to rent are thus
held at their mercy.
" Before the war capitalists and corporations were
ready to loan from fifty to seventy per cent, on real
estate securities. "With from two to live thousand
dollars on hand a man could buy and build with a
certain reliance on a loan, while his future earnings,
with the gradual advance of property, would ulti-
mately give him a clear title to a home for himself.
In this way many thousands of good dwellings were
constructed in New York; but the arrest of this sys-
tem has put our population into the hands of the land-
lords, and they will hold the power till the system is
changed. If the poor becamerieh, they would do the
same."
That is obvious. The effect of these high
rates paid by the Government is not only to
absorb the floating capital of the country, but
to deter men from engaging in enterprise; and
therefore all over the cities of the United States
it is a common remark ':It is impossible to get
houses." In the West the cry is distressing.
In all the cities it is impossible to get a house
at a fair rent. The rent absorbs all a man's
little earnings. The result is the people are
crowded into tenements, half a dozen families
in a house; in New York, in some cases two
or three families in a room ; and all these dis-
tressing incidents grow out of the advance in
rents, the greater expense of living, the high
prices of produce, of food, clothing, and all the
necessaries of life. I think there is no fact that
contributes so much to this state of affairs as
the high rate of interest paid by the Govern-
ment of the United States. We go in and com-
pete with every man who is talking about build-
ing a house, to borrow money. We compete
with every class of industry. We compete with
the railroad companies in the sale of their
bonds, with the manufacturers in the building
of new warehouses. We compete with all
classes by offering a higher rate of interest
than we allow the courts to enforce for them.
During the war that was necessary; we could
not avoid it; but is it necessary now? I think
it is not.
The great leading objects of this bill are to
fund the public debt and to reduce the interest;
but there is another object proposed by it
which I think is peculiarly an American one,
and upon which I ought to say something
before I proceed to examine the details of the
bill, and that is the necessity of providing when
we contract a debt fot the payment of it.
The original funding act framed by Alexander
Hamilton was based upon the idea that a pub-
lic debt should be temporary, and this idea is
ingrafted upon American finance. In view of
this, in the first loan law of 1862, if I remem-
ber aright, we provided that one per cent, of
the amount of the loan should be set aside as
a sinking fund with a view to pay off the prin-
cipal of the debt. That pledge has never been
redeemed, nor during war was it possible or
proper to redeem it. A sinking fund can prop-
erly be accumulated only during peace. It would
be bad economy to take a portion of the money
borrowed at high rates of interest during war
and invest it in securities purchased in the
market and then lay them aside and accumu-
late the interest for the purpose of paying off a
debt during peace. Great Britain tried that
for nearly one hundred years and finally aban-
doned it. The old form of a sinking fund,
which was the favorite theory of Robert Walpole
and William Pitt, was abandoned, then resumed,
and was finally abandoned in 1819. I have an
interesting book here, the preface of which
was written by the celebrated Mr. McCulloch,
in which he speaks of the abandonment by
Great Britain and by all other nations of the
old form of a sinking fund. I will read an
extract from it:
"Neither must it be supposed that the notion of
the wonder-working eifects of sinking funds has
been a mere harmless error. On the contrary, few
delusions have been practically so mischievous.
"Dr.Hamilton, of Aberdeen, has the merit of hav-
ing dissipated the delusion in regard to the sinking
fund."
"He showed that instead of reducing, the sinking
fund had increased, the debt. And he proved to
demonstration that the excess of rcvenuffover ex-
penditure is the only fund by which any portion of
the public debt can ever be discharged.
"But since Dr. Hamilton's work appeared, more
correct accounts have been obtained of the expendi-
ture, loans, &c.,duringthe greatstruggletcrmmated
in 1815. And from these it may be easily shown that
the sinking fund was not a clumsy only, but a cost ly
imposture. In proof of this we beg to state that the
loans contracted in each year from 1791 to 1S16, both
inclusive, amounted in all to £584,871.557, at an an-
nual charge to the public of £30,174,364. Of these
loans the commissioners of the sinking fund re-
ceived £188,522,350, the proportional annual charge
on such portion being, of course, £9,/26,0S0. But it
further appears from the accounts referred to, that
the stock which the commissioners purchased with
this sum of £188,522,200, transferred to them out of
the loans, only yielded an annual dividend of
£9,168,232. On the one hand, therefore, an annual
charge of £9,726,090was incurred to enable the sink-
ing fund commissioners to go to market;and, on
the other, they bought stock which yielded £9,168,232
a year; so that, on the wholo, their operations dur-
ing the war occasioned a direct dead loss to thecoun-
try of no loss than £557,857 a yoar, equivalent to a
three per cent, capital of £18,595,233, exclusive of the
expenses of the office, which amounted to above
£60,000. Such was the practical result of Mr. Pitt's
famous sinking fund, so long regarded as the palla-
dium of public credit, and the sheet-anchor of the
nation!
_ "Notwithstanding Dr. Hamilton's book was pub-
lished, as already stated, in 1813, the statute for tho
suppression of the sinking fund, the 10 George IV,
c. 27, was not passed till 1829. It enacted that in
time to come the sum to be applied to the reduction
of the national debt should be the actual annual sur-
plus of revenue over expenditure.
The old form of sinking fund adopted in
England, and also in this country, was to invest
by certain persons named in the law specific
funds and authorize them with those funds to
buy any portion of the public debt. That plan
of accumulating a sinking fund has been aban-
doned, and now, as this author says, the only
proper way is to apply a fixed sum raised by
taxes and from surplus revenue to the payment
of the public debt. Instead of endeavoring to
keep the debt alive by sinking fund commis-
sioners, the application of a specific sum to
the payment of the principal and interest of
the debt every year would have the same effect
in extinguishing the public debt as if invested
in sinking fund commissioners and without the
loss and expense of management.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. With the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, I should like to ask
him whether he has so far investigated this
subject as to tell me whether the principal
objection made to the sinking fund of Pitt
and the others he has alluded to was not that
the nation continued to be a borrower.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. And that it was really
borrowed money which was applied to the sink-
ing fund. Let me ask further, whether there
would be any difference in the result, provided
the nation had a surplus and that surplus was
applied to the sinking fund or was paid directly
on the debt. I ask for information.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is undoubt-
edly correct. England borrowed money to pay
into the sinking fund. The plan proposecUn
this bill is from the proceeds of taxes to raise
a specific sum, appropriating it for the payment
of the public debt. The difference is between
borrowing money to pay a debt and using your
own money to pay the debt, money collected
from the people.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Then the form, in
which it was applied, whether a surplus of taxes
was taken and applied by means of a sinking
fund or directly applied to the debt, would be
immaterial.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The difference be-
tween them would arise out of other circum-
stances.
Mr. SHERMAN. So that the money to
raise the sinking fund was not raised by bor-
rowing. If it was raised by taxation and di-
rectly applied, the effect is the same as if
invested in commissioners. The only reason
why I make any remark about the sinking fund
is that this bill contains a provision applying
a specific sum every year to the cancellation
of bonds under laws to be hereafter framed.
I have thus stated, I fear with too much
detail, that any plan should embrace_these
ideas: the funding the debt, the reduction of
interest, and the ultimate payment of principal.
And here a difference of opinion arose whether
this plan should be prescribed by Congress or
whether it should be left mainly to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I objected to the law
passed here a month or two ago, and the Sen-
ator from Maine did not think my objections
well founded. But I still think I was right.
My objection did not arise from any want of
confidence in the Secretary, for I know the
present Secretary will not abuse this trust.
But it grew out of what I considered the right
of the people to know precisely the terms of
the loan. That bill authorized the Secretary
to sell a bond, principal and interest payable
in gold, running uot to exceed forty years, and
bearing an interest not to exceed six per cent.,
