1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
decision, there is no appeal, will SO construe it.
They arc to be the servants of the man who
may be at the head of the War Department.
And he is to send his military satraps into
every county and district of these States. And
they may enslave and put down the entire white
people of the country by virtue of this law.
Mr. ELIOT. If I understand the gentteman
correctly he has taken the ground that in his
■ judgment the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceedings has been interrupted in every State of
the Union in consequence of the rebellion. If
that is his view, then the course of his argu-
ment is legitimate. I take issue with him upon
that view,-and desire to say simply that this
seventh section applies only to those States and
districts wherein the ordinary course of judicial
proceeding has been interrupted, and nowhere
else.
Mr. MARSHALL*1* I admit that all I have
said in regard to this turns on the construction
to be given to this section of the bill. I have
said that I do not know whether the construc-
tion I have suggested would be placed upon
this provision by our most eminent jurists ; but
I do know that these men who are to bo ap-
pointed, and who are to have the powers of
judges, who are to be unsworn, so far as I know
or can learn from the provisions of the bill, are
to construe this act as they please, and their
construction is to be maintained by the mili-
tary arm of the Government.
Instead of this being called a bill for the pro-
tection of freedmen and refugees, it ought to be
called a bill for the purpose of destroying the
Constitution of the United Slates and subject-
ing the people thereof to military power and
domination. That would be a much more
appropriate title.
And what are these discriminations, which,
if made, are to lead to the subversion of the
laws of the States and to foisting military law
upon the people of the country ? I suppose
that to testify in courts of justice is a civil right.
Now, in Illinois until la«t winter that right was
denied io the children of Ham. I suppose the
right to sit upon juries is a civil right. _ Now,
if on account of any local law or prejudice they
are denied anv civil rights accorded to white
men, these military tribunals and these agents
of the Government are to be foisted upon the
country for the purpose of taking charge of and
protecting these people. I suppose the right to
marry awhile woman is a civil right which be-
longs to the white men of Illinois; it is denied
to the black man there. And if any judge un-
dertakes to punish him for attempting to exer-
cise that civil right, your military judges are to
interfere, and without indictment or jury, to
punish the judge by a fine of §1.000, and impris-
onment. for one year, and there is no appeal
from their decision. This is so palpably in
violation of article six of the amendments to
the Constitution, which declares that '• in all
criminal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial by an im-
partial jury of the State and district wherein
the crime shall have been committed," that it
will not bear discussion or argument. _
1 suppose, sir, that to vote at elections is a
civil right. Wo deny that right to the negro
in Illinois. Now, I want to know whether you
are going to pass through this House and force
upon the country a bill under which, if the
judges of elections in Illinois or any other State
refuse, under the law of the State, to allow ne-
groes to exercise the elective franchise, your
little military judge, backed by military author-
ity, can step in and arrest these judges of elec-
tion, and imprison them twelve months and
fine them each S1,000. Y et such is the construc-
tion of w hich this bill is susceptible; such is the
construction which any man who may see proper
to abuse power would willingly place upon it.
The gentleman will not deny that these rigMs
to which I have referred are civil righN; No
gentleman in the Iloese will deny it. Yet, by
the provisions ol tisisbill, ii, on account ol an[>
local law or local prejudice, any Slate should
deny to the black man any civil right which is
accorded to the white man, these military tri-
bunals are to interpose and punish the judge
or other officer of the law who shall attempt to
enforce the local law.
Now, sir, let me comment a moment on the
eighth section of this bill. It provides for the
appointment of agents who may be sent into
every county of the United States, or if the
amendment offered yesterday by the gentleman
from Indiana should be adopted, into every
county of fifteen Stales of this Union. Over
a thousand men at least are to be sent out un-
der the direction of the Secretary of War as
the agents of the Freedmen's Bureau, who are
to sit as judges and enforce this bill, if it should
become a law, placing their own construction
upon it; and from these decisions there is to
be no appeal.
And who are to be these judges? I know
not who they will be ; but it seems to me, with-
out intending to make any invidious remarks,
that if you wish to oppress a people, if you wish
to drive from their breasts every sentiment of
loyalty, if you wish to perpetuate the spirit of
disunion, if. you wish to make a restoration of
fraternity impossible, you could devise no bet-
ter scheme for that purpose than that which is
embodied in.this bill, the operations of which
must tend to revive the flames of civil war and
involve us again in all the horrors of anarchy,
misrule, and despotism.
Who are to be sent out as agents of this
bureau? Will they be men selected on account
of their judicial knowledge? Not at all. They
will be the mere satraps or parasites of power,
who will doubtless, many of them, go forth as
spies. I know not whether they would be sent
for that purpose; but the power at least is
granted in the bill; and we ought to be careful
in granting to any man on earth unlimited
powers of this kind. Beyond a doubt, many of
these agents will act as informers and libelcrs
• of the people among whom they will be sent.f
Many of them would doubtless be respectable
men, while others might merely act as super-
servicable creatures of some political schemer,
whose purposes would be subserved by whatever
libels and slanders might bo collected by these
agents.
But the jurisdiction conferred by this eighth
section is not to bo exercised except in States
whose constitutional relations with the Goteru-
mentare suspended. How do I know that some
revolutionary cabal may not insist at sometime
that the constitutional relations of Illinois with
the Federal Government are suspended? Why
are not the constitutional relations of all the
Stales to the Government restored now? The
flag of the Union is floating over every town and
hamlet of the nation; the laws of the Federal
Government are nowhere resisted: for nine
months no man has been found in arms against
the Government; your courts can conduct
their proceedings without interruption in every
county of every State, North and South; your
tax-gatherers have already penetrated every -
part of the land and are collecting money for
the support of the Government. _ Those States
have their Governors, their Legislatures, their
laws, m lull operation. Why arc not their con-
stitutional relations to the Government restored?
It is for the simple reason that a revolutionary
cabal at the commencement of this Congress
refused to allow them lepresentation upon this
floor. Will gentlemen deny if they were ad-
mitted, if their Uepi esentatives were here, that
their constitutional relations would not be fully
restoicd? Our revenues are collected there.
Custom-house oilicers are in every part o!^ the
South. Tli© laws arc nowhere resisted. It, by
placing your doorkeepers at the doors of this
Ilalland shutting out their Representatives, you
destroy their eonstitui ional relations to the Fed-
eral Government., what, then, is to hinder the
dictator of this i louse or this revolutionary cabal
to refuse to admit the delegation from Illinois,
to declare that their names fjiall be stiickcn
I from the rolls, and we to be told when we come
: here that we have norigho to scats in this Hall?
1 This is a now and very summary way to bring
about disunion. If we were refttsed: our-;
upon this floor would you say that ,thg consti-
tutional relations of Illinois to -the Government
would be destroyed? And, so far asthe en-
forcing the laws of the Governmentis concerned,
this is the only difference between Tennessee
and Illinois to-day. , .
I believe the man who is at the head of the
Freedmen's Bureau is a good man, a1 gallant
anil excellent officer; but, sir, we should plaee
in no man unlimited power. What is to be the
amount of the expenditures under",this law"?
It may be twenty million and it may be -two
hundred million. You may buy up lands:witht-
out limit. You may purchase provision and
grant transportation at pleasure.
Has it come to this in this free Government,
that you shall place in the hands of any man,
I care not how esteemed he may be, the power
to squander the people's money at pleasure, to
feed, support, and educate the negroes of the
country?
If the power should unfortunately be placed
in the hands of a man who would abuse it, we
would see marched into the States,andespecially
into the southern States, parasites, who would
know nothing but to do the bidding of their
master. They will do everything to perpetuate
strife and to prevenlthe restoration of fraternal
feelings between all life sections of the country.
There is not a man on the face of the earth into
whose hands I would place such power. I do
not know that these powers would be abused,
but I would never place in the hands of any man
unbridled, unlicensed power. It is almost im-
possible for any man to resist the temptation to
abuse such authority.
Mr. Speaker, what time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Seven minutes.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have occupied a great
deal more time than I expected when I began.
My remarks, I know, have been very desultory.
I have made these criticisms in good faith. I
think there is no warrant in the Constitution for
the enactment of any such lawand if there
was any such power it would still be a great
wrong to so use it. There arc others who have
higher claims to our consideration. In Ten-
nessee and other southern States' thousands of
loyal men left their homes io battle for the flag
of the Union; and in many cases their entire
property was seized in their absence and appro-
priated to the use and support of the Federal
armies, and their families reduced to poverty
and want. These brave men, after their long
services to the country, .return to find their
homes desolate, and their wives and children in
poverty and rags. And they now come here to
a*k the Government to pay only for the prop-
erty actually taken for the use of the Govern-
ment. The claim of these men to such com-
pensation is a just and holy one. This is not
denied. But I do not hear of the enactment of
a law to pay these claims. You have, on the
contrary, passed a resolution that, such claims
shall not be considered, because, as you allege,
the Government is not now able to pay these
debts. No "loyal" voice is raised in these
Halls to denounce the outrage. No peans are
sting in praise of these wronged defenders of
their country. They happen, unfortunately, to
be white men and white soldiers, andthey may
starve and die from want, and no wail will be
raised in their behalf; but when money is wanted
to feed and educate the negro I do not hear
any complaints of the hardness of the times or
of the scarcity of money.
I, sir, am very far from wishing to oppress
the negro. I have no objection to your giving
him the benefit of a generous homestead, law.
Let him go, if you please, on to the public and
unoccupied lands and obtain for himself ahome.
Give him ample time to pay therefor and acquire
a perfect title. Bui I insist that you shall not
for his sake heap further burdens upon the
oppressed white men of your country.
1 jat, sir, there is another, a higher and holier
claim still upon the justice, not the charity, of
the country; that of the white soldiers who
fought the "battles of the Republic. Especially
