1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2653
contested election.
Mr. DAWES. I submitted a few days ago
a report from the Committee of Elections, in
the case of Follet vs. Delano. I desire to call
up that case to-morrow immediately _after the
morning hourond have it disposed of without
debate. 1 trust that members meanwhile will
send for the report and read it; and I will, in
compensation, relieve the House from any
-debate on my part.
Mr. SPALDING called for the regular order.
The SPEAKER announced, as the first
business of the morning hour, the call of com-
mittees for reports, beginning with the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
coinage, weights, am) measures.
Mr. KASSON. The Committee on a Uni-
form System of Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures have prepared a report which needs some
slight revision before it is sent to the printer;
and I therefore propose that while the report
shall be considered as presented now, 1 may
retain it for revision, with the understanding
that it may be handed to the Clerk after revis-
ion and be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
metric system 01? weights and measures.
Mr. KASSON, from the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, reported a bill to
authorize the use of the metric system of
weights and measures; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to enact
that, from and after the passage of the act, it
shall be lawful throughout the United States
to employ the weights and measures of the
metric system ; and no contract or dealing or
pleading in any court shall be deemed invalid
or liable to objection because the weights or
measures expressed or referred to therein are
the weights and measures of the metric system.
The second section provides that the table
in the schedule annexed to the bill shall be
recognized in the construction of contracts
and in all legal proceedings as establishing in
terms of the weights and measures now in use
in the United States the equivalents of the
weights and measures expressed therein in
terms of the metric system; and said table
ma;y be lawfully used for computing, deter-
mining, and expressing, in customary weights
and measures, the weights and measures of the
metric svstem.
Mr. tfASSON. I suppose it is not neces-
sary to read in detail the tables giving those
equivalents.
The committee have deemeditwise to frame
a bill which in its terms is simply permissive
and initiative of this great reform. In England,
! though a compulsory.act was at first proposed,
it was finally resolved to adopt a mere permis-
sive measure ; and under the present circum-
stances of this country the committee consid-
ered it best to frame a bill of the same nature.
After some popular acquaintance with the sys-
tem the Congress will be better able to fix the
time for its ultimate exclusive adoption.
As the facts connected with this subject and
the reasons for the measure proposed are fully
stated in the report, I will not, in the present
pressure of business, detain the Housewith any
additional remarks, though I will cheerfully
explain any point on which any gentleman may
desire information. The committee, after very
patient and elaborate#nvestigation, have agreed
unanimously on their report. If no gentleman
desires to discuss the bill I will call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, i't was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
-table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I also report
from the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures, a joint resolution to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to furnish to each State
one set of -the standard weights and measures
of the metric system. This resolution is neces-
sary to carry into effect the bill which we have
just passed, and conforms to the former reso-
lution of Congress providing for the distribu-
tion of the common standards.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
It proposes to authorize and direct ttoe Sec-
retary of the Treasury to furnish to each State,
to be delivered to the Governor thereof, one
set of the standard weights and measures of
the metric system for the use of the States
respectively.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post office weights.
Mr. KASSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill to authorize the use in post
offices • of weights of the denomination of
grammes ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, this is to carry
into effect the policy already adopted by the
Post Office Department in connection with its
foreign correspondence in the use of gramme
weights. The bill has been submitted to the
Post Office Department and no objection has
been taken to it.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
metric system again.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether the bill for 0 metrical
system proposes to go into effect, immediately,
or designates some future day when it is to go
into effect.
Mr. KASSON. It proposes to go into effect
as a permissive measure immediately; that is
to say, all the arts, trades, corporations, and
individuals who may desire to adopt it can do
so. It is not now made compulsory at any time,
as the committee did not feel authorized to
make any such provision prior to its introduc-
tion by law, and the beginning of its use. We
only desired to legalize it so that those who
desired to use it might be able to do so without
violating the laws now in force in some of the
States, which this measure will to that extent
repeal.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman's explana-
tion is satisfactory to me.
uniform coinage commissioner.
Mr. KASSON, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution to authorize the
President to appoint a special commissioner to
facilitate the adoption of a uniform coinage
between the United States and foreign coun-
tries; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I will say in
explanation of the joint resolution that it is in
execution of the recommendations of the report
of the committee, as well as of Mr. Jefferson,
Mr. Adams, and the other distinguished men
who have taken part in this movement of re-
form. They all recognize the necessity of inter-
national action to arrive at the proper result.
Congress a few years ago passed a joint res-
olution that only partially carried out the
object. A commissioner was authorized to be
appointed for the purpose of consulting with
the Government of Great Britain. He went
there with indefinite instructions. The English
Government expressed a willingness to enter-
tain any proposition, but there was no author-
ity sufficiently certain to give it force and effect.
It therefore failed to produce any practical
benefit. The committee thought that, in-con-
nection with the meeting of the commissioners
next year at Paris, from various foreign Gov-
ernments, if we appointed a special commis-
sioner expressly charged with this matter we
might at least pave the way for the result so
much desired. That is the whole effect of the
joint resolution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I believe this to be totally unnecessary. I cant
not understand why all this business cannot bW
performed by our diplomatic representatives
abroad. This special commissioner seems to
me to be an unnecessary officer, entailing an
unnecessary expense. I only desire to call
attention to the fact, and I hope the joint
resolution will not pass.
Mr. KASSON. I think the gentleman's
objection can be answered conclusively. In the
first place the questions involved are those of
science and art, referring to the basis of coin
and the relations it shall bear to weights and
measures. I know of but one minister of the
United States abroad at this time who would
be personally competent to undertake the neces-
sary negotiations. In the second place, it will
be impossible to take away any of our minis-
ters from their respective capitals to attend
to this special duty m meeting those commis-
sioners from foreign Governments. We have
hardly ever been able to effect any special
reform through general diplomatic officers. In
every instance, so far as I know, the initiative
has been taken here and elsewhere by special
commisi^oners. It is done for postal and for
commercial conventions.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Have foreign
nations appointed commissioners with whom
our commissioner is to negotiate?
Mr. KASSON. They are all appointing
commissioners to meet at the Industrial Exhi-
bition of next year.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Are any of
them authorized to negotiate upon this subject?
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman had heard
the resolution read he would have found that
it provided for the appointment of a special
commissioner with reference to this subject, to
act in conjunction with commissioners to be
appointed by all nations which are invited to
join for this express purpose. The whole object
of the resolution is practical—to secure one
single commissioner from each country who
shall be specially charged with that function.
1 certainly can see no objection to it. The res-
olution expressly provides that there shall be
no salary paid to the commissioner, and I think
it will commend itself to the judgment of every
member that a special commissioner is indis-
pensable for this purpose. I call the previous
question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman will allow mo a word.
Mr. KASSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for the reading of
the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was again read.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Idesiretocall
the attention of the House to the fact that here
is a proposition to appoint another commis-
sionerto the Paris Exhibition. We have already
authorized the appointment of ten, and before
they get through -with that Exhibition I do not
know but we shall have a congress of American
citizens sent there to represent all the great
interests of this country. Now, if we cannot
get, along with ten commissioners I think we
had better dispense with the commission en-
tirely. This is simply an appendix to what has
already been commenced, and I hope we will
stop the appointment of further commissioners
to this Exhibition.
Mr. KASSON. I have done my best to en-
able my friend from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] to
understand this resolution. I hope now I shall
enable him really to comprehend its purpose.
If he had spent weeks and months in the exam-
