1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1603
or preference, in like manner as if this act hud not
been pn.^oil: Anmyi jnnvult-I, That nothui!; Oun-
taine.l in tlu.- aet shall interfere with the assof^iuent
ami roUeetmn ot ta-xes l)y the United States or anv
Scare, eeunty, or city.
As it now stands it relates simply to State
taxes which may ormay not be collected through
the instrumentality ot the county collector and
treasurer. It seems to me that the tax levied
by county or city should be protected in the
same way as a tax due to the United States or
the State.
. ,^r: JENCKES. I would suggest, as a mod-
ification of the gentleman's amendment, to in-
sert iu the seventy-sixth line, idler the word
'•by," these words, theauthority ofso that
it will read, ''by the authority of the United
States or any State."
ilr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. .1 KMC ICES. Mere municipal tax is
another thing.
Mr. DAVIS. That satisfies me, and I accept
it as a modification of tin' own amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move the same amend-
mentto section twenty-nine that has been moved
to previous sections, after the word " district"
insert, •' or that, portion of the district in which
the bankrupt and his creditors shall reside.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 33. Andbr it further nineted, That no debt ero-
atcd by the fraud or embezzlement ot tile bankrupt,
or by his defalcation as a public olfieer, executor, ad-
miniotratoi, giwudian, trustee, assignee, or factor, or
while acting in any other fiduciary character, shall be
discharged under this act; but the debt m:iy be proved,
and the dividend thereon shall be a payment on ac-
count of said debt; and no discharge granted under
this act fhall release, discharge, or affect any poison
liable for the same debt for or with the bankrupt,
eithei a> partnu, joint contractor, inducer, surety ,
oi otherwise. And in all proceedings m bankruptcy
commenced after one year from the time thib act shall
go into operation, no discharge shall bo granted to a
debtor whoso assets do not pay fifty per cent, of the
claims against his estate, unless the assent in writing
of a majority in number and Rvalue of his cmlitois
v ho have proved their  daims js liled 111 (he case ai or
before the i ime of application for discharge.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker. I wish to say in
reference to this scction that it was adopted in
the committee mainiv through my efforts. It
does not meet my views fully nor tho views of
those whom I represent as we would desire.
The KPKAKbJJJ. The House is malm- the
live-minute rule, and the gentleman must move
some amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to strike out the la^t
word of the section.
1 simply widi to say that this section is
deemed bv some to be of vital importance to
the creditor interest, Its provisions are in the
Massachusetts law. I have consented to the
provision as it stands hero postponing the time
forifs operation one year as a compromise.
Believing the lime has come when a good bank-
rupt law should he enacted: believing the enucf-
ment* in the several States are conflicting and
un.-aiisfaeiory, I am of opinion if a bankrupt
scheme could be devised similar to that in Mas-
sachusetts it would he productive othreat good
both to the creditor and debtor interest of the
country. f believe that is the feeding not only
in Massachusetts but universally, that if that
Massachusetts provision could be inserted in
the bill it would be eminently satisfactory to
all interests. In the ah^enec of that it meets
with strong opposition. A communication ad-
dressed to the chairman of the committee from
the Boston Loard of Trade forth, i believe,"
the views of the creditor interest, in Boston fully
and clearly, and I a^k that it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Bos'/ox Board uf Tr \dt;,
65 MKiU'II \xis' Jvxcu VXOE,
Bosro.x, Joni'cn t/ w. ].^>G.
Sin: The undersigned, as a committee of the Boston
Bo.e-1 or Tiade, were mt/usied with a memorial to
the Ohiriy-Kiglith'Joiv-rcvs, atits last-version,respect-
lu!l,\ ii: ksjjg joi a p.Hponement of action upon the
bankrupt bill until the insurcront States rdiould have
been brought back to their a'iecrumce; and lurther
piavirg th«.i the s;i4 hill might be so moditied that a
debtor receiving the nmehts ot i i ovi>ions, should
be re'iuired to pay fifty per cent, of the indebted-
ness <>,')ved again: l him,or,in lieu * hereof, to obtain
the consent of a in,"gouty of his creditor.-, in number
and amount, in order to secure his release.
j Now that the rebellion has terminated and the Fed-
j erai jurisdiction has been restored over the States
; which were in revolt J he objection? entertained by the
, Boston Board ot Trade in common withmerchantsin
othei ciuos, to the passage of a general bankrupt law
to be operative in the South well as in the A'orth,
ecase to exist. It cannot lie denied that the time has
now come tor the passage of a law relating to insol-
vency which shall be paramount over the various and
often groatly eonilieting enactments of the scveial
states, and which by its uniform and equal operation
shall iurni&h an additional bond'of union and a new
clement ot national life. The undersigned, however,
as representing- Ihe Eo-?ton Board of Trade, earnestly
hope that-thepro visions for thediseharg.e of the debtor
suggested above, may be incorporated into the bill
now betore theHou&o of Representatives. These pro-
visions havo lbr the past eighteen years formed apart
of the bankruptcy law of Massachusetts, and in this
btate they ha\ o been found most salutarynnd essen-
tial, indeed tho law could not have been kept on the
statute-hook through all this time without them.
iney have not worked to the disadvantage of the hon-
cstdeotor, whilothcyhavo tarnished an effective hin-
deianco in the way of many persons who would avail
t beimelycs ot the oenclits ol insolvency proceedings,
what- withholding their property in whole or in part
trom their creditor*.
^ The undersigned venture to express a fear that
simujd a law on tin-, subject go into effect without a
requirement as to the amount whit, h shall be paid by
thebankrupr to entitle him to release, the number of
those who would unwoi thily avail themselves of it
would lead the mercantile community to demand
fit her its repeal or i is essential modification. This
would not only reopen the whole subject and prevent
the attainment of that which is so much to be desired,
nameiy,_a well-defined and a well-understood sys-
tem, whicn should be permanent as well as uniform,
but. in the opinion of_thc undersigned it might lead
to the almost indefinite postponement of the whole
question, aitcr a bnef'period, similar to those which
have gone before, shall have elapsed, during which
pel sons throughoutthe country seeking to be relieved
from tueir cieditors without paying their debU, will
have obtained then discharge.
The undersigned commend these considerations to
youi atti ntion, and beg to subscribe themselves, sir,
with much respect,
Your obedient servauts,
KZKA FARNSWORTlf,
WlbblAM CLAFTdN,
HAMILTON A. HILL,
hon. Tiio.m vs A. Jkxckes, Ho ate uf Itcprertaitalivcs,
Vf<(shcii'ltr>}l, 1). (',
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. .JKNCKES. ! will renew it.
^Ir. ALLEY. Will the gentleman allow me
to add a word further?
Mr. JEXCKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLEY. I concur entirely with the
views expressed by the eminent merchants
whose names are attached to iliat communi-
cation. 1 have labored earnestly in the com-
mittee to pioeuie the adoption uf those -\5ews
\n full, but bohu;- unable to accomplish that, I
confuted to the reporting1 of the bill and prom-
ised my support to it if they would insert a pro-
vision like this as aeompromise. 1 uuderstand
from the chairman of the committee that the
creditor interest, as represented by the Boards
of Trnde of the several States with which he
has had communication, assent to the bill as it
now stands and agree to the provision in its
modilied form.
Believing, as I do. that a uniform law for in-
solvent debtors is of great importance both to
the debtor and to the creditor interest, i shall
ve this bill mv support, i regard it as the
best bankrupt biII ever presented to the Amer-
ican Congress, While it does not contain all
of the best features of our Massachusetts in-
solvent law. it contains many of its wisest and
nvv,t beneficent pro\ isions. "Within my recol-
lection Massachusetts has had all sorts of laws
oi relation to debtor and creditor; but her
present bankrupt law has been "in existence
nearly tw-iitv years, cmd £i ?es to all the most
eminent -atislaction. and nothing would induce
her people to fall back upon the old system,
so long since cast oif by her. and which, 1 am
sorry to say. is s;> peiv-isumtly adhered to in so
many of the other States of the Union.
Mr. JENCKES. I widi simply to add cer-
tain resolutions on this subject fiom the cred-
itor interest of other cities in support of the
bill. First, from the city of Detroit:
Isovnn ov Tp\nr, "Rooms,
Detroit, Miuiic.an, March 21,lSoG.
To the honorable Oir ciJ House uf llepi-tscnla-
thei of tho /JfutctJ tfa't > .•
•Tho following a copy of a resolution that passed
this boaid on the L'ith ln^t'int:
" Jt> That }ia\m« examined the general
bankrupt bill now ]>cndujy befojc Congress, th^s
board, in consideration of its judicious provisions,
especially the safeguards for the iprQtectitm of both
debtor and creditor, hereby approve of said bill, and
icxpcctfully ask that it be passed into a law during'
the present session,"
A true copy: RAY HADDOCK.
Secretary.
^ Also the following resolution of the Board of
Trade of Chicago:
"Chicago. mamhvu 1866.,
"Resolved, That this board consider the osiablish-
ment ot a uniform system of bankruptcy to be a just
and expedient measure, demanded alike by the true
interests ot debtor and creditor.
Kenolved, That this board believes that the early
passage of the bankrupt bill, now pending in Con-
gress, will be of great benefit to the whole country;
' and that we request the Representative from this
district to give the bill his active support.
' lieaolved, That the secretary forward a copy of
these resolutions to our Representative in Congress."
Also the proceedings of the Chamber of
Commerce, New York:
Mr. Walter S. Griffith, chairman of the eommittea
of arbitration, to which was referred the considera-
tion of the memorial of the Boston Board of Trade on
the bankruptcy bill now before the United States
Senate, submitted tho followinff report, recommend-
ing the hon-coxieurrcnco of the chamber in said*
memorial.
The arbitration committee of this chamber, to
whom was rcfeired tho communication of tho Boston
.Board ot 1 rade in reference to tho proposed bill for
establishing a stein of bankruptcy, now pending
before Congress, respectfully report, that they have
examined the act with much care, and have tuliy con-
sidered tho grounds suggested for urging postpone-
ment of legislation on the subject.
The southern Htatcs are largely in debt to the iner-
chanls of JSTcw York, and this chamber, as represent-
ing such creditor interest, cannot view without con-
cern the enactment or postponement ot legislation
having refcrene.o to tho sequestration of property for
the purpose of discharging such indebtedness.
AtteriuIIconsideration, youi committee havccome
to tho conclusion that the bill in quest ion is adapted
to protect the interest of creditors in eases of bank-
ruptcy, whether voluntary or compulsory, more thor-
oughly and effectively than similar laws ever enacted
in this country or elsewhere.
That while the claus>o refusing the benefits of a dis-
charge to those who have in any way aided or abetted
the rebellion may perhaps be amended so a> moro
effectually to necomplish tho, end designed, still tha
bill in its present iorm is of the greatest .possible in-
terest and value, securing, as it doe^ to the loyal
creditors of dif-loyal debtors in tho revolted States,
ready and sure means, when the authority of the(iov-
crnmcnt is restored, of compelling tho application of
all the propeity of tho debtors toward the discharge
of their obligations.
It is obvious that much time mustelapse before the
rights of northern creditors can bo enforced in the
local courts ot those States where, in consequence of
the rebellion, all judicial functions have b«-en long
suspended, and where, even after law shall be again
administered, local prejudices may iatcjpoac formi-
dablo barriers in favor of tho resident, debtor against
the non-residentcreditor. Without them terpoMtion
of Congress the dishonest debtor would have ample
time and opportunity to place his assets beyond tho
reach ot his eieditors.
if this bill becomes a law, however, it will by its
provisions extend the power of the court of bank-
rupt ev over the entire I en itory of tho Union, and thus
aflord an adequate remedy through the national tri-
bunals wherever the authority of the Government
sha 11 prevail.
Though admit! ing of improvement in several re-
spects. the bill in its general outline and provisions
seems drawn with signal ability, «md with a wi^e rc-
«nrd alike for the truu interchts of debtor and creditor,
and your committee regard its passage as eminently
de-ir<ibh\
It i^ with regret your committee differ on this sub-
ject fiom the highly intelligent body whose commu-
nication has been reterrcd to them, but they are
unariimou-* in opinion that the chambcr should reply
to the^Bosfon Board ot Trade that wc cannot concur
in their views respecting this bill.
VALTEll S. GRIFFITH,
A. W. Bil A.DFOIU),
S. 13. CliiTTKNDEN",
r. H. LATHEOP.
New York, February 2, lbGo.
Mr. SPALDIXG-. I desire to add the action
of the Board of Trade of Cleveland. Ohio;
Boahd of Trade Hooms.
Cleveland, March 14. 3866.
Dkau Sir: Tho following resolution was passed
by tho lioard of Trade of this city at its session this
day held:
" Uvboict ,1, That in view of the considerations con-
tained m the report of arbitration committee of tho
Chamber ot Commerce of the city of New York, dated
February 2, 186-3, and found on page TO of the pro-
ceedings of that body for that year; aud aho of tho
like considerations contained in the report of Ezra
Farn^worth, William Cialim, and Hamilton A. Hill,
which has recently been adopted by the Boston Boaid
ol Trade, recommending the pastute by Congress of
the bankrupt bill now before the House ot Itepre-
sentatives. thi.-« board do concur in such recoimnen-
dution, and respectfully urge tho enactment of tsaid
bit! during the present session.''
Attest: f J. C. SAGE,
^ _ Secretary Board oj Trade.
Hon. R. P. &PALDING.
