2654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
illation of the history of this question in this
country, the report of Jefferson, the recom-
mendation of MadKon, the action of scientific
bodies at home and abroad, the action of for-
eign Governments upon the subject, all of
which have been considered by the committee
that instructed me to report this resolution, he
would then know that there is no one subject
that can come before an international or other
congress that has more important relations to
the commercial and social intercourse of the
world than this one ; and that it is a question
whether money shavers shall actually accumu-
late enormous fortunes in every country of the
*World, at the unnecessary cost of travelers and
traders, and whether we shall be able to know
when we draw a bill on a foreign country how
much we are paying for it and how much we
get by it. I assure him and the members of
this House that the question is one the impor-
tance of which increases every hour with the
increasing intercourse of the world.
Secondly, I say that we have not a solitary
commissioner yet appointed to Paris, nor a law
authorizing one. That measure may fail. God
forbid that it should fail; but whether it fails
or succeeds it is absolutely necessary that there
should be aulhority of law to designate a .spe-
cial commissioner who shall have what these
other spccial commissioners have not, diplo-
matic authority to negotiate upon this subject
with which he is charged. The commissioners
to be appointed by the bill that formerly passed
the House are to be selected among manufac-
turers and agriculturists and all practical
classes of the community; but we want to send
some one who is acquainted with the general
history of coinage of this country and of the
'world, who knows the proper proportion be-
tween the precious metals and alloy, who
knows the systems prevailing in different coun-
tries, and who can properly negotiate, and by
authority, with the several Governments con-
cerned. This the other commissioners are not
and ought not to have authority to do.
Now it becomes a question whether we shall
take the recommendation of Jefferson and
Adams and all the distinguished men who have
sought this great desideratum, as regards the
commercial intercourse of the world, and ap-
point a special commissioner without salary,
or whether this most important object shall be
defeated by a single objection.
Mr. BANKS. In reference to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence,] I desire to say that the proposition pre-
sented by the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures, as I understand it, is distinct
entirely from that embodied in the proposition
for arepresentation of our industry at the Paris
Exposition. I do not desire to go into a dis-
•cussion of that question at all; but in reference
to this measure let me say to the gentleman
froni Ohio and to the members of the House
that its object is to pave the way for the estab-
lishment of reforms that "will enable, every man
who travels in any country to carry in his own
pocket an exact representation of the values
of weights and of measures that exist in any
civilized country. Whenever this system shail
be established a man may carry in the coin he
has in his pocket an exact test of the measures,
weights, and values that exist in other coun-
tries through which he travels. That is cer-
tainly an object of great importance to the
people of Ibis country, and if this be an inquiry
only, costing little or nothing, I hone the joint
resolution will be passed.
I have seen this morning very intelligent
persons from England who say that in a brief
visit to this country they have given as much
time and trouble to learn the relative values
of our fractional and other currency as to
study of institutions of greater importance. I
suppose that every man who has traveled
knows the inconveniences and the losses that
result from the difficulty in comprehending the
different standards of weights and measures
and money values in other countries. I hope
the joint resolution will pass.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman is perfectly
fright in his suggestion of the unnecessary ex-
pense and inconvenience that attend the pres-
ent system. So long as every Government
and principality in Europe has a local and
peculiar coinage, the traveler must undergo a
shave at every frontier, and merchants are
liable to perpetual mistakes in the rendition
of their accounts.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentle-
man does not seem to comprehend exactly the
point of the objection which I make to this
resolution. I do not object so much to the
purpq^e sought to be attained as to the means
by which it is sought to be attained.
Now, we have already, so far as this House
is concerned, authorized the appointment of
ten commissioners. They are to bo scientific
men, the representatives of all the interests of
this country. Why not clothe one of those
representatives with the powers contemplated
by this resolution? Why add another com-
missioner? That is the point I make. Now,
we have been a littlj^slow to see the absolute
necessity of this system which my friend says
has been so ably presented by Jefferson and
Adams and others. We seem to have got along
very well without it.
I should not object that one of those ten
commissioners should be clothed with all the
authority contemplated by this resolution, but
I do object to the unnecessary expense of an
additional commissioner for this purpose.
Mr. KASSON. Let me add once more, so
as to be distinctly understood by the House,
that there is no salary attached to this office.
These special commissioners to whom the gen-
tleman has referred have no special charge of
this subject, and have no power whatever to
negotiate with foreign Governments, and it is
absolutely necessary that the commissioner
charged with this question should have the
power to negotiate. X demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. KASSON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The pi*fevious question was seconded and the
main Question ordered.
Mr. 'LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on the passage of the joint reso-
lution. If this joint resolution shall be voted
down, I hope the House will understand that
the committee can be directed to move that
some one of the ten commissioners already
authorized shall be clothed with all the neces-
sary power.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I cannot re-
frain from expressing some surprise at the obsti-
nacy of my friend from Ohio in a matter to
which I see clearly he has not given a personal
examination. Let me say again that the rea-
sons for providing for the appointment of this
commissioner are that the Senate may not con-
cur in our measure providing for representa-
tion at the Industrial Exposition. Even if the
Senate should concur in that, no one of the
commissioners thus appointed can possibly per-
form the duties of this commission under that
act. The third reason is that if the effort is
worth the enterprise of an entire century—for
it is an enterprise of an entire century—1 think
the great American Republic will not very much
injure its dignity or its honor in that direction,
if it should allow to the commissioner who
shall contribute to this great result his personal
expenses. Nothing more than that is proposed
by this measure.
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 38, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona. Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Boutwell,
Brandeqee, Reader W. Clarke, Con Suing, Cullom,
Davis, lJawes, Dawson, Eliot, Griswold, Hart, Higby,
HolmeSjChestcr D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Ed-
win N. Hubbell, Bulburd, Jenckos, Julian, Kaason,
Kelley, Kelso, Ituykendall, Laflin, Latham. George
V. Lawrence, Longvear, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg,
McRuer, Mercur, Mil!'i\ Moiris, Myers, Newell'
Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Phelps, Pike
OI   O^U. C*, —   mi. _
field, and Woodbridge—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Baldwin, Benjamin, Brom-
well, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Denison, Dumout,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finek, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, John II. Hub-
bard, Kerr, Ketcham, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Marston,McCullough,McKee, Orth, Per ham, Plants,
Price, Ritter, Rollins, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Spalding, Stilwell, Trimble, Ward, and Henry I).
Washburn—S3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Barker, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boyer, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Chanler, Cof-
froth, Culver, Darling, Defrees, Delano. Doming,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Earquhar,
Ferry, Garfield, Glossbremier, Grider, Grinncll, Hale,
Harris, _Hayes, Henderson, Ilill llogan, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, A&ahel W. Hubbard, James It. Ilubbell,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Jones, Loan, Marshall, Melndoe, Moor-
head, Morrill, Moulton, Noell, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Badford, Samuel J. Randall, "William II. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander II.Rice, John H.Rice, Rogers,
Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Stiellabargcr, Smith,
Starr, Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trow-
bridge, XJpson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Warner. Elihu B. Washburnc, Yv'illiam B. Wash-
burn, Wentworth, Whaley, and Wright—80.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay op committee clerk.
Mr. KASSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures to
report the following resolution :
Hesolved, That the clerk of theCommittee on Coin-
age, Y/eights, and Measures bo allowed six dollars
per diem for the forty days during which he has been
employed as such.
The services of the gentleman who has acted
as the clerk of the committee have been ex-
ceedingly valuable. His time night and day
has been devoted exclusively to the work of
the committee. He is a gentleman coming
from New Haven, being a learned mathemat-
ical professor in the college at that place. Four
dollars per day, the usual compensation to a
committee clerk, would scarcely pay the hotel
bill of this gentleman, putting out of view his
traveling expenses.
On agreeing to the resolution, there were—
ayes 40, noes 30; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Kasson and
Bergex.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
I desire that gentlemen who are in favor of
increasing salaries at this time shall go on the
record.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. EGGLESTON asked leave of absence
for Mr. Hayes for ten days.
Leave was granted.
message from hie president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was delivered to the House
by Mr. Edward Cooper, his Private Secretary,
who also informed the House that the Presi-
dent had approved andgsigned bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles:
_ An act (H. II. No. 511) to impose a duty on
live animals;
An act (II. R. No. 397) to authorize the
coinage of five-cent pieces;
An act (H. R. No. 567) to amend an act to
establish the grade of vice admiral in the Uni-
ted States Navy; ■ *
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 06) relative to
the courts and post office of New York eity;
and
Joint resolution (H. R.. No. 180) relative to
the attempted assassination of the Emperor of
Russia.
