214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
Senate.
Funding of the National Debt—Mr. Sherman.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
to be free from State and local tax, and which
he might sell under par. Now, I did not wish
to admit for a moment, in the form of a law,
the possibility of any Secretary selling such a
boud even at par, and certainly not under par.
It was a cheapening of the public credit to pro-
vide for such a loan. And without renewing
the controversy, I ask, is it not better in legis-
lating on this important question, involving
$3,000,000,000, to put in the form of law and
on the face of the statute the terms and con-
ditions upon which your public agents shall sell
your bonds? It seems, so to me, and there-
fore, if this bill contained no new provisions, I
should think it important, and highly impor-
tant, that the terms finally agreed upon and
fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury, after
full consideration, should be embraced in the
form of law so as to be binding upon him and
his successors, so that no change should be
made without the consent of Congress. I do
not propose, however, nor do I ask the repeal
of that law, but I think that when the plan is
agreed upon, it should assume the form of
law, leaving, however, the general provisions
which passed a short time ago to stand to meet
emergencies and exigencies now unforeseen.
The further question which I now desire to
submit to the Senate is, whether this bill pre-
sents a plan by which these objects can be
accomplished. If it were left to my own hope-
ful view of things I would strike out two or
three clauses of this bill. -I would not extend
the exemption from taxation to the income
tax. 1 would preserve the form of our laws in
regard to the convertibility clause, vesting the
power in the United States to pay off this debt
after a certain time, say ten years. I would
insert a proviso which was in the old law of
1795, authorizing the United States to pay off
the principal. But the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who is to execute this law, is of opinion
that he cannot negotiate a five per cent, loan
upon these terms, and therefore he would not
undertake it, lie has the power under the gen-
eral law we have passed to negotiate a loan at
six per cent., or one at alcss rate, but he thought
ho could not negotiate a five per cent, loan
without additional legislation. I am not sure
of that. _ 1 believe that if you pass a bill of this
kind fixing the rate of interest at five per cent.,
with the general stipulations contained in this
bill, we shall be able, though perhaps with
some difficulty and after some time, to save the
one per cent, without giving any additional
benefits, lie thought not, however. The ques-
tion now is, not whether we shall give him this
law, but whether we shall compel him to issue
a six per cent, rather than a five per cent, loan,
unless we give him the terms and privileges
contained in this bill. If 1 was called upon to
prescribe the form, being probably a more hope-
ful man than he or many of those around me,
I would insist that the Government of the Uni-
ted States should not pay in any event over
five per cent, interest, and that a clean loan
should bo negotiated for that amount, and that
itshould be something like the ten-forty loan,
within easy conversion, so that if in ten years
we could negotiate a loan at a less rate of in-
terest we might have power to do it. But he
thought that in order to enable him to nego-
tiate a five per ccnt. loan lie must have two
provisions, one giving him authority to issue a
thirty-year loan, to postpone the payment of
the principal not to exceed thirty years; and
the oi her to exempt these securities from the
income tax of the United States.
Those were the two conditions upon which
he thought he could negotiate a five per cent,
loan. When I came to examine them, 1 found
that these two conditions could amount to but
very little loss. The income tax levied by the
United States now upon national securities
pays to us less than.one tenth of one per cent, of
the public debt. By the terms of the tax law
the holders of these bonds are compelled to
pay income as upon other property, but all the
bonds that are held by persons whose aggregate
income is less than $600 go free of tax; all
the bonds that are held abroad are free of tax;
ail the bonds that are held by banks, insurance
companies, and corporations are held free from
this income tax. No corporation pays an in-
come tax; the income tax is levied only upon
individuals. The result is that the bonds of
the United States, you may say the great mass
of them, are held in such a way that they pay
no incomc tax. The Secretary says:
"If you will surrender tho trifling amount you col-
lect from incomes derived from Government securi-
ties, I may be enabled to save you one sixth of all
the interest paid upon the public debt."
When that proposition was made, it seemed
to me perfectly obvious that we ought to adopt
it. There is another reason. The income tax
is, in its nature, temporary. There is scarcely
a doubt but what that income tax will disap-
pear like many of the other taxes in a short
period of time. The time, in my judgment, is
not far distant when a tax on a few articles of
luxury will pay the interest on the public debt
and pay our expenses. I have no doubt we
shall go through the same process of legisla-
tion that our ancestors did after the war of the
Revolution, and as those who went before us
did after the war of 1812. All these taxes will
disappear in a short period of time, and per-
haps a tax on whisky and tobacco and on
imported goods, a few simple taxes, with per-
haps the income tax added, may be able to
pay tho interest on the public debt and the
expenses of the Government. Therefore the
only question was whether we should surrender
this small matter in order to accomplish a great
object. It seems to me we ought to do it. If
the Secretary of the Treasury can go to work
and negotiate this loan by surrendering this
small income tax, and thus effect a saving of
interest equivalent to twenty per cent, of all
the interest paid by the United States, it is
certainly a very good bargain, and it does not
require a very shrewd man to see it.
The other provision was that there ought, to
be a fixed period before which the principal
should not be paid. That was a point upon
which I myself long hesitated; and I agreed
to it for this reason, and it is a very obvious
one if Senators will apply their minds to it:
but a very small portion of the public debt
can be converted now into a five per cent. loan.
Why? Because but a small portion of it is
due. The holders of the seven-thirties will
avail themselves of their privilege to convert
them into five-twenties. There is not very
much pressing upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, but whatever it is, he must pay it, and he
must issue some form of loan, and the only
question is whether it shall be a five per cent.
or a six per cent. If you do not pass this bill
he is compelled to issue a six per cent, loan
because he cannot negotiate any other. He
says he cannot, and that is the general judg-
ment;. It is the general judgment of gentle-
men who oppose this bill that he cannot nego-
tiate a five per cent, loan of any kind even
with this bill, and therefore that he will be
compelled to issue a six per cent.
The very fact that he is not compelled to
borrow a largo sum of money enables him to
go into the market now like a rich man who
has a boundless inheritance, a large estate, on
which he wants to borrow a very small sum
of money ; he can get it on good terms, but
he says he cannot get it unless the payment of
the principal is postponed for twenty or thirty
years. Suppose he does issue two hundred
million or five hundred million five per cent,
bonds under this bill; the objection is that we
may want to pay off the principal sooner.
Surely we would pay off the six per cent, bonds
first, and we cannot expect to pay off all this
enormous debt within thirty years. All the
bonds that he could probably issue within ayear
or two wouM fall very far short of the amount
that would still remain unpaid under the most
favorable circumstances in thirty years from
this time. Next year, after he has established
a five per cent, loaa under this bill, it may be
that he can go into the market and get a better
loan still, a better bond, on more favorable
terms, and thus reduce the rate of interest on
the balance of the debt as it matures. I have
no doubt he can do it.
I now come to consider an objection to this
bill made with a good deal of force, especially
by my Democratic friends, that the loans of
the United States are exempt from State tax-
ation. Although this is a very important ques-
tion, it has never been disctissed in the Sen-
ate, and I think that unless Senators have
been required to examine the decisions of the
courts of the United States, they probably
have not seen how far the courts have gone
in settling this question. T lay it down as a
premise that in the absence of all stipulations
about taxation in a law, no State can tax a
Government security; it is entirely inconsist-
ent with the supreme power of the national
Government to borrow money. This questios
is settled more clearly than almost any ques-
tion of constitutional law which has ever been
mooted in this Government. The first case
involving it that came before the Supreme
Court of the United States was the celebrated
case of McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland, in
which the principle was decided that no tax
could be levied by a State upon any agent
employed by the national Government in the
execution of its vested powers. That case,
however, did not roach the particular point
that I am now discussing, but subsequently the
case of Weston vs. The City Council of Charles-
ton arose in 1829, and is reported in 2 Peters,
page 440, and upon the very point now in dis-
cussion. Chief Justice Marshall was still
upon the bench, the same judge who had de-
cided the case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland. The city of Charleston, under the
authority of a law of the State of South Caro-
lina, levied a tax upon bonds of the United
States held by a citizen of Charleston. The
question was submitted to the supreme court
of the State of South Carolina, and it was de-
cided there by a majority that the State had a
right to tax a Government security or the in-
come derived from it, A dissenting opinion
was given by one of the judges of that court
which is highly creditable to him, and I think
presents the case very clearly. I will read a
short extract from that opinion before I read
anything from the decision of Chief Justice
Marshall. This case arose at the beginning
of the nullification crusade, and the very prin-
ciples subsequently involved in the contest
through which we have recently passed were
then under discussion in South Carolina.
Judge Huger, in giving his dissenting opin-
ion, said:
"I am unwilling, on so important a question,
merely to express my dissent from the judgment of
the court. It is now for the first time agitated, and
ought to be fully discussed, that it might, be better
understood. It affects the use of a power, as essen-
tial to the General Government in periods of diffi-
culty and danger, as any otherwhieh the people have
delegated to it. If the city council of Charleston
can tax the stock of the United States, co nomine,
the States can; and if the States can, it is impossible
not to perceive that the fiscal operations of the Gen-
eral Government may be completely frustrated by
the States. It will be in vain for Congress to pass
acts authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
borrow money, if the holders of their stock can be
taxed for having done so by the States. Congress
may offer ten per cent, for loans, but who will lend,
if the States can appropriate tlie whole to their own
use?"
He then proceeds to show that the power to
tax at all involves the power in the States to
nullify by taxation the power of the national
Government to borrow money, and says:
"No Government, not revolutionary, has ever
attempted to tax its own stock, and, among others,
tor two very satisfactory reasons:
. . Because such a tax must necessarily operate
irijunously upon all future loans; and
2. Because there is in fact a violation of contract
ln(.Tr an(I therefore immoral and impolitic.
Under the influence of these reasons, the J
