1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. Allow me to add
the following proceedings of the Board of Trade
of Buffalo, Now York:
Board op Trade Rooms. Central Wharf,
Buffalo, New York, March 13,1866.
Extract/row minutes of meet in o of members of the Board
. of Trade, held this morning.
" The following resolution was passed unanimously:
"Resolved, That in view of the considerations con-
tained in the report of the arbitration committee of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York,
dated February 2,1805, and found on page 76 of tho
proceedings of that body for that year, and also of the
like considerations contained in the report of Ezra
Farnsworth, "William Claflin, and Hamilton A. Hill,
which has recently been adopted by the Boston Board
of Trade, recommending the passage by Congress of
tho bankrupt bill now before the House ot Repre-
sentatives, this board do concur in such recommenda-
tions, and respectfully urge the enactmentof said bill
during the present session."
WILLIAM TIIURSTONE,
Secretary.
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw the amendment.
The Cleric proceeded with the reading of the
.bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend section
thirty-five, in line two, by striking out ■"six"
and inserting " fourso as to make it conform
to other amendments.
Also, in line eleven, after the word "thereby"
to insert the words "or by such attachment;"
so as to relieve the section of ambiguity.
Also, in line thirteen, after the word "such"
and before the word "payment" to insert- the
word ''attachment."
The foregoing amendments were agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend section
thirty-eight, by striking out in lines three and
four the words "or the issuing of' and in-
serting the words "upon which" in lieu there-
of; and in line four, afterthe word "order," by
inserting the words " may be issued."
Also, in line five by striking out the word
"forty," leaving the word "four." It is a
misprint.
The foregoing amendments were agreed to.
Mr. .1ENCKKS. 1 move to amend section
forty-one by adding at the end thereof the
words " and the respondent shall recover his
costs."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 move to amend section
forty-six in line fourteen, by striking out llie
words "to be imprisoned" and inserting in-
stead thereof the words "by imprisonment."
The. amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the
forty-seventh section by adding at the end
thereof the following:
Or from mlueinp: the fees prescribed in this pec-
tion in elaKrierf of to be named in their rules und
Order.
So that the paragraph will read :
Tho enumeration of tho foregoing fees shall not
prevent the eonniiisaioners, who shall 1'uxnie gonoru.1
rules and orders in aecordancc with the provisions
of set tion twel ve, from preseribmg a taritl'of fees for
all other serriees of' tho office™ of courts of bank-
rupted', or liom reducing the fees prescribed in this
section in ellis,ses ot eases to bo named in their rules
and order.
'there are some persons who, if this bill goes
into effect, will have to sue in the form of
•paupers, having no property, and possibly no
friends ; persons who may 111 some Stales lie
imprisoned for debt. In such cases, special
rules should be made so that tho fees should
not he excessive. The fees provided by this
bill may stand for all cases in which there are
estates of the bankrupts. They provide a fund
for the payment of the register, without whose
services this law could hardly be carried into
effect. This amendment gives the commis-
sioner power to reduce them and provide for
certain classes of cases, so that the provisions
of the act shall not be a bin'den upon them,
and relief shall not be denied them on account
of poverty.
1 do this also preliminary to a motion to strike
out the next section.
Mr. HOLMES. I am not quite satisfied to
leave these fees as they are. While this pro-
vis'on permits the commissioner or judge to
reduce them it does not impose any such obli-
gation upon him, but leaves them to be paid,
unless the judge sees fit to reduce them.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will look
back to the section providing for the establish-
ment of rules and orders, he will see that it puts
it entirely in the power of the commissioner to
prescribe equitable rulesforthe different classes
of cases, which I see no way of providing for
by the act itself. •
Mr. HOLMES. I would ask the gentleman
whether these allowances for every day's service
in section forty-seven, can be made on the same
occasion when they are performing this service.
Mr. JENCKES. That is prescribed by the
rule. It is not for the register or commissioner
to say what is a day's service, but the general
rule to bo established by the court under the
authority of the Supreme Court of the United
States shall prescribe what it shall be'.
Mr. HOLMES. The gentleman does not un-
derstand my question. Here are certain ser-
vices for which t.liey are paid a satisfactory fee.
Now, can they, in addition to that, have a per
diarn allowance? For instance, on the day
they issue a warrant, or perform any other ser-
vice, can they also be paid a per diemt
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir. For every day's
service while actually employed under the spe-
cial order of the court, the court shall define
what the duty shall be. For instance, in the
district in which the gentleman lives the judge
sends a register to Ogdensburg. He will de-
fine in the order sending him there what he
shall be paid—whether a per diem, or other-
wise—and not allow the officer himself to in-
crease his own fee.
Mr. HOLMES. I prefer to offer an amend-
ment, by moving to strike out "five dollars"
in the forty-seventh section, line seven, and
inserting " two dollars ;" so that it will read:
For issuing every warrant, two dollars.
I think that is ample compensation.
Mr. DAVIS. J move to amend by inserting
'HUrec dollars."
Tho amendment of Mr. Davis was not
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Holmes was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Jkxckeh, to add to
the seetion as? above, was also agreed to.
Mr. J ENCIvES. 1 now move to strike out
section forty-eight.
Tho section was read, as follows:
Sko. 4K. And be it further enacted, That the follow-
ing st«>ini> duties shall bo paid, and stamps to the
several values bo affixed to the papers in each of the
several proceedings', in bankruptcy as follows, to be
prepaid in every caso by the petitioner:
Upon every debtor's petition, ten dollars.
Upon every creditor's petition, twenty dollars.
Upon every warrant to messenger, two dollars.
Upon every messenger's notice by mail, ten cents.
Upon every messengers notice by advertisement,
fiflv cents.
Upon every assignment, three dollars.
Upon every order tor meeting ot creditors, two
dollars.
Upon every order for dividend, two dollars.
Upon every petition to vacate proceedings, five
dollars.
Upon every citation to debtor, twenty-five ccnts.
Upon every other citation, warrant, and summons,
in the course ot proceedings, twenty-five cents.
Upon ovory discharge of a bankiupt, five dollars.
The motion to strike out the foregoing sec-
tion was agreed to.
The last section was read, as follows:
Src. 61. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall commence and take effect as to the appoint-
ment of the olliceis created hereby, and the promul-
gation of rules and general orders, from and afterthe
date of its approval: Provided, That no petition or
other proceeding under this act shall be filed, re-
ceived, or commenced before the 1st day of Septem-
ber, A. D. 1860.
Mr. MILLER. I move to strike out "Sep-
tember," and insert "January,1' and also
strike out the last word "six" and make it
"seven ; " so that it shall read, " the 1st day
of January, A. D. 1867."
Mr. JENCKES. I hope not. If the gen-
tleman will substitute "November" for "Sep-
tember," 1 will not object.
Mr. MILLER. Very well; I so modify my
amendment.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I now move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JENCKES. The vote may be taken to-
morrow, immediately after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to fixing a time for taking the vote.
The SPEAKER. Then it will come up im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. JENCKES. That will give me an hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. You can
take your hour.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that tho session of this evening be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
"Mr. JENCKES. I move- that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &o., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate commitfcecs:
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of La Q. Raw-
son, Sawles Birchard, and t>0 others, business men of
Fremont, Ohio, praying that Congress will enact such
just and equal laws for the regulation of inter-State
insurances of all kinds as may be effectual in estab-
lishing the greatesUeourity for the interests protected
by policies, and for tho good of all conccrncd.
By Mr. DENNY: The memorial of the Legislature
of Washington Territory, asking an appropriation to
aid in building a road from Walla Walla to Seattle.
Also, a memorial, asking an appropriation to im-
prove the road from Olympia to Montioello.
Also, a memorial in relation tocommon-schoollands
in Washington Territory,
Also, a memorial respecting a codification of the
laws ot Washington Territory.
Also, a memorial relating to the election of Federal
officers in the Territory of Washington.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Rev. W. Wright,
L. D. llarvcy, and 00 others, of Lake Superior,,Michi-
gan, asking Congress to so regulate duties on imports
as to protect the workingmen of the fcountry.
Bv Mr. EOKLEY: The petition of 240 wool-growers
of Stark and Columbiana counties, Ohio, asking an
additional duty on wool.
Also, the petition and accompanying papers of
George M. Mcll, for compensation for property taken
and damages done to his property by the Army of the
United States and the enemies of the Government
during the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The memorial of the Cham-
ber ot Commerce, of the city of Cincinnati, protest-
ing against the building of a canal around the falls
of Niagara bv the Government..
By Mr. FARNSWORT1I: The petition of W. A.
Whiting, and others, of Hampshire, Kane county,
Illinois, for increase of tariff on wool.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 34 citizens of
Trumbull county, Ohio, asking for the passage of an
act to regulate insurance companies.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The petition
of 67citizens ofDanbury and Ridgefield, Connecticut,
praying for the enactment of just and equal laws for
the regulation ot inter-State insurances.
By Mr. JIUBBARi), of West Virginia: The petition
of 92 person5?, wool growers, and others, citizens of
Brooke county, West Virginia, asking an increased
rate of duty on wool of foreign growth.
By Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: A petition for boun-
ties to volunteer soldiers.
Also, the petition for reduction of revenue tax on
insurance companies.
ByMr.INGERSOLL: The memorial of citizens of
Henry county, Illinois, in favor of the colonization of
the negro population of thctiouth in Mexico or some
foreign country or in some territory within the juris-
diction of the United States.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of J. A. Hardoe and
others, citizens of Redwood, Jefferson county. New
York, in favor of joint and equal laws for the estab-
lishment of inter-State insurance of all kinds.
By Mr. ME11CUR: The petition of 30 citizens of
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying that no
State lately in rebellion shall be restored as a gov-
erning partner in the Union till adequate security
has been obtained against a renewal ot its attempt to
secede.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of N. G. Hichborn, of
Maine, for amendment of tonnage law.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of Clinton
county, Iowa, asking forthe regulation of inter-Stato
insurances of all kinds.
By Mr. SLOAN: The petition of James D. Rcy-
raert, late receiver of public funds at United States
land office St. Croix Fall.
Also, the claim of James and Emma Cameron, of
Chattanooga. Tennessee.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of several citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, asking for the incor-
poration of a national institution of learning.
By Mr, UPSON: The memorial of the Common
Council of the village of Albion, Calhoun county.
Michigan, praying for an extension of the land grant
to the State of Michigan for a railroad from Amboy,
via Lansing, to Traverse Bay, in said State.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of the county clerk,
and 53 others, prominent citizens of Steuben county.
