1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8615
of' tliis question of loyalty? I venture to say
that I can pick out three men in this Senate
who would constitute a tribunal whose judg-
ment 011 the question of loyalty under this law
would appropriate millions of dollar!? more out
of the public Treasury than the judgment of
three other men whom I could pick out in this
Senate to constitute a similar tribunal for judg-
ment upon such questions, and not because
there was any difference in the merits of the
claims, but because there are certain men here
who regard loyalty as one thing, and certain
other men who regard loyalty as another and
a different thing.
I do not know who the Quartermaster Gen-
eral may be and what his views may be upon
the question of loyalty. I have heard south-
ern men complain of those people who claim
to have been loyal men during this war, and
say that many of them were property-holders,
men of influence in the South; they agitated
the question of secession, they fired up the
southern mind, and when the collision of arms
came, when they had inveigled the poor and
the ignorant into the war, then they stood back
in order to protect and preserve their property
and took no part; they were Union men when
it was to their advantage to be Union men, and
rebels when the safety of their persons and
property required them to be rebels; and they
preserved that state of neutrality through the
war while their dupes were fighting the battles
of the rebellion; and since the rebellion is
overcome they, because they did not bear arms,
because they did not go into the ranks of the
war, come forward now and claim it as a pecu-
liar merit that they are the Union men of the
South.
Now, sir, I think it is a question yet to be
determined which class of men in the southern
States is the more reliable, which class of men
are those who are more willing to submit to
the authority and acquiesce in the control of
the Federal Government—those who remained
at home, skulked all responsibility, who were
one thing or another thing as circumstances
required, or those men who went into the bat-
tle-field and experienced all the hardships and
sufferings and calamities of this war, and know
something of what it costs to fight against the
Government of the United States. I suppose
that the men whose property was protected in
this way by this sort of neutrality are the men
who are to obtain the advantages of this bill,
while poor men who were misled by these lead-
ers of public opinion there, who were induced
to go into the war and carry arms, are to be
excluded from its benefits, and if any of their
property was taken they are not to have any
advantages under this bill. Now, sir, I ques-
tion whether those men who were able to say
that they were loyal during the war are entitled
more to the protection of the Government than
this other class of men, and I doubt very much
whether they are entitled to more credit, under
any circumstances, or favor at the hands of
this Government.
Here is a class of eases to be referred to the
Quartermaster General; then there is another
class of cases to be referred to the Commissary
General, and parties are to appear before these
respective officers with their claims, and they
are to establish their loyalty. Now, how is
that loyalty to be established? Suppose a man
comes to the quartermaster from the State of
Mississippi, in what way is he to prove his loy-
alty? Can it be proved in any other way ex-
cept by the production of affidavits? Will any-
body be able to testify as to the loyalty of that
man except his neighbors, those who were ac-
quainted with him during the war? And they
will testify on that subject according to their
views of loyalty ; and they will swear, and they
may be conscientious in it, that in their opinion
this man was a loyal man because he may have
before the commencement of hostilities ex-
pressed his opposition to the rebellion ; but he
was coerced, it will be (ilaimed; a draft was
ordered ; there was a military force organized
to impress men into the rebel service, and he
was compelled either by actual force or the
fear of actual compulsion to go into the rebel-
lion ; and in that way a case can be made out
of loyalty on the part of the claimant. This
man has a claim against the Government, and
his neighbor has a similar claim. The thing
may be arranged and understood there among
different persons who have claims against the
Government. I do not wish to make any whole-
sale charges against these people; I do not
wish to say that they are more inclined to per-
jury than other people; but we know that there
is a very large number of persons in that sec-
tion of country who are enemies of the Govern-
ment and regard it as lawful, under the circum-
stances, for them, if possible, to indemnify
themselves for the injuries which they say this
Government inflicted upon them while they
were trying to defend their rights, and we must
e'xpect that that feeling will have more or less
influence upon the judgment and the opinions
of those men.
I say, therefore,. Mr. President, that not-
withstanding"this bill seems pretty carefully
drawn, the difficulty is inherent in the case,
and I am afraid that if Congress now by this
bill puts the adjustment of all these claims,
which are innumerable and which amount to
millions, beyond its control it will have occa-
sion hereafter to regret it. I know it will be
•a great relief to Congress, and particularly to
the Committee of Claims, to have all this busi-
ness transferred to the Departments and to the
Court of Claims. I find that from the provis-
ions of this bill the large claims are to be sub-
mitted to the Court of Claims. The evidence
before that tribunal must consist of deposi-
tions taken in the southern States where these
people reside. I do not suppose that it is ex-
pected that witnesses will come before the
court and orally testify upon the subject; but
the evidence will be taken by depositions; and
any lawyer who has had any considerable ex-
perience or practice knows that it is very un-
safe to depend upon depositions for evidence,
because you cannot make the witness appear
upon the paper, and he may concoct a story,
and he may be shrewd enough to avoid a cross-
examination which would expose the falsity of
that story, when the whole effect of his testi-
mony will be to produce a false impression.
These judges are not allowed to go beyond the
record; they must take the depositions, and
they must be controlled by those depositions
and by the preponderance of evidence as it
appears upon the papers. Now, there is in-
formation abroad in this country that is of
great value in passing upon these questions
that cannot be allowed to reach the ears of a
judge, that cannot be received by a court of
justice—information that is satisfactory to any
reasonable mind, at the same time that it does
not come in the shape of lawful evidence to be
submitted to a court of justice; and we, in ad-
justing these claims, ought to be in a situation
where we can avail ourselves of this informa-
tion, whatever it may be.
While I do not wish to bo understood as say-
ing that I am opposed to the paymen.t of all
claims that may originate in the southern
States, while I am ready to concede that cases
may arise there where the person whose prop-
erty has been taken should be indemnified, yet
I think there may be cases where it requires
the examination of persons whose loyalty is
of a certain complexion; and 1 would much
rather that Congress would appoint a special
commission of persons whose views and opin-
ions upon that subject are known and can be
depended upon to act on these questions than
to refer them to those persons whose views and
opinions and feelings are not known.
There is a great difference of opinion, as is
generally supposed, between the executive de-
partment and Congress on that point; and I
suppose if the executive department was to pass
upon questions arising under this bill, many
more millions of money would be allowed than
would be allowed by the majority in Congress,
because there is a difference of opinion as to
what was or was not loyal. At present, until
there are further developments, until T have
more light on this subject, I am determined to
vote to retain the control of the subject in Con-
gress. I am not disposed to be illiberal or vin-
dictive ; I am willing to be kind and generous to
these people ; I am willing to do everything I
can to promote their material interests. I have
only one point to make against them, and that is
that, in my judgment, it is not safe at this time
to put the political power of this country in
their hands; but whatever I can do to promote
their material interests I am willing to do.
I do not take this position from any vindic-
tive or illiberal spirit toward these people, but
because I regard it as unsafe at this time, now
upon the very heel of the rebellion, before pub-
lic opinion is settled, before we fully under-
stand the circumstances of these people at this
particular time, to pass this bill and commit
Congress to the payment of all ttese claims.
This bill is more important in my judgment
as a precedent than it is in its effect upon these
particular claims. We are informed that with
this bill is another bill that is now lying upon
our tables to pay loyal claimants for all prop-
erty that was destroyed by General Sheridan
in his celebrated and effective raid through
the Shenandoah valley. Pass this bill, and it
seems to me, the argument possesses great force
and cogency that if you pay a loyal^mau for
property which an officer took in the prose*
cution of this war, why not pay a loyal man
for property which an officer destroyed in the
prosecution of this war? And so if you take
this step, the next step will be to pay for the
destruction of the property of loyal men in
the southern States; and I do not know but
that it may be followed up finally by an argu-
ment in favor of paying the loyal men of the
South for the slaves that were taken during the
prosecution of the war. It is urged by a large
minority of the people of this country at this
time that.loyal men are entitled to be paid
for their slaves taken in the prosecution of this
war, because they were not responsible for the
rebellion ; their slaves were their property;
that property was taken away from them with-
out any wrong on their part, and therefore the
Government ought to indemnify them. I am
afraid of the first step in this direction, and I
think we should take that step with great care
and with great caution. We maybe compelled
to take it; but I do not believe the time has
now come when we ought to take this step in
this direction—a step that seems to me to be -
going to the full extent of committing our-
selves, not only to the payment of these claims,
but to the payment of the loyal men of the
South for what they suffered during this rebel-
lion.
Sir, you can never pay the loyal men of the
North for what they have suffered in the sup-
pression of this rebellion. Can you pay the
father whose son sleeps beneath the southern
soil for the loss of that son? We must be very
particular to pay a southern man—perhaps a
man who helped to fan the flame oftliis south-
ern rebellion, who helped to plunge the coun-
try into the abyss of civil war—for a mule or
ahorse or anything that was taken by the Fed-
eral Army in the prosecution of the war; but
how can we ever pay the innocent people of
the North who lost their fathers and their broth-
ers and their sons in their efforts to suppress
this rebellion? That people should lose in war
is one of its unavoidable calamities; but we
who bore the burden of the war, it seems to
me, ought not now to undertake fully and com-
pletely to indemnify the South for all it suffered
until we can in some way indemnify the North
for what it expended of blood and treasure in
its efforts to suppress this rebellion.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I think this
is one of the most interesting questions that
the Senate has been called upon to consider,
if not one of the most important. There are
two or three things I wish, to say about it be-
fore the vote is taken. First, I wish to say in
allusion to the remarks* that have just been
submitted by the Senator from Oregon, that if
there has been any war between the North and
the Sonr.li I have not heard of it. If there had
