1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
215
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Funding of the National Debt—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
lature of this State has refused to tax the stoclt of the
United States; but it appears that the city council
of Charleston have thought differently, and hare
taxed it." * h * *
"If they can do so at all, they may do so to any
extent; it is equally within their powerto tax twenty
per cent, or one hundred per cent, as one half per
cent. What shall govern their discretion it is impos-
sible to foresee. A State or a few States may concur
in a policy at variance with that of the Government,
nay, in hostility to it. This, unfortunately, has been
already witnessed."
He prophesies the very case that occurred a
few years afterward in that State :
"They may, indeed, be indisposed to dissolve the
Union and declare war, when they might have no
objection to counteract Congress, and control its
measures by the exercise of a power strictly consti-
tutional. Seven tenths of the stocks of the United
States are owned in the cities of Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Charleston."
And then he proceeds to discuss the power
of cities and States to tax the Government
stock, and shows that if it were conceded, the
single State of New York might have it in its
power to destroy the Government of the Uni-
ted States by preventing it from borrowing
money. The case was brought up to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, where it was
elaborately discussed by Mr. Hayne and Mr.
Legare, then among the ablest counsel in the
country. I will read from the decision of Chief
Justice Marshall:
" This brings us to the main question. Is the stock
issued for loans made to the Government of the United
States liable to be taxed by States and corporations ?
"Congress has power 'to borrow money on the
credit of the United States.' The stock it issues is
the evidence of a debt created by the exercise of this
power. Tho tax in question is a tax upon the con-
tract subsisting between the Government and the
individual. It bears directly upon that contract
while subsisting and in full force. The power operates
upon the contract the instant it is framed, and must
imply a right to affect that contract.
If the States and corporations throughout tho
Union possess tho power to tax a contract for the
loan of money what shall arrest this principle in its
application to every other contract? What measure
can Government adopt which will not be exposed to
its influence? But it is unnecessary to pursue this
principle through its diversified application to all
the contracts and to the various operations of Gov-
ernment. No one can be selected which is of more
vital interest to (ho community than this of borrow-
ing money on tho credit of the United States. No
power has been conferred by the American people
on their Government, the free and unburdened exer-
cise of which more deeply effects every member of
our llepublic. In war, when the honor, the safety,
the independence of the nation are to be defended,
when all its resources are to bo strained to the
utmost, credit must be brought in aid of taxation,
and the abundant revenue of peace and prosperity
must be anticipated to supply the exigences, the
urgent demands of the moment."
Then he goes on to discuss the question at
great length, and comes to the conclusion, in
which the court was unanimous, that in the
absence of all stipulation on the subject no
State could be allowed to tax a Government
security, simply because to do so would enable
the States to destroy the power of the national
Government, prevent it from prosecuting war,
and from maintaining the authority of the Uni-
ted States. This principle has never been
controverted and never been doubted by' any
judge ou the bench of the Supreme Court of
the United States. It has been acquiesced
in by every judge who has sat upon that
bench. It has never since been controverted
by any State of the Union. It has never been
attempted by any party in the Union to set
aside that decision. This exemption is so
clear a principle of constitutional law, in my
judgment, that it "cannot be assailed or gain-
said. The same question was again brought
before the Supreme Court of the United States
in a case from the State of Pennsylvania, when
Chief Justice Taney sat upon the bench—the
case of Dobbins vs. The Commissioners of
Erie county. The court again reaffirmed the
same principle, referring to this case, repeating
it, and applying this doctrine to a tax levied by
the State of' Pennsylvania on a Government
officer. Again the question was brought before
the Supreme Court of tho United States dur-
ing the recent war, in a case reported in 2
Black—the case of tho Bank of Commerce vs.
The Tax Commissioners of New York city,
where the opinion was given by Mr. Justice
Nelson. The question arose there as to the
power of the State of New York to tax Gov-
ernment securities in the possession of the
Bank of Commerce, a corporation of that State,
and the Supreme Court unanimously decided
that a tax could not be levied in any form,
from the very nature of the case, on a Govern-
ment security. It should be remembered, too,
that up to the time of this last decision no pro-
vision had been contained in any loan law ex-
pressly declaring that the Government securi-
ties should be exempt from State and local
taxation. It was decided upon the general
principle involved, and without regard to any
stipulation made by Congress. This last de-
cision was in 1862, and it was that winter, for
the first time, that we put in tho stipulation in
one of our loan laws. The question was asked,
why put in this stipulation if the law was so
clear? The answer was just as conclusive, that
as we were compelled to borrow money it was
important to inform in the most authentic man-
ner all who chose to loan it, of their rights
and privileges under the Constitution. No
doubt many a man, upon the faith of the direct
pledge of Congress, superadded to the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court, loaned us his money
in time of war, when he would not have done
it if it was to be subject to local taxation.
I might add, if it was necessary to add to
these authorities, that the same question was
up again during the last term, and again de-
cided in the same way, in the case I now hold
in my hand. This case was the taxation by
the State of New York of the shares~of a na-
tional bank; and a majority of the court drew
a distinction between a tax upon a share in the
bank and a tax upon a Government security,
and they also based their decision upon the ex-
press declaration of Congress that these shares
should be taxed. The Chief Justice, however,
and Judge Wayne and Judge Swayne differed,
and held that from the nature of the security
itself, in any form or shape tho Government
security could not be taxed. The majority of
the court drew the distinction between the
shares in the bank and the bonds held by the
bank, and allowed the shares to be taxed. In
my judgment, such was the intent of Congress.
It was a subject that was very much discussed
and mooted here at the lime, and although I
was opposed to the tax, yet it was finally car-
ried. The distinction made by the court was
taken by Senators that the taking of shares in
a bank was a reinvestment of the funds and a
change of the form of security.
I say, then, that no Senator should vote
against this bill, or any bill of a similar char-
| acter, on the idea that it is not now wise to
exempt Government securities from State tax-
ation. That is the settled principle of consti-
tutional law, whether it is put in your laws or
not; and the only question is whether by omit-
ting to put it in you will give the lenders the
power to make a better bargain with you.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has the Senator any
doubt of our power to provide specifically that
it shall be subject?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that
Congress may, as a part of the contract, and
before the loan is issued, say that the States
J may tax the security. But, Mr. President,
] what effect would that have ? Could you sell
' such bonds? Would you allow the southern
! States now to tax Government securities?
! Would you allow them to have the power over
I your public credit which would be involved in
] their power to destroy the income from Gov-
| ernment securities, because, as Judge Iluger
i says in the first decision made, if you give them
the power to tax one mill you cannot restrain
! it? No, sir, the contract between the United
I States and all the citizens of the world is a con-
I tract higher than any imposition levied by a
j State, and we ought no more to tolerate the
I idea of levying tax upon the securities of the
j United States except by the United States it-
self, lhan Great Britain would allow any for-
eign Power to levy in Great Britain a tax on
British securities.
It must be remembered that by express pro-
vision inserted in all the acts passed during the
recent war United States bonds are exempt
from State taxation. All the debt now out-
standing is thus exempt. Even the bonds is-
sued under the recent acts will be so exempt.
Suppose you follow the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Maine and refuse in this bill to so
exempt a bond bearing but five per cent, inter-
est, or, as he suggests, actually provide that
they shall be taxable. Who would buy them?
Who would surrender their present securities?
How could you fund your debt? No device
could be more perfect to continue the present
high rates of interest. And what good would
result to State or nation? None whatever.
The State conjd not tax the present bonds, and
the holders would not take your new ones. The
only way is to stand by tho inviolability of our
bonds as declared by the Supreme Court and
upheld by every party or President to this
time.
I now wish to meet the argument so often
and forcibly made that it is unjust to exempt
UnitedStates securities from local taxes. And,
sir, I admit that if this is regarded as a privi-
lege to the holder it is indefensible ; but it is the
privilege of the Government, not of the fund-
holder. It is tho supreme power of the whole
people to borrow money on the most favorable
terms that is taxed and limited by a tax in
the contract. Such an exemption is only jus-
tifiable on the ground that it enables the (jov-
ernment to borrow money on better terms. In
the contract of borrowing the lender considers
the rate of interest, the security of the prin-
cipal, and the burdens of taxation. If no
taxes are to be deducted from his interest and
the principal is absolutely sure and easily con-
vertible into money, he is willing to part with
his money at a low rate of interest. This is
the reason of the exemption, and the Govern-
ment is presumed to receive the taxes in the
more favorable terms of the loan.
But, sir, when the tax-payer sees that the
Government is paying a higher rate of interest
than the law allows to a citizen, the exemption
will be felt to be wrong. With the present rate
of interest there will be a constantly growing
jealousy between the bond-holder and tax-
payer. The latter will complain that his prop-
erty is burdened with all the expense of Gov-
ernment while his neighbor enjoys his full
income free from all burdens. This feeling is
founded upon so clear a sense of what is right
that no wise legislator will disregard it. It is
true that a contract once made cannot be vio-
lated whether it costs much or little. Public
faith demands an exact and specific perform-
ance, but an adjustment of this difficult problem
ought to be made that will, while it preserves
intact the rightful power of the Government to
borrow money free from local taxes, require
property in the funds to aid in the support of
the Government. I have shown that this can-
not be done with safety to the United States by
allowing States to tax our securities. Two other
modes have been suggested: first, to tax directly
by act of Congress the public securities at a
rate equal to local taxation; and secondly, to
reduce the rate of interest.
A proposition has been made by Mr. Hayes,
one of our tax commissioners, to levy a direct
tax on all United States bonds held in this
country of one per cent, on the principal of
the bond, or to reserve one sixth of the interest
payable on a six per cent. bond. Such a tax
applied to our present securities would be a
breach of public faith. Congress may have the
power to do it—using the word power in its
unrestricted sense—but it would be unjust, a
fraud upon our creditors, and would forever
impair our public credit. It is an indirect
violation of a contract made in good faith. It
