1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2655
. UNIFORM BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. JENCKES, from the select committee
oil a bankrupt law, reported a bill to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the -United States; which was read a first and
second time.
' The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JENCKES. The bill which was re-
ferred to the select committee on bankrupt law,
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Coxkling,] was the bill that was
formerly reported by that committee, without
any of the amendments ingrafted upon it during
its consideration by this House.
The bill now reported is the bill originally
reported as amended in the House, with some
other amendments to meet the objections then
made to it. With the permission of the House
I will briefly explain what those additional
amendments are, and take up no time in ex-
plaining the other portions of the bill, as the
bill has already been fully discussed with these
exceptions.
The principal of the amendments now pro-
posed is one relating to the duties of the officers
styled messengers. By the original bill, in cases
of voluntary bankruptcy, these messengers were
required to take possession of the property bo-
longing to the bankrupt, and retain it until the
appointment of the assignee. By the bill as
now reported, these messengers have no.such
duties to perform with regard to the property
of the petitioner. The custody of the property
remains in the possession of the petitioner until
an assignee is regularly appointed by the court,
when ho takes possession of it and has full and
final control over it. The responsibility of the
care and custody therefore remains with the
bankrupt, as the owner of the property, in the
intervening time. As a check upon any waste
of the property in the mean time, or of any dis-
position of it adverse to the provision of the
law, the bankrupt is required to satisfy the
court, and of course to satisfy the creditors,
who watch over the proceedings until the dis-
charge is granted, that he has made no such
waste or fraudulent disposition of his property,
before ho can obtain his discharge.
Mr. CONKLINGr. We are very anxious on
this side to hear what the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] is saying, but at
present we are unable to do so. I would sug-
gest to him, therefore, that lie take a place
nearer the center of the Hall, so that wo can
hear him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Conkling]
will not insist upon the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jexckes] going over to that side of
the House to make his speech. We very rarely
have an opportunity to hoar what is going on
upon that side, or taking any part in the busi-
ness of the House, however much we may desire
it, and I trust we shall not bo denied the pleas-
ure of hearing the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jexckes] on this occasion.
Mr. JENCKES. If the House were more
quiet I could easily be heard in all parts of the
Hall.'
Mr. Speaker, the whole of this explanation
way be summed up in one sentence. The
duties of these messengers are dispensed with
in all eases of voluntary bankruptcy. The
responsibility thrown upon them by the bill as
originally reported is now thrown upon the
petitioning debtor. And unless the debtor sat-
isfies the court that he has acted honestly in
every respect in regard to his property between
the time of his application and the time of re-
ceiving his discharge, then he is not to receive
the benefit of this act.
I will explain another amendment made in
this bill. It is in regard to the payment of the
officers called registers. By the original bill
those officers were to be paid a salary, * be
raised from the fees to be paid in each case.
By the proposed amendment they are to be
paid according to the services they render.
And there is a provision inserted in the bill
giving the commissioners power t6 reduce these
tees in certain classes of cases, so that no ex-
orbitant compensation can be received by any
one of these officers.
It is also required that one or more of these
officers shaH'be appointed in each county of
the United States, so that it shall be conven-
ient for every party transacting business in this
court to have one of those officers as accessible
as the county clerk now is. It is also provided
that these officers shall be appointed upon the
nomination and recommendation of the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States. That officer is designated because he
is to have the supervision, confirmation, and
establishment of the rules of practice which
are to form the code of practice in the courts
of bankruptcy, if this bill shall become a law.
These, 1 believe, are all the respects in which
the bill now reported differs from the "bill for-
merly before the House.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Rhode island [Mr. Jexckes]
whether he alludes to the bill which was last
voted on by the House as amended or to the
bill formerly reported from the committee.
Mr. JENCKES. I refer to.the bill which
was last voted on by the House, containing all
the amendments incorporated into it by a vote
of the House. 1 have been explaining the
additional amendments reported by the com-
mittee. I will state to the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] that the bill now re-
ported embraces the amendment in which I
suppose he is particularly interested, protect-
ing the homesteads in nil the northwestern and
other States where there is a homestead law.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
a few words in favor of the passage of this bill.
Among the powers lodged in Congress by the
Constitution of the United States is one to
establish uniform laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcy. I suppose it was intended that these
laws should not only be uniform but enduring.
Congress hitherto has failed to carry out the
duty enjoined on it by the Constitution in es-
tablishing uniform and permamentlaws on the
subject of bankruptcy.
Now, sir, the experience of this country ever
since its organization is like the experience of
every other civilized country. There are times
and emergencies when men require the inter-
position of the Government to relieve them
from misfortunes where their energy and en-
terprise have involved them in liabilities to
which they are unable to respond.
In 1842 Congress passed a bankrupt law
which was for the benefit of the debtors almost
entirely. Yet in the purview of the Constitu-
tion it was the duty of Congress to pass a law
for the creditors as well as for the debtors.
When that law was passed thousands and tens
of thousands of men whose energy and enter-
prise added to the aggregate wealth of the
country were struck down by the revulsion of
183S and 1837. They availed themselves of
the benefit of that law and again applied their
energies to the development of the resources
of the nation. The country has become richer
from their labor.
Unfortunately, however, that was not con-
tinuing legislation. Since then Congress has
done nothing either for the benefit of debtor or
creditor. Session after session bankrupt laws
have been introduced and have been defeated,
and in the mean time the men who' have met
with misfortune, against which they could not
struggle, have gone down under the pressure
of liabilities. They have remained idle, as
they can do nothing with the heavy hand of the
creditors upon them. In many States the
debtors were liable to be put in prison for debt;
but advancing civilization has either obliterated
entirely or materially modified that law. But
while debtors may not be imprisoned for debt,
yet the country will lose the benefit of the en-
ergy and enterprise of these men because of
the pressure of their liabilities. We ought at
once to relieve them.
I believe there is no measure before Con-
gress which is entitled to a more careful con-
sideration than this one for the relief of men
who have been borne down by various disas-
ters which have swept over the country since
183(5. By the ptissage of this measure we
relieve these unfortunates, and at 'the same
time provide means by which the creditors may
collect from the debtors. I do not suppose this
law is perfect. I do not suppose any law we"can
pass will be perfect. It is, however, the basis
upon which we can-erect a more perfect super-
structure, and I hope it will receive the favor-
able consideration of the House.
Mr. HOLMES. Mr. Speaker, it is well
known that when this bill was before the House
a few weeks ago, I voted against it. I did not
do so because I was opposed to a bankrupt
law, but for reasons peculiar to this bill in the
form in which it then was. My objections
were to the details, and not the principles of
the bill. These objections have been entirely
removed in the bill as it now stands.
The most important objection, as I regarded
it, was to the unnecessary and expensive pro-
vision by which the marshal was required to
take charge of the property of the bankrupt
on the presentation of the petition, and hold
it until an assignee was appointed, receiving
mileage and his e.\pen,sesuin addition to a rea-
sonable compensation for the oustodv of the
property. This, in my judgment, was unne-
cessary, and in the district in which I reside
would hnve^been very expensive. This feature
of the bill has been entirely removed, and the
property remains in the hands or custody of
the bankrupt until an assignee is appointed,
and a provision has also been inserted that, if
ho is guilty of fraud or negligence in the cus-
tody of it, or in failing to deliver it to the as-
signee when appointed, his discharge shall not
be granted.
The expenses necessarily incurred in takirnj
the benefit of the former bill were too high, I
thought; and, as one of my colleagues truth-
fully suggested, it would cost a man more to
take the benefit of it than to pay his debts.
The fees to officers for specific services have
also been reduced, and the entire costs and
expenses of the proceedings are reduced, in
my judgment, not less than one third. A
register is provided in every county, so that
parties and their attorneys will easily and read-
ily be accommodated in the preliminary pro-
ceedings, which can be taken before that offi-
cer. In the form in which the bill now is I
shall cheerfully vote for it and hope it will
pass.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the bill bo
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired ; the bill will come up again on Tues-
day next in the morning hour.
SUPREME COURT DECISIONS.  
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on the
Judiciary, Senate bill No. 186, amendatory of
an act to provide for the reports of decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States.
The bill was read. It allows eight months
instead of six for the publication of the reports.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
Mr. WILSON, ofrlowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider ba
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. LE BLOND asked and obtained leave
of absence for his colleague, Mr. FlXCK, for
two weeks from to-morrow.
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back Senate joint resolution No. 01, to
extend the time for the construction of the first
section of the Western Pacific railroad.
The joint resolution was read. It extends
the time for the construction of the first twenty
