216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
Senate.
Funding of the National Debt—Mr. Sherman.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
is true the United States did not stipulate that
it would not tax the bond, and the United
States may properly levy an income tax upon
public securities of any amount, as it may upon
other incomes; but when the United States
selects this particular kind of property as the
only kind of property upon which it -will levy
a specific tax, it is a violation of public faith.
To levy the same tax on this kind of property
that you levy upon other property would not
bo unjust; but to select it out and put upon it
exclusively an income tax of sixteen and two
thirds per cent, in order to defeat in this way
the stipulated exemption from State taxation
would be a violation of the public faith; and
yet that proposition has been made by an officer
of the Government. Mr. Hayes has furnished
us a long and elaborate report on the subject.
I do not know that it is necessary for me to
read his report, because any gentleman can
find it. He attached to it the form of a bill
for that purpose. It was disapproved by a
majority of the revenue commission, but was
submitted by Mr. Hayes as his own individual
opinion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have you found any-
body but him in favor of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, he has the testimony
of some of the leading men in the city of New
York, and among the rest some men who have
been employed as agents by the Government—
C.T. Hillyer, Henry A. Perkins, John L. Bunee,
James S. Tryon, Jonathan F. Morris, Olcott
Allen, James Goodwin, Stephen D. Pardee,
, E. V. Ilaughwout, John W. Hunter, Koyal
Phelps, William B. Astor, William M. Ver-
milye, and a number of others, whose testi-
mony is given, and who state that such a tax,
in their opinion, would be just. It is hardly
fair to these gentlemen to regard their testi-
mony as anything more fehan a general opinion
that bond-holders should in some way contrib-
ute to the support of the Government; and I
know that some of them prefer a reduction of
the rate of interest as proposed by me.
_ This question of taxing Government securi-
ties is far from being a novel one. It has been
resorted to in arbitrary Governments many '
times. In France, in the time of Louis XIV
and Louis XV, and especially during the re-
gency that intervened, forced taxes on public
funds were resorted to until the credit of that
country was entirely destroyed. It was pro-
posed in England in 1717, but was firmly re-
sisted. I have here a paper attributed to the
celebrated Henley, Earl of Oxford, written in
that year on the inviolable nature of public
securities, and the arguments have not lost their
force by time. He says:
"Your project of raising money for this year's ser-
vice, or oi paying debts by taxing or lowering the
interest of the funds, meets, X think, with too much
approbation amongsotne peoplewho look no further
than themselves and consider only the present diffi-
culty, regardless of the consequences of their pro-
ceedings. The importance of the case seems to re-
quire that everybody should contribute what they
can to set this matter in a true light and examine
without prejudice how much the interest of our coun-
try, its reputation and honor, its future good or evil,
may be affected by it." * * * * "lean-
not but think that conscience is concerned, and nat-
ural honesty and public justice and the credit of the
nation—everything that is sacred and inviolable in
property is nearly affected; all obligations will be in
a way of being canceled, and, in a word, an indelible
character of injustice cast upon us." * * *
"To support and maintain a man's private credit,
it is absolutely necessary that the world have a fixed
opinion of the honesty and integrity as well as abil-
ity of a person. If there be good reason to object
against the one or the other of these his credit sinks;
no one chooses to deal with him, nor does any one
care to trust him." * * * * *
" This true, this only foundation of credit takes in
all eases and all persons, public as well as private,
national as well as personal. Just and honorable
practices, fair and open dealings, a strict performance
of contracts, a steady observance of engagements,
will necessarily gain credit everywhere; and com-
mon experience teaches us that a breach in these as
necessarily destroj-s it." * * * * "And,
indeed, a readiness and willingness to perform one's
engagements is such a fundamental of credit that all
the affluence of money and the inost immense riches
are of no consequence if there be ground for the
lcastsuspicionofdismgenuity. The ability of aperson
without natural justice rather makes aman cautious
than forward to deal with him.
"If, therefore, the legislature of any country should
decline standing to its contracts or endeavor to im-
pose other conditions than what at first were stipu-
lated, I ask, would not such a conduct as necessarily
impair the public credit as it would the credit of a
private person? Has it not the same tendency to
ma ke the lenders j ealons of their security ? Who will
venture to lend the public a second time if ever they
find themselves not treated according to their con-
tract? May there never be emergencies which may
again oblige the public to borrow money ? ^ And if
such case should happen, upon what foundation must
they proceed if an instance can be produced, an act
of the legislature which can never be forgot nor ever
bo repaired to show that legal security is not a secu-
rity, and that engagements are not to be understood
literally ? What is the natural consequence of this
but that no man will lend the Government for the
future, but at such interest and such advancements
as are full equivalents to the hazards people may run
in lending?"
The whole of this very able paper has a close
application to the questions before us, and
would well repay the reading; and the remedy
he proposes is the one I propose. He says:
" If the lender be loft at his liberty to receive his
money or let it lay at lower interest, (in case where
funds are redeemable,) no cause can be given of com-
plaint. No injury is done, no hardship is offered.
The integrity and honesty of the borrower is evident,
and credit is indisputable. But if the borrower bs
his own judge and his own cause, and flies to an act
of power because he can do it, it as necessarily sinks
his credit as it takes away its foundation."
And, sir, this brings me to the plain and just
remedy for all complaints of unequal taxation.
Let us, in strict accordance with our engage-
ments, sell our improved eradit. Let us go
into the market, and with our resources fully
shown, our honor unimpaired, our securities
free from all burdens, sell them on the most
favorable terms; and thus we receive in advance
all the taxes we could levy upon our securities.
Wo will soon get more than the one per cent,
which Mr. Hayes proposes to levy; and when
the tax-payer points to the fund-holder as shirk-
ing his share of the public burden, the latter
can say, "I pay my tax in advance. I get five
per cent, interest for my money; the law gives
you six. What is thus deducted from me re-
lieves you from millions of taxes." This pol-
icy, adopted in England, has reduced the rate
of interest on public securities from six to three
per cent., and has made the British consol the
highest standard of credit in the civilized world.
Fortunately our loans are now just in a con-
dition when we can commence this reduction
of interest. I showed awhile ago that we had
$177,000,000 of public debt within our reach
now, and if it was known that no other but a
five per cent, loan could be had, and that all
maturing bonds should be paid off in money
by the sale of five per cent, bonds, public cred-
itors would quickly convert their securities into
such a loan. Large institutions, among the
rest one of the largest in the State of New
York, have made a proposition to convert their
five-twenty bonds, maturing in May next, into
this five per cent. loan. If I had my own way
I would not give them a thirty-year five per
cent, bond; I would give a ten-forty five per
cent, bond, retaining the principle of redeem-
ability, with a view to still lower interest; but
the Secretary thinks he cannot now negotiate
such a loan as that, and therefore, for the pres-
ent, I would give those the most ready to adopt
the reduction policy the most favorable form
of loan, but as soon as possible would reserve
the power to reduce the rate of interest by the
payment of the principal as soon as a bond
without these exemptions or at a lower rate of
interest would sell at par. This process must
be gradual. It will not do for Senators to
vote against this bill because they think five
per cent, free of taxes is too high. We must
get it down first to five per cent., then to four,
and then to three, all the while faithfully ob-
serving our contracts; and we can do it.
It is not probable if this bill passes that dur-
ing the present year more than one hundred
millions of five per cents will be sold, because
more than that would not be needed to meet
the accruing indebtedness unless it should be
necessary to sell more to pay bounties to sol-
diers or some extraordinary expenditure. Next
year the Secretary would have the power to
pay off $600,000,000 of the five-twenties if he
could sell these five per cent, bonds. But
it; is important to pass tne law this session in
order to give him ample time to meet the
obligations that are imposed upon him.
I say, therefore, that in every view which
I can take of this bill it is a wise measure,
intended to save interest upon the public debt,
to adjust on correct principles, equality of tax-
ation, and to lighten the enormous burdens
upon our people. And there is another feat-
ure which commends it to my favor. If this
bill pass in the form in which it now stands,
the fund-holders will themselves pay off the
principal of the public debt. The one per
cent, saved on the rate of interest will pay off
every dollar of this debt in thirty-six years.
When the fund-holder and the tax-payer stand
before the public hustings, and this matter is
dragged into politics, as it will be, and the tax-
payer says to the fund-holder ''Your property
is exempt and free from all tax," the fund-
holder may say " No, my friend, it is not; your
money you can loan to your neighbor at six
per cent, interest, and the law enables you to
collect the principal at pleasure; I have already
paid for this privilege by deducting one sixth
of my income; I have surrendered the princi-
pal sum loaned by me for an annuity for thirty-
six years, and my share of the taxes will pay
off every dollar of the debt within one gener-
ation." He may refer to the report of Mr.
Hayes showing that the average tax in the
United States is one per cent., and that sum
annually applied with the consent of the fund-
holder, and paid by him alone, would pay your
debt.
I accept the justice of the principle. I say
that we cannot go before the people and pre-
serve the exemption from local tax unless we
show that the United States get some benefit
from it; and by surrendering this one per cent,
the fund-holders will be stronger and more
secure than they were before. They will feel
safer in the payment of the principal; they will
know that the one per cent, thus saved is laid
aside under the operations of this law and
applied to the payment of the principal of the
public debt; that it will pay off the principal
of that debt in due time and without any dan-
ger of the misapplication of the fund, for it will
be applied each year, thus adding to the value
of the remaining funds.
The passage of this bill is now an imperative
necessity. It is not my bill; it is not my idea.
I think it is too favorable to the fund-holders.
I think that a ten-forty five per cent, loan might
be put upon the marfiet at par; but the Secre-
tary of the Treasury says that without the two
stipulations to which I have referred, he does
not think that he can, to use the ordinary lan-
guage of the day, float a five per cent. loan. I
am therefore willing to give these stipulations
to him, hoping that next winter we can repeal
the clause exempting the bonds from income
tax, and then let him issue a clear five per
cent. loan. I do not think he will be able to
issue over a hundred millions before that time.
Perhaps next winter we may shorten the period
during which the principal may be redeemable,
and perhaps in a few yearSj if our country goes
6n prospering as it is now prospering, we may
reduce the rate of interest as England has
done, first one half per cent., then another one
half,_ keeping the body of the bonds always
within our reach. The position of our public
debt is just in that condition now, under the
established policy of those who have regulated
our finances, that it is within our reach, so that
we can soon fund the whole of the public debt
and reduce the rate of interest on all or nearly
all of it. .
There is another collateral advantage which
will be derived from this bill. I refer to the
provision in the fourth section. It will l>a
