THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
amined critically, have no foundation in the
bill itself, but only in the imagination of my
distinguished colleague.
He says this bill provides one law for one
class of men, and another law for another class.
The very object of the bill is to break down
the discrimination between whites and blacks.
The object of the bill is to provide where the ref-
ugees and freedmen are discriminated against,
where a State says, as many do in the South,
that the black man shall not make contracts,
• that the black man shall not enjoy the fruits of
his labor, that he shall be declared a vagabond,
a vagrant, and the same laws do not operate
against the white men—that such discrimina-
tion shall not exist, notwithstanding the stat-
utes of any State. Therefore I repeat that
the true object of this bill is the amelioration
of the condition of the colored people.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to make a sugges-
tion at this point. I will not detain the gentle-
man a moment.
Mr. Speaker, just at this point I desire to say
that a distinguished general, a citizen of Ala-
bama, who recruited his regiment of loyal Ala-
bamians, served with them with distinction in
the war, marched with Sherman during the
whole of his grand march, waited upon me last
evening, and gave me, among other things, an
Alabama newspaper, which I regret, T have not
brought to the House this morning, showing
the execution of one woman and five men for
larceny, under a sentence of the court; one
woman and one man for stealing a horse, and
one man for stealing a watch.
A Member. Hung?
Mr. KIJLLEY. Yes, sir, hung. One man
was sentenced to ninety-nine years' imprison-
ment, if my memory serves me, for attempting
to steal a horse.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. 'Wasthatunderthedeci-
sion of a court and jury, or of a mob ?
Mr. KELLEY. It was in the regular court
proceedings in a leading journal of the Stale
of Alabama, and was indorsed by the editor in
an article announcing that the negroes must be
kept away, from the cities and towns, and that
the-plantation was the place for them. It had
the elaborate indorsement of the editor.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman allow me?
• Mr. KELLEY. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mout.tox.]
Mr. SMITH. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he has never read in the
newspapers of white men in South Carolina
and the South having been hung for stealing
horses ?
Mr. KELLEY. I was coming to the matter
implied by the question of my distinguished
friend from Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH. All I wish is, that there shall
be equal justice done to the people of the South
a;: to representations 011 this floor.
Mr. KEbLET. And for that purpose 1 de-
sire the passage of the Kreedmeu's Bureau bill.
Fori turned to the distinguished gentleman
who brought me the account of that last out-
rage, and to the other citizens of Alabama who
were with him, and [ said, "is this the pun-
ishment you mete out" to white men in your
State for such offenses ?'' And they answered
unanimously, "No."
Several Meuweus. Who was it?
Mr. KELLEY. It was General Spencer, of
Alabama, the colonel of the first regiment of
loyal Alabamians. He is not a man who con-
ceals his name.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I wish to say that ho may
be a distinguished man, but it is the first time
1 ever heard of him.
Mr. KELLEY. That is quite possible. He
may be a distinguished general; for all the in-
telligence of the country does not rcach the
central part of Kentucky. [Laughter.]
-Mr. ROUSSEAU. I wish to say that I had
command of northern Alabama and middle
Tennessee for nearly two years, and I believe
1 know every loyal and disloyal man of prom-
inence in that country. 1 will not say that
Colonel Spencer may not have been there,
and I deny, in common with the whole army
of that country, that he is a distinguished
general or a distinguished anything else.
Mr. KELLEY. I would take the word of old
Tecumseh Sherman against that of my distin-
guished military friend, much as I value him.
1 know that General Spencer served with mark
under General Sherman, and I think at one
time upon his staff.
I simply wanted to call attention to the fact
that they hang black men and women for lar-
ceny in Alabama, and that they sentence them
to ninety-nine years' imprisonment, and there
is no such punishment meted out to the white
rebel who steals a black man's horse.
Mr. MOULTON. I want to call attention
as briefly as I can to other objections to this
bill by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Marshaia. ]
His principal objections to this bill were that
the Government proposes to put its hand into
the pockets of his constituents for the means
of supporting colored people, refugees, negro
schools, &c. Now, permit me to say that this
argument addressed to the pocket has always
been the argument in the mouths of demagogues
everywhere and 011 all occasions. Wc have
hoard it in this Hall. Whenever the gentleman
desires to' make a speech for consumption at
home he always appeals to the pockets of his
constituents rather than to their common sense
and reason.
Now, sir, permit mo to inform that gentleman
that the Freedmen's Bureau has been in oper-
ation for about nine months, and not a single
dollar has ever been appropriated from the
Treasury for the support of this bureau.
And let me tell another fact: that more than
four million dollars are now placed to the credit
of this bureau, not from the Treasury, to be
expended under the officers and commissioners
that may be appointed by this bill. So much
for the expense.
But admitting that appropriations are to be
made, I say that a solemn duty devolves upon
this Congress to make that appropriation and
to see that it is applied in accordance with the
provisions of this bill.
The gentleman says there is no limitation to
the expenditures. That is all true. But I will
assume that Andrew J ohnson, their candidate,
the man to whom they look for their position
hereafter, is honest; and if so, that he will ap-
point honest men who will discharge their duty
in accordance with the provisions of this bill
and under the regulations of the War Depart-
ment.
My friend further says that this bill is an in-
fringement of the local laws and usages of the
States into which it goes. Permit mo to say
that this bill does not operate in that way at all.
It only proposes that where the black man is
unjustly discriminated against, or where any
attempt is made to enforce unjust and unequal
local civil laws against him, the military com-
mission appointed by this bill shall interfere in
his behalf.
My colleague says that it is a civil right to
sit on j uries, and that it is a civil right for a black
man to marry a white woman. Now, I deny
that it is a civil right lor anybody to sit 011 a
jury; I deny that it is a civil right for a -white
man to marry a black woman or for a black
man to marry a white woman. It is a simple
matter of taste, of contract, of arrangement
between the parties... No man has a right to
marry any particular woman, black or white.
It is a matter of mutual taste, contract, and un-
derstanding between the parties. Besides, there
is no deprivation of that right. The law, as I
understand it, in all the States, applies equally
( to the white man and the black man, and there
being no distinction, it will not operate injuri-
1 ously against cither the whitc^orthc black.
So far as the matter -of sitting on juries is
concerned, it is not a civil right, and why? Be-
cause you cannot enforce it by a civil writ. I
understand that the civil rights referred to in
the bill are not of the fanciful character re-
ferred to by the gentleman, but the great fun-
damental lights that are secuied by the Consti-
tution of the United States, and that aio de-
fined in the Declaiation of Independence, the
right to personal liberty, the right, to hold arid
enjoy property, to transmit property, and to
make contracts. These are the great civil
rights that belong to us all, and arc sought to
be protected by this bill.
Mr. THORNTON. On the point upon which
my colleague is now speaking, civil rights. I
would ask him if a marriage between a white
man and a white woman is a civil right?
Mr. MOULTON. It is not a civil right.
Mr. THORNTON. It is not?
Mr. MOULTON. No, sir, not in my opinion,
Mr. THORNTON. Then what sort of a
right is it?
Mr. MOULTON. Marriage is a contract
between individuals competent to contract it.
Mr. THORNTON. Is it a political or a
civil right?
Mr. MOULTON. It is a social right. I un-
derstand that a civil right is a right that a party
is entitled to and that he can enforce by opera-
tion of law.
Mr. THORNTON. I would ask my colleague
if marriages are not contracted in all the States
of this Union by virtue of provisions of law?
Mr. MOULTON. I think, perhaps, they are
to a greater or less extent.
Mr. THORNTON. Then is not a contract
provided for by law a civil right ?
Mr. MOULTON. It is not especially pro-
vided for by the law regulating it. The right
to marry is a right which cannot be enforced.
There are a great many things a man can do
that are imperfect obligations which cannot be
enforced by law, and hence are not civil rights
contemplated by this bill.
Mi\ THORNTON. I call my colleague's
attention to section seven, upon which he is
now commenting, which provides that—
Whenever in any State or district in which the ordi-
naiy coarse of judicial proceedings has been inter-
rupted by the rebellion, and whorcuvin eonsequenco
of any State or local law. ordinance, police, or other
regulation, custom, or prejudice, any oi the civil mhts
or immunities belonging to white pci>ons. including
the right, to -make and enforce contract*, to site, be
parties, and prive evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease,
sell, hold, and convey real and personal property, and
to have full and equal benefit of oil laws and proceed-
ings for the security of person and estate, arc refused
or denied to negroes, mulattoes, freedmen, refugees,
or any other persons, on account of racc^color, or any
previous condition of slavery or involuntary servi-
tude, &c.
Now, I insist that by fair, legitimate con-
struction under that section, if the civil right
of marriage was denied to a black man with a
white woman, it would make the white man
who denied it amenable to the penalty of $1,000
fine and one year's imprisonment under this
law. I call his attention to it, and I ask him to
reply to it.
Mr. COOK. I would like to ask my col-
league [Mr. Thornton] whether he thinks that
a white man has the right by law now to marry
a black woman, and if that is the civil right of
the white man?
Mr. THORNTON. That depends 011 the
law. In the State of Illinois, as my colleague
knows very well,' it is against the law. It de-
pends on the state of the law everywhere
whether the thing can be done of which he in-
quires. If the law were against it. of eourtfe a
black man could not marry a white woman.
If the law allowed it, as it does allow it in the
case of a white man and a white woman, it
would be legal.
Mr. COOK. Is it as competent to prevent,
by provision of law, a black woman from marry-
ing a white man, as it is to prevent a white man
froiii marrying a black woman ?
Mr. THORNTON. I suppose it is.
Mr. MOULTON. The remarks that I made
in connection with this matter were made for
this purpose : I say that the right to marry is
not strictly a right at all, because it rests in
contract alone between the individuals, and 110
oilier person has a right to contract it. It is
not a right in any legal or technical sense at all.
No one man has any right to marry any woman
he pleases. If there was a law making that
ei-.il right, then it might be termed a civil ligrit.
in the sense in which it. is used here. But there
being 110 law in any State to thai effect, I insist
