2656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May. 17,
miles to the 1st of -January, 18G7, on certain
conditions named. .
The joint resolution was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. PlilCB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA LANtf GRANTS.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, by unanimous consent, reported back
House bill No. 441, to confirm the selection
and location of certain lands granted to the
State of California by the United States, and
for other purposes; which was ordered to bo
printed, and recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands. ,
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the pulilic debt,
and for other purposes,'' approved J une 30,1864,
and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending paragraph, as amended, was as
follows:
30. Auctioneers whose annual sales do not exceed
§10.000 shall pay ten dollars, and if exceeding $10,000
shall pay twenty dollars. Every person shall be
deemed an auctioneer within the moaning of this net
whose business it is to offer property at public sale
to the highest or best bidder: Provided, That the
provisions of this paragraph shall not a.pply to judi-
cial or executive officers making auction sales by vir-
tue of any judgment or decree of any court, nor pub-
lic sale made by or (or executors, administrators, or
guardians of any estate held by them as such.
Mr. HOTCIiKISS. I move to amend the
paragraph by adding these words:
Nor to attorneys in the ordinary prosecution of
their business.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
tliis.
The question being taken on the amendment,
no quorum voted.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the chair-
man of the committee does not object to this
amendment. I think it can be adopted with-
out a quorum.
The amendment was accordingly adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
31. Manufacturers shall pay ten dollars. Any per-
son, firm, or corporation who shall manufacture by
hand or machinery any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, not otherwise provided lor, exceeding annually
the sum of $1,000, or shall be engaged in the manu-
facture or preparation for sale of any articles or com-
pounds, or shall put up for sale in packages with his
own name or trade mark thereon any articles or com-
pound, shall be regarded as a manufacturer under
this act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
32.# Peddlers shall be classified and rated as follows,
to wit: when traveling with more than two horses
or mules, the first class, and shall pay fifty dollars;
when traveling with two horses or mules, the second
class, and shall pay twenty-five dollars; when trav-
eling with one horse or mule, the third class, and
shall pay fifteen dollars; when traveling on foot, the
fourth class, and shall pay ten dollars. Any person,
except persons peddling only newspapers, Bibles, or
religious tracts, who sells or offers to sell at retail
goods, wares, or other commodities, traveling from
place to place, in the streetorthroughdifferent parts
of the country, shall be regarded a peddler under this
act: Provided, That any peddler who sells or offers
to sell dry goods, foreign or domestic, by one or more
original packages or pieces at one time, to the same
person or persons, or who peddles jewelry, distilled
spirits, fermented liquor* or wines, shall pay fifty dol-
lars: Provided further. That manufacturers and pro-
ducers of agricultural tools and implements, garden
seeds, fruit and ornamental trees, stoves and hollow
-ware, brooms, wooden-ware, and powder, delivering
and selling at Wholesale any of said articles, by them-
selves or their authorized agents, at places other than
the place of manufacture, shall not therefor be re-
quired to pay any special tax.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word "only'' in line twelve hundred and thirty-
six the words "charcoal or:" also, after the
words " wooden-ware" in line twelve hundred
and forty-seven to insert "charcoal."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to insert after "wooden-
ware" the words " stone-ware."
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to know why
that amendment is offered.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish simply to include earthen
or stone-ware, so as to give the manufacturers
the same privilege that is extended to the man-
ufacturers of wooden-ware.
Mr. MORRILL. Stone-ware is never'ped-
dled; and T hope the gentleman will not press
his amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move, on pa<*e 59, line twelve
hundred and forty-three, to strike out the words
"distilled spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. - I move to strike out, in the
next line, the words "fermented liquors or
wines."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOAN. I move to insert in line thirteen
hundred and thirty-six, after the word "news-
papers," the word " magazines."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Have the words "dis-
tilled spirits" been stricken out?
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has
been adopted, and no debate upon it is in
order.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to insert in line
twelve hundred and thirty-four, after the words
"on foot," the words "or by public convey-
ance." «
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to insert in line
twelve hundred and forty-one, after the word
"sell," the woids "distilled spirits, fermented
liquors, or wines."
Mr. GARFIELD. , That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to insert in line
twelve hundred andthirty-seven, after tTfe word
" commodities." the words "or the produce of
his farm or garden;" so that the clause will
read:
Any person, except persons peddling only newspa-
pers, magazines, Bibles, or religions tracts, or the pro-
duce of his farm or garden, who sells or offers to sell
at retail, goods, wares, or other commodities, trav-
eling from place to place, in the street, or through
different parts of the country, shall bo regarded a
peddler under this act.
Farmers and gardeners travel through the
cities and sell the produce of their farms and
gardens. As the law now stands, without
this amendment they would be compelled to
pay for a license. 1 think they ought not to
be compelled to pay. it, and I therefore offer
this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that amendment
will not pass. If a man goes peddling his own
produce, he ought to be considered a peddler
and to pay a tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert in line
twelve hundred and forty-eight before the word
"powder" the word "gun;" so as to make it
read "gunpowder."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
33. Apothecaries shall pay ten dollars. Every per-
son who keeps a shop or building where medicines
are compounded or prepared according to prescrip-
tions of physicians, or wheremedicines aro sold, shall
he regarded as an apothecary under this act. But
wholesale and retail dealers who have paid the
special tax therefor shall not be required to paya
tax as an apothecary, anything in this act to the
contrary notwithstanding; nor shall apothecaries
who have paid the special tax be required to pay the
tax as retail dealers in liquor in consequence ot sell-
ing alcohol, or of selling or of dispensing, upon phy-
sicians' prescriptions, the -wines and spirits officinal
in the United States and other national pharmaco-
poeias, in quantities not exceeding half a pint of
either at one time, nor exceeding m aggregate cost
value the sum of $300 per annum.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
inserting in line twelve hundred and sixty-
two after the word "alcohol" the words "for
medical purposes."
Mr.. STEVENS. There is a great deal of
the article used for mechanical purposes as
well as for medical purposes.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out in
lines twelve hundred and fifty-eight and twelve
hundred and fifty-nine the words "anythingin
this act to the contrary notwithstanding."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
31. Photographers shall pay ten dollars. Any per-
son or persons who make for sale photographs, arn-
brotypes, daguerreotypes, or pictures, by tho action
of light, shall be regarded a photographer under this
act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
35. Tobacconists shall pay ten dollara. Any person,
firm, or corporation whose business it is to sell at
retail cigars, snuff, or tobacco, in any form, shall be
regarded as a tobacconist under this act. But whole-
sale and retail dealers, and keepers of hotels, inns,
taverns, arid eating-houses, having paid the special
tax therefor, shall not be required to pay the tax as
tobacconists, anything in this act to the contrary not-
withstanding.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
3S. Butchers shall pay ten dollars. Every person
whose business it is to sell butchers' meat at retail
shall bo regarded as a butcher under this act: Pro-
vided, That no butcher having paid the special tax
therefor shall be required to pay the tax as a retail
dealer on account of selling other articles at tho
same store, stall, orpremises: Provided further. That
butchers who sell butchers' meat exclusively by
themselves or agents, and per^tns who sell shell-fish
or other fish, or both, traveling fron> place to place,
and not from any shop or stand, shall be required to
pay five dollars only, any existing law to the con-
trary notwithstanding; andshall not be required to
pay the tax as a peddler for retailing butchers' meat
or fish. And no special tax shall be imposed for
selling shell-fish or other fish from hand-carts or
wheelbarrows.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the first
proviso by inserting before the words i i tax as
a retail dealer" the word "special."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the last
proviso by striking out the words "and shall
not be required to pay the tax as a peddler for
retailing butchers' meat or fish."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
37. Proprietors of theaters, museums, and concert
halls, receiving pay as entrance money, shall pay
$1U0. Every edifice used for the purpose of dramatic
or operatic or other representations, plays, or per-
formances, not including halls rented or used occa-
sionally for concerts or theatrical representation^,
shall be regarded as a theater under this act: Pro-
vided, That when any such edifice is under lease at
the passage of this act, the tax shall be paid by tho
lessee, unless otherwise stipulated between the par-
ties to said lease.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
38. The proprietor or proprietors of circuses shall
pay $100. Every building, tent, space, or areawhere
teats of horsemanship or acrobatic sports or theatri-
cal performances are exhibited, shall be regarded as
a circus under this act: Provided, That no special
tax paid in one State shall exempt exhibitions from
the tax in another State. And but one special ta^x
shall be imposed under this act for exhibitions within
any one State.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
39. Juggler? shall pay twenty dollars. Every per-
son who performs by sleight of hand shall be re-
garded as a juggler under this act. The proprietors
or agents of all other public exhibitions or shows for
money, not enumerated in this section, shall pay ten
dollars: Provided, That a special tax in one State
shall not exempt exhibitions from the tax in another
State. And but one special tax shall be imposed
under this act for exhibitions within any one State.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the last
section of this paragraph by striking out the
wo«t " imposed" and inserting the word i£ re-
quired."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend by in-
serting after the words tl sleigM of hand" the
