8616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
been any such war, perhaps we should have
tad to settle the account uDOn a little differ-
ent basis from that upon which I apprehend
this account should be settled. I understand
we have had a war on our hands, but not a
war between the North and the South. It has
been a war between the people of the United
States and. their enemiqs. !t is very true that'
we found the most of their enemies in the
southern portion of the United States; we did
not find them all there. It is very true we
found the most of the friends of the United
States in the northern States of the Union; I
believe we did not find all of them in that sec-
tion of the country. The war was between
those two parties, the people of the United
States and their enemies. Wo did send our
armies into the southern States of the Union,
as wo sent them into the ^northern States of
the Union when we had occasion; but when
we sent them into one State or another I think
we sent them for the double.purpose of bear-
ing the justice and the protection of the Gov-
ernment to our friends, and the rebukes and
the penalties of the Government to our ene-
mies. If we sent them for any other purpose,
their mission was a mistake; we had better
ha,ve kept them at home.
This bill is one of the proposed means for
settling up some of the transactions which took
place during this war. Wherever wo sent our
armies they had to be supported; and thoy
were entitled to that support just as much in
a southern as in a northern State ; and if any
portion of that support was contributed by a
friend of the United States in a southern State
he was just aS much entitled to pay for it as if
if it was contributed by a friend of the United
States in the northern States.
The Senator from Michigan has stated, and
I believe rather insisted upon, the idea that by
our law all of the people in what were called
the rebelling Slates were the enemies of the
United States, declared so by a proclamation
of the President in pursuanco of an act of Con-
gress. I have two tilings to say upon that prop-
osition: first, that 1 do not know when the
President of the United States declared all
those people to bo enemies of the Unitcd States,
nor when he was authorized to make such a
declaration ; and secondly, I have to say that
it was not in the power of the President to
make him who was a friend in fact of the Gov-
ernment an enemy in law, nor was it in the
power of Congress to authorize him to so trans-
form one who was a friend in fact into an en-
emy in law. I am a strict constructionist. I
do not believe there is any power in the Gov-
ernment of the United States to drive any por-
tion of the people of the United States outside
of the Union, nor do I think there is any power
in any branch of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to transform a friend of the Union
into an enemy. If he becomes an enemy it is
his own act) the result of his own perverseness,
and not the effect of any governmental action.
It is said that there were but very few or no
loyal men in these rebellious portions of the
United States. If that is so, this bill will have
but very little or no effect; for itprovide$-only
for settling the claims of men who were loyal.
Out it is said to be very easy to prove that a
man was loyal who was not in fact loyal. That
is the difficulty, says my friend from Oregon.
The issue may be one a little difficult to try;
but dare you say that the Government shall sit
down upon the assumption that all the men
within a certain district are enemies of the
Union because it is a little difficult to discrim-
inate between its friends and its enemies? When
you are asked only to do justice to your friends,
and asked to try the question of loyalty or dis-
loyalty by your own tribunals, is not that pro-
tection enough? If you dare not trust your
own tribunals, that is not the fault of those men
in the South; for they have had no part in the
creation of them. It is no imputation upon
them. The imputation rests upon yourselves
and upon the agencies you yourselves have
created.
But after all, Mr. President, there is no sort
of danger, in my judgment, in passing this bill
with the amendment which has been proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts, if that
shall be accompanied by another amendment
which I propose to offer myself. The Senator
from Massachusetts proposes to strike out the
words which would authorize a settlement with
those whose property had been taken but to
whom no receipt had been given. Evidently
to my mind those words ought to go out, and
evidently in the place of them these words
ought to be inserted, " and taken tip on the
returns of such officer;" so that then you will
be called upon to pay only the claims of those
loyal persons whose property had been taken
by a quartermaster or a commissary, and re-
ceipted for by that officer, and the property
taken up on his returns. How can you be in-
jured when you do that? Every quartermaster
in your service had so many mules and horses
to feed. The law prescribed just how much
forage should be fed out to them ^.and at the
Quartermaster General's office they know just
how much forage he had occasion for. He
stands charged with that forage in bond, and
he has to discharge himself of that. If he
charges for more forage delivered out than he
had animals in his custody to deliver it to, they
know at the quartermaster's office that that
account is false; the falsehood is detected at
once. So of the commissary's department.
Every commissary had a certain number of
soldiers to deliver rations to, and they know
at the office of the Commissary General just
how many soldiers each assistant commissary
had to deliver rations to and just how many
rations he was allowed to make use of, and if
he credits himself on his monthly statement
with more rations than he had soldiers to feed
thom to, they know the error at onee.
If a commissary seizes pork, or beef, or
anything which may be a ration, in one State
or another, it is his business to charge himself
witli it. "To take it up on his returns," I
believe is the term used in these offices. When
he has entered it upon his returns, he is ac-
countable for it, and his bond is accountable
for it, and you have got his obligation to ac-
count for it. If he distributes it in rations,
then it takes the place of so much that he
would otherwise have to furnish himself; for
in the settlement of his accounts, you must
remember, his business is to discharge himself
of the whole amount of provisions and sup-
plies delivered to him and charged to him by
the Government. That is the business he has
to do. If ho seizes, in other places, or in any
place, provisions, and does not take them up
on his returns, then they never go to the use
of the Army; they go to his own use; he does
what he pleases with them. He accounts, in
the settlement of his accounts, for every dollar
that is committed to him by the commissary
department, and for every man that he deliv-
ers rations to. So of a quartermaster. If he
seizes a mule or a horse, and does not enter
it upon his returns, ho is not accountable for
it, and the Government never gets the benefit
of it. No quartermaster ever accounts for
any more property than is on his returns; there
is no way of accounting for it. If, therefore,
you require .the officer not only to give a
receipt for this property, but to take it up on
his returns, then the Government is perfectly
safe. It can suffer at worst only by reason of
paying a disloyal man for goods which it has
actually obtained, but which it might have
obtained, if it had known the fact of his dis-
loyalty, without any price. You have got the
benefit of the goods anyway.
I do not mean to detain the Senate—I can-
not detain the Senate, for it is evident that they
care but very little about the question—I am
not going to detain myself but a moment. I
said that this was a very important question as
it struck me. It has been argued by some as
important, but only as it affects the interests
oi the Treasury. I regard it as of infinitely
more importance, because it affects the honor
of the United States. It is true that if yo,u pay,
by the judgment of any of your tribunals, dis-
loyal men for goods of theirs which you have
taken, you do to that extent affect injuriously the
interests of the Treasury; but it is equally true,'
to my mind, that if you refuse or neglect to pay
the friends of the United States for goods of
theirs which you have taken and appropriated
to your use, the nation is dishonored. There
is no escape from it; it is dishonored. Yon
cannot afford to repudiate one of these obliga-
tions. They are as sacred when presented by
a mati who was your friend where there were
but few friends found, and, if it were possible,
more sacred there than in other sections where
the friends of the Government were numerous
and strong. However important you may con-
sider it, therefore, as affecting the interests of
the Treasury, I say it is of vastly more impor-
tance as it affects the honor of the Government.
It is for this reason that I have seen fit to say
a word on the subject; and it is for this reason
that I am extremely anxious that the Senate
shall not place itself in the attitude of having
refused to recognize one of these claims.
Mr. SAULSBUKY. The particular ques-
tion before the Senate, I believe, is whether
that provision of the bill which requires that
payment shall be made for the property taken
belonging to lojal persons and not receipted
for shall be stricken out. It was not my in-
tention to say a word on this subject; nor do
I intend now to detain the Senate more than a
moment.
Mr. President, I have heard some very strange
principles of law announced during this debate.
It seems to be assumed by some gentlemen
that the laws of war applicable to questions of
this kind have undergone no change from the
foundation of the world to the present time;
but that to-day, in the nineteenth century, they
are precisely what they were when ignorant
barbarians met in conflict on the field of battle.
When I hear it contended on this floor that a
nation at war with another must regard every
individual of that nation as a personal enemy,
and must treat him with all the rigors of war,
though lie be not a combatant, I am amazed.
As well would I expect to hear announced the
old rule of law applicable to war, that when
you take a prisoner of war you have a right to
put hirn to death or that you have a right to
reduce him into perpetual slavery. Look into
the books, and you will find that at one time
those were well-recognized principles of the
law of war; but, sir, they were principles rec-
ognized in ignorant and barbarous ages, and
the -civilization of advancing times has caused
them, to pass away, and nowhere throughout
the civilized world to-day are such principles
contended for. Throughout the civilized world
to-day the doctrine is not practically enforced
that, as between foreign nations, every inhab-
itant of one nation must be treated by the other
with all the rigors and penalties of war. Such
a doctrine is acted upon to-day by no civilized
nation on earth; and the law of war to-day, in
every nation of Europe and in every civilized
country is, that you have not a right to take the
private personal goods and chattels of a non-
combatant for your own use without compensa-
tion. The spirit of Christianity and the princi-
ples of civilization have modified, practically,
those harsh rules of war which were enforced
in former times.
Why, sir,_ in the war of 1812, a war waged
between this country and Great Britain, we
contended that the British Government had no
right, according to the laws of war and laws
of nations, to take the private property of our
citizens without making compensation for it;
and upon the conclusion of that war, when it
was established that the military power of
Great Britain had seized slaves on the Eastern
Shore of Maryland, bad decoyed them from
their masters, had taken them upon their ships
and carried them to^ England, our minister
demanded compensation for those slaves from
the Government of Great Britain. The matter
was the subject of negotiation for some time.
Finally, the law as laid down by John Quincy
Adams was acknowledged to be correct in prin-
ciple, and the British Government was made
