1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2657
words "including spirit rappings and other
kindred manifestations."
Mr. THAYER. I wish to remind the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] that by
a judicial decision in the State of New York
that is embraced in the terms "jugglery" and
"sleight of hand."
Mr. NIBLACK. I think my amendment
better be inserted here.
Mr. THAYER. It will be mere redundancy.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want to make it certain.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
40. Proprietors of bowling-alleys and billiard rooms
shall pay ten dollars for each alley or table. Every
place or building where bowls are thrown or billiards
played, and open to the public with or without price,
shall be regarded as a bowling-alley or billiard room,
respectively, under this act.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the first
sentence of this paragraph by striking out the
words "alley or," so that it shall read, "pro-
prietors of bowling-alleys and billiard rooms
shall pay ten dollars for each table."
Mr. THAYER. I would suggest that ten-
pins are not played on a table. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAYIS. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
41. Proprietors of gift enterprises shall pay fifty
dollars. Every person, firm, or corporation who shall
sell or offer for sale any article of merchandise of any
description whatsoever, or any ticket of admission to
any exhibition or performance, with a promise, ex-
press or implied, to give or bestow, or in any manner
to hold out to the public the promise of gift or be-
stowal of any article or thing for and in consideration
of the purchase by any person of any other articlo or
thing, shall be regarded as a proprietor of a gift en-
terprise under this act: Provided, That no such pro-
prietor, in consequence of being thus taxed, shall bo
exempt from paying any other tax imposed bylaw,
and the special tax herein required shall be in addi-
tion thereto.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the first
sentence of this paragraph by striking out the
words "pay fifty dollars" and inserting "be
put in the penitentiary."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr.LAWRENCE;of Ohio. I move to amend
by striking out "fifty dollars" and inserting
''one hundred and fifty dollars" in the first
line of the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. T move to amend
by inserting the words "real estate or" after
the words " the promise of gift or bestowal of
any," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the words "to the
public " before the words " the promise of gift
or bestowal," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
42. Owners of stallions and jacks shall pay ten dol-
lars. Every person who keeps a male horse or a jack
for the use of mares, requiring or receiving pay there-
for, shall be legarded as the owner thereof, and shall
furnish a statement to the assessor or assistant as-
sessor, which shall contain a brief description of tho
animal, its age, and place or places where used or to
be used: Provided, That all accounts, notes, or de-
mands for the use of any such horse or jack, the owner
or keeper thereof not having paid the tax as afore-
said, bhall be void.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to amend the
first sentence in this paragraph by striking out
"ten dollars " and inserting " five dollars."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
43. Lawyers shall pay ten dollars. Every person
who for feeor reward shall prosecute or defend causes
in any court of record or other judicial tribunal of
the United States or of any of the States, or give legal
advico m relation to any cause or matter whatever,
shall bo deemed to be a lawyer within the meaning
of this act.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to amend by
striking out in line thirteen hundred and fifty-
four the'word "ten," and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "fifteen;" so that the clause
will read: '' Lawyers shall pay fifteen dollars.''
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows: *
44. Physicians, surgeons, and dentists shall pay ten
dollars. Every person (except apothecaries) whose
business it is, for fee and reward, to prescribe remedies
39th Oong. 1st Sess.—No. 167.
or perform surgical operations for tho cure of any bod-
ily disease or ailing, shall bo deemed a physician, sur-
geon, or dentist, within the meaning of this act.
No amendment being offend,
The Clerk read as follows:
45. Builders and contractors shall pay ten dollars.
Every person whose business it is to construct build-
ings, or ships, or bridges, or canals, or railroads by
contract, whose receipts from building contracts ex-
ceed S2.500 in any one year, shall bo regarded as a
builder and contractor under this act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
46. Assayers, assaying gold and silver, or either, of
* value not exceeding m one year $250,000, shall pay
SflOO, and ?200 when the value excceds if25O,OO0 and
does not exceed 8500,000, and $000 when the value
exceeds $500,000. Any person or persons or corpora-
tion whose business or occupation it i- to separate
gold and silver from othei metals or minei al sub-
stances with which such gold or silver, or both, aie
alloyed, combined, or united, or to ascertain or de-
termine tho quantity of gold or silver in any alloy or
combination with other metals, shall bo deemed an
assayer for the purpose of this act.
Mr. McRUER. [ move to amend by insert-
ing "shall pay fifty dollars" after the words
" assayers, assaying gold and silver or either
and by striking out (he following words:
Of a value not exceeding in oneyear $250,000, shall
pay ftlOO, and S200 when the value exceeds $250,000
and does not exceed &500,000, and $500when tho value
excceds $500,000.
So that the clause will road:
Assnyors, assaying gold and silver, or cither, shall
pay fifty dollars,
I see no reason, Mr. Chairman, why the large
tax proposed in this paragrijph should be im-
posed upon this branch of manufacturing in-
dustry called assaying. This business is fre-
quently carried on by persons of very small
capital. It is here provided that where more
than §o00,O00 is assayed, a tax of $500 shall
be paid. I see no reason why this branch of ;
industry should be taxed at this exorbitant i
rate. We have already passed by a section in i
which manufacturers arc taxed ten dollars—no
more ; and I do not know why a scientific man
engaged in assaying or refining gold or silver
should pay this heavy tax. I believe that this
bill provides for no other tax analogous to this.
I hope that my amendment may be adopted,
and that tho tax will be reduced to tho sum of
fifty dollars, without any regard to the amount
of gold and silver assayed.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the gentleman
from California [Mr. McliuEii] I will say that
in addition to tho license or special lax which
is paid by manufacturers, they are required to
pay a tax on their products. This tax paid by
assayers is about all the tax that we got on these
products, gold and silver. In addition to the
tax in this form we get only a fraction of- one
per cent.
Mr. McRUER. I beg leave to say in reply
to the gentleman, that all this gold and silver
is liable to a tax of one half of one per cent,
upon its total value, whenever it is assayed,
which tax must be collected by the assayer and
paid over to the Government. The same prin-
ciple does not apply to anything else which is
really a raw product of industry. I do not
object to this small tax of one half of one per
cent., because it is not a great burden ; but I
object to the principle, because it is not applied
to any other product of industry. The man
who delves from the earth by the sweat of his
brow and the force of his muscle gold or silver
to tho value of $1,000 should not be taxed for
that any more than the man who produces
$1,000 worth of some industrial product. Still
I do not propose a change in the law in this
respect. But, sir, I see no reason why an
assayer, if he does a certain amount of busi-
ness, should pay a tax of $500 a year, while a
manufacturer doing business to the extent of
millions, pays only ten dollars. This tax on
assayers must operate as a serious burden upon
a class of men employed in a legitimate branch
of scientific pursuits. I trust that my amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. This tax, it will be seen,
is, comparatively speaking, very small. Where
the party assays $250,000 annually, he pays
$100; where the amount is more than $250,-
000, and not more than $50Cf,000, the tax is
$'200; and where the amount assayed exceeds
$500,000, a tax of fioOO is required to be paid.
The amount of the tax is not exorbitant, and
it is imposed upon parties who can easily pay
it. The product itself is subject to a very
small tax. I trust that the amendment will
not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
47. Miners shall pay ten dollars. Every person,
firm, or company who shall employ others in tho
business of mining lor coal, or lor gold, silver, cop-
per, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other minerals, not
having paid the tax therefor, as a manufacturer, and
no other, shall bo regarded as a mine; under this act:
Provided, That this shall not apply to any miner
whoso receipts from his mine shall not exceed annu-
ally SI,000.
Mr. MERCUR. I move to strike out the
words " employ others in" and insert " carry
on."
Mr. Chairman, I do •not. know how it is in
the mines where the precious mclals are pro-
cured, but in the coal mines this pkraseolmgy
would result disastrously to the miners. '' Min-
ers" is a technical term. Persons are called
miners who have no interest in the mines at
all. A is put in with one or two laborers. He
is callcd a miner, though ho has no interest in
the sale of the coal. It may be thought the
proviso to the bill would exempt him from,
the efl'ect of this lax, but on looking it will bo
seen it does not apply to any person who is a
miner.
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to this or
any other amendment of the paragraph. I
think the paragiaph ought to be stricken Out.
I think there ought to be no notice taken of
miners, and I therefore move to strike out the
whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now
in order.
Mr. MERCUR. I withdraw my amendment
for the present, so that my colleague may make
his motion to strike out.
Mr. STEVENS. I movo to strike out the
whole paragraph.
Mr. Chairman. I do not know how many
this would embrace. Every man who mined
limestone for his farm, every man who mined
a little coal for his furnace, all these men, and
ten thousand others like them, would bo em-
braced. It would be a most vexatious thing
to embrace so many persons. As these things
are all taxed when manufactured, I hope there
will be no objection to striking the paragraph
out.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will not prevail.
I am not sure that the amendment of his col-
league may not be a proper one.
This matter has been debated in this House
heretofore. When adopted and incorporated
into the present law it was fully and carefully
considered, and it was acceptable to the House
on all sides.
It will be noticed that it does not apply to
any persons except those who employ others in
mining. It is also restricted to those whose
receipts shall exceed $1,000. If anygobeyond
that they ought to be taxed.
Mr. MOOliHEAD. The gentleman says it
only taxes those whose receipts shall be $1,000.
The receipts of these men are not from the
mines but from labor,- and the proposition
really is to tax labor.
Mr. MORRILL. I will obviate that objec-
tion by moving to strike out " his mine" and
insert " mining."
Mr. BID WELL. I move to strike out "gold,
silver, and copper."
Mr. Chairman, I hope an interest so impor-
tant will not be stricken.down without giving
the members who represent it, and those who
are most deeply concerned, full opportunity to
be heard. The business of mining for precious
metals in this country is but imperfectly under-
stood. There appears to me to be an anxiety
to place a tax on this interest which, in my
judgment, is improper and onerous, and which
can only lead to defeating the purpose which
it is intended to accomplish.
