1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21?
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
remembered that the holders of the seven-
thirty notes have the right by the terms of the
option printed on the back of those notes to
convert them into five-twenty six per cent,
bonds at maturity, or to demand the money.
Two hundred and forty millions of these notes
come due in the month of August next year,
and six hundred millions in the May follow-
ing. Under the condition of the present laws,
the Secretary of theTreasury will be compelled
to accumulate and hold in hand two hundred
and forty millions in order to meet the possi-
ble option of the holders of the seven-thirties.
What would be the effect? The withdrawal
of $240,000,000 of money from the circulation
of the country, when it is now being reduced
under the operations of the recent law, would
be disastrous. It would be withdrawing one
half of the circulating medium in order to
meet an obligation when every particle of that
money is necessary for the use of the people.
Section four of this bill provides that the hold-
ers of the seven-thirty notes shall give a rea-
sonable notice of their choice to take either the
money or the bonds. They have the right to
make that choice, and nobody proposes to
abridge that right. They have the right to do
it at the time stated, and nobody proposes to
deprive them of it. What is proposed is sim-
ply to require them to give a reasonable noticc
of their choice of the alternative which they
have, and that is put at six months. Some
think that is too long and may complain of it.
, I do not think it is for the large amount in-
volved. It works no injury, because the bill
provides that in case they do not give their
notice of the optiog, they get their money and
the Secretary can provide for it. The proba-
bility is that the great mass of those notes will
be converted into five-twenty bonds without
cost; and one effect of having a five per cent,
loan upon the market would be to float this
large mass of indebtedness into the five-twen-
ties as the holders have a right to do, while if
you issue six per cent, bonds none of these
holders will avail themselves of the option
until the last moment, and then by demanding
the money would greatly embarrass the Gov-
ernment.
It has been said in some of the public prints
that this provision is a violation of the con-
tract. It is no more a violation of the con-
tract than the notice which is required by law
in the case of a tenancy from year to year. If
I am renting a house for a year or more I am
bound to give notice of my intention to re-
tain it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator, if he will take a suggestion
from me, that it is a power, substantially, that
Governments have always exercised. Take the
original convertibility clause ; we did not repu-
diate that clause, but we provided that the
right of conversion should be exercised before
a given time. There was no complaint made
of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was some com-
plaint made in the New York papers that this
was a violation of the public faith, that we
were repudiating our obligations ; but it was
not general. There are several precedents for
this provision ; but the most striking case was
the one alluded to by the Senator from Maine,
which was done after full debate and consid-
eration. The United States notes originally
issued, and still outstanding, had printed on
the face of them, " The holder of this note
may convert it into a bond bearing six per
cent, interest in coin, and payable after five
years and within twenty years." It was found
that this privilege or option attached to the
notes prevented the sale of the bonds, because
no one would avail himself of that option,
having the right to do it at any time ; and
therefore we provided that he should exercise
that option by the 1st of July following or lie
should cease to have it. I have now one of
these notes. The privilege printed on the face of
it is now denied me. Yet no one complains, as
I failed to exercise my right at the time stated.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire of the Senator
from Ohio whether it does not go upon the
ground that the bond-holder assents. The Gov-
ernment having provided that unless he gives
notice within six months it shall be so, it is
upon the ground that having notice he assents
that it shall be so.
Mr. SHERMAN, That is true. It is a gen-
eral principle of law, that wherever a party has
a right to do or not to do a particular thing, a
reasonable notice of his choice may be required.
That is a principle of municipal law as well as
of public law. It is required by nations gen-
erally and inserted in many treaties.
And now, Mr. President, f have thus, with-
out any preparation except the few figures and
papers before me, presented the reason for my
earnest support of this bill. Like most finan-
cial questions, they attract but little attention
though they deeply affect the nearest interest
of every citizen, his food, his clothing, his
home, and more important than all else, the
honor of his country. Our attention has been
so occupied with political questions affecting
more keenly the interests of parties and parti-
sans that all the complicated problems of
finance thrust upon us by the war have not
occupied as much of the time of this Senate as
some unimportant political measures. I almost
owe you an apology for occupying your time
so long, but I trust in a short time the waves
of the recent war will settle in peace and quiet,
and that all of us will look to the material inter-
ests of a great country, all of which are in our
hands. 1 am so hopeful of the future, after
escaping all the perils of the past, that I may
not see the clouds that others see. War is apt
to be followed with financial distress, and we
may be affected by the impending war in
Europe. Our bonds now held abroad may,
and no doubt will come back to us, and for a
time will depress our securities. But war in
Europe will open to us new markets. It will
restore our commerce. We can well afford to
redeem our bonds with the superabundant prod-
uce of the West. Our cotton crop will yield
us exchange enough to absorb all the securi-
ties held abroad. Who can say that after the
first panic the timidity of money may cause it
to flee from war in Europe and seek safety in
our national securities ?
Sir, what we need now is confidence in our-
selves, in our resources, and in our destiny.
Our country lias been for years the refuge of
the laboring man, where he has found employ-
ment, independence, and freedom. It will
soon be the refuge of capital. It may become
the place of deposit of the wealth of the world.
Why should it not be? We as a nation have
always observed our obligations. We have
twice paid off a national debt. We have unex-
ampled resources in men, in land, in iron, gold,
coal, and in all the elements of wealth. Why,
then, should we talk about taxing our national
debt? Why place it in the power of every
village corporation to affect our national credit?
Why enter the money market offering usurious
interest? Why pay now more than any good
merchant in New York will pay? Why traffic
our loans, a mortgage on all our industry, on
worse terms than bankrupt nations of Europe
offer? Go, backed by your resources, your
unclouded and undisputed empire, the love and
faith of your people, the respect of all nations;
go, I say, with all these, and with confidence in
yourselves, to the people, who hold your bonds,
and you will be able to borrow money at five
per cent., yea, before long, at four per cent.
Go not to the money-changers. If they are
allowed to fix the rate of your interest they will
continue it as it is with all its exemptions, until
the people, fired at an injustice, will do wropg to
correct it. I conclude as I commenced, that
to compel the Secretary of the Treasury, by
denying him this legislation, to issue more six
per cent, bonds is a political crime.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. T. O. HOWE,
or WISCONSIN,
In the United Status Senate,
June 5 and 6, 1866.
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 127) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States-
Mr. HOWE said:
Mr. President : At some time during this
debate I purposed to state to the Senate my-
apology for the vote I am going to give. Per-
haps the Senate would as lief listen to it this
afternoon, or at least as lief allow me to state
it this afternoon as'at any time.
I am going to vote for the constitutional
amendment now pending. I shall vote for it
regretfully, but not reluctantly. I shall vote
for it regretfully, because it does not meet the
emergency as I hoped the emergency would be •
met; but I shall not vote for it reluctantly,
because it seems to me just now to be the only
way in which the emergency can be met at all.
Sir. President, in January last I submitted
to the Senate a resolution which contained an
embodiment of my own idea of the duty de-
volved upon Congress in this juncture. By
that resolution I proposed to employ the legis-
lative power of the nation to organize provis-
ional governments for each of those communi-
ties which had destroyed, each for itself, the
only government which the Constitution of the
United States permits to a State of the Ameri-
can Union. That resolution was made the
occasion of considerable debate, but never yet
has attained to the honor of a reference to a
committee. Perhaps it is the only instance on
record of a resolution being offered to this
body without sufficient merit to secure a refer-
ence. And since that resolution seems destined
to remain here and to haunt the Senate Cham-
ber without the poor right of burial in a stand-
ing or a special committee, and since I myself
this afternoon am about to part company with
it, and to embrace the idea embodied in the
report of the committee of fifteen, I desire to
say once more, for the satisfaction of all who
may hereafter meet the ghost of my poor res-
olution stalking about among the archives of
the Senate Chamber, that in myjudgment, after
having been intimate with it for a very long
time, it is a perfectly honest ghost, and I desire
to say more, that after considering carefully
and diligently each one of the plans which have
been submitted here time after time—rather
ghostly, it seems to me, all of them—my own
plan is still my favorite.
I want to say one thing more: that, instructed
as I am now by a debate of more than four
months' duration, a debate which has employed
the best intellect of the country here and else-
where, the single idea submitted in that reso-
lution is, in my judgment, the only plan of
which it can be truly said that it is entirely
consistentwith itself. If it be. objected to it, that
it is not consistentwith the Constitution, then I
am bound to say to the Senate that no plan
yet submitted here or acted upon elsewhere is
consistent with the Constitution.
If that resolution cannot be defended upon
constitutional grounds, neither can the propo-
sition of the Senator from Nevada or the plan
now submitted by the committee of fifteen be
defended. And no plan is so utterly defenseless
as that of the President himself. They tell us
that these States are still in the Union, and
that my resolution would drive them out of the
Union. Not at all, sir, the furthest from it
possible. We do not look to statutes to see
what is or is not within the Union. Thebound-
aries of the Union are defined by treaties.
Louisiana is in the Union, because by treaty
with France we secured her to the Union.
Texas is within the Union, because by treaty
with Mexico we secured her to the Union.
And these States, if you please to call them so,
