isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3611
to pay for those slaves which her military force
took from their masters in this country and
carried to England.
If it be so in reference to the taking of slaves,
the principle is equally applicable to the taking
of other private property. In the negotiations
which resulted from the capture of those slaves
by the British Government, no less a person-
age than John Quincy Adams declared that
you might just as well fight with poisoned arms
—that is his strong, vigorous language—as to
undertake to take the private property of a
non-combatant and convert it to your use with-
out compensation. Any one who will take the
trouble of looking into Lawrence's Wheaton
will there find those opinions and declarations
all cited. So convincing was the argument of
our minister at the court of St. James that
Great Britain gave up the contest and paid to
this Government for the benefit of the owners
of the slaves the value of those slaves; admit-
ting, thereby, that as a belligerent Power, a
Power at war with us, she had no right to take
the private property of private citizens who
were not engaged in the Army and convert it
to her own use. *
But, sir, that is not the question now before
the Senate. The question before the Senate
is this: when you find in the southern States an
individual who has been true to the Federal
Government and to the Union of these States,
whose property has been taken for the use of
the Army, shall he be paid for it? I do not use
the word '1 loyalty." If there is any word in the
English language that ought to be blotted out
on account of the gross perversion that is made
of it, it is that word " loyalty.'' It has no ap-
plication in a republican form of government,
unless we give it the definition of" conformity
to and observance of law." If you use the
term "loyalty'' in that sense it is applicable ;
but in the sense in which the word "loyalty"
is generally used it has no possible, conceiv-
able application to a republican form of gov-
ernment, and never was intended to have such
an application. No word can be found in any
lexicographer, ancient or modern, which has
been so grossly perverted, so egregiously mis-
understood, and so wrongfully applied as this
term '' loyalty.''
I say, then, the proposition now is, when
you find a citizen or inhabitant of one^f these
southern States, who, during all this sanguinary,
conflict, 'amid all the raging of passion and
conflict of arms, turned his eye and fixed it
intently upon the flag of his country and wished
to see it again float in glory and triumph over
his head—-whether, when you go and take that
man's private goods and chattels, when you
strip him bare of everything, turn his wife and
children houseless and homeless out of doors,
and throw them upon the cold charities of the
people among whom he lives, and a people
unfriendly to him, you shall deny him com-
pensation. Go, ye war men, who thought
there was no means of preserving this Union
but by the bloody arbitrament of the sword;
go, ye who proclaimed to the southern people
that if they would not unite their fortnnes with
those who were warring against you, you would
be their friends and protectors; go ye now,
and tell the man who has proved faithful to
you, and whose fidelity stripped him of every
earthly comfort, and made hini4i pauper, that
what you told him before was a deception and
a fraud. Did you not promise them protec-
tion? Had they not a right to believe that if
they clung with unflinching fidelity to their
country and their country's interest, you would
see that loss should not come to them ? Did
you not tell them that wherever the American
flag floated, or should thereafter float, it should
be a shield and a protection to them and theirs ?
Did you not tell them that fidelity to the Gov-
ernment of the United States would be of more
advantage to them than fidelity to the southern
confederacy? Certainly you did.
During the whole progress of this war, we
heard it hour after hour, day after day upon
this floor, that down in these seceded States
there were hundreds and thousands of true and
39x11 CoNtr. 1st Sess.—No. 227.
patriotic citizens who had been forced by cir-
cumstances to yield S passive obedience to the
government of the confederate States, and who
were looking with wishful eyes to you as their
deliverers. It was one of the strong arguments
which you used that you were bound under the
Constitution of the United States to secure a
republican form of government to those people
and to give them ample and full protection.
You said that as American legislators it was
your solemn duty to sec that the faithful men
of the South were protected ; and on many oc-
casions you declared that except in the State
of South Carolina, the Union men were in the
majority. You said it was your duty to send
armies down into the southern State's to give
to those people protection. If you now deny
to them the benefits proposed by the provisions
of this bill, I ask you what kind of protection
are you giving them. If you deny them this,
what more were you doing for those people
whom you say were true and faithful to you,
than you were doing for those whom you said
were rebels and traitors and who had arms in
their hands trying to dissever this Government?
The proposition now is to put them all on an
equality, the men who with arms in their hands
made war against you, and the men who refused
to take up arms against you but welcomed you
when you entered into their midst.
Sir, had you proclaimed in the inception of
this war to the southern people, "When we
enter your borders we shall make no discrimi-
nation between those who united their fortunes
with the confederacy and those of you who wish
to be true to us," you would have had the uni-
ted opposition of all classes of society from the
Potomac to the Rio Grande, and from the Ohio
to the G ulf. What sane man is there living in
one of these southern States, if you had pro-
claimed to him that you were going to invade
his State and that you would take every par-
ticle of property in the State, and make no
compensation to any one, bijj; would have
rushed with arms in his hands to repel the in-
vader and to protect his family from starvation
and ruin ? Not one, sir. But the promises you
made them no doubt induced hundreds and
thousands to adhere with fidelity to the Gov-
ernment of the United States and prevented
them from uniting their destinies with the south-
ern confederacy. Mr. President, I appeal not
to magnanimity; I appeal not to generosity; I
appeal to honor; I appeal to justice; and if
there be honor and justice in man, I protest
before this Senate that you cannot refuse com-
pensation to those who were faithful to the
Federal Government in that struggle.
Why, sir, even among those who sympa-
thized with the southern confederacy, but who
were non-combatants in the war, there cer-
tainly has been enough suffering to gratify the
feelings of the most vindictive. I have in my
mind's eye now a lady, the daughter of a chief
justice of one of these States, the daughter of
a former member of Congress, a widow with
four children, who lived on her plantation com-
fortable, happy, almost rolling in wealth, who,
when the armies of the United States passed
through South Carolina, was stripped of every
living thing; her house burned over her head,
and but two little corn cribs left standing;
whose faithful negroes, to save something from
the wreck, took her three hundred pieces of
china and buried them in the ground, and there
they are lying to-day; who has returned to this
city, and now, with four little children upon
her hands, is trying to make bread for them by
keeping a humble boarding-lJbuse. Mr. Pres-
ident and Senators, in view of the devastation,
the havoc, and the ruin which your armies
causelessly made in the destruction of private
property, pause before you add to that great
injustice by denying to those who, you your-
selves say, were faithful to you, a just compen-
sation for their property which you took to
support your armies, and which propeejf, if
it had been just across the line, you would
have most willingly paid for.
The question, then, is simply this, when nar-
rowed down to a point: whether compensa-
tion shall be allowed only for the goods, re-
ceipted for of loyal persons, or whether upon
proof of what you call loyalty, clear and un-
questioned, the parties shall be paid, although
they were so unfortunate as not to obtain a
receipt for it. That is the particular question
before the Senate. Is there any difference in
principle between the two cases ? If the person
was true to you, does it make any difference
whether he had a receipt or not? The giving
of a receipt was a matter dependent upon the
whim,.the caprice, it may be the pressing en-
gagement of the commanding officer. If you
are satisfied that the person who has no re-
ceipt was just as true to you as the person who
has, where is the principle of justice and the
principle of right that can discriminate between
them, and say that you shall pay the one and
shall not pay the other ? The fact that the
party had no receipt is no fault of that party.
It there be fault attaching to any one it is to
the officer.
I see, sin, that it is near time to close this
debate, and I shall not detain the Senate fur-
ther ; but I am surprised that the good-
natured and lcind-hearted Senator from Mas-
sachusetts should make a proposition of this
kind, to discriminate between two worthy per-
sons, and base that discrimination upon so
unimportant a fact as that one has a receipt
and the other has not.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the tem-
perature in this Chamber is too high to allow
me to occupy the attention of the Senate.but
a short time. I cannot, however, forbear to
make a feeble attempt, warm as it is, to say
something by way of reply to the remarks
which have been addressed more especially
to me.
Thebill now before us does not call the atten-
tion of Congress to any individual casesofhard-
ship which may have arisen in the course of the
prosecution of the war in the rebel districts.
As to such cases, as I remarked yesterday, I
shall always hold myself ready to come to the
relief of suffering humanity, and to do that
which is generous and magnanimous to those
who were at heart the friends of the Govern-
ment in those districts. When such individ-
ual cases shall arise, they shall be sure of my
careful attention ; for I would not, under any
circumstances, withhold from atrne Union man
that which is justly his, or refuse to indemnify
him for the loss of property while he was really
and truly at heart a friend of the .Union, and
willing to aid in upholding it.
Nor ^s the present bill founded upon the
idea of making reparation for losses sustained
by Union parties in the insurgent States who
have actually rendered valuable service to tho
Union Army in the prosecution of the war. In
such cases, where services have been actually
and openly rendered by a person residing in a
rebel community, I should always be ready to
indemnify him for his losses and to pay Mm
for his services.
The present bill is founded upon a different
principle. It assumes, and so it has been argued
by the honorable Senators from Wisconsin and
New Hampshire, that there is a legal obliga-
tion on the Government to extend this indem-
nity to persons resident in the disloyal States
who were, in the phrase of the bill, loyal to the
Government of the United States. It does not
require any act of loyalty to have been per-
formed by the claimant. It does not require
that he should have acted even as a spy in be-
half of the U nion Army; or that he should have
contributed a single dollar of his money; that
he should have ever traveled a single rod from
his own door, or furnished voluntarily for tho
service of the Union Army a mule or a horse,
or any other article of property, or, in short,
to have rendered the slightest service openly
and above board in behalf of the Union cause ;
but the bill contents itself, and its advocates
here content themselves, with the fact,,to be
proved by ex parte affidavits to be used before
a person having no judicial power, that the
claimant has been at heart friendly to the Gov-
ernment, not that he should have done any act
