3618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
to promote the interests of the United States
during the war, but that he should have re-
mained simply neutral at home, and enter-
tained at heart sentiments friendly to the Union
cause.
Sir, I oppose this kind of legislation because
I recognize no obligation whatever on the part
of the Government to afford indemnity in such
cases. The calamities of this war were brought
not only upon the South but the North by the
misconduct and traitorous proceedings, not
merely of individuals constituting irregular and
irresponsible masses within the insurgent dis-
tricts amounting to little more than mere mobs,
but by States organized as political communi-
ties, possessing all the attributes of sovereign
Eolitical power, each with its Governor, its
egislature, and its judiciary. It has been set-
tled, as I before remarked, that the whole of
the rebel States, one after another, as commu-
nities occupying territory and invested with
the attributes of political power, and in the
actual exercise of that power, have become
by their own act the enemies of the Govern-
ment, and that their persons and their prop-
erty, whether found upon the sea or the land,
were, in law, to be treated as enemies and
enemies' property. When I speak of enemies
of the United States, I mean, not that they
were all influenced by actual feelings of hos-
tility to the Government, not that they hated
that Government and would have destroyed
it; but enemies because they happen to be
embraced within the territorial limits of the
country upon which their proceedings and
our legislation have stamped the character
of belligercney.
Every enemy of the United States is not,
therefore, necessarily a traitor; and this is a
distinction which is drawn with great clearness
and force in the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States in what are known as the
prize cases. My friend from Vermont [Mr.
Edmonds] yesterday denied the distinction;
and for his information, as well as for the in-
formation of others, I will take this occasion
to read a few paragraphs from the decision of
that high tribunal upon the question who were
the enemies of the United States, and what
was enemies' property during the war. Speak-
ing of the civil war which may break out within
the territorial limits of a nation, the court held
this language:
" Th e true test of its cxistonce, a? found in the writ-
ings of the s^ges of the common law, may be thus
summarily stated: 'when tho regular course of jus-
tice is interrupted by revolt, rebellion, or insurrec-
tion, so that tho courts of justice cannot bo kept open,
civil war exists, and hostilities may be prosecuted on
tho snmo footing as if those opposing the Government
were foreign enemies invading the land.'"
Again:
"The law of nations is also called tho law of na-
ture ; it is founded on tho common consent as well as
the co.mmon sense of the world. It contains no such
anomalous doctrine as that which this court are now
for the first timo desired to pronounce, to wit, that
insurgents who have risen in rebellion against thoir
sovereign, expelled her courts, established a revo-
lutionary government, organized aanies, and com-
menced hostilities, are not enemios because they are
traitors; and a war levied against tho Government
by traitors, in order to dismember it, is not a war
because it is an ' insurrection.'"
Again say the court:
"We now come to the consideration of the seoond
question, what is included in tho term 'enemies'
property ?'
"Is the property of all persons residing within the
territory of the States now in rebellion, captured on
the high seas, to be treated as ' enemies' property,'
whether the owner be in arms against the Govern-
ment or not?
"The right of one belligerent not only to coerce the
other by direct force, but also to cripple his resources
by the seizure or destruction of Ms property, is a ne-
cessary result of a state of war. Money and wealth,
the products of agriculture and commerce, are said
to be the sinews of war, and as necessary in its eon-
duct as numbers and physical force. Hence it is that
the laws of war-recognize the right of a belligerent to
cut these sinews of the power of the enemy by cap-
turing his property on the high seas."
And I may here add that there is no distinc-
tion in principle between prizes made at sea
and prizes made upon land in the prosecution
of a war. [Mr. Poland shook his head.] Yes,
' sir, that is the law. -  
"The appellants eontend that the term 'enemy' is
properly applicable to those only who are subjects or
citizens of a foreign State aifwar with our own. They
Quote from the pages of tho common law, which say
' that persons who wage war against the King may be
of two kinds; subjeots or citizens. The former aro
not proper enemies, but rebels and traitors; the lat-
ter aro those that como properly under the namo of
enemies.'
"They insist, moreover, that the President himself,
in his proclamation, admits that great numbers of
the persons residing within the territories in posses-
sion of the insergent government are loyal in their
feelings, and forced by compulsion and the violence
of the rebellious and revolutionary party and its 'de
facto government' to submit to thoir laws and assist
in their sehemo of revolution; that tho acts of the
usurping government cannot legally sever the bond
of their allegiance. They have, therefore, a correla-
tive right to claim the protection of the Government
for their persons and property, and to be treated as
loyal citizens till legally convicted of having re-
nounced their allegianco and mado war agailist tho
Government by treasonably resisting its laws."
Such was the argument* presented to the
court by the counscl on the opposite side.
Tho court proceed:
"Under the very peculiar constitution of this Gov-
ernment. although tho citizens owe supremo allo-
gianco to the 1'ederal Government, they owe also a
qualified allegianco to tho Stato in which they are
domiciled. Their persons and proporty aro subjoet
to its laws.
"Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they liavo
acted as States claiming to be sovereign over all per-
sons and property within their reapeotive limits, and
asserting aright to absolve their citizens from their
allegianco to tho I'ederal Government. Several of
these States have combined to form a now confeder-
acy, claiming to bo acknowledged by tho world as a
sovereign Stato. Their rights to do so is now being
decided by wager of battlo. Tho ports and territory
of each of theso States aro held in hostility to tho
General Govornmcnt. It is no looso, unorganized in-
surrection, having no defined boundary or possession.
It has a boundary marked by lines of bayonets, and
which can be crossed only by forco—south of this lino
in enemy's territory, bocauso it is claimcd a.nd held
in possession by an organized, hostile, and bolligorent
power.
"All persons residing within this territory whoso
property may bo used to increase tho revenues of the
hostile power arc, in this contest, liable to bo treated
as enemies, though not foreigners. They have cast
off their allegiance, and made wur on thoir Govern-
ment, and are none the less enemies bocauso they are
traitors." .
Again:
" Tho produco of tho soil of the hostile territory, as
well as other property engaged in the commerce of
tho hostile power, as tho source of its wealth and
strength, ara always regarded as legitimate prizo",
without rogard to the domicile of the owner, and
much more so if he rosido and trade within thoir ter-
ritory."
I have read enough to show the character of
the war. It was waged upon us by the rebel
States as political communities; and overy feat-
ure of a war was imparted to it. We had our
blockades of the southern ports, established
by our own laws. We had a legal statutory
interdiction against the- prosecution of trade
and commerce between the communities living
south and the communities living north of this
divisional line between the contending parties.
We had an absolute non-Intercourse; and what-
ever articles of property may have been brought
from the rebel community north of the Union
lines, or taken south of those lines and trans-
ported into the confederacy, became liable to
be forfeited, unless accompanied by a license
to carry on trade.
The two communities, then, were belliger-
ents, to whose character as such were applied
all the rules and principles and liabilities of
belligerency that pertain to a struggle between
two nations;' and Senators will not deny that
in the prosecution of a war by an army enter-
ing hostile territory it is the right of the offi-
cers commanding that army to forage upon the
enemy and supply their army from the private
property of the enemy. It is one of the ordi-
nary rights of wjr. If it was a calamity or a
misfortune to any portion of the southern peo-
ple, it must be remembered that the calamity
or misfortune was brought upon them by the
misconduct of a majority of their own peo-
ple. It was not the fault of northern men or
northern State governments that brought on
this war, although we have been compelled to
suffer for it as no community ever suffered.
We^Bave spent, as the records of the Treas-
ury Department show, in its prosecution nearly
three thousand million dollars. That money
must now be raised by taxation upon those
who contributed to our successes. We have
lost more than half a million of the loyal sol-
diers of the loyal States. We have submitted
to every privation necessary to give success to
our great struggle. We have gone through it
patiently, boldly, heroically, until at last we
found the enemy under our feet, a fallen, con-
quered, humiliated foe.
It will not be pretended for a moment that
this Government would bo under any obliga-
tion to indemnify a person who, domiciled
within the limits of a foreign nation with which
we should happen to be at war, had suffered
damage in consequence of' the taking of his
property by our Army, although such person
were a friend of the United States. It might
bo a cruel, a harsh thing, to take his prop-
erty; but it must be remembered that war
itself in all its operations and rules is a harsh
and cruel proceeding.
Sir, what has been the conduct of this so-
called Union party in the rebellious States
toward the Government during the whole of
this war, and before the war? Did they not
foresee that wav was to come? Had they in-
fluence at the South? \^ho heard their mul-
titudinous voices in opposition to their leaders
and rulers? Why did they_ not make their in-
fluence felt? When the first shot was fired
upon Fort Sumter, h<jw did it happen that this
Union party at the South did not unite their
voiccs and thoir efforts in some effectual way
to clicck the progress of the rebellion and the
violence which was threatened by the seces-
sionists ? Why did they not take measures
years and years ago to avert the danger of such
an occurrence? They had notice, because the
laws of war contained it, that in case of a col-
lision their individual private proporty might
be taken by us as well as their own army in
the prosecution of tho war, without indemnity,
as an overruling necessity not to be questioned
or resisted.
Mr. IIOWE. As the Senator asks why the
Union men down there did not make their
influence'felt when Fort Sumter was fired
upon, I wish to ask him why we did not take
some measures to punish that offense which
was committed against this nation in Charles-
ton harbor?
Mr. HOWARD. I see tho pointof the Sen-
ator's ^question, and I am very glad he has
suggesfed that view, for I desire to make a
reply to it. It has been said in this Chamber,
and repeated over and over again, that the
duty of allegiance is correlative to the duty of
protection ; and the inference is, that a party
m the rebel States who had not been protected
by the Government of tho United States had
the right to go into the ranks of the rebellion,
and that he could do this without incurring the
guilt of treason, simply because he was acting
in obedience to the ae facto government of his
State.
Mr. HOWE rose.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not impute that doc-
trine to the Senator from Wisconsin. Sir, the ,
breaking out of this war was like the sudden
bursting forth of a conflagration in a great city.
It was impossible for the Government to pro-
tect the Union people in the southern States;
the thing was utterly impracticable; and it is
idle to talk about the guiltlessness of treason
at the South because the Government of the
United States could not protect theUnion men
there. But the duty of allegiance remained
unimpaired. It is in its nature antecedent to
that of protection, and never ceases until the
Government becomes so unjust and oppressive
as to be intolerable.
Without spending further time upon this ques-
tion, I resist the passage of this bill because I
do not recognize on the part of the Govern-
ment any obligation to make this general in-
demnity to persons who claim to be Unionists,
but who continued their residence within the
rebel lines during the war. We passed a law
authorizing the President to declare those States
in insurrection. In accordance with that law,
he proceeded from time to time to declare States
and parts "of States in insurrection. This was
no puerile or idle ceremony. It meant a great
