2658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mining, aa I have said, is a different business
from all others. You cannot carry on mining
alone. There ivas a time in California when a
man could start out with pick and shovel and
pan. But that time has passed, and it may be
forever. You cannot carry on mining alone, at
least you cannot carry it on alone successfully
on the Pacific slope. What if you make thou-
sands or hundreds of thousands if you are the
loser when the balance is struck? I will say
that the vast majority of those who carry on
the business of mining find their aggregate
expenses exceed their aggregate receipts.
As to coal lands in California, while there
have been some operations, in nine cases out
of ten they have failed. They have to go very
deep; the veins are very thin and narrow, and
the cool of very poor quality. You have im-
posed upon them a tax of twenty dollars an acre
for the coal lands, which they have to explore
at great expense to know whether the lands are
underlaid with coal. While I do not wish to
misrepresent the mining interest in the least,
and while I desire that every productive indus-
try shall be taxed as nearly equally, fairly, and
equitably as possible to maintain this Govern-
ment, I do say that a tax often dollars as pro-
vided in this bill will be a great wrong, an
absolute wrong. The gross receipts cannot be
the measure of the taxation the mining inter-
ests can bear. I do hope that the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will prevail,
and that the section will be stricken out. and
I do it with no purpose to escape any just
responsibility in the proportioning of the pub-
lic debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
from the Pittsburg district, ought to prevail.
I think that during the whole progress of
this bill, with all due respect to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and the gentleman from
California, I have seen no motion made more
groundless than this. We place a tax upon
every trade and calling we can find out, and
I undertake to say that it is a fact that the
miners, whether in the Pennsylvania coal mines
or in the California gold mines, are infinitely
better able to pay taxes than the builders, con-
tractors, lawyers, physicians, and surgeons.
It is especially provided that there shall not be
a tax unless the receipts exceed $1,000 per
annum, and then the tax is only ten dollars.
Mr. CULIjOJI. Suppose you insert the
words "who shall be proprietors."
Mr. BLAINE. That raises the question who
are proprietors. That gets up a difficulty be-
tween those who own the coal lands and those
who lease them.
Mr. CULLOM. Say then "the proprietor
or lessee."
Mr. BLAINE. Let me make a motion to
strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is now
in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BID WELL. I will withdraw my amend-
ment also, and accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike out in line
thirteen hundred and ninety-three the words
"from his mine;" so that it shall read :
Provided, That this shall not apply to any miner
whose receipts shall not exceed annually $1,000.
Mr. MOORHEAD. What does the gentle-
man mean by receipts amounting to $1,000,
when a man employs two or three men whom
he has to pay?
Mr. BLAINE. That would not be included
in his receipts.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I think it would, I
think a man employing two or three men
would be taxed under this section.
Mr, BLAINE, So would a builder or con-
tractor. I repeat that you cannot well go back
and relieve every other trade, calling, and bus-
iness, and I do not believe that there is any
class so well able to pay a tax as the miners
in the coal mines of Pennsylvania or in the
gold mines of California ; and I only wonder
that the tax upon them has not been increased.
Mr. McRUER. I wish to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaixe,] that
there is not a single tax in this whole bill anal-
ogous to this. This is a direct tax upon the
labor employed in producing the raw material.
Mr. BLAINE. What is the tax upon cotton?-
Mr. McRUER. This is a tax on the gold.
There is a tax on cotton ; but I beg leave to
say that with these two exceptions there is not
a tax imposed on any product of labor, being
the raw material. Cotton is' an exception to
all the other agricultural products of the coun-
try, and this is an exception, as it taxes the
labor employed in producing the raw material.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I feel that there is not a
gentleman in the House who, if he properly
understands this subject, will vote for this
amendment. The'tax proposed is a direct tax
upon wages and labor, at least so far as Penn-
sylvania is concerned.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. This refers "to every per-
son, firm, or company who shall employ others
in the business."
Mr. KELLEY. I was coming to that. The
miner, being a skilled hand, who employs an
unskilled laborer to assist him, is to pay a tax
first upon the wages, and next, should he reach
the point of an income, on his income. In
nineteen cases out of twenty, if not in ninety-
nine out of one hundred, you will make him
pay ten dollars on his earnings. I do not want
to exclude any man from taxation who owns
or rents a mine, or works it as a capitalist; I
simply want to guard the laboring men in our
mines from having to pay, first, a tax of ten
dollars for the privilege of laboring there, and
then an income tax.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will with-
draw his amendment, I will renew it.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL. I renew the amendment.
Sir, it is not my purpose to advocate any tax
in this bill that does not appear to my judg-
ment to be just. I think that if we are to make
any exemptions it would not be just for us to
do it on this subject of mining. There have
been more favors distributed in this bill to the
interests of miners than to any ofher class what-
ever. WTe propose entirely to exempt such raw
materials as lead and copper and iron and zinc
and tin and gold, &c., from any tax, and if
we are to derive anything at all from these
various interests it must be by levying a spe-
cial tax in this way.
Now, let us see whether the laborer is more
oppressed in this business than in any other. It
deny it. I say that when you come to the manu-
facture of boots or shoes, or to the carpenter,
or blacksmith, or tailor, we do not employ the
same terms we do in this paragraph; we do not
say that he shall only be taxed if he employs
others, but we say that if he manufactures goods
or articles exceeding $1,000, even if he employ
only his own family, he shall be taxed. I must
say that this attempt to get an exemption for
miners strikes me as being uncalled for. These
men arc engaged in, perhaps, a business the
most profitable in the country. We find all over
the country that men are anxious to obtain
investments in enterprises of this sort, and the
wages paid to those employed are higher than
hardly any other kind of business will allow.
Mr. KELLEY. A single suggestion. I am
as anxious as the gentleman can be that the
proprietors of mines shall be taxed. I want
the same thing that he does.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman for a speech. He will have his chance
hereafter.
Now, I think that this will present itself to
the House as a legitimate subject for a special
tax, and I agree with my friend from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] that if this tax is abandoned we
ought to abandon many others. I trust we shall
not abandon it. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it. It strikes me
that there is an attempt to make an invidious
distinction between this class of proprietors
and others in relieving them from taxation.
The committee has been careful to define the
character and description of the persons who
should constitute miners, and thus, it appears
to me, they remove, by doing so, such objec-
tions as that which is made to this system of
taxation of that particular class.
There might be some objection if it was
simply proposed to tax every miner ten dol-
lars. But as the paragraph goes on to define
that no person shall be held to be a miner
except one who employs others, for the life of
me I cannot see the distinction between the
man so employed because he also employs
others and a carpenter who builds a scaffold
and undertakes to construct a house. It is
said that a miner employs another to work for
him and works himself with him, and is as
much a laboring man as the one he employs;
and therefore this is but taxing labor.
So does a carpenter. A carpenter, in our
portion of the country at least, whatever may
be the case in other parts of the country, climbs
a scaffold and nails boards or shingles on a
building in company with one or more journey-
men or apprentices whom he employs, and
therefore he is in precisely the same category
as the description of persons in this paragraph
called "miners."
The object is to reach the contractor, as it
were. The man may or may not work him-
self, but he employs others to work for him,
and thus induces capital to be employed in the
business, out of the profits of which he is to
pay those he employs. Now, unless the gen-
tleman can draw a distinction between the man
who mounts toward heaven and the man who
. goes down in the other direction, then I can-
not understand why the miner in the shaft
should be relieved from this tax any more than
the carpenter on the scaffold or ladder.
By reference to paragraph thirty-one, it will
be found that every manufacturer is required
to pay a special tax of ten dollars. Who is
the manufacturer? He may be a shoe-make?
or a blacksmith, who works on his bench or
at his forge, and has no apprentice or journey-
man in his employ or person employed with
him to be paid out of the proceeds of the capi-
tal ho has invested in the business and his
labor. If he be a sole laborer you define him
to be a manufacturer and compel him to pay
a tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. What is
the effect if the employer employs the men and
each is taxed as a manufacturer?
Mr. SCHENCK. We do not propose to tax
the hands, but the man who employs them.
What I speak of is the attempt to make a differ-
ence in principle between the man who employs
hands and works with them and the man who
employs hands but does not work with them.
In the western country most of our manufac-
turers, our shoe-makers, carpenters, and black-
smiths work with the hands they employ. While
we place no tax upon the laborer himself by
the definition here, we impose it upon the man
who invests capital along with his labor.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to amend this
paragraph by adding to it the following:
Nor to laborers actually working at mining in the
employ of another.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order at this time, not being germane to the
pending amendment.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I understand there will
be no objection to it.
The CHAIRMAN. Still it is not in order
at this time. The pending question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. SonE\OE.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose that amendment. I think the commit-
tee misunderstands the objection that is raised
to this paragraph as it now stands. When it
was introduced last year, it was expressly un-
derstood that it should not apply to the work-
ing miner, to4 the laborer who worked in the
mine, but only to the proprietor of the mine.
And it was thought then that sufficient provis-
