1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2659
ion had been made in the law to guard against
any misconstruction of it.
I hold herein my hand a petition from some
fifty laboring miners, who state that the tax of
ten dollars is imposed upon them, because by
the custom of mining coal it is visual for a
miner to have with him a laborer, the miner
being paid so much a ton for the coal he raises,
out of which he pays the laborer. The assessor
claims that the miner employs others, and
charges him with the tax of ten dollars.
Now, if this paragraph shall be stricken out,
and I may be allowed to go back to the par-
agraph imposing a tax upon manufacturers, I
would propose an amendment there which
should include miners who are by this para-
graph intended to be taxed. In no case is the
journeyman in any manufactory taxed. There
may be cases where a man carrying on busi-
ness alone pays tax as a manufacturer; but
when ho extends his business and employs
others, those whom he employs are not re-
quired to pay tax as manufacturers. By no
part of this bill except this section are work-
men required to pay the tax.
After all, Mr. Chairman, the whole tax de-
rived from this source is scarcely worth the
time we have consumed in its discussion; for
the total amount raised in this way throughout
the country does not reach $4,000.
Mr. MORRILL. That has been in conse-
quence of an imperfect administration of the
law, and the returns, I think, of 1804, were
only for part of the year. This year the tax
will amount to much more.
Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of terminat-
ing debate on this paragraph I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the clmir, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
reorganization of tub army.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, May 17, 1866.
Sir : I have the honor to submit herewith
a communication from the Secretary of War,
inclosing one ..from the Lieutenant General,
relative to the necessity for legislation upon
the subject of the Army.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. SCHENGK. I move that this message,
with the accompanying documents, be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and be
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that the letter of General Grant be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the communication of the Lieutenant General
will be road.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
as follows:
Headquaeters Armies of the United States,
Washixgtox, D. C., May 16,1866.
Sir: In view of the long delay in the*, lower House
of Congress in agreeing upon a plan of reorganiza-
tion of the Army suitable to our presont. requirements,
and the urgent necessity for early action, 1 am in-
duced to present the matter to you officially, and to
ask the attention of Congress to it, believing that
■when they hare the matter fairly before them they
will do what should be done speedily.
At the present time settlements are springing up
with unusual rapidity in the district of country be-
tween the Missouri river and the Pacific ocean, where
heretofore the Indian was left in undisputed posses-
sion. Emigrants are pushing to those settlements and
to the gold fields of the Rocky mountains by every
available highway. The peoplo flocking to those
regions are citizens of the United States and are en-
titled to the protection of the Government. Thcyare
developing the resources of the country to its great
advantage, thus making it the interest as well as
duty to give them military piotection. This makes
a much greater force west of tho Mississippi neces-
sary than was ever heretofore required.
A small military force is required in all tho States
heretofore in rebellion, and iteannotbc foreseen that
this force will not be required for some time to come.
It is to be hoped that this force will not be necessary
to enforco the laws, either State or national; but the
difference of sentiment engendered by tho great war
which has raged for four years will make tho presence
of a military force necessary to give a feeling of se-
curity to the people. Allclassesdisposed to obey tho
laws of the country will feel this alike. To maintain
order the Government has boon compelled to retain
volunteers. All white volunteers have become dis-
satisfied and claim that the contract with them has
been violated by retaining them after the war was
over. By reason of dissatisfaction they are no longer
of use, and might as well be discharged at once, every
one now remaining in service. Tho colored volunteer
lias equal right to claim his discharge, but as yet he
lias not done so. How long will existing laws author-
ize the retention of this lorcc, oven if they are con-
tent to remain?
Tho United States Senate passed promptly a bill
for tho reorganization of the Army, which, in my
opinion, is as free from objection as any great meas-
ure could possibly bo, and which would supply the
minimum requisite force. It gives but a few thousand
additional men over the present organization, but
gives a large number of additional battalions and com-
panies. The public service guarding routes of travel
over the plains and giving protection in tho southern
States demands tho occupation of a great number of
posts. For many of them a small company is just as
efficient as one with more men in it would be. Tho
bill beforo Congress, or the ono that has passed the
Senate, gives increased number of companies, by
diminishing the number, rank and file, of each com-
pany. It is an exceedingly appropriate measure in
this particular," for it provides lor the increase when
occasion requires more men. The company is tho
smallest unit of organization that can bo used with-
out materially injuring discipline and efficiency.
Tho belief that Congress would act promptly oil this
matter, if their attention was called to it, has induced
me to respectfully ask 5*our attention to it. If you
agree 'with me in this matter, I would also ask, if you
deem it proper, that this, with such indorsement as
you may oe pleased to make, bo laid before Congress,
through the Speaker of the House.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. S. (iKAiS 1,
Lieutenant General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I should like
to move that this communication be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, with in-
structions to report for the consideration of
the House the military bill which passed the
Senate, and which is now in the hands of that
committee.
The SPEAKER. This communication has
already been referred to that committee, on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
Sciiexck:.] It was afterward read by unani-
mous consent. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Thayer] can only attain his object
by moving to reconsider the vote by which the
communication was referred. If the motion
to reconsider should prevail, tho question would
recur on the motion to refer, and then the
motion to add instructions would lie in order.
Mr. THAYER. I move, then, to reconsider
the vote by which the communication was
referred to tho Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The potion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to—
ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
leave ok absence.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, asked leave of
abscr.ce for Mr. Delaxo and Mr. Hubeell, of
Ohio, for one week.
Leave was granted.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall resume the consideration of House
bill No. 513, all debate upon the pending par-
agraph and the amendments thereto terminate
in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of tho Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
'' An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 186-1, and acts amendatory thereof.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending ques-
tion was on Mr. Schenck's amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] consents to modify tho amend-
ment so it will read "whose receipts as such
shall not exceed annually SI,000."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to strike out
the word "laborer" and to insert the word
"person."
Tho amendment was adopted.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move to strike out
"gold."
Mr. Chairman, mining for gold and silver is
very different from mining for other metals,
and I think there should be a distinction be-
tween them. In one case, men can employ
their capital with an almost certain prospect
of being repaid, while those who engage in
mining for silver and gold are differently situ-
ated. They have to go into wild and almost
inaccessible mountain regions without any cer-
tainty of any return. You may ask why men
will do this. It is almost inexplicable. It lies
as deep as human nature itself. The poet
tells us,
"Hope springs eternal in the human breast."
These men travel forty miles a day and suffer
all manner of hardships, and they not only lose
all their time but very often all their money.
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will prevail. I withdraw my
amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 33, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Bidwell and
Tiiayer.
The committee was again divided; and the
tollers reported—ayes 57, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
48. Express carriers shall pay ten dollars. Every
person, firm, or company engaged in the carrying or
delivery of money, valuable papers, or any articles
for pay, or doing an express business, whoso gross
receipts therefrom exceed the sum of $600per annum,
shall be regarded as an express carrier: Provided,
That but one special tax of ten dollars snail m
imposed upon any one person, firm, or company m
respect to all the business to be dono by such person,
firm, or company on a continuous route, ana the
payment of sueh tax shall cover all business dono
upon such route by such person, firm, or company
anywhere in the United States, and such tax shall be
required only from tho principal in sucli business,
and not from any subordinate.
Mr. ALLISON. I move in line thirteen''
hundred and ninety-nine to strike out " $000"
and t,o insert " $2,000."
I do this for the purpose of protecting a class
of honest, industrious poor people who are_ en-
gaged in the business of teaming and draying.
They are compelled to take out a- license of
ten dollars when their receipts exceed $600.
It compels every man who drives a team in
the county or a dray in the town to take out
a license. It in effect taxes labor. _ It seems
to me to be straining at a gnat while we are
swallowing a camel. The committee were will-
ing that some larger sum should be inserted,
but could not agree on the particular sum. I
think $2,000 is as small as it should be.
Mr. MORRILL. I. object to $2,000 as too
large, but I will not object to making it $1,000.
I move to amend the amendment by inserting
§1,000 instead of $000.
Mr, ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend*
