1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
their wives and children, under such rules and regu-
lations as ho may direct.
Sir, was there ever such vast and extensive
power given to any man before by any Govern-
ment on this globe? There is no amount that
he may not take; there is no end to the debt
that he may entail upon this Government, pro-
vided only that he may deem it needful. I may
be told, sir, that the Secretary of War is an hon-
est man, and that he will only issue such pro-
visions as may be necessary. This may be true,
sir; that hp is honest in the strictest sense of
that term it is not my purpose to question in
the slightest degree; but if he is, I desire to
keep him honest, and not to place a temptation
before him of this character. By such means
there is no doubt in my mind but that many
honest men, even in our own country, have been
induced to commit crimes which they never
would have desired to do if the temptation
had not been presented to them. It is there-
fore, Mr. Speaker, most improper and unsafe
to confer more power upon any officer of this
Government than is absolutely necessary to
enable him to carry out the purposes for which
the power is granted. Suppose that we should
be so unfortunate as to have a dishonest man
placed at the head of the War Department,
what restriction does this bill place upon him in
regard to this matter? None, sir; not a single
one, except that he may deem it needful. How
many of his friends, his political admirers, or
those who will do his bidding, may lie not enrich
under the power here conferred only upon the
condition that he may deem it needful for the
temporary support of the freedmen, their wives
and children ?
The fourth section of this bill authorizes the
President to reserve from sale or from settle-
ment, for the use of freedmen and loyal refu-
gees, unoccupied public lands in the States of
Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and
Arkansas, not exceeding in all three million
acres of good land. These lands are to be al-
■ lotted and assigned to the freedmen and refu-
gees in parcels not exceeding forty acres to each.
These lands they are to have at such annual rent
as may be agreed upon between the Commis-
sioner and themselves. The rental shall be
based upon a valuation of the land, to be ascer-
tained in such manner as the Commissioner
may, under the direction of the President, by
regulation prescribe.
In the sixth section of this bill it is provided:
That the Commissioner shall, under the direction
of the Piesident, piocurc in the name of the United
State?, by grant or purchase, such lands within the
districts aforesaid as may be required for refugees anil
freedmen dependenton the Government, for support;
and ho shall provide or eausc to be crciotccl suitable
buildings for asylums and schools. But no such pur-
chase shall bemade, noreontract torfhesameentercd
into, nor other expcnseincui red, until after appropi i-
ations shall have been provided by Congress for such
purposes. And no payments shall be made for lands
purchased under this section, except for asylums and
schools, from any moneys no t specifically appropriated
therefor. And the Commissioner shall cause such
lands fromtimetotimoto bo valued, allotted, assigned,
and sold in manner and form provided in tho fourth
section of this aet, at a price not less than the cost
thereof to tho United States.
Here, Mr. Speaker, wchave, in my judgment,
a development of the grand purposes and de-
signs of those who introduced this bill. It is,
sir, I have no doubt, to commence a colony in
each one of the five States above named, which
is ultimately to drive out the entire white pop-
ulation of those States and fill their places
with the negro race. And whether this is the
design or not, it is certain in my judgment to
have this effect. And they could not have de-
vised a more effectual scheme for that purpose.
Sir, let us look at these provisions: in the first
place they set apart the unoccupied public lands
in those States for the use of the colored peo-
ple. It is true they speak of loyal refugees ; in
this they may include white persons. But I
presume that we all know that none of this
class will be there. These lands are now in a
wild slate: they are either in forests or prairie.
What is the first thing to be done ? Are the
colored people to go there and make their own
improvements at their own expense as the
white people in this country have always had
to do? No, sir, we are to be more kind and
liberal to them. The Secretary of Waris to be
clothed with authority to erect shelters and fur-
nish provision, clothing, medical attention, and,
in a word, do everything that he may deem need-
ful for temporary support. But, sir, they do
not stop here ; this is not enough ; the Com-
missioner is authorized to purchases sites and
buildings for schools and asylums, to be used
by these people, but to be held as United States
property. And not only this, the Commis-
sioner under the direction of the President is
to have power to purchase or rent such tracts
of land in the several districts aforesaid as may
bo necessary to provide for the indigent refu-
gees and freedmen dependent upon the Gov-
ernment for support. Sir, who can estimate
the cost for all this? IIow much is it to cost
tho Government to build shelters 011 all this
unoecupicd public land? What sort of shel-
ters are they to be ? IIow much is it to cost to
feed, clothe, and furnish medical aid, &c., to
these people until they can support themselves?
Will they ever bo in a condition to support
themselves ? How much is it to cost to pur-
chase sites and buildings for schools and asy-
lums? IIow many tracts of landwillthe Com-
missioner purchase underthis authority ? What
is to be the size of the tracts ? How much is lie
to pay per acre? How many farms will he rent,
and what is he to pay for rent? Sir, these are
important questions, the answers to which the
people have a right to demand. But, sir, they
will demand in vain ; 110 living man can toll.
And another still more important question, Mr.
Speaker, is, how long is the Government to
support these people? Will the white people
who have to support tho Government ever get
done paying taxes to support the negroes? If
this is not, to continue always, why did notthose
who introduced this bill fix atime when all this
was to stop ?
Mr. Speaker, I have said that in my judg-
ment, if this bill is passed, that its effect would
be to drive the white people all out of the States
named, and substitute in their place the col-
ored people. Sir, it is not to be expected that
the two races will live contentedly where there
are large numbers of the colored people living
near to neighborhoods settled with white per-
sons ; experience has proved to many of us,
that wherever large numbers of colored people
live, that the white people living within five or
ten miles of the place become sufferers to a very
large extent. Now, sir, ifthisshouldbethecase
(as I have no doubt it will) in the States in
which you propose to establish these people,
the whites and blacks will disagree to such an
extent that when people find that the colored
people are permanently established they will
lie compelled, in self defense, to seek a home
somewhere else. No doubt, Mr. Speaker, but
that those who prepared this bill saw that the
diificulties and disagreements to which I have
just alluded would arise, and hence they re-
quire that military jurisdiction and protection
shall be extended, so as to give safety in their
movements ; and if the white inhabitants be-
comedissatisfied, the Commissioner is prepared
with authority by this bill to buy tlieui out and
put the negroes upon the land. Who, then,
can doubt as to what is to be the effect of this
bill if it becomes a law? But, sir, it may bo
said that the Commissioner is restrained or pro-
hibited from purchasing or making contracts
for these lands until Congress shall have made
an appropriation to pay for them. Sir, if this
bill is passed, I do not suppose that there will
ever be much difficulty in getting Congress to
make an appropriation, if it be recommended
by the President and the Commissioner of this
bureau. Sir, the necessity for purchasing these
lands is admitted by those who vote for this
measure : and if this is not so, why is it put in
this bill ?
Now, sir, there is another consideration iv liieh
may afford a reason for extending this bureau
to all parts of the United States. The Secre-
tary of War is authorized to furnish transporta-
tion to these people to any extent that he may
deem needful. And I understand that there
are now large numbers of these people in some
of the northern-States, and also in Canada, who
are anxious to return to their old homes, now
that slavery is abolished. There are, I am in-
formed, others who desire to emigrate to the
northwestern States. Now, sir, if this be true,
the Secretary of War is ready by authority to
pay for the transportation of these people where
ever they may wish to go. Surely, sir, -we arc
extremely kind to these people. Why is it that
they cannot pay their own transportation as
the white people have to do ? Have we not taxes
enough to pay without adding to the enormous
burdens now pressing upon us, simply to trans-
port the negroes and their effects from one part
of the country to another? Surely, sir, it is
time to stop this sort of legislation.
Mr. Speaker, there is another portion of this
very extraordinary bill to which I desire to ask
the attention of this House. It is the fifth sec-
tion of the bill, and reads as follows:
That the occupants of land under Major General
Sherman's special field order, dated at Savannah,
January 16,1865, arc hereby confirmed in their pos-
session for tho period of three years from the date of
said order. And no person shall be disturbed in or
ousted from said possession during said throe years,
unless a settlement shall be made with said occupant
by the owner, satisfactory to the Commissioner of the
I'reedmen's Bureau.
Now, sir, 1 do not propose at this time to
express any opinion in regard to the action of
Major General Sherman upon that occasion.
1 only desire to say in regard to him that I re-
gard him as one of the best military men known
to this or any other age, a sound patriot and
an able statesman. But, sir, I cannot see the
propriety or the justice in singling out these
people and bestowing upon them greater favors
than upon any other colored people. Neither
do I see the propriety nor justice in taking from
the white people that which actually belongs
to them and bestowing it upon any portion of
the African race. Sir, I deny that Congress
lias tho right thus to interfere with private prop-
erty. The Constitution, which we nave all taken
an oath to support, expressly prohibits and for-
bids the taking of private property without just
compensation. Sir, shall we now in time of
peace disregard that Constitution and that oath
for any purpose, much less to take property
from white persons, who are, as I understand,
the actual owners of the property, and give it
to colored people or to any other race? For
one, sir, I cannot do it. But, Mr. Speaker, sup-
pose we have the right or authority under the
Constitution to continue those people in posses-
sion of the lands referred to, would it be ex-
pedient, would it be better calculated to pro-
mote the interest of tho Government than to
allow the owners to take possession of their own
lands? Sir, it is necessary in tho present affairs
of our country that tho Government should
afford all proper facilities to the people in order
that they may be enabled to assist in paying the
immense debt now resting upon us. Do gen-
tlemen suppose that these lands in tho posses-
sion of the colored people will afford any reve-
nue to this Government? If so, I must confess,
sir, that they differ very greatly from myself.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is one condition upon
which this bill does agree that the owner may
have his land, and that, is that he shall first have
a settlement with the occupant, and of course
get his consent, and then make the arrange-
ment satisfactory to the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau. Sir, why is it, if these peo-
ple arc free and are qualified to exercise tho
highest privileges that can be bestowed upon
freemen, namely, the right of suffrage, why is
it that they cannot be allowed the poor priv-
ilege to make a contract to give up to the owner
property to which he has no right without hav-
ing to obtain the consent of the Commissioner
of this bureau? Sir, I do not covet such free-
dom as that, neither can I believe that where
such supervision is necessary in order to pro-
tect the colored race that tliey arc cpialified to
come in and take an equal stand by the side of
the more intelligent, and participate in ruling
this great nation by the exercise of the right of
suffrage.
Mr. Speaker, there is another fact connected
