1866.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
39th Cong....1st Sess. *
Reconstruction—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States. Allow me briefly to run over its prop-
ositions.
It first proposes to declare that " all persons
bom in the United States, and subject to.the
jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United
States and of the States wherein they reside."
That is the first proposition. Is there any
objection to it? The Senator from Indiana
l"Mr. Hendricks] yesterday, I think, assailed
this proposition as one calculated to degrade
the great right of American citizenship, a right
which he seemed to think should be held ex-
•x clusively to the use and behoof of the nobler
and loftier races of the world. It degrades,
does it, sir, the character of American citizen-
ship to admit all men to it who are born and
reared upon American soil ? Mr. President,
I dissent from that idea altogether, and I was
surprised to hear it fall from the lips of the
Senator from Indiana, of all men in the world.
I thought he was a Democrat. I thought he
boasted himself the champion of equal rights.
I thought that was the bread and the meat and
the drink of his political creed. I did not
think he belonged to that class of nobility that
measure their exaltation by the number of
negroes they have under their heels. I did
not suppose he felt it necessary to stand upon
the necks of human beings in order to secure
his patent of nobility ; and I was surprised to
hear this sentiment fall from his lips. I differ
from it so widely and so radically as this, that
I say there is no one proposition in the pro-
posed amendment, and nothing in the Consti-
tution as it stands, which will do so much to.
elevate the character and the dignity of Amer-
ican citizenship as that simple proposition.
Nay, sir, I go further, and I tell you you will
never have occasion to boast but you will
always have occasion to blush for American
citizenship until the time shall come when you
can say to all the world that American insti-
tutions do not raise a man that is not worthy
to be an American citizen and is not clothed
with its panoply. I will vote for this proposi-
tion, and I shall not fear that American citi-
zenship will be degraded by incorporating this
clause in the Constitution.
It proposes further to say that—
No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of cit-
zens of the United States; nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property without
due proeess of law; nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the Cfiual protection of the laws.
Sir, does any one object to putting that prop-
osition into the Constitution? Docs anyone
on this floor desire to reserve to any State the
right to abridge the privileges or immuni-
ties of citizens? Do you do it in the State in
which you reside, sir, [Mr. Hendricks in the
chair,] and whose legislation and institutions
you have done so much to mold? Is it done
in any of the States represented here? I can-
not deny it for all of them ; but for many of
them I do happen to know that no such abridg-
ment of privileges or immunities is tolerated.
Is it necessary, however, to incorporate such
an amendment into your Constitution ? Do you
find in any of these communities seeking to
participate in the legislation of the United
States an appetite so diseased as seeks to
abridge these privileges and these immunities,
which seeks to deny to all classcs of its citi-
zens the protection of equal laws? Yes, Mr.
President, I am sorry to say, we do find just
such an appetite, and it is necessary to amend
your Constitution in this year of our Lord in
order to prevent the gratification of that dis-
eased appetite. It is known to the wide world
now that but for the authority which has been
exerted on the part of the United States most
of these communities which now seek the right
to participate in our legislation would have
denied to a large portion of their respective
populations the plainest and most necessary
rights of citizenship. The right to hold land
when they had bought it and paid for it would
have been denied them ; the rightto collect their
wages by the processes of the law when they
had earned their wages; the right to appear in
the courts as suitors for any wrong done them
or any right denied them; the right to give tes-
timony in any court, even when the facts might
be within their knowledge—all these rights
would have been denied in most if not all of
these communities but for the fact, for which I
have once before rendered and now again ren-
der thanks to the President of the United States,
that he sat his face against these provisions or
most of them, and said he would not tolerate
them nor allow them to be sanctioned in any
one of these communities.
Most of these pretenses have been abandoned
in most of these communities; but, sir, these
are not the only rights that can be denied;
these are not the only particulars in which
unequal laws can be imposed. I have taken
considerable pains to look over the actual legis-
lation which has taken place in these several
communities with reference to their several
constituencies. I could, it seems to me, interest
the Senate for a long time by reading from that
legislation, but I shall not delay the Senate
longer than to call its attention to a single in-
stance. I read not long since a statute enacted
by the Legislature of Florida for the education
of her colored people. I read it in a Florida
newspaper. The paperboasted itself that Flor-
ida was the first State to step forward and
attempt the work of educating the children of
her colored population. And now, sir, I ask
the attention of the Senate to the provision
which that Legislature made for the education
of their colored population. They make pro-
vision for the education of their white children
also, and everybody who has any property there
is taxed forthe education of the white children.
Black and white are taxed alike for that pur-
pose; but for the education of colored children
a fund is raised only from colored men. It
amounts to one dollar a head upon all colored
males between the ages of twenty-one and fifty-
five years. There were in 1860 between twelve
thousand three hundred and twelve thousand
four hundred colored males between the ages
of twenty and fifty-five in Florida, so that that
fund would yield about twelve thousand dol-
lars dedicated to the work of educating the
colored children of Florida—not a magnificent
endowment, one would think. But how is it
to be expended ? First, there is to be a super-
intendent of colored schools for the State to be
paid out of it, and ho is to receive a salary of
§2,000. That reduces it essentially. Next,
there is to be an assistant superintendent of
colored schools for each county at ip'J.00 a year.
There are in the State of Florida, I believe,
tliirty-ninecountios, which would give -$7,S00to
the assistant, superintendents. Add that to the
salary of the State superintendent, and it takes
$9,800 from the school fund to pay the super-
intendents, leaving 82,200 to pay the teachers.
But the fund is not left quite so destitute as
that; they require each one of the teachers to
pay five dollars to the fund to get a license*to
teaeh. They are to be examined, their fitness
ascertained, and if permission is given them to
teach they are to pay five dollars, and that
goes to the fund. That swells it; when that
license is purchased they can set up a school.
Into that school, however, it is worthy of
remark that no child can go without permis-
sion of the superintendent or his assistant, and
no child can stay a day without the permission
of the superintendent or his assistant, and the
teacher who has paid five dollars for the per-
mission to teach cannot hold that permission a
day longer than the superintendent or assistant
superintendent sees fit to allow, for the statute
expressly authorizes the superintendent or as-
sistant superintendent to vacate or annul the
certificate whenever he shall see fit for incom-
petency or "other good cause"—any cause
which seems good to the superintendent or
assistant superintendent. I
There, Mr. President, I have submitted to
you one of the statutes in one of these States,,
as you will have them to be, touching one of
the great interests not only of this colored pop-
ulation but of the State itself, and I ask you,
any of you to-day, if in view of one such fact
as that you dare hesitate to put in the Consti-
tution of the United States a positive inhibition
upon exercising this power of local govern-
ment to sanction such a crime as I have just
portrayed.
Again, sir, we propose to change the basis
of representation in the different States. We
propose to base it still upon numbers; but it
is proposed^ to say that if in any State the right
of suffrage is denied to any portion of its male
inhabitants over the age of twenty-one years,
then a certain portion of the inhabitants of that
State shall be excluded from the numbers
counted in the basis of representation. Is that
objected to? Yes. Is it not just? Will you
tell me what reason there is why when three mil-
lion people inhabiting these States-are denied
the right to vote for Representatives, other three
millions should have a double representation
in the Congress of the United States? To all
the people who are allowed to choose Repre-
sentatives in those States we give by this
amendment just the representation that we
give to the same number of people in any other
State. The effect of it simply is to say that
those people who are not allowed to choose
Representatives shall not be represented. They
cannot be represented; it is a physical impos-
sibility. It is no use to talk about three mil-
lion colored people being represented, when
not one of them is consulted in the choice of
Representatives. The'Representatives choseli
for those men are representing some other
men, not them.
I am sorry to have to put that clause into
our Constitution, as I am sorry for the ne-
cessity which calls upon us to put the pre-
ceding clause into the Constitution. I wish
there was no community and no State in the
United States that was not prepared to say
with my friend from Nevada that all men may
be represented in the Congress of the United
States and shall be represented and shall choose
their own Representatives. That is the better
doctrine; that is the true doctrinc. I would
much prefer, myself, to unite with the people
of the United States in saying that hereafter
no man shall be excluded from the right to
vote, than to unite with them in saying that
hereafter some men may be excluded from the
right of representation.
Sir, to the debate which we have had on this
question of the right of suffrage I have listened
with a great deal of interest. I trust I have
derived some instruction from it, but after all
it is not so much as I think would have come
to me but for the fact that since I have first
known politics at all, I think I have known
that no State can deny to any large portion of
its adult male population the right to vote, the
right to an equal voice in the making of its
laws and the choice of its officers, without dan-
ger to that State, the whole community, as
well as great wrong to the individuals ex-
cluded.
I know it is said that these colored people
who have just been released from slavery down
there in these communities aie not fit to vote.
I admit it. Who is fit to vote? Only the man
who alwaj s knows how to vote right, and who
always will vote right, is really fit to vote ; and,
tried by that standard, how many of us are
qualified to vote ? These people, it is said, are
very ignorant, very debased, utterly^ uncul-
tured and untutored. Yes, Mr. President, I
believe that is so. Who made them so? The
very men who you insist shall have the exclu-
sive right of voting there, is it more danger-
ous to be an ignorant man than to make an
ignorant man ? Tell me that. Is he a more
dangerous member of the State who simply
is ignorant, than he who having the power to
