220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 5,
Senate.
Reconstruction,—Mr. Howe.
39th Gong.... 1st Sess.
command otherwise makes men ignorant ? The
men in whose handsyou wanttopile'up authority
are the men who have imposed this ignorance
upon that black population down there. You
say they are degraded. The degradation is not
natural to them; it is imposed upon them, and
you know it; and the men who have done it
you want to crown. God knows there are no
people more unfit to exercise the right of suf-
frage than they are, except the men who made
them such as they are, and those men are still
more unfit.
But, Mr. President, I beg leave to say to you
that ignorance is not the worst quality that you
have to contend with in the State. The man
who does not know how to vote is not so unfit
to vote, after all, as the man who knows how
to vote and will not vote as his convictions
dictate. He is the dangerous man. He is the
man that imperils all your laws. He is the
worst enemy in republican States and in all
States. He is the man against whom you have
most to guard. The ignorant man necessarily
has no predetermination to vote wrong; he is
just as willing to vote right as wrong; and he
can be instructed to vote right just as readily
as to vote wrong if you take the same pains to
instruct him in the right that you do to instruct
him in the wrong, provided he is honest; and
honesty dwells with ignorance just as readily,
and, thank God, just as lovingly, as it does with
culture, and you will find it there as often.
As I said before, I would much prefer to
unite with the people of the United States in
laying the command upon all men to permit
all men to vote than to concur in laying the
command on any portion of our fellow-men to
go without the right. If, however, these com-
munities upon whom this pvovision, it is sup-
posed, will work most disadvantageously, do
not like it, the remedy is plain and simple in
their own hands. They have only to put the
ballot into the hands of these men, allow them
to choose Representatives, and Representatives
will come here representing the whole of their
population.
But again, sir, it is proposed to say that no
person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, in short, under
the United States who has ever taken an oath
to support the Constitution of the United
States and then violated that oath and become
a traitor to the Government of the United
States. That presses hard. That is going to
curtail the rights and the privileges of some
of the men in these rebellious States. I ask
the Senate to pause upon this proposition. I
ask the Senate to consider this proposition
carefully before they assent to it. It declares
that such a man as Jefferson Davis, or Henry
A. Wise, or John Slidell, or James M. Mason
shall not hereafter hold office under the Gov-
ernment of Ihe United States unless two thirds
of Congress shall hereafter concede that priv-
ilege to him. It is a pretty harsh thing to say.
I feel it keenly; I feel it sensitively. It is
precisely what the President, I am told, has
said about me and about men who think as I
do. It is what the Secretary of the Treasury
has said about men who think as I do, that
we shall not hold office, offices which they
have the control of and can exclude us from.
I have all along thought this harsh. I have
thought it was especially harsh to be told by
the Secretary of the Treasury, who is particu-
larly anxious and has called upon us to remit
our test oath so that he can employ traitors in
the service of the Government of the United
States, that men cannot hold office under him
who were guilty of no offense but thinking as I
do. I have never considered myself criminal
for anything which I think, for any vote which
I have given, for any word which I have
spoken. Doutless I am somewhat guilty ; but
a man so charitable and tolerant as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, a man whose charity
is so broad that it covers all this rebellion and
the guilt by which it is accompanied, ought to
have charity enough to forgive such political
sins as mine:
Sir, do not make this declaration unless you
think it is just. I shall vote for it, because I
feel as the Senator frofli Kansas [Mr. Lane]
said the other day he felt, that men who have
forfeited their necks to the halter can very
well afford to commute by refraining from
taking office for a short time. I do not think
the Government of the United States can be
accused of a great want of magnanimity when
it does no more than to take traitors down
from the scaffold, even if it does neglect to
confer office and dignity upon them for the time
being, and so I shall vote for this proposition.
But again, we propose to declare that the
obligations of the United States incurred in
suppressing this rebellion shall be met as hon-
est men meet all their obligations. I will not
argue that proposition to the Senate. I do not
know that it is likely to be opposed. We pro-
pose to say, furthermore, that the debt which
has been incurred in the effort to overthrow
the Government of the United States shall not
be paid ; nor shall the United States ever be
taxed to pay the value of the slaves we have
made free, and were compelled to make free,
to save the life of the nation.
Upon the features of this amendment I pro-
pose to spend no further time. It is of no
value, we are told, unless the people adopt it.
That is true. Will the people of the several
States assent to this amendment of the Consti-
tution? I do not know. I am not endowed
with the gift of prophecy. I cannot tell. It
ought to become a part of your Constitution ;
that I know; and I am very much in the habit
of thinking that what ought to be done will be
done. But what alternative is there ? These
communities have no representatives upon
this floor; they wish to have them ; we want
them to have representation here. They ought
to have them. Let them assent to these most
reasonable, most just, and most necessary
propositions, and representation will be con-
ceded to them. There is no alternative that I
know of except that presented in what is called
the President's policy.
Mr. HOWARD. What does that mean?
Mr. HOWE. What does that mean? It
means this: that although these people are not
fit to make laws at home, and cannot beallowed
to make them, yet they must be allowed to
send representatives here to participate in
making laws for the United States. That is
what it means.
Sir, we have heard a good deal about the
President's policy. I should not feel called
upon to review it here but for the fact that it is
held up to us as a model plan, because it so
sacredly and religiously respects the rights of
States. It respects the rights of States, and
therefore is constantly held up before us as
being utterly at variance and at war with the
idea which I submitted in January last. Why,
Mr. President, it is upon all-fours precisely
what that idea was, except that the President
established the provisional governments, while
I thought that Congress should establish them.
The first act of the President with reference
to these communities was to overthrow every
semblance of government within them. The
second act was to concentrate every particle of
that local authority in the hands of a single
man appointed by him in each one of those
communities. Thatis what youcall respecting
the rights of States, is it ? - That is the way you
would have the rights of States respected!
Listen to a clause of that organic law which
the President enacted for the government of
these communities. Omitting the preamble
which recites his reasons for the step he was
about to take, he proceeds to say:
"Now, therefore, in obedience to the high and
solemn duties imposed upon me by the Constitution
of the United States, and for the purpose of enabling
the loyal people of said State to organize a State gov-
ernment, whereby justice may be established, domes-
tie tranquillity insured, and loyal citizens protected
in all their rights of life, liberty, and property, I, An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, and
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States, do hereby appoint William W. Hol-
den"—
What for? To be—
"provisional governor of the State of North Car-
olina, whose duty it shall be, at the earliest practica-
ble period, to prescribe such rules and regulations as
may be necessary and proper lor convening a con-
vention, composed of delegates to be chosen by that
portion of the people of said State who are loyal to
the United States, and no others, for the purpose of
altering or amending the constitution thereof."
That was the proclamation sent forth to Mr.
Holden in North Carolina. A proclamation
like that was sent forth to Mr. Sharkey in Mis-
sissippi, and to some individual in each one
the other States. That single clause which
have read to you, not only ignored the authority
of Governor and Legislature and judge and
municipal officer in these several States, but
it absolutely ignored, set- aside, trampled upon
their oi-ganic laws and their constitutions. Some
of these States, and most of them, had clauses
in their constitutions prescribing the very mode
in which their constitutions could be amended.
The President of the United States ignores
them all, disregards them all, and says to a
man. "All the authority belonging to that State
I put in your hands from this time forward ;
go on irrespective of your statutes and your
constitutions; call together your people, pre-
scribe the districts which may elect, prescribe
the qualifications of those who may vote, and
thus convene a body of men which shall make
a new constitution for your State." It is indeed
making an entirely new State.
Mr. President, in the history of the execu-
tive effort to reconstruct these States many
very noticeable facts are found. I have been
profoundly interested in looking over the jour-
nal of these executive efforts to make loyal
States out of rebel communities. It was a diffi-
cult enterprise, you will see at once upon the
face of the thing. That it should not have run
entirely smooth I think would have been an-
ticipated by anybody, especially commencing
on that plan. I want to call your attention to
some of these features. Most of these provis-
ional governors entered upon the work as-
signed to them by issuing proclamations of
their own, telling their respective subjects what
was expected of them and how to do it. Gov-
ernor Marvin, who was appointed provisional
governor of Florida, and who, I believe, was
one of the most intelligent of them all, issued
a proclamation to his subjects; for you see
they were all subjects o£ his, not constituents
of his. He derived no power, no authority,
from them whatever. He represented the
President. As these were the people put into
his hands to govern and to control for the time
being, he issued a proclamation. He pre-
scribed the qualifications which were required
to enable a man to vote. He required them
to be loyal; that is to say, he required them
to take an oath that they would be loyal; and
he required that nobody should vote who had
been a traitor unless he had been pardoned;
but he says:
"Wherethe person offering to vote comes within
the exceptions contained in the amnesty proclama-
tion "—
That is, where he is a $20,000 mail, I pre-
sume—
"and shall have taken the amnesty oath, and shall
have made application to the President for a special
pardon through the provisional governor, and shall
have been recommended by him for such pardon, the
inspectors or judges of the election may, in most
instances "—
What?—
"properly presume that such pardon has been granted,
though, owing to the want of mail facilities, it may
not have been received by the party at the time of the
election."
In other words, if, on the morning of the
election, a man who has not been -pardoned
shall take the amnesty oath, and get the gov-
ernor's recommendation for a pardon to be
