1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
sent to Washington, the inspector of the elec-
tion may presume he has been pardoned, but
has not received his pardon for the want of
due mail facilities. That is the legal presump-
tion established for such cases in the procla-
mation of the provisional governor of the State
of Florida.
Governor Holden, who took one of these com-
missions, had some doubts about the right of
some of his people to vote. What does he do ?
He does not look into the law or constitution
of North Carolina to settle the question. If
my friend, the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] was appealed to by one of his fel-
low-citizens to know whether he had a right
to vote, I do not precisely know what he would
do. I think he would go to the statutes of
Michigan, if he did not recollect the law, and
I think he would do anything or everything
except just what Governor Holden did. What
did he do ? He wrote to the Secretary of State
to know whether such a man could vote or
not. The Secretary of State was inquired of
as to whether a certain man should vote in the
State of North Carolina. This was in execu-
tion of that plan which is so very respectful
and religiously regardful of the rights of the
States. Here is Governor Holden's letter:
state of north carolina.
Executive Department,
Raleigh, North Carolina, June 19,1865.
Sir : I shall soon have to give directions to county
boards, making provisions for the enrollment of
voters.
I respectfully request to be instructed whether
paroled soldiers will be allowed to vote for delegates
to the State convention upon taking the oath of
amnesty, or will each soldier have to procure the
President's pardon?
I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. W. HOLDEN.
Hon. William H. Seward, Secretary of State.
Mr. SUMNER. Was it not addressed to the
Secretary of State as having charge of our for-
eign relations?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Holden must have thought
he was dealing with a State not in the Union,
but out of the Union, and that he must consult
with the Department of Foreign Relations to
know whether he had a right to vote or not.
That did not occur to me. It is very plausible,
very probable. I accept that explanation for
the purposes of this argument.
But, Mr. President, the worst difficulty they
seem to have had in getting along with this
plan was in South Carolina. South Carolina
proved a regular hard nut to be cracked. Sev-
eral of these governors, when they received
their commissions, not knowing exactly what
to do with them, especially not knowing who
was to pay them for discharging the duties im-
posed upon them, at once addressed letters to
the Secretary of State to know who was going
to pay their salaries. They got along with that
very well. They were informed that their sal-
aries would be paid upon bills being presented
to the State Department, the Department of
Foreign Relations. In South Carolina, Mr.
B. F. Perry was appointed to be governor of
those dominions. Perry seems to have been
a little technical, crotchety, I should think.
He was here in Washington, I take it, at the
time he received his commission. The very
first thing he does is to write a letter to the
Department of Foreign Relations, dated Wil-
lard's Hotel, July 21, 1865:
'' T)e a p. Sir : I desire to know what provision has
been made for defraying the expenses"—
Not of the provisional governor, but—
"of the provisional government in South Carolina;
likewise, whether I am allowed a private secre-
tary, and his compensation; also, as to stationery,
blanks," &c.
This is from the Governor of the sovereign
State cf South Carolina.
"In your communication to me inclosing my com-
mission, you state that I am to receive a salary of
$3,000, and may draw for the same on your Depart-
ment monthly or quarterly. As wo have no money
in South Carolina at this time, it would be avciy
ereat accommodation to ma to allow mo to draw a
quarter's salary at this time. If this can bedone and
you will send ine a draft for the same, you will very
much oblige me."
Then he goes on to ask for further and fuller
instructions as to what he shall do. That was
rather a poser. The Department of Foreign
Relations seemed to have no difficulty in dis-
posing of the mere matter of the governor's
salary. They could get along by charging that
over to the incidental fund of the War Depart-
ment; but this undertaking to pay the expenses
of that provisional government, and the pri-
vate secretary, and all these assistants, to say
nothing about the stationery of the executive
department, was rather a poser ; but the Sec-
retary met it. On the very next day he replied,
as follows:
Department op State,
Washington, July 22,1865.
Sir : I have received your letter of yesterday, and
trust that the favorable anticipations which it ex-
presses in regard to the-reorganization of the State
of South Carolina will be realaed.
The inevitable and indispensable charges attend-
ing the measure, including your salary as provisional
governor, will be paid by the War Department as
an expense incident to the suppression of the rebel-
lion. You will, consequently, frame and submit to
that Department an estimate of those expenses, in
order that the necessary arrangements for defraying
them may be made.
I am, sir, your very obedient servant,
WILLIAM 11. SEWARD.
His Excellency B. F. Perry, Provisional Governor of
South Carolina, now in Washington.
The Secretary of Foreign Affairs had to play
a little shy of that demand, but he met it hon-
orably and honestly. Mr. Perry evidently
seemed to think that as this cotillion was ar-
ranged by the United States the United States
should pay for the music. The Secretary of
State seems to have concurred in that view,
and although he was a little afraid it might
break him, ho entered into the arrangement,
but he says to the sovereign State of South
Carolina, " It is only the inevitable and una-
voidable expenses that is to say, you must
economize all you can, for we do not know
about this thing.
1 should like to read other incidents transpir-
ing in the progress of these efforts, but I have
detained the Senate too long upon thatsubject.
Let me conclude this part of the history with
saying that after a fashion in almost all these
communities, all, I believe, with the exception
of Texas, the President, with the assistance of
the Secretary of State, did succeed in setting
up organizations which they proceeded to name
State governments. Let them hereafter be
known as State governments.
But, sir, were thesegovernments clothed with
the prerogative of States? Did the President
so regard them? Did the Secretary of State
regard them as States clothed with the power
and with the attributes of States and vested
with the authority of Slates? The Secretary
tells us in a letter which he addressed to Gov-
ernor Marvin of Florida on the 12th of Septem-
ber, 18t>5, how he regarded them. He says :
"Sir, your Excellency's letter"—
That was really very respectful in the Secre-
tary of State. That looks as if he recognized
them as sovereign States. He addressed Gov-
ernor Marvin as "your Excellency"—
"Your Excellency's letter of the 29th ultimo
That was the letter in which he inclosed the
proclamation from which I read an extract a
short time ago—
"with the accompanying proclamation has been
received and submitted to the President. The steps
to which it refers, toward reorganizing the govern-
ment of Florida, seem to be in the main judicious, and
good results from them may bo hoped for. The pre-
sumption to which the proclamation refers, however,
in favor of insurgents who may wish to vote, and who
may have applied for but not xeceived their pardons,
is not entirely approved."
Not entirely approved—almost approved, not
quite.
"All applications for pardons will be duly consid-
ered, and will bo disposed of as soon as may be prac-
ticable. It must, however, be distinctly understood
that the restoration to which your proclamation
refers will bo subject to the decision of"—
The President? No—
"of Congress."
That was the notice personally served tipon
the Governor of Florida by the Secretary of
State, dispatched on the l'2th of September,
1865.
Mr. President, as further evidence of the
light in which the President and Secretary of
State regarded these reconstrnctedgovernments
down there, let me call your attention to a tel-
egram sent from the Department of State on
the 11th of November, 1865. That is after the
Secretary of State had been notified that Gov-
ernor Holden, in North Carolina, had gone on,
had assembled a convention, and had the con-
stitution amended, the amendments adopted by
the people, and the government elected under
it, the whole machinery set up, the fires un-
der the boilers, all ready to start the engine.
Holden thought the engine was going to start,
and that he had to start, too, that is to say, stop
playing provisional governor. The Secretary
of State seems to have been afraid that Holden
would start and let the new government run
on; he telegraphed to him on the 11th of No-
vember 1865, as follows:
" The President directs me to say that he expects
you to_ continue in the exercise of the functions of
provisional governor of North Carolina until you
shall have been relieved by directions from him."
Thus you see in that community which you
insist upon calling a State because it was once
made a State, the President not only intervened
at the close of the rebellion and wiped out of
existence every one of the local tribunals, put
the whole power in the hands of a single man,
authorized and ordered him to goon and reor-
ganize a new government, but after that new
government had been organized he still told
the one-man power to stay there in spite of
these new tribunals which had been chosen by
the people to represent them. "Stay there
because the President tells you to stay there "
or "stay there until relieved by the President."
That dispatch was sent on the 11th of Novem-
ber. It was not until the 4th of December
that the Secretary of State wrote to Governor
Holden:
"The time ha<! arrived when, in the judgment of
the President of the United States, the care and con-
duct of the proper affairs of the State of North Car-
olina may be remitted to the constitutional author-
ities chosen by the people thereof without dangor to
the peace and safety of the United States."
Almost a month after fie is notified of the
organization of this government the President
holds that whole power belonging to a State
in the hands of a single individual, notwith-
standing the people had done everything which
they had been told to do to regain possession
of that power.
So in Mississippi, on the 8th of September
the Secretary of State addressed to Governor
Sharkey this letter:
"Sir, your letter of the 28th ultimo, accompanied
by a copy of the amended constitution of Mississippi,
as adopted by_ the recent_ convention of that St ite,
has been received and will engage the early atten-
tion of the President."
On the ltitli of October Governor Sharkey
informed the Secretary of State as follows:
Jackson, Mississippi, October 19,1865.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that Benjamin
G. Humphreys, who was elected to theoffice of Gov-
ernor of the State at the late election, has been duly
installed into office, and that ail the other State offi-
cers have been duly qualified.^ The civil constita-
tionnl government of the State is now complete, and
the Legislature is in session.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. L. SltARKEY,
Late Provisional Governor.
Hon. William II. Seward, Secretary of State.
On the 3d of November the Secretary of
State sent a telegram to Governor Sharkey,
addressed to "his Excellency William L.
Sharkey, provisional governor of the State ot
Mississippi, Jackson.This is in reply to
Sharkey's communication in which he calls
himself "late provisional governor," and in
which he tells him that the Governor and- all
the officers elected by the people had been duly
