1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1701
murdering them; and, sir, when the Indians
have asserted their rights, attempted either to
retaliate or defend themselves, then we have
been appealed to by these same men asking us
to use the power of the Government to crush
these weak and outraged people. We find that
General Pope and other major generals have
been dispersed all over the western country with
troops at their back for the purpose of hunting
down and murdering Indians who in nine cases
out of ten would have lived peaceably with the
whites if they had been treated as they were
treated by William Penn on the banks of the
Delaware nearly two huudrc.d years ago.
_Mr. WINDOM. I ask the gentleman to
yield to mo I'or a moment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Only for a question.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman read from
one clause of the treaty which declares, as the
House heard, thai, these Indians shall not have
the power to alienate their lands, and he said
he was in favor of that. _ I would like to know,
then, why he opposes this bill which contains a
provision that nothing herein contained shall
be so construed as to authorize the alienation
of these lands. I do not understand what the
gentleman's theory is, when he opposes a prop-
osition for doing what he is contending it is our
duty to do.
Mr. 1XGERSOLL. I am not talking about
technicalities, or about fine constructions of
these treaty stipulations. Varnish it over as
you please, if this bill becomes a law, the white
men of Kansas will by operation of their tax
laws become the owners of these lands, and
the Indians will be driven out. I am taking
broad ground in favor of justice.
Mr. \VASIIBUI1NE, if Illinois. My col-
league will let me interrupt him for a moment.
I know that he does not wish to do injustice to
a distinguished citizen of our own State. He
referred to Major General Pope.
Mr. ROGERS, (in his seat.) lie meant the
Pope of Home. [Laughter.]
Mr. WxlSHBIJIl \TE, of Illinois. I ask my
colleague to read the report which Major Gen-
eral Pope has recently made to the Commander-
in-Chief on this subject, and he will find that
Major General Pope entertains the same views
m regard to these Indian difliculties that my
colleague does, as well as myself. In the allu-
sion which my colleague made to Major Gen-
eral Pope, I think, without intending it, he has
done a great injustice.
Mr. INGEIWOLL. I do not believe that
my remarks can be considered as imputing
anything wrong to Major General Pope. I
thank my colleague for calling my attention to
it, for I certainly have no disposition to do in-
justice to any one; but so far as the Pope of
Rome is concerned, I only wish he could be
dispersed a.mong the Indian tribes of America.
[Laughter.]
1 know the report of Major General Pope,
to which my colleague has referred, only con-
firms the position I have taken here, that the
white men. nine times out of ten. are the ag-
gressors ; that if they were disposed they could
live in amicable relations with the Indian
tribes upon onr frontiers. Why, sir, from the
first Indian war down to the present hour you
will find that in almost every case the whites
have been the aggressors, not the Indian race.
Now, sir, I do not propose by this bill to
place the power to invade the rights of these
Indians in the hands of the people of Kansas.
I do not suppose these gentlemen of the com-
mittee who report this lull are interested in
anv invasion of the rights ol' the Indians in
Kansas, but I say that men so disposed can
take advantage under this bill and deprive
these Indians of their lands under the tax laws
of Kansas. We ought not to pass such a bill.
And I am opposed to the amendment proposed
by the committee in addition to the bill as re-
ported by them this morning. It leaves thefo
Indians to die operation of the laws of Kansas.
Now. it is not to be supposed that they are
acquainted with the laws of Kansas, and I for
one am opposed to yielding our jurisdiction
over them to that State,
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for the purpose of moving a sub-
stitute for the bill.
Mr. INGEIISOLL. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out all
after the enacting clause and in lieu thereof to
insert the following:
That whenever a crime shall ba committed by an
Indian in Kansas he shall bo arrested wherever lie
may be found and tried wherever the crime was
alleged to have been committed.
The only excuse there seems to be for this
law against a people who are not represented
here is that they go into different parts of Kan-
sas, commit crimes, and fly back into their own
territory which has been secured to them by
treaty.
Now, if that is the only object desired my
amendment secures it. If these Indians com-
mit a crime, my amendment allows them to be
arrested anywhere within the State and taken
to the bailiwick in which the crime was com-
mitted and be tried there, and unless something
more is wanted than justice I think my amend-
ment is sufiicient.
Mr. 1XGERSOLL. I am willing-the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stcvexs] should be received.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
upon the amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs; then upon the substitute of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. ^tf.vexs.]
Mr. 1NGE1WOLL. This bill proposes to
give the State of Kansas a power which she does
not now possess ; that is7 the power of taxing
Indian lands. But it is not any\vhci*e proposed
that those Indians shall be represented in the
Legislature of Kansas, notwithstanding they
are to be, taxed. Thus it is proposed to violate
one of the cardinal principles of republican
government,, that taxation should be accompa-
nied by representation. The lands of these
Indians are to be taxed, amounting to thou-
sands and thousands of aeres, but the Induius
themselves are to be allowed no voice whatever
in the legi?dative body which is to pass the laws
imposing the taxes. That is a species of injus-
tice that i can never support.
Then, again, if you are going to impose, this
obligation upon these Indians, these half-civil-
ized Indians and those tending toward civiliza-
tion, you should confer upon them the right of
suffrage and lot them have a voice in the elec-
tion of members to the Legislature which is to
make the laws for governing them and taxing
their property. This bill, therefore, should bo
defeated, because it refuses the right of voting
and the right of representation, which should
accompany the obligation of paying taxes, un-
less the person taxed has forfeited his right to
representation by taking up arms against the
Government.
These are some of my objections to this bill.
Tfyou arc soing to tax the Indians for the pur-
pose of supporting the State government, then
1 am in favor of allowing them to vote the same
as the white men. If you do not want them to
vote, then let their property alone. I hope,
therefore, this bill and the amendment of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, will be voted
down. If there is any necessity for legislation,
I prefer the substitute of the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevkns.]
1 fit is true that these Indians have committed
crimes, then they can be punished in the [Uni-
ted States courts. i f it is true thai the property,
liberty, and lives of the citizens of Kansas can
be protected onlv l>v conferring upon her Stat"
courts the jurisdiction ov<_r these Indians, then
confer upon them the right to try them bel'me
a jury just a? in the case of other men. But
that does not necessarily involve -the right to
steal their land?.
Mr. "VTfNDOM ohtninerl the floor.
Mr. VfAllP. Will the gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Vv"jNj)om1 allow me to a<k the K^n-
tl^man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Si evi.n"s] a
question ?
Mr. WfNDOM. I will hear the question.
Mr. WARD. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if his substitute contem-
plates the extending State jurisdiction all over
the United States; that the process of the State
court for the arrest of an Indian shall extend
anywhere throughout the United States?
Mr. STEVENS. It does not propose to
change the court in which he is to be tried;
but empowers the State authorities to arrest
him in his own territory where ho may flee.
Mr. WARD. By what process would he be
arrested ?
Mr. STEVENS. The same as a white man,
or anybody else, would be arrested.
Mr. WARD. By State process?
Mr. STEVENS. By any process which
would arrest any other man for the same crime.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not think this bill is
liable to so grave objections as some of my
friends here seem to entertain in regard to it.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingeksoll]
seems to be very much excited over this sub-
ject of Indian affairs, and he has taken them
under his peculiar charge. I very much hope
that when wc shall hereafter bring in bills which
we now have before us for the benefit and pro-
tection of certain of those Indian tribes, we
shall find the gentleman as energetic then to
assist the committee as lie now seems to be in
opposition to them.
And one or two other gentlemen who are
opposed to this measure, and who say that it
is severe upon the Indians and likely to do
them injustice, I think have done far more in-
justice to the Indians by raising technical ob-
jections to another bill which we introduced.
Yesterday morning we brought a measure before
this House which should have been passed, but
which under the rules could only be passed in
case no objection was made. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] and the
gentleman lrom Illinois, [Mr. Waniiisluxe,]
both made the point, 1 believe, that the bill
should go to the Committee of the Whole, where
it will sleep perhaps the remainder of the ses-
sion. That bill was for the benefit of certain
Indians who have been always pcaceablo and
friendly to the United States.
It has seemed to me that whenever any
measure has bcenbrought forward for the ben-
efit of Indians who are peaceable and friendly,
it always meets with fargreateropposition from
some men in this House than those measures
which are brought forward for the benefit of
Indians who have been engaged in robbing and
murdering our white people.
J remember that at a former session an ap-
propriation bill was brought in here containing
an appropriation of ยง150,000 for some twelve
hundred Sioux Indians wdio had murdered from
eight hundred to nine hundred of our people
in Minnesota; while for some twenty-live hun-
dred Winnebago Indians, who lived side by-
side with the Sioux, but were always peaceable
and friendly, only about fifty thousand dollars,
was appropriated. I did not think there was
any piopriely in that then, any more than I
think there is in this opposition now.
The gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Ixger-
soij,.] h!i\ b we have sent General Pope with an
army to murder these Indians on the plains,
and that in nine eases out of ten the Indians
have been innocent.. Those Indians I believe
were the same that committed the horrible mas-
sacres in Minnesota in 18G'i. Now, I believeif
gentlemen will carefully rend the reports which
have been made in regard to the punishment
inflicted upon ihose Indians, it will be seen that
the United States have very little to answer for
in regard to killing Indians upon that expedi-
tion. The Government has expended millions
and millions of dollars for that purpose, "let
1 apprehend if the estimate could be made it
would be found that it has cost the Government
about live hundred thousand dollars for each
and every Indian killed. I do not think, so far
as the Sioux Indians are concerned, that the
charge of muider can e\er be laid at our doors ;
except it may he the murder;-, of oar own people.
Mr. INGERSOEL. I do not suppose the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Vv inoom] in-
tends to -do me injustice, when he makes
