1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3621
a commissary nor a quartermaster store. This
bill only provides for paying for quartermas-
ter's stores and commissary stores, and every
dollar of each, of those articles of property
which goes to the use of the Army is entered
on the returns of the quartermaster or the
commissary. That is the way he makes him-
self chargeable for the property, and then he
discharges himself by delivering it to the use
of the troops.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin had examined the bill he would ha^e
seen that it provided for the very thing which
he is at. The first section of the bill provides
that the stores must have been "actually re-
ceived or taken for £he use of and used by said
Army." A-man must prove that in order to
get his claim allowed. The property must
have been taken for the use of the Army, and
must have been actually used by the Army; so
that his amendment, I think, is provided for.
Now, I want to answer in a word, as I am
up, the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
who made a speech of some half hour in length,
and the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
one equally long, declaiming against this as a
precedent that would cost this Government, in
the language of the Senator from Michigan, a
billion dollars at least, and the Senator from
Oregon would like to go for this bill, but it es-
tablished such a precedent that he was alarmed.
Now, has the Senator from Oregon forgotten
that he has lived under this law for two years?
On the 4th day of July, 1864, the Congress of
the United States passed this law:
"That all claims of loyal citizens in States not in
rebellion for quartermaster's stores actually furnished
to the Army of the United States, and receipted for
by the proper officer receiving the same, or which
may have been taken by such officer without giving
such receipt, may be submitted to the Quartermaster
General of the United States, accompanied with such
proofs as each claimant can present of the facts in
his case; and it shall be the duty of the Quartermas-
ter General to cause such claim to be examined, and
if convinced that it is just, and of the loyalty of the
claimant, and that the stores have been actually re-
ceived or taken for the use of and nsed by said Army,
then to report each case to the Third Auditor of the
Treasury, with a recommendation for-settlement."
That was the law passed on the 4th day of
July, 1864. There was the precedent. If the
Senator is alarmed at the precedent, he has
lived under it for two years. That law applied
to Missouri, it applied to Kentucky, it applied to
West Virginia, it applied to Maryland—States
in which our armies were. Now, what is the
effect of this bill which we are trying to pass
to-day? It is simply to pay the loyal citizen
in Tennessee and Arkansas just as we have
been paying him in Kentucky and In Missouri
and in West Virginia and in Maryland all the
time; and it has other limitations on it. We
have put on the present bill a definition as to
what loyalty shall be, requiring the party af-
firmatively to show some loyal act. What else
have we done? We have taken away from the
Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General the right to pass upon claims to an
unlimited extent, and placed all claims over
$500 in the Court of Claims. This is a restrict-
ive bill. It is a bill requiring stricter proof
of loyalty than the present law requires. It is
a bill placing the larger claims under the juris-
diction of a court, throwing additional security
around the Government. That is what this bill
is; and if there is anything about precedent,
you have agreed to pay loyal men 
Mr. HOWARD. There is no precedent to
pay persons who were resident in the rebel
States during the war, and the Senator is now
endeavoring to fix and settle that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ Then the whole prece-
dent is this, and that is what you are alarmed
about when you speak of a billion of dollars:
that you are willing to pay a man in Kentucky
and are not willing to pay one in Tennessee.
Here was Major Lewis the other day in this
city, the old friend of General Jackson, who
owned property all around Nashville and gave
all he had to your Army to feed it when there,
bringing with, him the certificates of his loyalty
from Major Generals Thomas and Granger and
Palmer, and every man who was ever there—
a man .tottering, over fourscore years of age,
bearing with him here the open ballot that he
gave -when the question of secession was pre-
sented to the voters of Tennessee and when he
tjjarchedup to the polls in the neighborhood of
Nashville, and with an open vote, ami giving his
reasons why he could never vote for secession
or to dissolve this Union, placed it openly be-
fore the judges; and that man you will not pay;
it is a dangerous precedent to pay him; but if
he had been on the other side, over in 'Ken-
tucky, you would have paid him !
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
one word. I would pay such a- claim as that
for this reason: that the claimant has actually
and voluntarily contributed without being con-
strained to it his means and efforts to give suc-
cess to the Union Army. That shows a will
and a purpose which I admire.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill provides to pay
nobody except he can show his loyalty affirm-
atively. It is stricter than the old law. As
now amended, the party must show affirma-
tively that on every occasion where it was prac-
ticable he has manifested his loyalty and devo-
tion to-theUnion. And now how preposterous
to say that this will take a billion of money!
Why, sir, the whole supply x>f your commis-
sary.and quartermaster's departments did not
amount to a billion, all they ever used. It is
no answer to get up scarecrows about a bill
without examining it. A thousand millions of
money was never used by both departments
from the beginning of the war to the end; and
yet Senators come in here and make such grave
statements as this, and talk about precedents,
when they have been living under a law like
this two years, and a law not as closely guarded
as this ; and the Senator from Oregon, to my
utter surprise, when talking about the danger
to this Government, talked about sending out
a congressional commission to pay claims for
damages at random all over the United States!
I do not know but that you would get a billion
of dollars then. It is a great deal safer to put
the matter under the checks and guards that
are thrown around this bill, and in your Court
of Claims, where you will have attorneys, and
where you will have cross-examination, and
whore you will subject every claim to a judicial
investigation before you will pay one of them
that amounts to more than $500.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I am
somewhat surprised at the very emphatic man-
ner in which the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois condemns me for making any distinction
between loyal and disloyal States of the Union.
Now, sir, if there be no distinction I should
like to know how he reconciles himself to the
position which he'occupies here as opposed to
the representation of those States in Congress
at this time. I have supposed that that dis-
tinction has been recognized in more ways than
one by Congress; and because the law has pro-
vided for the payment of men in the loyal
States to whom the Government has become
indebted, does it therefore follow that those
persons in the seceded States whose claims
originated in this war are to be paid by the
Government. I should like to know why the
law to which the gentleman refers at the time
it was enacted made a distinction between the
loyal and the disloyal States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because at that time we
were in the midst of the rebellion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No doubt of that, and,
sir, we are forgetting the lessons of this war
every day. There is no more reason now why
a law should be passed paying indiscriminately
all persons in the South who may make it ap-
Sear that they are loyal for claims which they
ave against the Government than there was
in making a law to that effect at. the time the
law to which the gentleman refers was passed,
for the claim of a loyal man then was as good
as the claim of a loyal man at this time.
Now, sir, the gentleman represents that we
have manufactured a scarecrow, or at least that
the honorable Senator from Michigan did, in
saying that this might lead to the expendi-
ture of a billion dollars. I did not understand
myself to say that- that expenditure would ac-
crue in the payment of these claims, but I say,
and the intimation has been distinctly made
here already in this discussion, that if you pay
these men for' the property which the officers
of the Federal Army took fox the subsistence
of the Army it will be followed by a claim to
pay for the property which the Federal armies
.destroyed belonging to Union men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we done that in
the loyal States ?
Mr. "WILLIAMS. We have not done it in
the loyal States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why should we do it
down there anymore than in the loyal States?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Because the argument
will be, and it will be difficult to meet, that if
a man who is a l.oyal man there had property
which was taken by the Government with or
without a receipt and if he is entitled to pay
for that property, then he is entitled to pay foF
property that was destroyed. I do not say that
we shall do it, but I say that that argument will
be forced upon us, and it will be difficult to meet
it; and it is in that respect that I fear the pre-
cedent.
Now, sir, I deny that the honorable Senator
can put me in the position of refusing payment
in the case which he has presented in his re-
marks, because I do not deny that there may
be cases of peculiar hardship arising where
indemnity should%e made; but this bill, as I
understand it, deprives Congress of all juris-
diction over the subject, turns this whole mat-
ter of adjusting these immense claims, im-
mense in number and amount, to another
department of the Government. That may be
right: it may be safe ; but so far as I am con-
cerned, I have apprehensions that it will not
be found to be a judicious law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to modify my amend-
ment by saying "entered upon" instead of
"taken up." Senators about me think that
is a better form of expression.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
power of the Senator to modify his amend-
ment, and that modification will be made.
Mr. HENDERSON. I apprehend that the
Senator from Wisconsin, if he will reflect for
a moment, will not insist upon that amend-
ment. For myself, I am perfectly indifferent
about this bill. The Senator from Wisconsin
knows as a member ofthe Committeeon Claims
that I have voted constantly against the allow-
ance of all these claims, not upon any legal
ground, but because I have insisted that in all
probability they would bankrupt the Govern-
ment, and I thought we had better look into
them somewhat before entering upon their pay-
ment. I shall not object, however, to the pas-
sage of this bill. But if the Senator from Wis-
consin insists upon the amendment which he
now offers, it will certainly defeat the very
object that he a little while ago said he had in
view. If he thinks that no claim should be
allowed except those which have been taken
up on the quartermaster's return, (and he
makes no change now by saying "entered
upon,") he is sadly mistaken in supposing that
his amendment does not affect the bill. Where
a quartermaster has put upon his return a claim
and it is returned here, of course he could not
have done that without issuing what is called
a quartermaster's voucher. That is utterly
impossible. He retains one copy of it, and
gives duplicates to the individual from whom,
he gets the property. That certificate in the
hands of the individual from whom the prop-
erty is obtained is never paid until the returns
come in to the quartermaster's department.
When they come in and the quartermaster has
made liis settlement, this becomes a voucher
in the hands of the individual, and any quar-
termaster in the United States will give him
the cash, any banker in the United States will
give him the cash. Bankers purchase up these
certificates after it is certain that they have
