3622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
been returned, " taken up'1 on the quartermas-
ter's returns. It is not worth while now to
say that the Quartermaster General may allow
those claims which may have been taken up
on the quartermaster's return, "because they
are worth the cash all over the United States;
they are bound to be paid anywhere.
If I understand this bill it is for the purpose
of covering altogether a different class of claims..
For instance, a quartermaster passing through
my State took forage from an individual, a
farmer, and he did not enter it upon his re-
turns, he never charged himself with it, and
did not credit himself with it; it was an out-
side matter. He may have given the party a
certificate, or he may have said " You are a dis-
loyal mail and I will not give you any certifi-
cate," or he may have given him a receipt, say-
ing,- "This is to certify that I took from this
individual on this occasion five hundred hush-
els of corn; I have not time to inquire into his
loyalty." Quartermasters in my State never
gave receipts unless they were satisfied of the
loyalty of the individual. He may say "I am
not satisfied of the'loyalty of this individual;
I give my receipt, but I do not put it on my
returns." If I understand it, this bill is for
cases of that, character, and for cases where
property has been taken and a receipt not given
at all The Senator accomplishes nothing cer-
tainly by saying "entered upon the returns" or
"taken up on the returns, because then the
voucher is perfectly good and worth the cash
in any part of the United States.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. SUMNER
called for the yeas and nays; and.they were
ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask that the amendment
may be reported.
"the Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was in lines six and seven,,of
section one to strike out the words " or
which may have been taken by such officer
without giving such receipt."
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CLARK, (when his name was called.)
I .agreed to pair with the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] who has left the Chamber until
the adjournment.
The result was annonnced—yeas 17, nays
13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Cragin, Fessen-
den, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of
Indiana, Morgan, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fos-
ter, Guihrie, Hendricks, Johnson, Poland; Saulsbury,
Stewart, TrmnbuJl, Van Winkle, and Willey—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Clark, Cowan, C^eswell, Dixon, Grimes, Kirkwood,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Nye, Kiddle, Sherman, Wright, and Yates—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The adoption of that amend-
ment makes it necessary to strike out the same
words in the second section and. in the third-
section ; in the second section in lines four and
five, and in the third section in lines five and
six.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate has just
decided upon that question by a yea and nay
vote. These are the words of the old law
applicable to the loyal States, but it applied to
Kentucky and Missouri, and is the law now
and applies to all these cases. The bill is a
very restricted one. No great amount of claims
can come under "it. It has been in operation
for two years, and the whole amount allowed
by the commissary and quartermaster's depart-
ments a short time ago, as reported, was less
than half a million ; I think only about a quar-
ter of a million, when we got the report, since
the session commenced.
Mr. WILSON". Can the Senator tell us how
much has been claimed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had the amountI
do not recollect what it was; three or four mil-
lions, I think, in all these States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the loyal States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The loyal States included
those States where our armies were, the State
of Missouri, the State of Kentucky, the State
of West Virginia, and the State of Maryland.
It is the present law, and I really think the
Senate is making a mistake in striking out
those words.
Mr. HENDERSON. Claims were presented
from all the States. The construction given
outside to the law of 1864 was that claims could
be allowed from all the States, and they pfe-
sented claims from Virginia, Georgia, Alabama,
Mr. TRUMBULL. They presented those
claims but they were not allowed. Claims
were brought up from all the States under the
law as it is, but the officers construed the law as
applying only to the loyal States.
Mr. HENDERSON. To citizens of loyal
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; it must be citi-
zens of loyal States who presented the claim.
Mr. HENDERSON. And the taking must
have been in a loyal State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the construc-
tion put upon it, although there were claims
brought in from the other States.
Mr. WILLEY. I regret, with the Senator
from Illinois, that this amendment has been
made. Of course it indicates the sense of the
Senate as to those words in the other sections.
I shall be under the necessity of voting against
the bill altogether if it be put in this form, be-
cause while I am exceedingly desirous to extend
justice to loyal men in the southern States, I
want to retain as much as possible of it for the
loyal men who come within the purview of the
law in the loyal States. The effect of this bill
so amended will be to repeal the law as it
exists already. What will be the result, then,
ufjon the States of Missouri, Kentucky, West
Virginia, and Maryland ? Every loyal man who
has furnished supplies to the Army; who has
fed our soldiers; who has furnished forage;
every loyal man who has thus placed himself
in a relation to the Federal Government which,
if he sustained the same relation to an individ-
ual, would justify an action of assumpsit and
the recovery of a judgment and an execution
to secure payment for his property, would be
deprived by the repeal of the law as it now
exists of enforcing his just claims against the
Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can avoid
that by just making an amendment confining
this bill to the States that were declared in
insurrection.
Mr. WILLEY. I cannot for the soul of me
bring my mind to make any distinction between
a loyal man in a loyal State and a loyal man
in a disloyal State. Sir, if the Senator from
Maine had lived in West Virginia, if he had
lived along the border of the States in insur-
rection, if he had seen men, as I have seen
them, hunted in the mountains, sometimes
immured in rebel prisons, coming back again
with hearts unbent and unsubdued, standing
up manfully for the flag of their country, eager
and willing oftentimes to divide the little of
food they had for man and forage for beast
with "our boys in tlue" when they passed by
their homes—if he had seen all this as I have
seen' it, I think his feelings toward the loyal
men in the South would have been different
from what they are.
Sir, what difference does it make if a man
with a loyal heart in his bosom furnishes a
portion of what he has to feed our soldiers and
forage our horses whether his misfortune was
to be born in a southern State or his fortune
was to be born in a northern State? Is there
not all the more credit due to him because he
maintains his integrity in a disloyal State, sur-
rounded by 'fire and persecution and obloquy
and scorn, and stands up, notwithstanding all
-this, and gives his means to support our armies
and for the prosecution of the war? How can
it be possible that the nation can receive valu-
able consideration from loyal men in these dis-
loyal States, and yet refuse to pay for it hon-
estly and honorably, as I think we ought?
Sir, if I had I gone down through the State of
Maine during these late troubles, these Fenian
troubles, or during those other struggles dur-
ing the war, when those wretched incendiaries
from the South were attempting to' burn his
towns and his villages, and were robbing his
banks, and in the hurry of my progress to his
rescue I had taken of his substance, of his
food or of his forage to support myself or to
forage my beast—if I had done that, or to
ch'ange the figure, if I had thus gone there on
my own business, and afterward he had de-
manded payment at my hands, and should
say, "Sir, you have received so many bushels
of corn, you received so njuch forage, you re-
ceived so much valuable consideration;" and
I should reply, " Oh, yes, -I have received it;
acknowledge to that fact; but you have no
certificate that I received it; I did not give
you a receipt, sir, that you had got it. You
do not hold my bond." Would that exonerate
me, in the estimation of the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine, from paying full and fair con-
sideration for what of his means I had received?
Sir, he would have scouted me from his pres-
ence as unworthy of the character and preten-
sions of an honorable man.
Let me put an actual case within my own
knowledge. I know the man to-day. It is
not a supposititious case. He is an old man.
All through this terrible war, although he lived
in'a southern State, he was steadfast, unflinch-
ing ; his iron will and his patriot heart never
bent for a moment before the storm that beat
upon his- household. Sometimes he was im-
mured, more than once, in rebel prisons; at
other times he was hunted as a wild beast jn
the mountains ; sometimes he stole stealthily
home at midnight to his fireside to spend an
hour with his family, and then again sought his
refuge in the caves of the mountains. Our armies
on a certain occasion, and on more occasions
than one, passed by him. From his.retreat
he came out to meet them with beaming eyes
and bounding heart, so glad was he to look
upon the old flag of his fathers, for ho inher-
ited revolutionary blood; he gladly divided
with them what little of food he had for man
and forage for beast. On two occasions they
gave him certificates, on other occasions he
would not have any. He stands here to-day,
or those of the class of whom he is a repre-
sentative stand before Congress, and what is
the response they m%et at the _ threshold of
justice of this great and magnanimous nation?
The Senator from Massachusetts, always so
just and always so generous, turns upon him
his back, and the Senator from Michigan says,
" Begone, you are a public enemy; you are of
no more consideration than a rebel himself."
Sir, is that the way in which we are to treat
these loyal men? Are we in that manner to
draw a distinction between Union men of the
South and rebel men of the South? _ Are we
to be forever proclaiming that we will make
treason odious and that we will make Union-
ism honorable, and yet make no distinctions
between the traitor and the Union man ? Will
we say to the Union man, "Yes, you have
given us of your substance, but we will not pay
you for it?" Or shall we say to such men as
he to whom I have alluded, who gave two sons
to the service of his country, one of whom lies
among the melancholy hillocks atAnderson-
ville, and the other, wrapped in his gory uni-
form, slumbers on the field of battle where he
fell—will you say to such men as that' "We
will not pay justly and honorably for the means
. which you have given to the support of the
country in the hour of its peril and of its want?|'
Why, sir, it seems to me that it absolutely is
abhorrent to all the better sentiments of human
nature, not to say entirely inconsistent with
the character for justice and magnanimity of a
great and righteous nation....
•I trust, sir, that this distinction will not be
made, and that the United States Senate will
not say to men, " Unless you present us with
a certificate^unlessyou present uswith a bond
for the food wc have received and the forage
