2662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
hundred and eighty-seven, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
And in case of any fraud on the part of either of
said parties in respect to said manufacture, or of any
collusion on their part with intent to defraud the rev-
enue, such material and manufactured articles shall
be liable to forfeiture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section ninety be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that any person, firm, com-
pany, or corporation, now or hereafter engaged in the
manufacture of tobacco, snuff, or cigars of any de-
scription whatsoever, shall be, and hereby is, required
to make out and deliver to the assistant assessor of
the assessment district a true statement or inventory
of the quantity of each of the different kinds of to-
bacco, snuff-flour, snuff, cigars, tinfoil, licorice, and
stems held or owned by him or them on the 1st day
of January of each year, or at the time of commen-
cing business under this act, setting forth what por-
tion of said goods was manufactured or produced by
him or them, and what was purchased from others,
whether chewing, smoking, fine-cut, shorts, pressed,
plug, snuff-flour, or prepared snuff, or cigars, which
statement or inventory shall be verified by the oath
or affirmation of such person or persons, and be in
manner and form as prescribed by the Commissioner j
of Internal Revenue; and every such person, com- |
pany, or corporation shall keep in books an accurate j
account of all the articles aforesaid thereafter pur-
chased by him orthem, the quantity of tobacco, snuff,
snuff-flour, or cigars, of whatever description, sold,
consumed, or removed for consumption or sale, or
removed from the place of manufacture; and he or
they shall, on or before the 10th day of each month,
furnish to the assistant assessor of the district a true
and accurate abstract of all such purchases, and sales
or removals, which abstract shall bo verified by oath
or affirmation; and in case of refusal or neglect to
deliver the inventory, or keep the account, or fur-
nish the abstract aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit the
sum of $500, to be recovered with costs of suit; and
he or they shall, on or before the last day of each
month, pay to the collector the taxes on the said
tobacco, snuff, or cigars of whatever description, sold,
consumed, or removed for consumption or sale, or
removed from the place of manufacture during the
preceding month, as aforesaid; and iu ease the taxes
shall not be paid within five days after demand
thereof, the said collector may, on one day's notice,
distrain for the same, with ten per cent, additional
on the amount thereof, subject to all the provisions
of law relating to licenses, returns, assessments, pay-
ment of taxes, liens, fines, penalties, and forfeitures,
not inconsistent herewith in tfie case of other manu-
facturers; and such tax shall be paid by the manu-
facturer or the peisonwho furnished the materials or
was otherwise interested in said business, as the as-
sessor may deem best for the collection of the reve-
nue. And it shall be the duty of any manufacturer
or vender of tinfoil or other material used in manu-
facturing tobacco, snuff, or cigars, on demand of any
officer of internal revenue, to render to such officer a
correct statement, verified bj^oath or affirmation, of
the quantity and amount of tinfoil or othermaterials
sold or delivered to any person or persons named in
such demand: and in case of refusal or neglect to
render such statement, or of cause to believe such
statement to be incorrect or fraudulent, the assessor i
of the district may cause an examination of persons, •
books, and papers to be made in the same manner as
provided in the fourteenth section of this act: Pro-
vided, That manufactured tobacco, snuff, or cigars,
whether of domestic manufacture or imported, may
be transferred, without payment of the tax, to a
bonded warehouse established in conformity with law
and Treasury regulations, undersuch rules and regu-
lations and upon the execution of such transportation
bonds or other security as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe, said bonds or other security to be
taken by the collector of the district fromwliichauch
removal is made; and may bo transported from such
a warehouse to any other bonded warehouse estab-
lished as aforesaid, and may be withdrawn from
bonded warehouse for consumption on payment of
the tax, or removed for export to a foreign country
without payment of tax, in conformity with the pro-
visions of law relating to the removal of distilled
spirits, all the rules, regulations, and conditions of
which, so far as applicable, shall apply to tobacco,
snuff, or cigars in bonded warehouse. And no draw-
back shall in any case beallowedupon any manufac-
tured tobacco, snuff, or cigars, upon which any tax
has been paid either before or after it has been placed
in bonded warehouse.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out after
the word "suit" in line sixteen hundred and
twenty-two down to and including the word
"revenue" inline sixteen hundred and thirty-
seven, that being a provision contained in an-
other section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. ^ I move to insert before the
word uprovided" in line sixteen hundred and
forty-nine, the following:
And all the provisions of law relating to manufac-
turers generally, so far as applicable to and not incon-
sistent herewith, shall be held to apply to the manu-
facture of tobacco, snuff, and cigars: Provided, That
the tax imposed upon the manufacture of tobacco,
snuff, and cigars shall be assessed on or before the
time of removal from the place of manufacture, and
shall be payable at the time of such removal, unless
removed to a bonded warehouse. But nothing herein
shall exonerate the manufacturer of tobacco, snuff,
and cigars from liability to tax in ease of sale before
such removal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. It will now be necessary
to insert the word " further" after the word
"provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to add to the para-
graph the following:
In any port of entry within which is embraced more
than two collection districts the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to place all the bonded
warehouses in said port under the charge of one col-
lector of internal revenue to be by him designated;
and the collector so designated shall havet entire
chargo and control of all matters connectcd with said
bonded warehouses and the property stored therein.
I offer this to obviate what is represented
to me to be a very great inconvenience to the
business interests of that class of persons who
have occasion to deposit goods in those bonded
warehouses. But, sir, instead of making a
speech on the subject myself, I will ask the
Clerk to read a communication which I hold
in my hand signed'by over fifty firms in the city
of Philadelphia, setting forth the particular in-
convenience which this amendment is proposed
to remed}'.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Philadelphia, March 9,1866.
Dear Sir: Wo beg leave to address you upon a
subject which wo regard as important to the business
men of this city generally, but especially to those who
are engaged in the trade of manufactured tobacco,
distilled spirits, and refined petroleum. You are
aware that the existing internal revenue laws give
to the owners of such property the right to place it
in bonded warehouse, whence it can be removed for
exportation free from tax, and for consumption upon
payment of same.
Bonded warehouses established for such purpose
are loeated, we believe, in every district of this city
or port, and are by law placed under the supervision
of the collector of internal revenue of the particular
district in which so located. Before any property
can be placed in bonded warehouse the owner or con-
signee is required to pass an entry, and give bond to
the collector of the district having charge of the ware-
house in which it is designed to store the property ;
and upon its removal either for export or consump-
tion the same form has to be again complied with.
Understanding", as you do, the location of the sev-
eral congressional districts of this city, you will read-
ily perceive the great trouble and delay which must
necessarily occur in having to visit almost daily the
several collectors' offices, situated, as they are, so
distant from each other. Tt not unfreqnontly hap-
pens that parties desirous of exporting such articles
are required on the same day to go to three or four
collectors' offiecs for the transaction of the required
business for a single operation. The inconvenience,
trouble, loss of time, together with the pecuniary sac-
rifices which must occasionally occur, when prompt
and immediate action is necessary, must be obvious;
and such promptness of action is not attainable under
the present system.
We assume that the policy of the Government is to
affofd all possible facilities to trade not inconsistent
with a proper fulfillment of the laws; and hence we
beg leave to suggest to you a modification of tho in-
ternal revenue law, which, without injuriously affect-
ing the rights of the Government, will remedy the
evils to which we have adverted and which are obsta-
cles in the way of constantly increasing business op-
erations. The modification of the law which we would
propose is, that all the bonded warehouses in this
port shall be put under the supervision of one col-
lector, who shall be chargeable with all matters con-
nected with the property stored therein, and that
such collector shall be appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Under such regulations all the requirements of the
law in reference to such business could be fulfilled at
one office. The advantage of the arrangement must
be apparent to every one.
If your judgment in this matter is in accord with
the views herein expressed wc will feel greatly o bliged
if you will adopt such course as in your judgment is
best calculated to secure the object in view.
We are, sir, very respectfully, yours.
Hon. Russell Tiiayer,
House of liepresentatives, Washington, 2). C.
Mr. TIlAYBR. The committee will per-
ceive that the amendment simply gives author-
ity to the Secretary of the Treasury to put
these several bonded warehouses in a port of
entry in the charge of a single officer, if, in
his opinion, the public convenience requires it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It seems
to me that that amendment would introduce a
^ood deal of confusion into the Department.
There is, already, under the law, an officer
designated in all ports of entry for the conduct
of all business connected with the exportation
; of goods. That, it seems to me, covers this
difficulty; and I think it would be decidedly
objectionable to place all the warehouses un-
der the control of one collector.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Chairman, the object
of this amendment is to remedy the very con-
fusion to which the gentleman refers. In large
ports of entry, like Philadelphia or New York,
there is one of these bonded warehouses in
each congressional district; and every con-
signee, or owner of vessels, who has, perhaps,
a cargo or consignment arriving every day,
has to go about to these bonded warehouses;
has to run far and near, corresponding with
the area of these congressional districts, in
order to transact his business, instead of going
to one officer, as the gentleman intimates he
may. The law requires him to go to the col-
lector of internal revenue for that district in
order to transact his business ; and in my city
he is often obliged to go to five different of-
fices, situated many miles apart, in order to
do business relating to a single transaction.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The busi-
ness of a single transaction must surely be with
a single collector.
Mr. THAYER. It is not. It is with five
collectors. That is the difficulty. It is with
the collector of internal revenue for the par-
ticular congressional district, and must be so
by law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Why
should he go to five collectors?
Mr. THAYER. Because he is obliged to
go to the collector of the particular district in
which the bonded warehouse is situated, and
there is a bonded warehouse in every collection
district in the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do jiot
see the necessity of his going to more than one.
Mr. THAYER. Perhaps the gentleman does
not; but the law requires him to do it; in
point of law he is obliged to go to live. Now,
my amendment simply proposes to give the
Secretary of the Treasury discretionary author-
ity to place these bonded warehouses under
the care of a single officer in such cases as in
his opinion the public convenience may require,
and that is all.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to hear that
amendment read again. I want to see how
extensive it is.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. STEVENS. Is that all ? It does not
affect my people, and I have no objection to
it. We have got only one collector.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section ninety-one be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause, and inserting m lieu
thereof the following: that all manufactured tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, whether of domestic manufacture or
imported, shall, before the same is used or removed
for consumption, be inspected by an inspector ap-
pointed under the fifty-eighth section of the act to
which this is an amendment, who shall mark or affix
a stamp upon the box or other package containing
such tobacco, snuff, or cigars, in ajmanner to be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
denoting the kind, quantity, or number contained in
each package, with the date of inspection and the
name of the inspector and the collection district. Tho
fees of such inspector shall in all cases be paid by the
owner of the manufactured tobacco, snuff, or cigars
so inspected. And the penalties for the fraudulent
marking of any box or other package of tobacco, snuff,
or cigars, and for any fraudulent attempt to evade
the taxes on tobacco, snuff, or cigars so inspected, by
changing in any manner tho package or the marks
thereon, shall be the same asareprovided in relation
to distilled spirits by existing laws. Aad all cigars
manufactured after the passago of this act shall be
packed in boxes. And any manufactured tobacco,
snuff, and cigars, whether of domestic manufacture
or imported, which shall be sold or pass out of tho
hands of the manufacturer or importer, except into
a bonded warehouse, without the inspection marks
or stamps affixed by the inspector, unless otherwise
provided, shall bo forfeited, and maybe seized where
ever found, andshall be sold, one half of the proceeds
of such sale to be paid to theinformer, and the other
moiety to the United States. The Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall keep an accountof nllstamps
delivered to the several inspectors; and said inspect-
ors shall also keep an account of all stamps by them
uiSiV f *"ace<* uP°n boxes containing cigars, and of
ay tobacco, snuff, and cigars inspected, andthenamo
of the person, firm, or company for whom tho same
were so inspected, and return to the assessor of the
district a separate and distinct account of the same,
arid also returntothcsaidCommibsioner.ondemand,
all stamps not otherwise accounted for, and shall give
! a bond for a faithful performance of all thodutiesto
