638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
using the word negro as it is not fashionable,
but treedmen—shall be fed and clothed ? What
is it to cost to feed and clothe them? Can any
man tell me? Some of these men I know are
disposed to work if left to themselves. They are
honest men and disposed to work for a living,
but many more have no such disposition. These
lazy and worthless men will gather around the
Freedmen's Bureau to be fed and clothed, and
those who are disposed to work, seeing* these
men who they know to be inferior to themselves,
taken care of, fed and clothed and housed, will
ask why they should not also enjoy the benefi-
cence of the Government. The effect of this
measure uponthenegropopulation—andl speak
from my knowledge of the negro population—
will be to paralyze their energy, destroy their
industry, and make them, paupers and vaga-
bonds.
Mr. Speaker, I have only given the outlines
of the powers and jurisdiction and extent of this
gigantic monster called the Frecdmen' s Bureau.
I shall now call your attention to the reasons
assigned for the creation of this monster, and
they are few; its creation is a violation of the
Constitution, every principle of the Constitution
of our fathers. I have heard no gentleman at-
tempt to justify the creation of this Bureau from
that Constitution of the United States. They
refer to the second section of the amendment to
the Constitution. When the question of the
ratification of the amendment to the Constitu-
tion was up in my State, those who were opposed
to it opposed it upon the ground that it would
be construed to give power to Congress to legis-
late on the subject. They told us our suspicions
were unfounded, and that the second section
gave no such powers to the United States; that
it was only intended to carry out and secure to
the negro his personal freedom, such as all the
free negroes then enjoyed; that they and the'
friends of the amendment was as much opposed
to negro equality or negro suffrage or to confer-
ring the power on Congress to extending these
privileges to the negro, as those that opposed the
amendment; that the section was not suscep-
tible of any such construction. And under that
protest they induced thousands to vote for the
amendment, believing that by freeing the negro
they would exclude from the Halls of Congress
that exciting question.
What is the next argument, in favor of the
creation of this unrestricted, dangerous mon-
ster? it is tlie necessity of it. It is said that here
arc four million ignorant and helpless negroes
that have, been thrown upon the country by this
war who cannot provide for themselves, and
that something must bo done. There is a ne-
cessity! Whether it is a military necessity or
a moral necessity I do not know, but a neces-
sity of some kind for the protection and support
of these people. And the honorable chairman
of the committee who reported this bill says it
is necessary to protect these people against the
prejudice and hatred of those who have been
their masters. J would say to the gentleman
that he knows nothing of the feelings of these
men towaid that unhappy class when he sup-
poses that the masters entertain any feelings
of hostility or uukindness to that unfortunate
race. They have compassion upon tlie.m. That
feeling of friendship and kindness which grew
up during their servitude is not obliterated by
the act of emancipation at all. I speak as one
who was born and reared among slaveholders
and among slaves. And I speak what I know
when 1 say that, though there may be excep-
tional cases, yet, as a general thing, there is no
fueling of hostility upon the part of the masters
toward this unfortunate class, but, on the con-
trary. a degree of sympathy and of kindness
that is unknown to or not understood by the
people of the North.
I can say to that gentleman furthermore, that
so iar as regards any feeling of prejudice or
hostility being created by the act of emancipa-
tion, it is not toward the negro, but toward that
class of fanatical abolitionists of the Xorili who
have come down among the negroes in the south-
era country, and by promises, pei suasions, and
misrepresentations have demoralized the ne-
groes, who were a contented, quiet, and peace-
able class heretofore, well fed and well clothed.
These abolitionists have rendered the negroes
not only worthless, but through the demorali-
zing influences of the fanatical abolitionists the
negro has commenced lying, stealing, and pil-
fering.
We are further told, as another reason why
this measure shall be adopted, that it is neces-
sary to educate the negro, that he is in a state
of ignorance and stupidity, and that as we are
going to make him an American citizen, and
that speedily, it is necessary to educate him.
Sir, I believe it is necessary to educate him;
but is the machinery of this bill the appropriate
means of doing so? Does it provide in the
proper manner for his education? Why have'
this legion of officers there to superintend their
control? A few days ago, when a proposition
was before the House to confer the right of suf-
frage in this District, he was then hold up as a
man of talent and of genius. He seemed to be
intuitively educated and capable of exercising
all the rights of the freeman." But when it
becomes necessary to create all these offices
for party purposes, then the negro must be de-
graded, unfit for anything, unable to take care
of himself, so that he must be educated in order
to bo able to discharge the high and responsi-
ble duties of an American citizen.
Mr. Speaker, as a principle of law I hold that
no individual or party can avail themselves of
the necessity which they themselves have cre-
ated by their own improper and unlawful act.
It, is a maxim of law that no man shall take
advantage of his own wrong. Now, if this ne-
cessity has been created by the party who are
urging this measure, they have no right to avail
themselves of it,.
But how "did that necessity spring up? It
sprung from the same source from which all
our ditficulties arose during the last three years
of this war. And that, was, involving the negro
question in the prosecution of the war. There
was no necessity—I boldly assert it—of drag-
ging that question into the war. I know some
gentlemen thought it was necessary in order to
put down the rebellion to destroy the institution
of slavery, but I deny it. T bold, and I think
I can demonstrate it to the satisfaction of uuy
impnr;inl mind, that by dragging that question
into i he war you prolonged it and intensified it,
and it lias cost this nation the blood of thou-
sands upon thousands of our citizens, and it
has cost us millions of treasure. Not only that,
but it hhx caused the desolation of a large por-
tion of this country by dragging into the issue
the negro question. \\re have every reason to
believe, from all the information we have, that
at the outset of the war the southern people
were divided and that a majority of tbeui in
most of the seceding States were opposed to the
acts of secession and opposed to the war; but,
unlbitujiately for them, unfortunately for us,
the military and civil power in those States was
in the hands of men who wanted a separation
of the Union, and the majority of the people
were coerced and dragged into the war against
their consent and will, and the Government of
the United States was unwilling or unable to
give to the people that protection and support
which their condition required. Hence they
were subjugated and controlled by the seces-
sionists, while their sentiments were true and
loyal to the Government of the United States
and the flag of the country. But when this
negro policy was inaugurated and put in force,
then they saw a war made upon their institu-
tions, a war upon their property and their homes,
and they lost that zeal which they had felt for
the Government previous to that time; they
were united to a considerable extent by the
adoption of this policy, and the arm of the rebel
government, was strengthened. You divided
public sentiment at home, and, to some extent,
paralyzed our power to suppress this lebellion.
If this war bad been conducted on strictly con-
stitutional grounds the rebellion, in my judg-
ment, would have ceased long before it did
cease, and the country to-day would have been
in peace, harmony, and prosperity.
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not pretend to dis-
cuss that subject further at this time. One gen-
tleman said that it was necessary this bill should
pass in order to educate these negroes in the
southern States. The gentleman from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Donxelly,] a gentleman who comes
from a State- located in the northwest corner of
creation, tells us that it is necessary that this
bill shall pass in order to build up a great sys-
tem of education in the South. And yet he, a
gentleman who comes from a State where the
track of the wild Indian and the buffalo is not
yet obliterated by the march of civilization—
and if they were they may be succeeded by the
track of the grave and philosophical ass, and I
do not know that the world would gain much
thereby—rises in his place upon this floor and
declares that the mass of the people in the land
of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe,
Marshall, Patrick Henry, Jackson, and Clay,
who have shed more glory and renown upon the
American name and character, is semi-civilized
and barbarous, and that we are ignorant, and
therefore we must, disseminate schools there
in order to educate its "ignorant and illiter-
ate'' population. He tells you that it is neces-
sary that the General Government shall send
to that benighted land their northern teachers
to enlighten the people. Sir, we are told in
Holy Writ that when Moses was leading the
children of Israel through the wilderness they
became wicked and degenerate, and it was
necessary to raise a brazen serpent in the wil-
derness, that whoever looked upon it might be
healed of their maladies. Might we not ask
this distinguished philosopher, who comes from
a land where the gieat luminary of day shines
but a few hours each day at some seasons of
the year, to come and take a position upon the
highest peak of the range of Alleghany mount-
ains in the domain of my friends from West
Virginia, and hold himself up there, that these
benighted people of the South might come and
look upon him, and be relieved of their igno-
rance and stupidity ?
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that there
is another reason why this bill ought to pass;
that it ought to pass as a punishment to those
men who have sinned against the Government
of the United States. They have sinned. Sir,
I have ever held in detestation the doctrine of
secession. I have ever detested the acts of
those men wdio plunged this country into revo-
lution and war; but. while I have detested that
doctrine as a political heresy, I have, at the
same time, more detested and condemned as a'
political heresy the doctrine of abolition. But
we are told that we must adopt this and kin-
dred measures as a punishment upon these
people for their sins. Well, we have punished
tliein. They have sinned, and sinned greatly,
and we have punished them, and punished them
severely. We have drenched their land with
the blood of their young men; we have deso-
lated their fields and burned their houses, and
destroyed their cities and villages. We have
brought them to terms; we have made them
surrender their armies and ask pardon of this
Government. H^ive we not done enough? Have
we not punished them for their sins, however
great they may have been?
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
a few days ago, in the discussion on the negro
suffrage bill for the District of Columbia, said
that lie advocated that measure as a measure of
retributive justice, as a punishment upon these
people. Ho upon that occasion further stated,
"that Congress in this District had the power
to punish by ballot, and there will be a beautiful
poetic justice in the exercise of this power, so
let it bo applied."
There may be poetry, and music, too, to the
ear of the gentleman in inflicting punishment
upon an unarmed and helpless enemy; the
cries of the old and decrepid men, the helpless
women and children. But there is 110 such
pleasure enjoyed by our brave u'nd gallant sol-
dier, who met the armed enemy 011 the field of
battle. Ask your brave soldiers for what they
fought the battles of their coun ry. They will
tell you that those men had outraged their
