1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] lias offered an amendment, and upon
thai X will make a single remark. We not only
want this bill for the purpose of punishing In-
dians, bat for the purpose of punishing white
men who commit crimes upon the lauds that
belong to the State or under the jurisdiction of
the State, and then escape by going upon these
Indian lands outside of the State jurisdiction.
We want to punish such men according to the
laws of the State of Kansas.
Mr. STEVENS. If my friend will allow me,
I will modify my amendment by adding after
the word ^Indian" the words "'or white man."
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll] says he is in
favor of suffrage for the Indians, i say to him
that he need not ask us to confer suffrage upon
these Indians. Many of the men for whom I
am speaking here to-day are already exercising
the right of suffrage. Men who are counted as
part of these tribes arc to-day voters, and one
of them, as I stated yesterday, is now a mem-
ber of the Kansas Legislatuie.
Mr. IN"GERSOLL. Will the gentleman an-
swer this question ? Is the full-blooded Indian
in the State of Kansas allowed to vote?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. No, sir: but a
great many men are included in these tribes
who are not full-blooded Indians. There are
a great many half-breeds and white men who
have been adopted among them and arc counted
and included under the term Indians when-
ever we refer to them as such.
Mr. DHTGCrS. By the permission of the gen-
tleman, I offer the following substitute, which
makes the provision apply generally to all the
States and Territories :
That the laws of each State and Territory cnactcd,
and to be cnactcd, are hereby extended and shall
Inn e full force and eftect on all lands in said States
or Territories reserved or granted to Indians or In-
dian tribes, which have been, or shall hereafter be,
allotted m severalty to said Indians or to the mem-
bers of said tribes, whether the same be by treaty or
otheiwise; also over all lands sold in trust by the
United States for any tribe of Indians in said States
or Territories: Provided, That nothing heroin con-
tained shall be construed to authorize any of said
Indians or Indian tribes to sell, grant, or lease any
of said lands, unless the same be made by treaty or
convention entered into pursuant to the Constitution
of the United States, nor shall anything herein con-
tained bo construed to give the States or Territories
power to tax any of saidlands except such as aro
hold in severalty by individual membeis of said
tribes.
Sue. 2. AitrJ l)f it further cnacted, That whenever a
ciime shall bo committed by an Indian in any Sf-ito
or Territory he shall be arrested wherever he may be
found within the State or Territory and tried where
ever the crime is alleged to have been committed.
My object in offering this is simply to make
the law general, applicable to other States
and Territories and reservations as well as in
Kansas.
Mr. STEVEN'S. That will abrogate every
treaty with the Indians in the United States.
Mr. IIUBBARD, of Iowa. I rise to call the
previous question on the amendment reported
by the committee, which is as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to authorize any of said Indians or Indian
tribes to sell, grant, or lease any of said lands unless
Ihe same be made by treaty or convention entered
into pursuant, to the Constitution of the United States.
Nor shall anything herein contained be construed to
give the State of Kansas power to tax any of said
Lmds, cxcept sueli as are held in severalty by indi-
vidual members of said Indian tribes.
This is simply a restrictive provision upon the
general object of the bill, which is to extend the
State laws over these lands that are assigned
to the Indians in severalty, for which they hold
titles by ccrtiiicato or by patent from the Sec-
retary of the Interior; lands which are held
by them in the same manner that they are held
by white men. I call the previous question.
' The previous question was seconded and the !
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WISDOM. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the following at the end thereof:
Also over all lands sold in trust by theUiiited States
for any tribe of Indians in said State.
So that the bill will read as follows:
That the laws of the Stale of Kansas, enacted and
to be enacted, aro hereby extended and shall have
full force andcffectonall lands in saidBlate reserved
or granted to Indians or Indian tribes which have
been, orshall hereafter be, allotted in severaltyto said
Indians or to the members of said tribes, whether
the same be by treaty or otherwise.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay ihe bill and
amendment on the table.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
50, noes 00.
Mr. WINDOM. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to
lay the bill and amendment on the table, it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 09, nays 48,
not voting 66 $ as follows:
YEAS-—.Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Ancona, Baker, Bald-
win, Haxtcr, Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham,Boutwell,
J oj*er, BroraiveU, Conkling, Cook, Davis, Dawson,
Dixon, Kcliley, Kldiidge, Eliot, Fmck, Glossbrenner,
Hale, Aaron Harding, lligby, Mill,Holmes. Chostor
1). fiubbard. John U. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell,
Ingersoll, lvasson, Kerr, William Lawrencc. Lo
Blond, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McCullough,
Miller, Moorhcad, Moirill, Moulton, Myers, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Orth, Phelps, Samuel J. llandaif, Wil-
liam 11. llandall, llaymond. Hitter, llo.^s, Schenek,
Scolield, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Ta-
ber. Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Ward, EUhu B, Washburne, Wentworth,
and Williams—00.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Beaman, Bidwell, Bundy,
Sidney Clarke, Cullora, Darling, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eggleston, Earnsworth, Earquhar, Ferry, Grinnell,
Abner O. Harding, Henderson, Asahel W. Ilubbard,
James R. ilubbell, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Kuyken-
dall, Latham, Loan, Longyear, McClurg, Mcrcur,
Newell, Paine, Patterson, Perhatn, Plants, Price,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. llice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Shellabarger. Stilwell, Trowbridge. Upson, Van Acr-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ileniy
I). Washburn, Wclkcr, James E. Wilson, and Win-
dom—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Dclos R. Ash-
ley, Jauies M. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Blnino, Blow,
Brandegee, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Coilroth. Culver, Dawes,
Defrees, Delano, Doming, Denton, Dumont,Gaifield,
Goodyear, Orider, Griswold, Harris, Hart, 1 Lives,
Hoeran, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Dcmas Hubbard, llul-
burd, James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey,
Jenekes, Johnson, Jonos, Ketcham, L ail in, George
V. Lnwrcncc, Lynch, IMcIndoe, McKec, Mclluer,
Morris, Noeli, O'Neill, Pike, Pomcroy, Radford,
Rogeis, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgrcavcs, Strouse,
John L. Thomas, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Whaley, Stephen E. Wilson, Winficld, "Woodbridgc,
and Wright—06.
So the bill and amendment wore laid on the
table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. T move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid on the tabic;,
and also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JACOB B. LEESE.
Mr. SLOAN. I desire to report back from
the Committee of Claims the papers in the case
of Jacob B. Leese. It is a case on which the
Court of Claims has passed favorably. The
committee have come to the conclusion that
the claim ought not to pass ; but inasmuch as
Congress has passed a law authorizing all the
judgments of the Court of Claims to be paid, it
becomes unnecessary for the committee to make
an adverse report. I therefore simply move
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of these papers, and that
they be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EVKXIXU SESSION*.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the evening
session uf to-day be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
EXl'ORT DU'l'T OX COTTON.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to introduce
the following joint resolution: |
/,VW>y'/ hi the Senate end Ilnnic of Representatives ,
(£-(■., (two thirds of both Houses concurring,) Thatthe j
following article be proposed to the legislatures of
the several States as nn amendment to tile Oonstitu- j
tion of the United States, ivlneh, when ratiiied by ,
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as a |
part of said Constitution: |
Congress shall have power to lay a duty on cotton
exported from the United States.
I move its- consideration now.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
POSTAGE STAMPS AXT> STAMPED ENVELOPES.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 279, rel-
ative to the sale of postage stamps and stamped
envelopes, postponed some time since until to-
day. On that bill the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Alley] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 move that it be recommitted
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Eoads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move-to
reconsider the vote- by which the bill -was re-
committed, and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has asked for
a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 84,
authorizing the sale of marine hospitals and of
revenue cutters.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House appoint a committee of confer-
ence.
The motion was agreed to.
pay OF NAVY OFFICERS.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolutions of the Legislature
of New York, in regard to increase of pay of
Navy officers; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in which they requested the concurrence
of the House:
A bill (S. No. 221) relating to lands granted
to the State of Minnesota to aid in constructing
railroads; and
A bill (S. No. 210) to provide for the trans-
fer of the custody of the library of the Smith-
sonian Institution lo the Library of Congress.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mi-. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, asked
and obtained leave of absence for ten days.
AMENDMENT OF HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Rcvtlwjh That the Committee on Public Lands he
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the homestead act as to give to soldiers who have
been permanently disabled in the service, and to the
widows or other legal representatives of deceased
soldiers who have located land under said act, the
title to la-nds so loeated by them without the delay
of occupancy required by said act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at throe o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Tlic following petitions &c., were presented, tinder
the rule ami lei'errcd to the appropriate committees;
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of owners of theship
Daring, ot Boston, for redress for damages sustained,
by an embargo by the British authorities in India.
Also, the memorial of Iloratio AY alter, claiming
compensation for services rendered to Census Office,
Department of the Interior.
Also, the memorial of officers of the Stoneham
Savings Bank, of Massachusetts, for exemption from,
taxation.
Also, the petition of workingmen for the alteration
of the tariff for the protection of labor.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: The petition of Rob-
ert Reed, and oO others, citizens of Franklin county,
Kansas, praying for certain amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States. .
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of La Salic
count), Illinois, asking for the passage of a law reg-
ulating inter-State insurances.
By Mr CULLOM: A petition signed by numerous
citizens of Springfield, Illinois, praying for the Das-
sage of a national insurance law, regulating inter-
State insuranceof,ill kinds. ,
By Mr. DAKLIiStx: Ihe petition of P. M. & B. H.
Bixby, to have compound-interest notes lost at sea
reissued to them by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Also, the petition of Darling, Albertson & Rose,
for tlfe adjustment of their claim.
By .Mr. .DAWS' >\ : The petition of the members
of ibo bar of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania,
asking au increase of salary l'n the judges of the
distiiet court ofthe United State?.
Also, tho petition of the members of tho bar of
