1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
country's .honor and flag, and they have com-
pelled them to surrender their political heresy;
they have devastated their country; they have
burned their cities and towns, and have inflicted
full .and complete punishment upon them. And
now these gentlemen, who during the war did
not with arms undertake to punish these men,
come up and propose to make sueh legislation
for their further punishment. And, now that
the y>ung and able-bodied men of these States
have been killed in battle by the hundred thou-
sand, the old men and the women and children
are to be punished by legislative enactment.
We are told that these measures are necessary
for the punishment of these people.
And who are you going to punish ? Will you
kill a dead man? That, i believe, was at-
tempted on one occasion. Wo are told that
Falstaff killed Hotspur after he was dead, and
took the body on his back, and carried it off as
proof of his valor. lie was one of those pru-
dent men who would rather kill dead men than
undertake to kill live men with weapons in their
hands. And I suppose there will be about as
much glory in punishing the decrepit old men
and the women and children in these south-
ern States as there was in Falstaff exercising
his prudent valor upon the lifeless remains of
Hotspur.
But I will consider more particularly the feat-
ures of this gigantic bill, with all its dangerous
powers. By the seventh section it is provided
that wherever any discrimination is made be-
tween the whites and blacks on account of color
or race, these commissioners, with full military
power and jurisdiction, are to take cognizance
of it, and try all cases that may arise according
to rules and regulations which may be prescribed
by the Secretary of War, under the direction of
the President. What cases are provided for by
this bill as coming within the jurisdiction of
these commissioners ? All cases of discrim-
ination made by the laws of the State or by
custom or by habit >. And how are these com-
missioners to try these cases under 1 ules which
may be prescribed by the President of the Uni-
ted Stales? How can the President prescribe
rules for them, except by annulling the provis-
ions of your constitutions and all your laws,
and the customs and habits of society, in re-
gard to color or race? The Commissioner is to
wipe them all out by his own individual power,
and there is to be no appeal from Ins decision.
And the eighth section of this bill provides
that if any one shall under any Slate law,
ordinance, rule, regulation, custom, or habit,
deprive any portion of the community on ac-
count of race or color of any civil right or priv-
ilege, he shall be subject to arrest and brought
before this tribunal, tried, and sentenced to pay
a fine of $1,000, or to be imprisoned for twelve
months, or both, at his discretion. There is to
be no investigation before a jury, and no ap-
peal from the decision of the Commissioner,
who is to decide on ex parte testimony.
Now, is that a free country where laws of this
sort can exist? According to the literal con-
struction'of the provisions of this bill, you may
inflict this punishment upon the judge of your
State court, who has taken an oath to support
the constitution of the State and enforce its
laws. Any discrimination between a white man
and a negro may be so punished. The discrim-
ination may be in favor of the negro, as is_the
case in some respects under the laws of Ken-
tucky. In that State if a white man commits
a larceny he is punished by confinement in the
penitentiary not exceeding five years, at the dis-
cretion of the jury. If the slave committed a
similar offense he was punished by lashes not
exceeding thirty-nine. The white man may be
punished in the penitentiary to a greater extent
than the negro would be.
If there is any discrimination by the laws of
the State, and the judge observes the oath he
lias taken to support the constitution and laws
of his State, he is subjected to the jurisdiction
of this Freedmen's Bureau, and may be fined
and imprisoned without any possible chance
for him to secure a trial by jury or to take an
appeal from that decision. Is that freedom?
Is that justice? No, sir, it is not. It is ty-
ranny, it is despotism of the worst kind, and
should be condemned by every citizen thatloves
justice or civil liberty. -
This bill is intended to operate upon States
which have been in rebellion, and upon those
border slave-holding States which stood like
bulwarks between the rebels and the northern
States during this gigantic war. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hill] has offered an
amendment to this bill proposing to limit the
jurisdiction of this Freedmen's Bureau to the
States recently in rebellion, and the four slave
States of Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, and
Missouri, which adhered to the Union. If these
other States are exempt from the operations of
this bill, why should Kentucky, Missouri, Ma-
ryland, andD;laware be included? Because
they have suffered more during this war than
the more northern States ? Bccause their fields,
their villages, and their towns have been burned,
and their people robbed and murdered ? Be-
cause every disaster attending the war has been
infli'cted upon them? Is this the reason they
must be put under the jurisdiction of this Freed-
men's Bureau? Is it fair, is it just, to subject
them to this system of government? In pla-
cing them under the jurisdiction of tliisbureau,
is it the object to insult and humiliate the peo-
ple of those States and degrade 1 heir manhood?
It cannot be pretended that Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Pennsylvania, and many other of the
northern States have not within their limits large
numbers of freedmen and refugees. I have no
doubt that there are in the State of Ohio to-day
fifty thousand of these people, and an equal
number in the "States of Indiana and Illinois
respectively. Why are the free negroes in those
States to bo neglected and overlooked? "Do
they not stand as much in need of protection
(if protection of these people is the object of
the bill) as the freedmen in the State of Ken-
tucky ? I contend that in Kentucky the free
negroes are treated with more humanity and
consideration than in the States I have men-
tioned. Our laws in Kentucky are as favora-
ble to the freedmen as the laws of either of
those States. Our people are as kind, as lib-
eral, and as just toward the freedmen as the
people of the States 1 have named. My own
State has sacrificed not less than two hundred
million dollars of property to maintain this
Union, while many of the northern States, and
particularly New England, grew rich from her
manufactures during the war. Kentucky has
poured out as much blood to sustain the flag of
the country as any other State of 110 greater
population. And "for this is she to be insulted
and degraded by the presence of atribunal more
despotic than can be lound in any civilized
country upon the globe?
But, Mr. Speaker, there are eleven States
that have no .Representatives upon this floor ;
and upon these this bill is designed particularly
to operate. I ask whether it is just or magnani-
mous to impose ujion those States a system of
government like this without allowing their
wishes to bo heard in reference to the matter?
AVhy not allow them to be heard ? Why not
give them an opportunity to plead their own
cause, to represent their own most vital inter-
ests? I affirm, sir, that in legislating for those
States, or without allowing them any represen-
tation in these Halls, you are violating one of
the cardinal principles of republican govern-
ment; you are tearing down the main pillar
upon which our whole fabric of Government
rests; you are sowing broadcast the seeds of
revolution and ruin. Mr. Speaker, if the ob-
ject of gentlemen hero is to restore harmony
and peace and prosperity throughout the Union,
why do they adopt measures thus insulting,
tyrannical, and oppressive in their character?
Is this the way to restore harmony and peace
aud prosperity ? How can you expect to gain
the respect and affection of those people by
heaping upon them insult and injustice? If
they have the spirit of their ancestors, you may
crush them, you may slay them, but you can
never cause them to love you or respect you;
and they ought not while you force upon them
measures which are only intended to degrade
them. Let us rise to the spirit of true wisdom
and statesmanship, and treat those people in a
manner calculated to win back their affection
for the Union. Let us treat them with human-
ity and kindness, or at least with justice. I
believe that they are anxious to performingood
faith the duties of American citizens if they be
met in- a proper spirit; but so long as sueh
measures as negro suffrage, negro equality, and
the Freedmen's Bureau are thrust upon these
people, you may expect no restoration of peace
and brotherly love. By such unjust, and tyran-
nical legislation you -Aill only kindle the flames
of discontent and help to render areturn of our
country's former harmony aud prosperty im-
possible.
Mr. PHELPS and Mr. CHANLER addressed
the House. [Their remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
At the conclusion of Mr. Chaxlek,' s remarks,
Mr. TRIMBLE obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. HOG-AN, who moved that the House
adjourn. .
The motion was agreed to; and (at nine
o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 5, 1-866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Cray.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, I deem
it proper to say in consequence of my not being
present when the final vote was taken on Friday
on the bill (S. No. 61) to protect all persons in
the United States in their civil rights and fur-
nish the means of their vindication, that had I
been present I should have voted in favor of its
i passage.
VKT1TIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of a
convention of teachers and friends of popular
education, held at Winona, Minnesota, on the
30tli and 31st of August, 1865, recommending
the establishment of a national bureau of edu-
cation, and the granting of lands to the several ^
States for the establishment and support of
training schools for teachers, as has been done
for the establishment of agricultural colleges;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying Congress to levy
a tariff sufficient to give adequate protection to
American industry;, which was referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
South Haven, Michigan, praying for an appro-
priation for the purpose of building a light-
house and pier light at the mouth of the South
Black river, in the county of Van Buren, in
that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
South Haven, Michigan, praying for an appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor at
the mouth of South Black river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Gen-
eral Philip II. Sheridan and other officers of
the Army, praying for an increase of the com-
pensation of Army officers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented the petition of Warren
Garrett and others, citizens of Wilmington, in
the State of Delaware, praying Congress to so
amend the Constitution as to forever prohibit
any Slate from making any distinction in civil
rights and privileges between persons on ac-
! count of race or color; which was referred to
: the joint committee on reconstruction.
| Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, praying that early action may
be taken in relation to the purchase of squares
687 and 688, embraced within the proposed
