1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
Indiana county, Pennsylvania, asking an increase
of salary for the judge of the United States district
court of western Pennsylvania.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of 266 citizens,
"tvool-prtowari, of Columbiana county, Ohio, asking
an additional duty on wool.
Also, the petition of 88 wool-growers, of Jefferson
county, Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: A petition of citizens of
Kane county, Illinois, for increase of tariff on wool.
By Mr.JIALE: Six petitions of citizens of Essex
county, New York, for protection to the interests of
American wool-growers.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Essex county, New
York, for increased duties on imports so as tully to
protcct home labor.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Essex and Clinton
counties, New York, for further protection to Ameri-
can industry.
Also, the petition of Thomas Potter, and others,
citizens of Warren county, New York, for the passage
of laws regulating inter-State insurances.
By Mr, HITCIICOCIC: The memorial of the Ne-
braska Legislature, praying for land bounty for Ne-
braska volunteers.
Also, the memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
for reimbursement for oxpenses incurred in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities.
Also, the memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
for mail loute from Ponca to Fremont.
Also, tho memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
for mail route from Dakota City to Columbus.
Also, tho memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
for mail route from Plattsmouth to Beatrice.
Also, the memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
for mail route from Dakota City to Yancton.
Also, the memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
for mail route from Plattsmouth to Columbus.
Also, the memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
praying for a grant of land to aid m the construction
of a rail'foad west from Nebraska. City.
Also, tho memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
for a grant of land to aid in tho construction of a
railroad west fiom Biownville.
Also, the memorial of the Nebraska Legislature,
that Congress should give the same grants to aid in
the construction ot theBurlington andMissouri river
railroad extension that is now given the Union Pacific
railroad.
By Mr. LA FL1N: Tho petition of Joseph R, Leo,
and others, of lleikimer county, New York, in favor
ot just and equal laws establishing inter-State in-
surance.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of aboutl,000 hon-
orably discharged soldiers of Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for an equalization of bounties.
By Mr. MOOltllEAl): The petition of J. McDon-
ald Olcnn, anil others, citizens of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of duty upon
ioreurn wool.
By Mr. RAYMOND: Tho petition of Daniel Fitz-
gerald for a right to renew his patent for tho sala-
mander safe.
I'y M/. RICE, ofMaino: Tho petition of Hon. Ed-
ward kent, and others, of Bangor, Maine, asking
suspension of the law taxing i.-sues of State banks
ten per cent., until October 1,1867.
By Mr. ROUhRS: Tho memorial of P. Ballintinc
& Sons, and others, bro\vei>, in lelation to duty on
barley.
oiJ>>y ^r* SAWYER: Tho petition of Eli Stitson, and
*«)() otheis, icmuents of Winnebago county, State of
Wisconsin, asking for a duty of not less than ten
cents per pound and ten per cent, ad valorem on all
un washed wool, and double that duty on washed wool
ot foreign production imported into tho United
fetal cs.
By Mr. SCOF1ELD; Tho petition of P. B. Temple-
ton, foi compensation as stenographer m taking tes-
timony m the trial of Dr. ({cnrj&o A. Oardiner, con-
victed of defrauding tho Government of over half a
million doilais.
By Mr. VAN 110RN, of New Yoik: The petition
ot 14.> citizens ol Pavilion, New \ork, asking duty
Oil wool.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of citizens of
Lutlerronnty, Pennsylvania, asking for an increase
oi duties on foreign wools.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 2!), 1800.
The Chaplain, Rev. 15. II. Gray, offered the
following prayer:
O Lord! Thou hast been our refuge and our
dwclling-jilace in all generations. Before the
mountain., were brought, forth or Thou hadst
created t ho earth and the world, Thou art from
everlasting to everlasting God. We are the
creatures of a day. Wo look up unto Thee for
a blessing now to rest upon us as we arc about
to engage in these solemn services. May we
be suit ably admonished, may our minds bo prop-
erly impressed with our frailty, with our igno-
rance of our future, not knowing what a day
inay bring forth; and may we thus be better
fitted from the solemnities of this hour for tho
discharge of all the duties and responsibilities
resting upon us, and better prepared for Thy
"tory in the kingdom of heaven. Command
hy blessing, we pray Thee, upon us, and en-
able us to look up unto Thee as that God who
disposes of all events and of all beings as it
¥:
seemeth good in His sight; and when He has.
done with us here, may we be dismissed from
our earthly scene of labors with honor, and pre-
pared for a place of trust and honor and glory
in heaven. Though Jesus Christ, our Lord.
Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
senator from new jersey.
Mr. SUMNER. _ I move that the Secretary
of the Senate be directed to communicate to
the Governor of New Jersey a copy of the reso-
lution in reference to the seat of Mr. Stockton.
The motion was agreed to.
death of senator foot.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, T rise to
perform a most painful duty. A very few
months since Vermont was represented in the
Senate of the United States by two of her most
distinguished citizens, of large ability, tried
integrity, and filled with the wisdom derived
from long experience in public affairs. Just
previous to the commencement of the present
session one of these eminent men, my prede-
cessor on this floor, was called away by death.
While the voices of mourning for his loss are
yet sounding in our ears, the bolt has again
fallen, and Vermont is again called to weep
over the dead form of the other.
My colleague in this body, and one of its
oldest and most distinguished members, Hon.
Solomon Foot, died at his lodgings in this city
yesterday, at about eight o'clock in tho morn-
ing. lie endured a long and painful sickness
with patience and resignation, and departed
this life with bright and cheerful hopes of a
blessed immortality in tho life to come.
'The time which has elapsed since this great
sorrow has fallen upon us has been so short,
that amid the grief and care occasioned by the
sad event, I have found no time in which to
prepare to speak suitably of the character and
distinguished public services of our departed
associate ; and I shall therefore ask the indul-
gence of the Senate on some future day, when
time shall have a little dulled the sharp edge
of our grief, for myself, and others who may
desire, an opportunity to pay appropriate trib-
ute to the memory of the deceased.
I now offer the following resolutions, and
ask their present consideration:
Jiemhvd, That the members of the Senate, from
a sincere desu c of showing every mark of respect to
Hon. Solomon Ioot, deceased, Into a Senator from
the State of Vermont, will go into mourning for the
rcsutuo of tho present session by the usual mode of
wearing crape on the left arm.
liofiolcxul, That the Senate will attend the funeral
ot the deceased from the Senate Chamber at one
o'clock to-day; and that the committee of arrange-
ment^. consisting of Messrs. JJoolittle, Anthony,
Howard, Hkmhucics, Sherman", and Cuckalew,
superintend the,same.
Ordered, That tho Secretary communicate these
proceedings to the House of Representatives.
The resolutions wore unanimonsly adopted.
kecess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see by the arrange-
ments that the body of our deceased colleague
is not to bo brought to tho Chamber until one
o'clock. I move therefore that the Senate take
a recess until that hour.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore resumed the
chair at one o'clock.
message from the house.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. McPiierson,
its Clerk: _ '
Mr. President, I am directed by the House
of Representatives to inform the Senate that it
has this day adopted the following resolutions:
■Revolved, That this House has heard with deep
sensibility tho announcement of the death of Hon.
Solomon Foot, a Senator in Congress from the State
ot Vermont.
Itcsolvcd, That, as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the members and officers of
this House will wear the usual badge of mournine
tor thirty days.
Tlrsalved, That the proceedings of this House in
relation to the death of Hon. Solomon Foot be com-
municated to the family of the .deceased by the Clerk.
hejolvcd, |hat the House will its a body repair to
tho benate Chamber to attend the funeral of the de-
ceased at the hour of one o'clock this day, and upon
its return to the Hall that the Speaker declare the
House adjourned.
At one o' clock the corpse, attended by the
committee of arrangements, pall-bearers, fam-
ily and friends of the deceased, and citizens
of Vermont, was removed from the late resi-
dence of the deceased, and placed in the area
in the center of the Senate Chamber, where
seats were provided for the remaining Senator
and Representatives from Vermont and the
family of the deceased. The judges and offi-
cers of the Supreme Court of the United States,
the President of the United States and heads
of the various Departments, and the members
of the House of Representatives, preceded by
their Speaker and officers, entered the Senate
Chamber at intervals, and were conducted to
the seats assigned to them.
Prayer was then offered up by Rev. E. H.
Gray, D. D., Chaplain of the Senate.
Rev. Byron H. Sunderlaxd delivered a dis-
course from the text, Psalm ciii, verses 13-18:
/' Like as a father pitieth his children, so tho Lord
pitieth them that fear him.
"For he knoweth our frame; ho remembereth that
we arc dust.
"Asfor man, bis days are as grass; as a flower of the
field, so he flourishetn.
" For the wind passeth over it, and it is gone; and
the place thereof shall know it no more.
"But the mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to
everlasting upon them that fear him, and his right-
eousness unto children's children.
"To such as keep his co\enant, and to those that
remember his commandments to do them."
Rev. C. 13. Boyxton, Chaplain of the House
of Representatives, closed the ceremonies by
an impressive prayer, after which the funeral
procession left the Senate Chamber to convey
the body to the depot of tho Baltimore and
Washington railroad, in the following order:
The Chaplains of Congress for the occasion.
Tho Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements.
Mr. Doolittle, Mr. Hendricks,
Anthony, Sherman,
Howard, Buckalew.
Pall-Bearers.
Mr. Fessendbjt,
Harris,
Johnson,
Mr. Gutiirie,
Lane of Indiana,
Sumner.
The family and friends of the deceased.
The Senator and Representatives from the
State of Vermont as mourners.
Citizens of the State of Vermont.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate of the
United States.
The members of the Senate, preceded by the
President of tho Senate pro tempore and the
Secretary of tho Senate.
Tho Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The members of the House of Represent-
atives, preceded by its Speaker and Clerk.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Departments.
The Diplomatic Corps.
Judges of the United States.
Officers of the Executive Departments.
Officers of the Army and Navy.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizens and strangers.
After the funeral, the Senate returned to
their Chamber.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 29, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
kansas railroad and telegraph.
Mr. LOAN. I rise to a privileged question.
I see that in the Globe of Tuesday, Senate bill
