3624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
the petition that he was shipped as an ordinary
seaman in the United States naval service.
If so, he ought to go on the naval pension
fund. There does not seem to be any testi-
mony to support the case, though.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He accounts for
the absence of testimony on the ground that
he was captured and taken prisoner, and the
witness who was with him has deserted our
service, but there is abundant proof of the
nature of the injury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
lucinda gates.
Mr. L^J^E, of Indiana. I move to take up
House bill No. 616.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
E. Wo. 616) for the relief of Lucinda Gates
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for placing the name of Lucinda
Gates, widow of the late Horace Gates, of
Franklin, Vermont, on the roll of invalid pen-
sions, she to be paid the same pension during
her widowhood, from the death of her husband,
as was allowed him per special act approved
July 4, 1864.
bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
what the special act is to which reference is
made in this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana.* There is a House
report accompanying the bill which can be read
if desired. We examined the papers and found
the case entirely satisfcctory. I cannot re-
member the facts of this particular case, there
are so many of them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not ask for the read-
ing of the report if the Senator will state the
case.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is a House bill.
I do not remember the facts of the ease, though
I know that \ro«0X&mined the papers and found
them satisfaSfory.
Mr. KAMSEY. I imagine that our com-
mittee had before them all the evidence on
which the House committee acted.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. We had all the evi-
dence, and examined all the papers which were
beffirethe House, and finding the House report
satisfactory, we adopted it for ourselves.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine that is sufficient.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will not insist on the
reading of the report, but I supposed the Sen-
ator from Indiana could explain in a word what
the bill meant.
Mr. GRIMES. We have just passed a bill
where we had no evidence at all.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The committee
examined all the papers. If all the papers
were not here, we sent to the House- of Rep-
resentatives and got every paper they had acted
upon, and examined every one separately, and
wherever the House report was satisfactory we
did not make a new report.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
REUBEN CLOTCII.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 171, for
the relief of Reuben Olough, which was reported
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 171) for the relief of Reuben Clough was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. The
purpose of the bill is to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Reuben Clough
on the invalid pension-roll, at tho rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing on tho 15th
?yr> y' an(^ ending on the 29th day
oi December, 1848, when his present pension
W^n V Pension Bureau,
■the Committee on Pensions proposed to
2^®? sHlkiDS out> iil six, the
words " 15th day of May, 1815," and inserting
1st day of January, 1816."
7"^' ®MES, Does th£ Senator from Min-
read a Aat ease?
a&AMSMY* X -fa&ve no ol$ecftkm.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is a report
accompanying this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a regular old stager.
It has been here ever since I have been in the
Senate. The claim runs back to 1816. It has
been a favorite with the Vermont Senators, if
I remember aright, for the last ten years.
.. Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. Edmunds on the 7th of June:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
Senate bill No. 171, entitled "A bill for tho relief of
Reuben Clough," having considered the same, beg
leave to report:
That the facts in the case appear in the printed pa-
per herewith returned, marked A, to which the com-
mittee refer forstatemcnt thereof. Under the aet of
May 15,1820, (3 Statutes-at-Large, 597.) which provides
that "the right any person now Has, or may hereafter
acquire, to receive a pension in virtue of any law of
the United States shall be considered to commence
at the time of completing his testimony/' &c., the
said Clough obtained a pension, commencing on the
29th day of December, 1848, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month. The said Clough was wounded at
the battle of Chippewa, on tho 5th day of July, 1814,
and was justly entitled to a pension therefor, under
the acts of 1812 and 1813.
The committee find from the evidence that the
intellect of the said Clough, as well as his physical
health, was greatly enfeebled and impaired in con-
sequence of said wound; and they arc satisfied from
the evidence that he failed to complete his testimony
withm a few years after the war of 1812 in conse-
quence of his intellect beingso enfeebled and of the
want of friends to care for his interests." At one time,
prior to 1849, but when does not appear, he piocur^d
his testimony in part, but his ease was neglected and
his testimony lost.
Recognizing fully the propriety of these rigorous
limitations in the pension laws, they as fully recog-
nize the equitable exceptions which exist in all stat-
utes of limitations, and in most other laws, in favor
of persons incapable or deprived of the opportunity
of defending their own interest; and inasmuch as the
samo wound which created his right to a pension de-
prived him of the intellectual capacity to obtain it,
they are of the opinion that no laches are imputable
to him in the premises, and that he is Justly entitled
to a pension irom sjiich time as he might reasonably
have been expected to complete his testimony, had
his intellect remained unimpaired, which the com-
mittee think would have been January 1,1816. The
committee therefore recommend that the bill pass
with an amendment, as follows: in line six strike
out the words "15th day of May, 1815," and insert the
words "1st day of January, lSlO.''
Pension Office, April 19,1860.
It appears from tho evidence that Reuben Clough
was wounded at Chippewa July 5,1814. The Adju-
tant General made the following report in the case:
"That Captain Goodrich's muster-roll for June, 1814,
reports that Reuben Clough enlisted Octobcrl, 1812,
for five years. On roll for August he is reported
wounded/ m general hospital July 5,1814. Captain
Bliss's muster-roll, eleventh infantry, war establish-
ment, ending May 15,1815, reports Reuben Clough
wounded July 5,1814; hospital, Williamsvillc."
It appears that in the battle of Chippewa he re-
ceived a wound in his face by a ball entering the
right nostril, and passing out back of the angle of the
lower jaw into the neck. The surgeons in their cer-
tificate say; " The inflammation which would prob-
ably .result from such a gunshot wound might, and
probably would, impair materially the mental facul-
ties, by deranging the functions of the brain."
ihe following is a synopsis of the testimony of wit-
nesses, in the order in which it is presented: Henry
Newman, who lives near, and has known Reuben
Olough twelve years, knows he is very poor, and
incapable of getting his living; his mind appears to
be very much impaired.
JBbenezer Perkins has known him for eightf years;
knows his intellectual faculties are very poor and
much impaired.
Cyrus Smith has known him for fourteen years:
considers his faculties very poor toward getting a
living. ^
E, B. Dennison has known him about sixteen
years; says his intellectual faculties are and have
been very poor, and his memory very treacherous.
fcamucl Sleeper has known him well for more than
torty years; that before he enlisted in the Army he
had a good, fair intellect: that after his return from
the Army he was wounded and feeble; his constitu-
tion and health very much impaired, his intellect
enfeebled, and his memory poor, and has been ever
since his return from the Army.
John S. Ruter has been acquainted with Reuben
Clough for fifty-three years; knew him when a small
boy; up to tho time he entered the Army was consid-
ered of a strong constitution and fair intellect; on his
return he had been wounded in the face and was very
teeble; his constitution seemed much impaired and
his intellect shattered; his intellect has remained
very much impaired to the present day.
David Sleeper has been well acquainted with Beu-
ben Clough since 1808; previous to his entering the
,6 ,Ta3L 00£81(*ered a smart young man,
and of good intellect. Soon after his return from the
Army in 1815 ho earn© to my father's; ho was then
vcryleeple; appeared tohavebeen severely wounded
in and about the mouth; severalof his teeth missing,
ms constitution Quite broken down, his intellect
body ; he has never recovered in either
John W. Smith has been acquainted with him for
more than thirty years; knows that he made several
efforts to get his testimony prepared within the last
twenty years, but failed on account of his extreme
poverty and great deficiency of intellect. Once he
procured his testimony in part, but his case was neg-
lected and the testimony lost. Said Clough is very
poor and quite the wreck of a man, both in body and
mind.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time
and passed.
john gordon.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 464) for the relief of John Gordon.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of John Gordon, late
of company G, ninth United States infantry,
npon the pension-rolls at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to continue during his natural
life.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. When this bill was
previously before the Seriate it was objected
to by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Gkimes] on
the ground of its being alleged that a fever sore
had ensued from a fever, the man had a de-
formity from that, and was discharged in con-
sequence. On looking at the report and evi-
dence afterward I found that that matter was
really of no consequence, as the sore itself
occurred while the man was still in the ser-
vice, and the deformity ensued, and he was
discharged honorably from the service in con-
sequence of the deformity. I have, neverthe-
less, desiring to be enlightened, looked into
the nature of these fever sores, and I find from
Woreester's Dictionary that "fever sore is the
common name of a species of caries or necro-
sis;" that "necrosis is mortification, particu-
larly mortification or lifeless state of a bone."
Caries is "ulceration or rottenness of a bone;
cariosity." Webster says "fever sore" is
"the popular name of a carious ulcer or ne-
crosis," and that "necrosis" is "among physi-
cians, mortification, the dry gangrene; among
surgeons, an inflammation of a bone, termi-
nating in its death." I have also a letter from
a physician in this city, which was procured
for me by Dr. Evans, Senator-elect from Col-
orado, saying:
"Feversore is defined to be a popular name for
a carious ulcer, commonly caused by the death of
bone. The parts of the body where such a condition
occurs are upon the bones, hands, the feet, and the
legs. _ The causes which produce such a malady are
injuries, bruises, and any cause that will seriously
depress the viral forces. Contractions and deformi-
ties of the part invariably ensue after such a disease,
injuring the usefulness and strength of the part."
I think the case was entirely satisfactory ex-
cept as to this one point; and I presume that
if these definitions have not removed the diffi-
culty on that score, the fact that the sore oc-
curred while the man was still in the service
and in the line of his duty, and that he was
discharged from the service in consequencc of
his being unable to render military service, will
be sufficient to satisfy all.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
hopestill bigelow.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 359 for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 359) for the relief of Ilopestill Bigelow,
of New Market, New Jersey, was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the payment to
Hopestill Bigelow of $710 93J, in full for pen-
sion due him from the 17th day of April, 1837,
to the 26th day of Juno, 1848, at the rate of
$5 33J per month, which pension was improp-
erly suspended and not paid to him, and to
which he was entitled during that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NANCY A. STOCKS.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
