1866.
THE CON"G-KESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
641
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the Senate the papers relating
io the claim of the Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pot-
tawatomie Indians, in tho State of Michigan.
No adverse report has been made, but on the
contrary, a favorable report was made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I also move that the
petition of Preston Starritt, claiming pay which
he alleges to be due him as a messenger in the
Senate, be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order-
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to say one word in re-
gard to the motion submitted by the Senator
from Wisconsin. I find that when papers are
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, the rule
is that they shall only be withdrawn when there
has been no adverse report. The clerks of the
Senate, if they do not find an adverse report
written out and with the papers, send down the
papers to the committee to which they arc
referred though there is clearly evidence on tho
papers that there have been one or more ad-
verse reports. I think that practice should bo
corrected. I think, if there is anything in the
papers that shows the claim has been reported
upon adversely, it should not lie again referred
to a committee without the unanimous consent
of the Senate.
reports of committees.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of David
Baker and others, owners of the brig Sabao,
praying for remuneration for the loss of their
vessel destroyed by the rebel steamer James-
town, at Fortress Monroe, on the 12th of April,
1862, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. AV. Downey,
praying for relief for property sold under the
confiscation act, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Selma Barclay,
praying for remuneration for the loss of her
property caused ,by the burning of the navy-
yard in Portsmouth, Virginia, in April, 1801,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Minnesota in favor of the passage of a law grant-
ing a bounty to certain members of the second
Minnesota cavalry, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
J. W. Gordon, late major in the eleventh Uni-
ted States infantry, praying that the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury may be author-
ized to credit him for payments of bounty to
enlisted men, reported a bill (S. No. 121) for
the relief of Jonathan W. Gordon, late major
in the eleventh regiment of infantry; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from tho Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Clara Moore, praying for the payment to her
of the amount of the claim of her husband
for money paid for additional clerks and office
accommodations for those clerks in the regis-
ter's office, at Lecompton, Douglas county,
Kansas, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed. _ ^
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of James Larry, praying for compensation for
looses sustained by him in tlie occupation of
his m-operty by the United States Army near
Cold Harbor, Virginia, in June, 1804, submitted
an adverse report thereon.
recistejitxo of vessels.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (II. R. No.
39rnr Coxo. 1st Skss.—No. 41.
204) to regulate the registering of vessels, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment and with a recommendation that it pass.
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
act upon this bill at this time.
The P KESI DENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the bill oil the day it, is reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear it
read first.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, d:c., That no ship or vessel which has
been recorded or registered as an American vessel
pursuant to law. and which shall have been licensed
or otherwise authorized to sail under a foreign flag,
and to have tho protection of any foreign Govern-
ment during the existence of the rebellion, shall be
deemed or registered as an American vessel, or shall
have tho rights and privileges of American vessels,
except under the provisions of an act of Congress
authorising such registry.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
bill just read ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer that it should lie
over. It is a very important x-ule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. It lies over
under the rule, objection being made.
bills introduced.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 128) authorizing limited partner-
ships in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 129) for the relief of the heirs of James
Bawden; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
reclamation of swamp lands.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate a copy of tho memorial
of Brevet Brigadier General 31. S. Roberts, United
States Army, setting forth his view of a plan for re-
claiming tho swamp and waste lauds of the lower
Jlisbissippi river.
message from tim house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. R- No. 82) allowing persons having
lost one foot and one hand in the naval service
of the United States the same pension now
allowed to persons having suffered the same
loss in the military service;
A bill (II. 11. No. 214) for the benefit of Col-
onel R. E. Bryant;
A bill (II. R. No. 215) for the benefit of John
W. Campbell;
A bill (H. R. No. 210) for the relief of Cor-
delia Murray;
A bill (II. R. No. 217) for the relief of Robert
Ilenne;
A bill (II.R. No.218) for tho relief of Charles
Yonley; and
A bill (II. R. No. 219) for the relief of Catha-
rine Mock.
house bills referred.
The following bills from tho House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 214) for the benefit of Col-
onel R.E. Bryant—to the Committee ou Claims.
A bill (II. R. No. 215) for the benefit of John
W. Campbell—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (II. R. No. 21C) for the relief of Cor-
delia Murra}—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (II. R. No. 217) for the relief of Robert
Ilenne—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (II. R. No. 218) for the relief of Charles
youlev—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 210) for the relief of Catha-
rine Mock—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. II. No. 82) allowing persons having
lost one foot and one hand in the naval service
of the United States the same pension now
allowed to persons having suffered the same
loss in the military service, was read by its title.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Comrttittee on
Pensions have reported a bill precisely identical
with this, which has already passed the Senate
and been sent to the House.'
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. This bill will
be referred to the Committee on Pensions, if
there bo no objection.
J. B. RITTENHOUSE.
Mr. NYE. I move to take up Senate bill No.
80. It is a bill of a single section, and will take
but a moment to consider it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 80) for the relief of J. B. Rittenhouse, fleet
paymaster of the Pacific 3quadron, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs theproperaceounting
officers of the Treasury, in the settlement of the
accounts of J. B. Rittenhouse, fleet paymaster
of the Pacific squadron, to release him from all
accountability for the amount of $13,509, pub-
lic money, stolen from him on the evening of
October 30, 1805, while on duty at Panama, or
such portion thereof as he shall fail to recover.
Mr. N YE. I will detain the Senate but a
moment with a brief statement of the facts in
regard to this bill. Mr. Rittenhouse is the fleet
paymaster of the Pacific squadron, and is sta-
tioned at Panama. On the evening of the 30th
of October last, his safe was opened by false
keys and $13,500 taken therefrom. He imme-
diately reported the facts to the commanding
officer of the squadron, Commander Paulding,
and he instituted or organized a board of inquiry
to investigate and report upon the facts of the
case. They did so fully, which proceedings and
findings are to be found in the printed report
accompanying tho bill. Tho board of inquiry
found that, the paymaster was entirely excusable
from any fault of the robbery. Subsequent to
that time a boy that he had in his employ made
the following confession with regard to the man-
ner in which the money was stolen:
Confession of Fritz J}. I). Tehe, ltith December, 18G5.
Fritz1). D. Ieke, being sworn, deposed as follows:
Know a man by tho name of Mark Bradley, ana
have been in tho habit of going to his saloon. Ho
keeps a bar-room in the lower part of tho town, near
the eastern gate, lie asked me to get ail impression
of the key of 1<' lee t Paymaster J. B. Itittenhouse'ssafe.
lie told mo to take a piece of papor and press the key
upon it. 1 took the impression in this way, .and gavo
it to Bradley, who made a key of iron, which I saw
him do. One day, the paymaster told nie to get a
bottle of wine from a chest within the adjoining room,
and gave me tho key of this chest, which was attached
to a bundle of keys, among which was the safe key. 1
then took the impression of the sate key. 1 took the
impression while T was in the adjoining room.
Question. Did Bradley ask you to do this?
Ansieei. Yes, sir. lie said lie would give ino some
of the money. 11 e told me lie wanted the impression
of the sale key so that he could get into tho sate. Did
not know how much money was in the safe. Bradley
gave m© seven dollars alter the robbery. diltcrent
times. 1 saw .Bradley down town on the afternoon of
the 30th of October, and he asked me if there was a
lot of money in the safe. I told him yes. Bradley
did not oomo hero himself to get the money, but gavo
the key to a man called Ned, who wis at Bradley s
place, and who knew all about thcm&tter. .Nod cam©
hero at about seven o'clock in the evening, while i
was here alone, and gave me the key. I opened tne
sale and Ned took out the money and carried it away
in a basket. Ned was a email, sickly looking man.
Question. Did Foster have anything to do with tho
robbery? , , , ... , , ... .,
Antwer. No, sir; ho had nothing to do wiln it.
Bradley made the key, and Ned came and got the
money. 1 opened the sale for him, and locked it
again, giving him the key, which he took awriy. Ned
promised me about three thousand or three thousand
five hundred dollars, but said that Bradley would not
give me more than four or five huiidicd dolhus.
Don't know whether or not the money instill at Brad-
ley's Hour or five days before the robbery, iSiadlcy
a?ked me whether or not there was much money in
the bafe. I told him I thought not, but that there
probably would be more at the end oi the month.
After Bradley made the key, ho gave it to me one day
to bee if it would fit. I tried it, and found tnat it
oi>encd the safe, and then returned it to him.
0i LEONARD PAULDING,
Lieutenant ('ommatider. Senior Officer.
SOMERSET ItOBiNSON,
Su/'ctcon United Slates Xovy,
WILLIAM B. LITTLE,
United Stat-tH Consul.
JUAN JOSE DIAZ.
E. DILLINGHAM.
Icet Paymaster's ClerJc.
Subsequent to Ibis time $5?260 in
found secreted behind a clock belonging to
