1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2665
bills—there are three already, and I think
there is a fourth on your table—should be
refer ed. I move that a special committee of
five be appointed by the Chair, to which all
bills and measures relating to the metric sys-
tem shall be referred.
Mr. HENDERSON. It seems to me that
the Finance Committee is the most appropriate
committee for measures of this description. I
scarcely see the necessity of raising a special
committee on the subject. It will, perhaps,
more appropriately go to the Committee on
Finance than to any other, unless there be some
special reasons that I have not heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to.
CIRCUIT COURT IN VIRGINIA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A bill (H.
R. No. 563) amended by the Senate is returned
from the House of Representatives accompa-
nied by the following resolution :
In the House of Representatives,
Mail 16,1866.
Resolved, That the House non-eoneurin the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 563) to reg-
ulate the time and fix the place for holding the circuit
court of the United States in the district of Virginia,
and for other purposes, and ask aconferenco with the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe it'is in order
to move to recede from the Senate amendment
and agree to the bill as passed by the House
originally. If so, I make the motion. The
amendment which the Ilousc has disagreed to,
I will state to the Senate, was striking out the
latter part of the bill which gave to the judges
of the court authority to appoint special terms
and to adjourn the court from time to time.
It was thought by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary that the laws already conferred that power,
and hence we struck out that provision in the
bill as it came from the House. The House
has disagreed to it, and I move that the Senate
recede from its amendment and then the bill
will be passed.
The motion was agreed to.
transmission of soldiers' medals.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 97) to authorize certain
medals to be distributed to veteran soldiers free
of postage.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps the Senate are
willing to pass the resolution now. The State
of Ohio gave medals to veteran soldiers, and
the Legislature adjourned at the last session
without making an appropriation for their dis-
tribution. They are now on hand for distribu-
tion, and this simply provides that they maybe
gent through the post office free of postage. If
any Senator desires a reference I have no ob-
jection to its being referred; but if not, as the
medals are there, I should like to have it passed
so that it may go to the other House.
Mr. WADI5. Let it be passed at once; there
can be no objection to it.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
proposes to authorize the adjutant general of
the State of Ohio to distribute through the
mails free of postage to veteran soldiers en-
listed in Ohio certain medals furnished by the
General Assembly of that State, and to provide
that in such ease the envelope inclosing the
medals shall be franked in the mode prescribed
by the Postmaster General.
The joint resolution was read three times
and passed.
bridge at winona.
Mr. NORTON. I move to take np Senate
bill No. 263, which was laid aside the other
day on the motion of the Senator from Wis- !
consin, [Mr. Doolitti.e.] i
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, !
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the !
consideration of the bill (S. No. 2G-3) to author- |
ize the Winona and St. Peter's Railroad Com- j
pany to construct a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river, and to establish a post route.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole?
Mr. NORTON. I will state to the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] that the amend-
ments that liave been adopted wore the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE. There is one of those amend-
ments that 1 thought there was a question about.
I wish to call attention to the amendment to
the first section. Is not that a new principle?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is embraced m all the
other hills that have been reported here by the
Post Office Committee. It is to avoid a diffi-
culty that occurred in the litigation in regard
to the Rock Island bridge. I believe the pro-
ceedings wore first had in the district court of
the United States for the State of Iowa; and
I think it was there held that they had juris-
diction but to the thread of the stream, and
hence had not jurisdiction of the whole matter
of the bridge. This is to give that jurisdiction
to the courts.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The ameudment was sug-
gested by those who have in charge the inter-
ests of navigation at St. Louis.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on concurring in the
amendments collectively, unless a division of
them be asked.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill by inserting after the word
" Wisconsin" in the ninth line, the words "or
between La Crosse, in the State of Wisconsin,
and the opposite bank of said river, in the
State of Minnesota, as may be agreed by the
Legislatures of Minnesota and Wisconsin;"
so that the scction will read :
That. the "Winona and St. Peter's Railroad Com-
pany, :i corporation existing under and by virtue of
thelaws of the Si ;i.Te of Minnesota, be, and the same
is hereby, authorized and empowered to erect, main-
tain, use, and operato a bridge across^ the Mississippi
river, betweon tho city of Winona, in the Stato of
Minnesota, and tho opposito bank of said river, in
the State of "Wisconsin, or between La Orosso, in the
State of Wisconsin, and the opposite bank of said
river, in tho stato of Minnesota, as may be agreed by
the Legislatures of Minnesota and Wisconsin, sub-
ject to tho conditions and limitations hereinafter
provided.
Mr. NORTON. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted for several reasons; chiefly
from the fact that this company, the Winona
and St. Peter's Railroad Company, has no au-
thority to build a railroad to a point on the
Mississippi river opposite the city of La Crosse.
This company is building a road west from the
city of Winona, and also lias a charter author-
izing it to construct a road on the east side
of the river from a point opposite the city of
Winona to intersect with the Milwaukee and
LaCrosse road. This company has no author-
ity, nor is there any company in the State of
Wisconsin incorporated that has authority to
build a railroad from Winona to La Crosse.
There is a road in process of construction from
La Crosse, or opposite La Crosse, westwardly,
running through Minnesota, now running per-
haps twenty or thirty miles. To the construc-
tion of a bridge at that point to connect those
two roads, there is no objection on the part of
the people of Minnesota; certainly none on
the part of the persons interested in the con-
struction of this bridge at Winona.
The effect of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin is to inaugurate, or
rather to continue, a local contest betweon the
city of La Crosse and the eitysof Winona. The
Senator from Wisconsin proposes to amend the
bill by authorizing the construction of a bridge
either at Winona or La Crosse as the Legisla-
tures of Wisconsin and Minnesota may agree.
The result of that would bo that the Legislature
of Wisconsin, consulting the interests of the
city of La Crosse, would insist upon the con-
struction of the bridge at La Crosse, and would
not consent to tho construction of a bridge at
Winona; and the Legislature of Minnesota
would withhold its consent to the construction
of a bridge at La Crosse, and insist upon ita
being at Winona. The consequence would be,
tho Legislatures not agreeing, that there would
bo no bridge built.
Now, sir, the interests of the two States will
be subserved and there will be no conflict of
interest between these points if we allow the
construction of a bridge at LaCrosse when the
railroad companies touching the river at that
point and opposite to it shall desire it; and to
that the State of Minnesota has no sort of objec-
tion ; and we think that the State of Wisconsin
ought to have no objection to the construction
of a bridge at the city of Winona, where the
Winona and St. Peter's Railroad Company now
have some seventy miles of road, and are
engaged in the construction of a road on the
east side of the river. The effect of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin,
if adopted, will be inevitably that there will ba
a disagreement between the States ol'Wiscon-
sin and Minnesota on this subject, and conse-
quently no bridge will be built. I hope it will
not be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to mc the Senate will
not refuse to agree to this amendment. There
is a very large interest in the State of Wiscon-
sin and in the Stato of Minnesota which is
opposed to the bridging of this great natural
highway at all; but it is very generally con-
ceded that the interests of commerce tending
between the East and the West do require
bridges at certain points; and this necessity has
been recognized in two or more instances by
the Senate of the United States. But I think
every Senator will agree that there is no com-
mercial interest that requires a bridge, which
is a sort of highway, to be constructed across
that river except at points where the river is
touched by railroads both from the West and
from the East. Where there is a mere ferry
across the river now, connecting two common
roads, there can be no commerce over such a
point of sufficient importance to warrant the
building of a bridge; but where railroads, which
are great highways, ministering to great com-
mercial wants, touch the river on each bank
there may be a just claim set,up for furnishing
a bridge connecting those two groat artificial
highways.
This bill proposes the bridging of the river
at a point called Winona, in the State of Min-
nesota. There is a railroad touching the river
at that point from the West, but there is no
railroad in existence touching it from the East.
It connects with no road on this side. It is
alleged that if this bridge be authorized, a road
will be built from the point opposite Winona,
on the Wisconsin side, to connect with the roads
east; but at La Crosse, which is about thirty
miles below Winona, on the same river^ there
is a road touching the river from both sides.
Mr. NORTON. Will the Senator allow me,
just here, to say that neither of the railroad
companies touching at La Crosse, neither the
Minnesota company nor the Wisconsin com-
pany, is now asking for the privilege of build-
ing a bridge there.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President; neither
of them is here asking for a bridge at this time.
Mr. NORTON. Nor are they asking it of
the States.
Mr. IIOWE. I state the fact that at that
point, which is about thirty miles below Wi-
nona, there are three artificial highways already
constructed and touching the river on both
banks ; and it would seem to me that if a bridge
were tobc built anywhere in that region, across
the river, there is the proper-place.
It is said that the company which has cpn-
structed the road touching the Mississippi at
Winona is not authorized to go down to the
river to the point opposite LaCrosse and does
not want to go down on that side. That is
very likely to be the case with that, toiupaujr;
but we understand that there is no difficulty in
the way of their coming down there if they
wish. 'But here is the fact: this company lias
sought permission of the State of W isconsin to
