1866.}
.APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
39th €ong. ... 1st Sbss.
Reconstruction—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
tinguished Cabinet officers who were visited by
a serenading party the other night, and cate-
chized in much the same way, and whether
a:iy of their responses were framed upon this
precedent or not, I do not know.
This was in 1687. In 1688 the dismissed
lieutenants of counties were restored to favor
and to place. The committee of Privy Coun-
cilors were dismissed from Whitehall and dis-
graced, and the King himself was a fugitive
from his realm, and no man has since occu-
pied his throne who supported his policy.
Sir, history is useless if it do not guide and
animate us in the discharge of our duties.
Mr. President, some things have been said,
and some incidents have transpired, since this
debate commenced in January last which I
propose to notice, although they are not very
material to the debate itself. We seem to have
parted company here. Gentlemen who met in
this Congress at the beginning of the session
representing the same party, upholding the
same cause, commissioned to the same work,
seem no longer to work together; and it has
happened unfortunately, very unfortunately for
the cause, very unfortunately for me, very un-
fortunately for the State that I have the honor
in part to represent, that my colleague and
myself seem to have parted company in this
time.
My colleague some time since thought he had
occasion to admonish me that the present Pres-
ident of the United States was not elected by
the Whig party. I believe he was entirely cor-
rect in that statement. I really never had said
or supposed that he was elected by the Whig
party, and I did not quite understand at the
time, and I do not quite understand now, what
the necessity was for reminding me of so obvi-
ous a truth as that. It is true I did once belong
to the Whig party. If, according to my col-
leagues's understanding of the gospel plan,
that is the one unpardonable sin; if thatisthat
blasphemy against the Holy Ghost which never
can be forgiven in this world or in the world to
come, I must submit to the consequences. I
really was very honest and sincere, however,
when I belonged to the Whig party. I really
did think the Whig party tried to serve the
country according to the best of its light and
judgment; and I thought its light and its judg-
ment were about as good as there were going.
I think so still. I continued to serve it up to
the time when in 1854 that party made its last
struggle to defeat the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; and when I found it, by reason
of the defection of its southern members almost
in a body, entirely unable to do anything to re-
sist the tide of slavery aggressions, then, sir, I
abandoned the Whig party and I united my-
self with the only party which seemed to me to
promise some hope of effecting such a resistance.
That is the extent of my guilt in that behalf.
My colleague took occasion to say in sub-
stance that he cared nothing for parties only
as means to ends, but when we came down to
principles we would find him there every time.
If he had said that simply by way of paying
tribute to his own steadfastness and stability
I should not have felt called upon to dissent;
but when he parades it rather as a reproach to
those who no longer act with him than as a
commendation of himself, it seems to me to
demand some notice. I certainly do not stand
here to deny that he is always true to princi-
ile; but I stand here to say that I do not think
e is the only one who is always true to prin-
ciple ; and I must be allowed to add that, true
as he is to principle, he is not understood to
have been always true to the same principles.
I have understood that in 1848 my colleague
was a member of a convention which assem-
bled at Buffalo, in the State of New York—a
convention of what was called the Free Dem-
ocratic party. That convention adopted what
they called a platform. In that platform I
find this resolution, the closing one:
"Resolved, That we inscribe on our banners, 'Eree
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 15.
i
soil, free speech, free labor, and free men,' and under
it we will fight on and fight ever, until a triumphant
victory shall reward our exertions."
I do not know that my colleague was a mem-
ber of that convention. I have been told so.
If he was there and subscribed to this resolu-
tion, I have no doubt it truly reflected his con-
victions .at that time, and that he was then true
to that principle. But my colleague will hardly
insist that he was true to the same principle in
1852, four years later, when in Racine he was
opposing the candidate of the same party whose
representative he was at Buffalo, and where he
is said to have exerted himself to prove that
slavery was of divine ordination, and to prove
it from the Scriptures.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is false that I ever
said that anywhere. It is true that in 1852 I
supported General Pierce and my colleague
supported General Seott; but they stood pre-
cisely on the same platform, as far as slavery
was concerned.
Mr. HOWE. If it is false that my colleague
ever made any such defense of slavery, I am
very glad to hear it, and I am very glad that I
have furnished him the opportunity to say so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to that, I
do not know where my colleague obtains any
information bearing on this subject, but it is
utterly false. For twenty-five years I have
spoken on the subject publicly, in the State of
New York and in all the States, and I have
always maintained, in every form in which lan-
guage could be used, that slavery was wrong.
The idea that I ever defended it as a divine
institution is utterly false.
Mr. HOWE. I am very glad to be cor-
rected. I did not make myself responsible for
the statement. I introduced it here in his
hearing that he might contradict it if it were
not true. I have heard it repeatedly said
within the State of Wisconsin ; I am surprised
it should have come to my colleague's ears now
for the first time. If I am mistaken about it,
as I must think I am, I am glad to bo so told.
But if he did not advocate slavery then and
there in his speech, he defended and upheld a
party which did uphold slavery, and he did not
adhere to the Free Democratic party which he
did uphold in 1848.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have stated to my
colleague that in 18521 supported the election
of General Pierce ; and upon the slavery ques-
tion his platform was precisely the same as the
platform of the Whig party, whom my col-
league supported in Wisconsin. So we stood
on the same platform as to that. It was averred
in the platform of both parties that the slavery
question was ended, and nothing should be
said about it, pro or con, in Congress or out
of Congress. But in 1854, when the Demo-
cratic party which elected Pierce, violated its
pledges, renewed the slavery agitation, put in
the knife, repealing the Missouri compromise,
I from that moment denounced it as the dis-
solution of the Democratic party, and I gave
what little power I had to help to overthrow
it and trample it under my feet, because it was
false to the pledges upon which it was elected;
and in 1850, as a matter of course, we carried
Wisconsin forFr6mont, and against the exten-
sion of slavery into the Territories. My course,
therefore, has been entirely consistent on the
slavery question over since 1817, when in the
convention of the Democratic party of the
State of New York, I myself introduced the
corner-stone resolution upon which the Free-
soil party of New York was organized, before
the Buffalo convention. The Buffalo conven-
tion followed all that. Tt was the incident, to
it. It came in, and renominated Mr. Van
Buren, who had already been nominated in the
State of New York by the Free-soil Democ-
racy. as they were called—the Barnburners, in
the language of the day, by way of epithet.
Those are the facts.
Mr. HOWE. I was not arraigning my col-
league because he did not support General
Seott in 1852. There was nothing in his pre-
vious history that I know of that seemed to
make such action on his part called for. I
thought it peculiar that he did not support the
candidate of the same party whose candidates
he supported in 1848. It was not because he
did not support the Whig party, but that he
did not stand by the Free Democratic party
which in 1848'he had pledged himself to stand
by forever. I simply say that although there'
might have been some similarity—and I do
not concede that—between the attitude of the
Democratic party and the Whig party in 1852,
there was not that marked similitude between
the attitude of the free Democratic party in 1848
and the Democratic party in 1852. I am not
accusing him of any want of sincerity. I am
bouud to suppose that he was just as sincere
in his devotion to the Democratic party in 1852.
as in his devotion to the free Democratic party
in 1848; but there, I do insist, is the proof,
that he was not adhering to the same princi-
ples in 1852 that he was in 1848.
But, Mr. President, it is true, as my col-
league has said, that the Democratic party did
not keep the pledges they made in 1852 ; that
in spite of their promise made there to have
no more agitation upon the question of sla-
very, they did introduce it again two years later,
and they did repeal the Missouri compromise.
My colleague says now that from that moment
the Democratic party was dissolved. He will
not undertake to say that his connection with
the Democratic party was dissolved from that
moment. I never heard of his dissolving his
connection with the Democratic party until
185G, some two years after the Missouri com-
promise was repealed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that subject, if
my colleague will allow me to call it to his rec-
ollection, he will remember at once that I went
on the bench as judge of the first judicial cir-
cuit of Wisconsin in 1853, and from 1853 to
1856 was judge of the first judicial circuit, and
of course while upon the bench I did not take
part in political affairs. After I had resigned
from the bench then I felt at liberty to take
part in tliem.
Mr. HOWE. It is true my colleague was
upon the bench, but 1 believe he recollects
perfectly well that his political affiliations were
known all that time. I think 1 cannot be mis-
taken in my recollection that his first declara-
tion in behalf of the Republican party, which
was formed in 1854 if I remember aright, was
after Congress adjourned in August, 1856, and
then a letter from him was published which
was the first that was known to the people of
Wisconsin that he adhered to the platform and
policy of the Republican party.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is true, as my col-
league states, that the first public declaration
which I made was upon the adjournment of
Congress in 1856, where the point decided was
that Congress would enforce the border-ruffian
slave code in Kansas. The outrage was such
that I could not, for one, endure it, and I pub-
licly denouncedit, and from that moment threw
all the influence that I possessed against the
party which had sustained that course and
determined to enforce, as the laws of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, that border-ruffian code.
Mr. HOWE. I believe my colleague is en-
tirely correct. He did not leave the Dem-
ocratic party because of the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, nor because of their
enactment of the fugitive slave law. He ad-
hered to it in spite of both those acts. But in
1856, two years after the Missouri compromise
had been repealed, after Congress had ad-
journed, he then joined the Republican party ;
and then I believe he is entirely correct in say-
ing that he gave as his reason, not that he
objected to these measures, but that the prin-
ciple of squatter sovereignty, or popular sov-
ereignty, so called, had not been observed in
Kansas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My colleague will do
