226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 13,.
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Defrees.
39tii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
me the justice to understand certainly that
while upon the bench I did not write any public
letters or make any public speeches, but I did
in conversation privately express my most
declared opinions on that subject to all persons
who conversed with me upon it. As far as I
was at liberty to make declarations, being upon
the bench, I did so; but I did not make any
public declaration by letter or speech; that is
all. I denounced the repeal of the Missouri
compromise from the moment it was proposed.
Mr. HOWE. That was not all. The point
is, that when lie did make a public declaration
of his adhesion to the Republican party, it was
not placed upon the ground that they had
passed an obnoxious law in 1850 or another in
1854, but that the principle of popular sov-
ereignty, which was pledged to the people of
Kansas in 1854, had been violated, and they
had not had the benefit of it. That was the
ground upon which he, as I understand it, left
the Democratic party in 1850 and joined the
Republican party. But I am not disputing that
ho was just as sincere to his convictions in 1850
as he was in 1852 or in 1848, and I am not dis-
puting that he is just as sincere in his convic-
tions to-day, when he is leaving the Republican
household, when he has left the Republican
faith, as he was in 1850 when ho embraced it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to my col-
league that I have not left it and do not expect
to leave it. I do not mean either to be seduced
from it or driven from it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomep.oy
in the chair.) It becomes the duty of the Chair
to remind Senators that the question under dis-
cussion is the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON". I was about to ask what
the question before the Senate was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The consti-
tutional amendment has been under discussion
for some time, and it is hoped that Senators
will confine their remarks, as near as they are
able to do so, to the question under discussion.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; and I propose to
confine my remarks as nearly to that question
as 1 am able to do, but under these extraordi-
nary circumstances 1 was not able to confine
my remarks any nearer to that question than
I have so far. Finding myself arraigned hero
as for a crime, that I had once affiliated with
the Whig party, I thought it right to consider
very briefly the party relations of my colleague
heretofore. My colleague says now that he
has not left the Republican party. I am very
glad to hear that, if he really means to be un-
derstood by that that hereafter he will adhere
to that paity and to its principles and to its
candidates and to its organization. But I un-
derstood him to say the other day that he had
got on to a platform of his own and he did not
propose to leave that, although the Union party
did leave it, and ho did not propose to leave
that, although any other party got on to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mi-. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield to his colleague?
Mr. HOWE. I cannot refuse to yield for
explanations.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As this is a matter per-
sonal to myself, I hope my colleague will allow
me to say a word. I say I have not loft the
Republican party which is that party which
stands upon the platform on which we elected
the President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States in 1804. I stand on that platform
and by its principles, and do not intend to
leave them. I do not intend to be driven off
from them, nor to follow anybody else off who
may choose to go off from them on to a new
platform: nor will I abandon the platform who-
ever else may come on to it. I mean to be
governed in the principle which I avowed the
other day, and which I expect to control my
action, I will not interrupt my colleague in
his speech further.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, it is very evi-
dent I did not misunderstand my colleague's
position. He repeats almost the same words
I put into his mouth as having been used the
other day. The fact is that he has divided
from the Union party. Whether the Union
party has left the true platform, or he has, is
the point in dispute between him and the party.
I shall not stop here to discuss that question at
length, nor to ask the Senate to settle it. They
are apart, and another party is now standing on
the platform that he occupies. He'callsitliis. He
means nothing more than thathe andthe Demo-
cratic party occupy the same platform. "Whether
it is his or theirs in point of fact, I take it, will
be settled when they get into convention to-
gether. The question of title will be settled
then. If it shall be found to be his property
I shall not dispute it with him. If they acqui-
esce in that title, it will be entirely satisfactory
to me. I apprehend, however, that there will
be some dispute about the right to it.
I have said that I did not mean to raise any
question here upon the sincerity of my col-
league's convictions; but I cannot help noting
the fact that in 1848 when he was acting with
the Free Democratic party, the Free Demo-
cratic party of New York was much the strong-
est portion of the Democratic party; it was,
numerically, much stronger than the Demo-
cratic party of that State ; and in 1852 when
he left the Free Democratic party and acted
with the Democratic party of Wisconsin, the
Democratic party was the majority in that
State, and the Free Democratic party only
numbered about eight thousand of the popu-
lar vote. I have shown that my colleague did
not leave the Democratic party and join the
Republican party in 1854, but only in 1850, and
then Wisconsin was no longer a Democratic
State. Wisconsin elected a Republican Gov-
ernor in 1855, and in about sixty days after
my colleague published that letter, Wisconsin
gave a majority of somewhere from fifteen to
twenty thousand for the Republican candidates
for President and Vice President. The Re-
publican party was unmistakably in the major-
ity ; and in about four months from the time
my colleague joined the Republican party, so
grateful were they for his services, which were
very distinguished and very able, that they
made him their representative in this Cham-
ber. , Since that time ho has served the party
and served the cause and served the country,
and served it with distinguished ability.- It is
because of those recollections that that State
especially and that I myself regret to see the
attitude that he maintains to-day toward that
party which welcomed him so cordially and
has trusted him so long; for if he has not left
it, he knows very well that he is proscribing
it, turning from office, or helping to turn from
office, as true and faithful men as were ever in
that or any other party, and men who have
done as much hard work in his support as any
men have ever done. I do not know whether
that party is in the majority in the State of
Wisconsin or not; but the President certainly
does not acquiesce in that view of public affairs
which is most grateful and most acceptable to
the Union party of Wisconsin. The President
lias this patronage in his power. It is said
that ho resigns it to those who maintain his
policy. It is certain that my colleague has
great influence in the disposition of it, at least
in that State. Raising no sort of question upon
the sincerity of his convictions, I must be
allowed to say that he has been a most fortu-
nate politician, always to happen to have just
those convictions which bore the highest price
in the market.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President-—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin yield to his colleague?
Mr. HOWE. No, not now. I take it there
is no explanation to be made on that point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The last remark of my
colleague seems to roe to call for an answer.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be through in a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin declines to yield the floor.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, one other re-
mark has been made in the course of this
debate to which I wish to illude. It was made
by the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hexouioks]
a day or two ago. He accuses the Union party
of laboring here for party purposes and party
ends. I think that remark most unjust. If we
were actuated by the selfish purpose of build-
ing up the Union party and strengthening it,
does he suppose, does any man of sense sup-
pose, that we would take under our care that,
poor and helpless and hopeless race known as
Union refugees and the colored freedmeu in
those States? If we were making combina-
tions for party interests, and not for the good
of the country, does the Senator from Indiana
suppose we do not know enough to affiliate
with the powerful and educated and influential
class in those States rather than with this weak
and helpless one? Do not we understand the
value of such combinations just as well as he
does, and would not they be as willing to com-
bine with us as with them? What is there to
secure that affiliation between them? Is it in-
evitable? What have they done? Is it not as
desirable to those men who are seeking their
way back into the Union to affiliate with those
who have power as with those who have none?
This Union party—I do not meal we who rep-
resent it here, but the Union party of the
country—have whipped the retwj.fiori; and the
opposition to that Union party has done noth-
ing—but "the heavy standing round.'' They
have not helped to uphold the rebellion any
further than words would go, and they cer-
tainly have not helped to subdue the rebellion,
even so far as that. Looking at it as a prac-
tical man, I think those gentlemen who are
seeking to come back here would rather affili-
ate with those who represent the Union party,
which can do something, than those who rep-
resent the Democratic party, and can do noth-
ing as they have done nothing. And'certainly
if we were looking to our own party interests
rather than to the interests of the country, it
seems to me that that is the crowd we should
most naturally affiliate with. I think it is un-
just in the Senator from Indiana to taunt us,
us of all the people in the world, with seeking
party ends and party interests in the efforts
that we have been making on this floor. For
myself, I disclaim every such purpose as that.
For myself, I avow here, as I have avowed
everywhere, that everything I have asked to
have done in the naineof the nation, South or
North, in reference to closing up this war, I
have asked to have done not only because I
believed the best interests of the poor and
the helpless demanded it, but because I be-
lieved the best interests of the rich and the
powerful demanded it there and here. There
is but one measure which meets every want in
the nation, and that is justice; justice from
the Government to the people ; justice between
man and man. I believe we are trying to ad-
minister justice between man and man, and
justice between the Government and the
people.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. J. II. DEFREES,
OP INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
June IS, 1S00
On tlic joint rcoluKon oi thoJlouso(No. 127} propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. DEFREES. Mr. Speaker, it is a souice
of congratulation to the country that Congress
has finally succeeded so well in recommending
a plan for the restoration of the Government in
all of the States of the Union that is so fair.
