1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
of Auburn, in the State of Maine, for a national in-
surance law. , . . „ . .
By Mr. TIIAYKTI: The petition of mining companies
and citizens of the United States, asking for improve-
ment of Lae La Belle harbor, in the State of Michigan.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of citizens of
Allcshany county. Pennsylvania, praying for an in-
crease of duties on imported wools.
IN SENATE.
Momday, April % 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of Thursday last was road and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, asking for an ex-
tension of the time for the completion of cer-
tain railroads in that State ; which, on motion
of Mr. Grimes, was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
manufacturers of linseed oil of the city of
New York, praying for an increase of the duty
on importations of foreign linseed oil; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, paying for such an adjustment of the
tariff of duties on imports as will afford ample
protection to American industry; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
IIo also presented a petition of officers of
the Society for Savings, in the city of Cleve-
land, Ohio, praying that deposits in savings
banks be exempted from taxation ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES presented the memorial of
Henry O'Reilly, of the city of New York, pray-
ing permission for constructing the requisite
conductors for supplying the governmental De-
partments and the people of Washington and
Georgetown with petroleum gas light; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. I present seven petitions
from citizens of Louisiana, in which they ask
Congress to secure the reestablishmenf of State
governments both in Louisiana and elsewhere
on the principle of equality of political priv-
ileges for all loyal men of all races and condi-
tions ; and in order to bring that about, they
ask Congress to enact a law establishing in
Louisiana a preliminary system of government
founded on the theory of equal political priv-
ileges before the law for all men without dis-
tinction of race, f move the reference of these
petitions to the joint committee of fifteen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER also presented a petition of
citizens of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania,
praying for an amendment to the Constitution
that, shall prevent every State from making any
discrimination in civil rights or privileges on
account of color or race; which was referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
West Fitchburg, Massachusetts, praying for an
amendment to the tariff act so as to give addi-
tional protection to American labor; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
lie abo presented a petition of citizens of
New Yin k. writ ers and authors, praying for the
adoption of an international copyright law;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Bctaton, Massachusetts, praying for a grant of
public lands by Congress in order to aid in the
construction of a ship-canal connecting Lake
Superior with Lac La Belle ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee oil Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a petition of citi-
zens of the State of Minnesota, who call atten-
tion to the fact that the capiiali-t.s of the older
States, by reason of the pcifeit organization
and concentration of their capital, were able to
take speedy advantage of the privileges afforded
by the national banking law passed by Congress
in 1861; that so large a portion of the national
currency was thus absorbed as to leave for the
new and rapidly growing States of the West
much less than their proportion^ that the
amount allowed to the State of Minnesota is
more than one million dollars short of her just
proportion; and the petitioners therefore pray
that the law may be so amended that the bank-
in <* capital for that State may be increased
$f, 500,000. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the adoption of an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States providing for tho election of President
and Vice President by direct vote of the peo-
ple ; and also authorizing Congress to prescribe
by law the qualifications of voters for President,
Vice President, and Representatives in Con-
gress ; which was referred to the joint commit-
tee on reconstruction.
Mr. WADE. I present the memorial of three
hundred soldiers, setting forth, among other
things, that persons honorably discharged from
the military and naval service by reason of dis-
ability resulting from wounds or sickness in-
curred in the line of duty, should be preferred
for appointments in civil offices, provided they
shall be found to possess the business capacity
necessary for the proper discharge of the duties
of tho offices ; and they refer to a resolution of
Congress passed on that subject, and they go
ou to say that it has been entirely disregarded
by the authorities, and they call the attention
of Congress to it in order that it maybe more
emphatically reenacted. I move the reference
of the memorial to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Mrs.
Mary O'Connor, praying for the restitution of
property in the town of Beaufort, South Caro-
lina, sold by tax commissioners, or for indem-
nity for the same; which was referred to the
Committee on M Hil ary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of tho
Legislature of New York, in favor of an in-
crease of pay of officers of the United States
Navy; which wore referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of soldiers and
citizens of Little Falls, New York, praying for
an equalization of bounties; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a petition
of citizens of Kansas, praying for a grant of
land for a railroad from Elwood, Doniphan
county, westward through northern Kansas ;
which was referred to tho Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented three petitions of
citizens of Oregon, praying for an act of Con-
gress to authorize the purchase of an Indian
reservation in that State called the Umatilla
reservation, and for the removal of the Indians
therefrom ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. NYE presented resolutions of tho Legis-
lature of Nevada in favor of the establishment
of a weekly mail route from Esmeralda to Aus-
tin, in that State; also in favor of the estab-
lishment of a daily mail route from the city of
Austin to Silver Peak, in that State; and also
in favor of tho establishment of a weekly mail
route from lone to Crystal Springs; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the speedy estab-
lishment of a United States branch mint at
Carson City, in that State; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented two petitions
of citizens of Maine, praying for an increase
of the compensation of postmasters of class
No. 5, and that they be furnished with a suffi-
cient quantity of stationery for the business of
their offices; which were referred to tho Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of John H. Farquhar, praying that a pen-
sion maybe granted to Martha Stevens, widow
of the late John F. Stevens, of Grcensburg,
Indiana, who was murdered while in tho dis- .
charge of his duty as a provost marshal, exe-
cuting the enrollment act, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 2371 granting a
pension to Mrs. Martha Stevens. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Cam-
bridge, Guernsey county, Ohio, praying that a
pension may be granted to Mrs. Amarilla
Cook, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 238) granting a pension to Mrs.
Amarilla Cook. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was or-
dered to be printed.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. Ii. No. 261) granting a
pension to Mrs. Altazera L. Willcox, of Che-
nango county, in the State of New York, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 265) granting a
pension to John Hoffman, of Madison county,
in the State of New York, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 104) to pi-omote military educa-
tion, have directed me to report it back, and
as the Senate has acted on the subject, I move
the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (II. R. No. 420) to
provide arms and ammunition for the defense
oftheinhabitantsof DakotaTerritory, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (II. R. No. 101)
for the relief of certain officers of the Army,
reported it without amendment. _
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. Ii. No. 51)
respecting bounties to colored soldiers, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 207) to pro-
vide for the equalization of bounties to soldiers
in tho late war of rebellion, have directed me
to report a new draft for tho bill. I move
that it be printed, and recommitted to the
committee.
The mo Lion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom the subject was referred, to report a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 55) to provide for
the representation of the United States at the
International Health Congress, at Constanti-
nople. I believe it is important to act upon
this resolution speedily, and as it is a small
matter, I ask to have it considered now.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
on the day it is reported. Is there any objec-
tion?
Mr. WILSON. If anybody desires to ex-
amine it carefully, let the report be printed,
and I will call up the resolution in the morning.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Tho motion
to proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion is withdrawn. The ord^r to print will be
entered if there be no objection.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Sarah Rodman, widow of Robert C. Rod-
man, late a sailmaker in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States, praying for arrears of pension,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw her petition and other papers from
the files of the Senate; which was agreed tor
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
