1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22?
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Defrecs.
Ho. of Rkps.
honorable, and lenient toward those who were
the instruments of bringing such terrible dev-
astation upon the country.
The committee who have had charge of this
subject are entitled to a great deal of credit,
and will no doubt receive the thanks of all
truly loyal men of every section of the country
for the very able manner in which they have
discharged the responsible duties required of
them by this House. It is not my intention to
enter into any lengthy argument to show the
righteousness of adopting the propositions that
are now before us, for they are self-evident,
but to cursorily glance at the sections as pre-
sented.
Section one indisputably fixes the character
of those who are entitled to be regarded as cit-
izens of the United States or citizens of the
several States, and secures to all life, liberty,
and property, and places all persons upon an
equality, regardless of their condition or color,
so far as equal protection of the law is con-
cerned. Certainly none can take exceptions to
the provisions of this section.
The second section fixes the basis of repre-
sentation in Congress upon the population of
each State, yet provides that if any portion of
the male inhabitants of any State, over twenty-
one years of age, shall be debarred the privi-
lege of exercising the elective franchise for any
cause, except for participating in rebellion or
for crime, the persons so excluded shall be
deducted from the whole amount of male citi-
zens over twenty-one years of age in such State.
This provision will operate alike in all of the
States. Should there be a class of citizens in
any State that the majority of the people think
are not capable of exercising the franchise in-
telligibly, it would certainly be wrong to count
such persons in the basis of representation, to
swell its number, without a constituency to be
responsible to. Then, again, this section holds
out an inducement to the States that may have
within its borders a population which it is con-
ceived is unfit for voters to make every effort
and use all means proper for the preparing and
qualifying such citizens for the use of the elect-
ive franchise, in order that they may be fully
represented upon all of their population. I am
aware that it is said that the object of this sec-
tion is to force the late rebel States to make
voters of the negro population, a measure that
is abhorred by them. It will operate upon them
in no way differently than upon all the rest of
the States. All have a portion of that class of
people, and there is no telling how long any
one of the States may have more than its due
proportion of such citizens. I believe the Pres-
ident said in his veto of the Freedmen's Bureau
bill, that the—
"Negro possesses a perfect right to eh an so his place
of abode, and if, therefore, he does not find in one
community or Statoa. mode of life suited to his desires,
or proper remuneration for his labor, ho can move to
another, where that labor is more esteemed and better
rewarded."
The third section contains the essence of the
■whole proposition, and is most eminently just
and proper.
It is an axiom that is as applicable to nations
as to individuals, that self-protection is the first
law of nature. If an individual is assailed and
a determined effort is made to take his life, the
person so attacked is justifiable in using all the
means at his command and the power God has
given him for self-protection, even to the slay-
ing of his adversary. And whether the assault-
ing party accomplishes his foul purpose or not,
he is dealt with by the law as a murderer and
an assassin, and is placed where he can no
longer prey upon society. Just so I hold it to
be the duty and the right of a Government. If
there are citizens of this Republic who have
made every effort and have struggled with all
their energies in every conceivable way to take
its life, they, too, should be put out of the way
of ever giving any further trouble, at least
politically, whether they accomplished their
designs or not. And who doubts, at this late
day, thatwe have such persons within the Uni-
ted States? Men who have held high places
of honor and trust in the Government; men
who have been raised and nurtured under the
benign influences of its institutions, educated
and prepared for usefulness at its national col-
leges, and that, too, with the special purpose
of qualifying them to protect its life.
Now, sir, we have just terminated a terrible
rebellion, one that probably has no equal upon
the pages of history, and the people of the re-
volted States are asking again to betaken under
the care and protection of the Government
from which they attempted to secede. And
while I think it right that they should again
have the blessings of the laws of the Govern-
ment extended to them, and they once more
form a part of this glorious Union at as early
a day as practicable, still I think every precau-
tion should be taken to prevent a recurrence
of those scenes through which we have just
passed.
Go back to the earliest history of human
government of which we have any knowledge,
and we learn it was always the policy to dis-
pose of those who occasioned a revolt so that
they could not again disturb the public peace.
When the Israelites, in the absence of Moses
upon the mount, got up a revolution in the camp
below, the leaders engaged in it were effectually
and summarily disposed of by rightful author-
ity. And we may coinc down to a later period in
the history of the world, when a higher state of
civilization existed—for instance, to the days
of Emmett; or a still later period, when the
attempt was made by the Hungarians to throw
off the oppression of the Austrian Government
—and we find it to be universally the case that
the existing Government punished treason in
some way, either by the execution or banish-
ment from the country or the deprivation of
the political rights of the traitor.
Sir, the incipient steps of treason in this
country originated in the Halls of Congress as
early as 1829-30.
That fiery and restless spirit, John C. Cal-
houn conceived the idea of rightful hostility
to the laws of the General Government by a
State, and on its tariff policy the spirit of seces-
sion began to lift its hydra head and take an
open stand, and culminated in South Carolina
in the spring of 1832 by assembling a conven-
tion to carry out its purposes. But the energy
and patriotism of the then President, Andrew
Jackson, soon scotched the serpent, and for
awhile caused it to lie dormant. But the seed
was sown, the poison was infused into the veins
of the body-politic, and an occasion was only
wanted for it to burst forth again. So well
satisfied was President Jackson of that fact
that he prophesied the time would come in the
history of the country when slavery would be
the pretext of its again attempting to assert its
power.
But treason was more successful in its last
effort than in its former one. It insidiously
allied itself with a great party of the country,
and so wouncLits coils around it that in a great
measure it controlled every action of its move-
ment. I do not say that the mass of the Dem-
ocratic party intended to lend its influence for
the overthrow of the Government, but I do
say that a large portion of its leading men be-
came infected with the leprosy of secession,
and if not openly, did in a great many instances
covertly "giveaid and comforttothe enemy.''
So vast were the proportions of treason that it
required all the energy and power of this mighty
Republic to stay its hand.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us take a short retro-
spective view of the past, and see what was
the character and position of those who brought
the late rebellion upon the country, and who
were the men that led the hostile armies of the
enemy against the hosts of loyal men sent out
for the protection of the Government. Who
were the men that led the armies of treason ?
Who led the columns of the insurgents at Bull
Run, at Shiloh, at Vicksburg, at Richmond,
and, I might say, in all those sanguinary strug-
gles with the armies of the Rcpufilic ?
They were men, sir, educated at the expense
of the General Government; many of them at
the time they entered the armies of treason
wore insignia upon their shoulders evidencing
that they hold position in the Army and Navy
of the United States, men who had sworn, by
laying their hand upon the divine Word, to
uphold and defend that glorious flag that sur-
rounds your chair from all foes, both domestic
and foreign.
And, sir, who were the men in the outset of
the rebellion that furnished the " sinews of
war" and the arms to place in the hands of
traitors? The very individuals that the Gov-
ernment had intrusted with the keeping of her
treasures and the control of her arsenals; and
even the soldiers of the regular Army that were
in the disloyal States, in most instances, were
stripped of their arms by their commanders,
and insulted by being surrendered to the ene-
mies of their Government, and mortified in
consequence of having to give their parole of
honor not to engage in the defense of their
country.
Now, sir, the rebellion is over; the insur-
gents have been compelled by the forces of
the Government to lay down their arms, not
willingly, but grudgingly. A kind of quasi
loyalty is manifested in some of the States
lately in rebellion, and an effort is being made
to incorporate them into the Union with the
loyal States. A large majority of the men who
inaugurated the rebellion survive its overthrow ;
and the question under consideration is, whether
it would be politic and right to again permit
any of the persons above described to hold
seats in the councils of the nation or any place
of profit or trust under its authority. I must
confess, in my view of the matter, to say the
least of it, it would be a very great impropri-
ety, if not an outrage. I cannot believe the
American people will over consent that the
reins of Government shall be placed in the
hands of those whose fingers are dripping with
the blood of loyal citizens and who disgraced
themselves by forsaking their country in the
hour of trial, who had sworn to maintain it.
We see in some of the southern States a
spirit manifested to elect such and none others
to seats in these Halls, in spite of the friendly
admonitions of the President to do otherwise.
Once admitted here, with no loyal element in
their nature from choice, and their hearts rank-
ling with venom and bitterness, engendered by
hatred toward the North for years, and having
failed in their wicked attempt at overthrowing'
the Government, it is not to be supposed that
they would be proper persons to assist in again
laying the foundations of the Union upon a
solid basis or maintaining it in all its integrity.
I, sir, believe in the sentiment expressed by the
present Chief Magistrate a year or 1wo since,
while addressing a Tennessee audience, "that
traitors should take a back scat in the work of
restoration." And I go further than (hat. and
say that traitors of the class mentioned in this
proposition must never be permitted to hold
anyplace of trust or power. We are bound
by every obligation of justice and honor to
legislate to preclude any possibility, if such
can be done, of them ever ruling loyalists,
white or black.
Suppose, sir, that the Stale of New ^ ork,
some lifleen or twenty years ago, had sent from
one of her districts Aaron Burr as a Repre-
sentative to this Hall; a man who was strongly
suspected of havingtraitorousinten t ions against
his country, but upon whom, I believe, it was
never proven. Do you not think that the
indignation of the whole country would have
been aroused, and every man who then held
a seat in this House would have felt in duty
bound to cast from the nation the stigma thus
attempted to be thrown upon it by refusing to
admit him to a seat here? There can bo no
