1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3627
tained a separate and distinct government de
jacto; that while they maintained that posi-
tion—defending" it with large armies and well-
balanced victories ; issuing commissions, both
by land and water, which were respected even
by ourselves as sufficing to protecfthose act-
ing under them from the penal consequences
of their acts; holding one half this continent in
their separate and exclusive possession; march-
ing armies of more than one hundred thousand
men into the territories of their enemy; carry-
ing on all the machinery of a well-organized
government, and conducting municipal govern-
ments in eleven well-organized States, united
under one general confederation, more pow-
erful than was ever our revolutionary govern-
ment, and possessing three times as many citi-
zens ; and while for five years said confederate
government renonneed all connection with the
United States, and claimed to be an independ-
ent and foreign Power—I hold that during all
this time, after they had risen from the condi-
tion of insurgents, the law of nations declared
them to be a belligerent engaged in a public
war; and that all the rales of war, regulating
their rights and liabilities, applied to them; and
that we stood upon the same footing as two
foreign nations engaged in open war, the only
difference being that if the parent Government
conquered she could elect to punish for viola-
ted sovereignty as well as for an unjust war. It
cannot be denied that the civilized world treated
the confederate States as a belligerent, and it
is worse than falsehood to deny that we so ac-
knowledged them.
It is a well-recognized principle that a pub-
lic war between acknowledged belligerents sev-
ers all the ties, obligations, treaties, and com-
pacts that existed between them; and that such
obligations are not revived or renewed by peace
without express stipulations to that effect. How,
then, can any man of common judgment deny
that these two belligerents were separate Pow-
ers, and thatthe conquerorhadarightto dictate
terms to the vanquished ; that without the con-
queror's eonsentand his terms there could be no
reunion. I have said more than once that if my
wishes could prevail, instead of justifying seces-
sion I would punish the conquered belligerents
by the forfeiture of sufficient of their property to
pay the expenses and damages of the war. Be-
causel have declared thatthe confederate States
had by their actsand declarations placed them-
selves outside the Union (at our election) gentle-
men have asserted that it admitted the right of
secession. He is a very stupid man who cannot
discern between the existence of a crime and
its justification. I have never been able by any
process of reasoning to form any other theory
of the status of the States. I have been some-
times charged with holding that the States were
dead, their carcasses lying about in the Union.
I never held such absurdity—others have: and
I have said that it made no difference, as the
power to reconstruct in either case lay in Con-
gress alone. The doctrine of " suspended ani-
mation" seems to me equally ridiculous.
There never was an hour when the eleven
States were not in full and active life—no sui-
cide ; no suspended animation. They had a
perfect organization fitted with every officer
necessary to execute all the legislative and
municipal functions of a civil government. But
while they were thus active in their organiza-
tion, it was an organization outside the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and in no sense
of the word forming a part of the same. To say
that during all this time they were States in
the Union", entitled to all its privileges when-
ever they chose, is a consummation of folly
which could have been conceived but by a
single government upon the face of the earth—
a government made up of patches, thrown by
a convulsion into the executive ^hair. Here
are two mighty nations, raising billions of
money, and commanding millions of armed
warriors, charging in deadly_ strife; now vic-
torious and now defeated ; seizing each other's
dominions and laying them waste, and we are
told that all that time they were one people ;
one Government; one united fraternity 1 And
an official, whose station is more exalted than
that of kings, lately seizes a most awkward and
inopportune occasion to send down to Congress
a slunk stump speech in a most imperfect state
of gestation, and informs us that there are
" eleven States excluded from representation,
although they have been entirely restored to
all their functions as States in conformity with
the organic law. of theJand." Restored by
whom ? By one Andrew Johnson, who fancies
himself the depositary of all the legislative and
executive power of the Government.
After so" thorough a discussion of the law and
the reason of the question, which has but one
side; after Congress by a two-thirds vote had
three times declared that his interference to re-
construct those States was mere impertinence;
after the conclusive argument of the senato-
rial chairman of the committee on reconstruc-
tion to the same effect, who would have expected
any sober man to be reiterating such folly?
But i have gone beyond my purpose. I rose
simply to deny any belief in the right of seces-
sion, and incidentally to deny the idea, noless
absurd but much less injurious, that during
the existence of 1jje confederate government
the eleven States were in any sense in the Union
or have since got in, and also to express my
inability to comprehend the id#a of a State
partly in the Union and partly out of it—a
kind of Egyptian mummy with " suspended
animation," close wrapped in cerements, stiff
and motionless, but ready to leap into action
when some kind deity shall open the sarco-
phagus.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the regular order
of business.
PEXSIOXS FOR THE "WAR OF 1812.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports of a private
nature from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and the pending bill is the bill (H. R.
No. 665) reported on Friday last by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coffroth] to
grant pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
The bill wasread. It provides that each of the
surviving officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, who shall have served
in the regular Army, State troops, volunteers,
or militia, for a term of three or more months,
or shall have been engaged in active battle with
the enemy, in the war declared by the United
States against Great Britain on the 18th day
of June, 1812, be authorized to receive, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the amount now paid, according to
the same rank, but not exceeding in any case
the pay of a captain of infantry, such pay to
commence from the passage of this bill and
continue during his natural life.
• The second section provides that each of the
officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, who shall have served in the regu-
lar Army, State troops, volunteers, or militia,
for the space of three or more months against
any of the Indian tribes during the time of the
war of 1812 with Great Britain, or who were en-
gaged in any battle fought by the United States
against any Indian tribe during the aforesaid
war with Great Britain, shall be entitled to all
the benefits of the first section of this act.
The third section provides that if any of the
officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians,
or privates, have died, leaving a widow, such
widow shall be entitled to receive the same
pension to which her husband would have been
entitled under this act for and during her nat-
ural life.
The fourth section provides that the pay
allowed by this act shall, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, be paid to the
officer, non-commissioned officer, musician,
private, or his widow, or their authorized at-
torney, at such places and times as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may dircct; and that no
officer, non-commissioned officer, private, or
his widow, shall receive the same until he fur-
nish the said. Secretary of the Interior with
satisfactory evidence that he is entitled to the
same in accordance with the provisions of this
act; and that the pay hereby allowed shall not
be in any way transferable, or liable to attach-
ment, levy, or seizure, by any legal process
whatever, but shall go unencumbered to the
possession of the officer, non-commissioned
officer, musician", private, or his widow.
. The fifth section provides that the officers,
non-commissioned officers, and marines, who
served for the said term of three months in the
naval service, or were engagad in actual battle
with the enemy during the war with Great Brit-
ain aforesaid, and their widows, shall be entitled
to the benefits of this act in the same manner
as is provided for the officers and soldiers of
the Army of the war of 1812.
Mr. COFFROTH. After the very decided
vote given on last Friday in favor of granting
pensions to the soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, I will not make any extended remarks
in favor of llie bill, and I will call the previous
question at this "time, explaining that if any
gentlemen upon the other side of the House
desire to discuss it, I will yield them apart of
my time after the previous question shall be
seconded.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a few minutes
before the previous question is seconded.
Mr. COFFROTH. I prefer to have the
previous question seconded first.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Coffroth] yield to me for
a suggestion ?
Mr. COFFROTH. I will hear the sugges-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I perceive, upon looking
over this bill'that there is no exclusion of dis-
loyal persons who served in the war of 1812,
of which there are perhaps large numbers in
the southern States. Yet under the provisions
of this bill they wouldreceive a pension equally
with the loyalists. I ask him to consider that
matter, and exclude that portion of them from
the benefits of this act.
Mr. COFFROTH. If the gentleman will
indicate the amendment he desires, I will yield
to allow him to offer it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have not prepared the
amendment, but I will do so in a moment.
Mr. COFFROTH. While the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Bexjamtn] is preparing
his amendment, I will yield to hear what the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pekham] has to
say.
'Mr. PERHAM. I discussed at some length
a few days since the proposition to pension the
soldiers of the war of 1812. That discussion
was with reference to the bill presented by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller,]
which provided only for pensioning those who
are in necessitous circumstances. I do not
know that I need to repeat the proposition
which I presented on that occasion. I am quite
certain that under that bill the expense would
not be less than what I staled at that time;
and under this bill it would be about one third
more. The calculation which I then made was
based on only the number who served for three
months or more, which I believe was the basis
upon which that bill was founded. If the House
is desirous to pass a bill for the soldiers of 1812,
the Committee on Invalid Pensions are not
disposed to interpose special objection or long
debate. I am instructed by the committee,
however, to ask the House to substitute for this
bill one similar to that offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller.] His
bill was recommitted to us with instructions to
report favorably upon it. The committee have
prepared some amendments to it* and have
directed me to move it, so amended, as a sub-
stitute for this bill.
Mr. COFFROTH. I do not yield for any-
thing of that kind.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. CoffkothJ yield to me for a few
moments ?
Mr. COFFROTH. For a few moments, yes.
Mr. HALE. I do not propose to discuss at
length the bill which is here introduced, and
which is laid upon our desks this morning for
