2668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
very recently before the war, marriages were
authorized under certain circumstances between
colored persons. I think that throughout all
the rest of the southern States a ceremony of
marriage between colored persons was new
legalized, although in most cases a certMnony
of some kind was performed. Generally a
colored man read the service of some of the
churches, and the parties stood up and assented
to it as formally, perhaps, as they would have
done if the person had been a legal officer.
My own impression is that this proviso should
remain as I have modified it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to propoift
any amendment; I wanted merely to call the
attention of the committee and of the Senate
to the points that occurred to me, and another
one F will suggest. The amendment proposed
by the Committee on Pensions provides that
the widow or heirs of a colored soldier who
had cohabited with his wife two years preced-
ing the enlistment shall be entitled to a pension.
"We all know that these colored people were
not enlisted until the lapse of two year's after
the commencement of the rebellion, and in
many instances not till after the lapse of three
years. During those three years they had left
their former masters, and had left their wives
with them in many instances, had come North
or had come to the District of Columbia, run-
ning away and leaving behind them their fami-
lies, not cohabiting with their wives. Under
the law as it is proposed to be enacted, would
not the wives of those persons be excluded
from deriving a pension, and is it the design
of the committee to thus exclude them?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I did not, when I
replied to the gentleman, befoi-e, advert to the
fact that striking this proviso from my amend-
ment would in fact strike it out from the old
law. I began by remarking that if this was
stricken out the other should be stricken out.
I have no objection to striking out the proviso
entirely.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not proposing any
amendment; I am not familiar enough with
the snbjcct to undertake to do that. I am only
calling the attention of the Senator and his
associates to these points, so that they may be
guarded against.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will make no objec-
tion to striking out that proviso. I will accept
it as an amendment to my amendment, if I am
at liberty to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can modify his amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I strike out the
proviso.
Mr. JOHNSON. How docs it read as
modified?
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the four-
teenth scetion of an act entitled "An aet supplement-
ary to an act entitled 'An act to grant pensions,'
approved July 14, 1862," approved July 4, 1864, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed, and that tho widows
and children of colored soldiers and sailorswho have
been or may be hereafter killed, or who have died or
may hereafter die of wounds received in battle, or of
disease contracted in the military or naval service
of the United States, and in the line of duty, shall be
entitled to receive the pensions provided by law,
"without other evidence of marriage than proof, satis-
factory to the Commissioner of Pensions, that the
parties had habitually recognized each other as man
and wife, and lived together as such for a definite
period, not less than two years next preceding the
enlistment of the man ; and the children born of any
marriage so proved shall be deemed and taken to be
the children of the soldier or sailor party thereto.
_ Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee. That
will really not accomplish his object at all. It
is "two years next preceding the enlistment."
I am sure that a large proportion of the men
of the colored regiments that I organized had
been separated from their wives for two years
before the enlistment. _ They had fled from
Missouri and Arkansas into Kansas, and there
enlisted, leaving- their wives in Missouri and
Atkansas. Now, I suggest that in the phrase
"two years next preceding the enlistment of
tho man'' the words ''next preceding the en-
listment,'' be stricken out, so (hat proof of-two
years' cohabitation, without reference to the
time of tho enlistment, will draw the pension.
I speak of it in reference to the regiments I
organized, and it holds good of the regiments
organized in the District of Columbia and in
the free States, everywhere; the soldiers, the
men, fled from their families and enlisted, leav-
ing their families in servitude. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the words '' next
preceding the enlistment of the man;" so as
to read:
That the parties had habitually recognized each
other as man and wife, and lived together as such for
a definite period, not less than two years.
Mr. JOHNSON. In many of these cases in
point, they not being conscious of any impro-
priety or immorality in it, they had a good
many wives, and if the proof of marriage is
made to depend upon the fact of cohabitation,
if they should die there might be half a dozen
wives claiming pensions. It is more especially
true of those who were driven away from their
homes, some of them one, two, or three years
before the rebellion. I venture to say that in
all such eases (if they contracted marriage in
that form) they contracted matrimony where
they went, and if the last marriage contracted
in that way is to exclude the former great in-
justice might be done to the former-wife. In
some of the States they were permitted to
marry, and I dare say in very many instances
the wives that they left were wives that became
such by a legal contract of marriage; that
is, a contract made in pursuance of law. The
Supreme Court have decided that it is not
necessary that there should be any ecclesias-
tical ceremony about it; that all that is needed
is an agreement to marry followed by cohab-
itation. That is marriage. But that would
not be the case where the laws prohibited their
marriage, as was the case in some of the
States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Could we not reach
the object by fixing some date, say the 4th of
July, 1861, and require proof of cohabitation
for two years previous to that? I am indebted
to the Senator from Iowa for this suggestion.
I think tho pension should go to the wife who
was such at the time the rebellion commenced.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I submit that the widows
of those who have taken wives since the rebel-
lion commenced have just as good claims as
the widows of those who had wives before.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This matter was
lip at the last session of Congress, and was
finally arranged by a committee of conference.
I believe there were three committees of con-
ference before an agreement was arrived at,
and the words nowinthestatute were proposed
by Senator Foot, of Vermont, after the most
careful consideration, as furnishing the best
rule which wo could possibly agree upon, and
that was two years' cohabitation preceding the
enlistment. I believe that rule embraces more
meritorious eases than any other, and I think
it is the safest rule. If we say that proof shall
be required of two years' cohabitation before
the rebellion commenced it will not provide
for many cases where colored soldiers, who
had no wives before the rebellion, married after
the commencement of the rebellion. I think
the words used by Senator Foot were best,
and they are the words of this amendment.
Mr. J OHNSON. What is to become of the
wives of those who married after enlistment?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. They are not pro-
vided for here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ought they not to be?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. They are provided
•for, I suppose, under the general provision
relative to those residing in States where mar-
riages were legalized. If th§ man is living he
gets the pension himself; but if he is dead,
his minor children and widow get the pension,
upon proof of marriage, where they lived in a
State in which marriage among colored people
was legalized.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am confident the
chairman of the committee would not express
that- opinion with the knowledge that I have ;
for I assure him that two thirds of the mem-
bers of the .regiments I organized had been
separated from their wives for more than two
years—had, in fact, been driven away from
their homes.
M. LANE, of Indiana. _ That does not affect
the question of cohabitation, unless they have
adopted another wife since. Temporary ab-
sence, for any time, however long, would not
affect the question of cohabitation, it seems to
me, but the wife would still be the wife. Even
if the husband were away for five years, proof
of cohabitation having been made, that rela-
tion would be presumed to continue, unless
there was a divorce.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Aslunderstand this amend-
ment it does not say which wife is to have the
pension. Now, as a matter of fact, we who live
in communities where there are many negroes •
know that very often they have two or three
wives, and we also know that a great many of
them having wives have left home and taken
other wives afterwards. There is nothing in
this amendment to designate, in such cases,
which wife shall have the pension.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that it will
be well to put in some definite time, say the
4th of July, 1881, at the place where the Sen-
ator from Kansas proposes to strike out these
words. The chairman of the Committee on
Pensions says that in that case a great deal of
trouble might be occasioned, because a good
many soldiers have married wives since then.
That may be true ; but in all such eases there
can be record evidence of the marriage pro-
duced. We are only intending, now, to cover
the cases of parties who were not authorized
to be married and could not be married under
the laws of the States where they lived prior to
the rebellion. If we provide here that proof
of cohabitation for t.wo years prior to the 4th
of July, 1861, shall be required, then it seems
to me we obviate the objection made by the
Senator from Maryland and the Senator from
Kentucky as to which wife we pay, if there bo
more than one, and we avoid all the troubles
which are involved in that suggestion.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Of course it will be
seen by every Senator that the subject itself is
one of difficulty, and what seems to be neces-
sary in the case is to establish some reasonable
rule by which the Commissioner of Pensions
may be directed. It strikes me that the sec-
tion which I propose by way of amendment,
and the language of the amendment as I have
modified it, provides as good a rule as can be
established. If you say '' previous to the rebel-
lion," or previous to any date in the past, you
leave the interval between that date and the
enlistment of the soldier when he may have
gone off, and almost criminally abandoned, so
far as humanity is concerned, his wife and
children. I do not know that any cases of
difficulty have arisen under this particular part
of the existing law, as yet, but if there have,
or if any such shall hereafter arise, and the rule
works hard in any particular case, it will be
competent for Congress to give special relief.
If those cases seem to be numerous, or suffi-
ciently numerous to justify it, no doubt then
some amendment will be introduced into the
pension laws, on the strength of the experi-
ence thus gained, which will meet the cases.
The best reflection I am able to give the sub-
ject is that the rule as it stands in the amend-
ment I offer is the most reasonable we can
adopt under the peculiar circumstances pre-
sented to us.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the honor-
able gentleman from West Virginia that prob-
ably this language would answer: "that the
first living wife should have the benefit of the
pension.''
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think it would
hardly be safe to_ admit the fact that there is
more than one wife in these cases.
Mr. DAVIS. We know there are with ne-
groes. They sometimes have three or four at
the _ same time, and they change them very
rapidly sometimes, loo. I think that the woman
who is the first wife of the negro is the proper
recipient of this bounty. He may change his
wife half a dozen times, as many of them do ;
