644
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
interests of the Government can take risks
of that kind. He might as well go off and
leave his safe open, if he is going to put his key
into tlxe possession of eveTy irresponsible person
who wants possession of it. Under the circum-
stances, with this paragraph in Commander
Paulding's letter, it is a case where no sort of
diligence was exercised, and if we can grant
relief in this ease we can grant relief where a
man absolutely and intentionally puts his keys
in the hands of a person with the intention to
rob him. I do not say that this paymaster had
any collusion with this party, but I do say that
he manifested a disregard-of the public interest,
by permitting the key of his safe to go into the
hands of an irresponsible person, which should
make him. responsible for the amount of money
lost.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I gave
notice a few days since, that on this Monday
morning I would ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the joint resolution pro-
posing an amendment of the Constitution, re-
ported from the committee on reconstruction,
so called; and as I understand that the honor-
able Senatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
designs to speak upon the resolution, and is
prepared to do so, and it was generally under-
stood that he would do so to-day, I shall make
the motion, although perhaps under other cir-
cumstances I would not doit, owing to my own
condition. I will, therefore, move that the
further consideration of the bill now before the
Senate be postponed, with a view to proceed to
the consideration of that joint resolution.
Mr. STEWART. 1 have been waiting for a
long time to got an opportunity to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 7-1 for the admission of Colorado.
I think that the Senate ought to act upon that
subject speedily. Before wo enter upon the
consideration of a subject that is going to oc-
cupy a very long time, and will be discussed
here probably for weeks, I think we should give
some consideration to this question of the ad-
mission of Colorado. It will take but a very
short time, I apprehend. It is due to those
people that the question should be determined
speedily, that they may know what the Senate
are disposed to do upon the subject.
Mr. FOOT. That will be debated at length
when it is taken up.
Mr. WILf
that to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Maine designate which of the
two joint resolutions he asks the Senate to
take up?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The one I hat came from
the IIoi'sc of Representatives last week.
APPORTIONMENT OP REPRESENTATION.
The Senate, as in Committee of tho Whole,
proceeded to consider tho following joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 51) proposing to amend the
Constitution of tho United States:
Jirxotrrd, tf c., {f v, o thiids of both IIimim's concur-
ring,) Tluit tho following article be proposed to the
Legislatures ol the several Suites as an amendment
to tho C'o iMitution ot tho Cmtcd States, which, when
ratified by three fourths ol said Legislatures, shall be
valid as part ot'said Constitution, namely:
Article™. Representatives shall be apportioned
anion;; the seveml Staes vvhielt may be included
witinn this Union according to theirrcspectivemim-
bcrs, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed: Provided, That
whenever the elective franchise shall be denied or
abridged in any State on account of race or color, all
person s t lerein of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
,^Jr* SUMNER addressed the Senate, but
without concluding gave way to
Mr. MORGAN, on whose motion the Senate
proeee -ea to the consideration of executive
busnw ,js.
Afti.r some time spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
lourneu.
a up.
Mr. WILSON. You cannot do anything with
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 5, I8CG.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boykton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
leave of absence.
_ Mr. NEWELL. My colleague, Mr. Weight,
is very sick, and I ask that he be excused from
attending the House until sufficiently recovered
to do so.
There being no objection, indefinite leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Wright.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call tho States and Terri-
tories for bills on leave, to be referred to the
appropriate committees without debate, not
to be brought back by motions to reconsider,
commencing with the State of Maine.
special census.
Mr. BLAINE introduced a bill providing for
a special enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States prior to October 1, 1866 ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the joint committee on reconstruction, and
ordered to be printed.
court of claims.
Mr. DAWES introduced a bill to amend an
act amending the act establishing a court for
the investigation of claims against the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
pennsylvania institution for, the blind.
Mr. M1LLER introduced a bill to exempt from
taxation the Pennsylvania Institution for the i
Instruction of the Blind; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
mutual 1'ike insurance company,
Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill to amend an
act to incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance
Company of the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
catharine siiisi.s.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill authorizing the Quartermaster Gen-
eral to settle the claim of Catharine Shisls, of
Washington county, Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
TWO RliOTHERS, 01? WALLACEBCRG.
Mr. HOLMES intioduced a bill author-
izing tho issue of an American register to the
schooner Two Brothers, of WaUaceburg; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
MCE 51. BIIOWN.
Mr. IITTjL introduced a hill for tho relief of
Rico M. Brown: which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
indemnity act.
Mr. MclvEE. I ask to have this bill, being
a bill to amend the act of indemnity, approved
March 1803, referred to the Committee on tho
Judiciary.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. _ I would ask
my colleague if this is the same bill he desired
to introduce the other day.
Mr. McKEE. It is.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is it in
order for me to move to reject the bill ?
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman lias the right to object to
its introduction, when the question of granting
leave must be acted on without debate. The
Clerk will report the bill, after which, if there
is objection, the question will be taken upon
granting leave for its introduction and reference
at this time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that in any suit or prosecution,
civil or criminal, which has been or shall be
commenced in any State court, against any offi-
cer, civil or military, or against any other per-
son for any arrest or imprisonment made, or
any other trespass done or committed, during
the time of the rebellion, the defendant may
file a petition to remove the cause for-trial in
the United States Court of Claims ; and upon
affidavit that the arrest, imprisonment, or tres-
pass was made or committed by him as an offi-
cer of the United States in pursuance of orders
from his superior officer which he was bound
to obey, and at a time when the rebel forces
had invaded or were about to invade the place
where the arrest was made, and that he had
cause to believe that the person or persons ar-
rested if left at large would impede the opera-
tion of the United States forces, and that the
arrest was reports to his superior officer, who
approved and sanctioned the arrest, and the
party arrested was received from his hands by
officers of the United States, and held by them
with the knowledge and approval of the Secre-
tary of War and the President of the United
States, as he believes, it shall be the duty of
the State court to proceed no further in the
cause, but to dismiss the same and strike it from
the docket, and make proper orders for its
transfer and removal to the United States Court
of Claims, where the cause shall be filed and
disposed of as are other claims against the
United States; and upon the plaintiff showing
undoubted loyalty, and that his arrest and im-
prisonment was made without reasonable or
proper cause, the court shall assess an amount
m damages in his favor which shall be paid as
other claims out of the Treasury of the United
States.
Section two provides that it shall be lawful in
any such suitor prosecution for cither party to
move the transfer of the same-by appeal or writ
of error to the circuit court of the United States,
and thence to the Supreme Court of the United
States, whenever the State court shall have de-
cided the motion for the removal of the cause
for trial, as prescribed in the first scction.
Scction three provides that upon the filing
of a copy of the record made in the State court
in the suit or prosecution described in this act
down to and inclusive of the judgment of the
court upon the motion for removal, it shall be
the duty of the United States circuit court to
cause the removal or transfer of the suit or prose-
cution, with all tho papers connected therewith,
by mandamus or such, other order as may be
necessary to eff'eet the removal aforesaid.
Section four provides that in all eases where
judgment has been obtained against any party
described in the first section, upon the party
filing a record of the act upon which the judg-
ment was obtained, with an affidavit setting forth
tho facts as herein provided, in the circuit court
of tho United States, it shall be the duty of the
circuit court, by supersedeas or such other order
as may be necessary, to stay all proceedings
which may be commenced or authorized to be
commenced by reason of any judgment in the
State court; and any officer of any State court
who shall refuse to obey or comply with any
order from the United States court shall be
subject to a penalty of a fine of not loss than
$500 nor more than S5.U00, or imprisonment
not more than three years, or both, in the dis-
cretion of the court, the proceedings against
the officer disregarding the order to be held in
the court from which the order may issue.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will.read the
rule undei* which tho House is now acting.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"On each Monday succredins; that upon which a
call tor reports takes place as above, it is made the
duty of the Speaker to cali the states and Teiri*ories
tirst for bills on leave for leferenon only and without
debate.'and not to be brought back by motions to
reconsider."
The SPEAKER. The general usage of the
House has been on each alternate Monday to
receive al 1 bills presented and refer them to their
appropriate committees under the injunction
that they are not to be brought back by motions
to reconsider. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr, Harding] objects ty the introduction of the
