1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The committee
examined the case carefully, and adopted the
report of the House committee, deeming no
further report necessary. The proof is clear,
and it is impossible to make it any elearei\
Mr. HOWE. The feature in this bill that
attracted my attention was that it proposed to
allow a credit of avery large amount, not upon
the ground that Congress was satisfied that the
officer was entitled to it, but it refers the claim
to another officer of the Government, and pro-
poses to allow the credit when he becomes satis-
fied that it is due. If the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have seen the testimony which
establishes this loss, and have it here, there is
110 objection to Congress saying absolutely that
the. credit ought to be allowed; but I think
there is always an objection in the way of Con-
gress referring these matters to be settled after
the passage of the law by any other officer of
the Government. Before we authorize any such
credit to be allowed we ought to be satisfied
ourselves. The bill ought to be put upon that
footing.
Mr.'NESMITH. I will state to the Senator
from Wisconsin that that struck me as an un-
necessary part of (he bill, as surplusage. The
reports and testimony being so conclusive that
the money was lost, and that the officer was
lost at the same time, it did seem to me there
was no necessity for a provision of that kind,
that the account should DC readjusted by the
Paymaster General. I suppose the House
incorporated that provision in the bill thinking
it might afford some additional guarantee or
security to the Government. It can possibly
furnish none. The facts, as I stated, are proved
conclusively. There is no possibility of the
money ever having been recovered, and there
is no possibility that the officer escaped from
the wreck. It is a mere bill for the relief of his
estate.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to inquire if the
military commission which examined this case
report the testimony which was laid before
them ? Do they report the testimony on which
they adjudicated'!
Mr. NES.UJTII. Theyreportthetestimony
of several officers who saw the money counted
and put in the safe and taken on board the
vessel. In addition to that is the protest signed
by eighteen passengers who escaped in small
boats, and they state positively that Major Eddy
• did not escape.
Mr. CLAHK. As the bill is only reported
this morning, if the Senator will allow it to lie
over until we can look into the papers, I think
it will be belter.
Mr. NESMITII. Very well; but if the bill
goes over E move that the report of the House
committee be piiuted with the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. VAN WINKLE asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill i S. No. 21!!)) for the classification and grad-
uation of imalid pensions; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee oil
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
OATH Ok' OFFICE.
Mr. STMXEU. I desire to introduce a res-
olution. and as it is in my hand-writing, with
the perm'-Mon of the Chair 1 will read it my-
self and sa\ e tin- Secretary the trouble:
]{<>■",That tin' Secretary of the Treasury and I
the Postmaster (ienei ,il be requested to repoit to the i
Senate, so far as the i ccoids of their respective Be- !
partments wilt allow, ^helher at any time since the '
report of December Lei .niv persons have been per- S
mitted to enter upon the duties of office, and to j
receive the salary or euiohiDiunts Iheieof, without !
taking the oath pro-enned by act of Congress: or, if |
they have taken it, adding tin 1 eto explanations,- or i
if they have altered the oath, then iho alteiations
they have made : and if such tlmu- have been done, !
then to report the names of - nil pei-ons and the }
oath they have taken and the !ea on- lor allowing j
the same. I
t ask the unanimous cri-.m! of the Senate j
to consider this resolution now. !
Mr. McDOrGALL. I oijjecr. j
The PRESIDENT^rv tempinc. Objection j
being made, the resolution lies ovei. I
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 416) for the benefit of cer-
tain half-breeds and mixed bloods of the Win-
nebago tribe of Indians—to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 433) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and the act amendatory thereof,
approved March 3,1865—to the Committee on
Finance.
A bill (II. R. No. 400) to provide for the set-
tlement of accounts of certain public officers—
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 281) to amend the postal
laws—to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 103) to refer
the petition of Benjamin Holliday to the Court
of Claims—to the Committee on Claims.
HYDRO GRAPHIC OFFICE.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate take
up Senate bill No. 174.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 174) to establish a
hydrographic office in the Navy Department.
It proposes to attach a hydrographic office to
the Bureau of Navigation in the Navy Depart-
ment for the improvement of the means for
navigating safely the vessels of the Navy and
of the mercantile marine, by providing, under
the authority of the Secretary of the Navy,
accurate and chcap nautical charts, sailing di-
rections, navigators, and manuals of instruc-
tions, for the use of all vessels of the United
States, and for the benefit and use of navigators
generally. It also authorizes the Secretary of
the Navy to cause to be prepared at the hydro-
graphic office attached to the Bureau of Navi-
gation in the Navy Department, maps, charts,
and nautical books relating to and required in
navigation, and to publish and furnish them to
navigators at the cost of printing and paper,
and to purchase the plates and copyrights of
such existing maps, charts, navigators, sailing
directions, and instructions as he may consider
necessary, and when he may deem it expedient
to do so, and under such rules, regulations, and
instructions as lie may prescribe. The moneys
which may be received from the sale of all such
maps, charts, and nautical books arc to be re-
turned by the Secretary of the Navy into the
Treasury of the United States, to be used in
the further preparation and publication of maps,
charls, navigators, sailing directions, and in-
structions for the use of seambn, and to be sold
at the rates set forth in this bill; and the bill
makes an appropriation for the objects recited
in it.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to fill the blank in
the eighth line of the third section with the
words "fifteen thousand," as the amount to
be appropriated for the objects of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SUPREME COURT REPORTS.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 18G) amendatory of
an act to provide for the reports of decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
which had been reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary with an amendment to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause, in the following words:
That so much of the proviso to the act of August
29, 1S12, entitled "An aet to provide for the reports of
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,"
as provides that the compensation of #1.300 given by
the said act to the reporter of the said decisions shall
not bu paid unless the reporter shall print and pub-
lish the decisions of said court made during the time
he shall act as such reporter within six months after
the decision shall bo made, is hereby amended so aa
to allow him eight months instead of six.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the reporter of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States shall hereafter be allowed
the term of eight months for the publication of his
reports, instead of six, as provided by the aet of
August 29,1842.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
PILOT KNOB AND HELENA RAILROAD.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 37, making a grant
of lands in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction and extension of the Iron Mountain
railroad from Pilot Knob, in the State of Mis-
souri, to Helena, in Arkansas.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was in section one, line
twenty-four, after the word "that" to insert
' 'all mineral lands except those containing coal
and iron, and;" so that the clause will read:
And provided further, That all mineral lands,
except those containing coal and iron, and any lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by competent
authority, for the purpose of aiding in any object of
internal improvement, or for any other purpose what-
ever, be, and the same are, reserved to the United
States from the operation of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
twenty-four, after the word "that" to insert
"all mineral lands except those containing
coal and iron, and;" so that the clause will
read:
And provided further. That all mineral lands, ex-
cept those containing coal and iron, and any lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by competent
authority, for the purpose of aiding in any object of
internal improvement, or for any other purpose what-
ever, be, and the same are, reserved to the United
States from the operation of this aet, except so far as
it may be found necessary to locate the routes of said
railway through tho same, in which case the right of
way only shall be granted, subject to the approval of
the President of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho hill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill of the Senate (S. No. 82) granting a
pension to Sarah Fitzgibboti, with an amend-
ment, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed, without
amendment, the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 1G-3) more effectually to pro-
vide for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States; and
A bill (S. No. 216) to provide for the trans-
fer of the custody of the library of the Smith-
sonian Institution to the Library of Congress.
HEAR ADMIRAL PAULDING.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Senate joint
resolution No. 53.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 53) authorizing Rear Admiral
H. Paulding to accept a decoration from the
King of Italy was read the second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a permission to Rear Admiral H. Paulding,
of the Navy, to accept a decoration of the eques-
trian order of Saint Maurice, which has been
tendered to him by the King of Italy as a reward
for assistance rendered to the Italian frigate
Re d'Italia when she got ashore near Long
Branch.
