228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9, ■
Ho. of Reps.
Protection of American Wool—Mr. Ecldey.
39th Cong.... 1st Sisss.
doubt of it. And is the public mind any the less
sensitive now in reference to the honor of the
nation ? Have the people become less patri-
otic? Have they lost the high sentiment of
regard they once had for the honor of their
country so that they would now consent that
traitors of the blackest die might hold the
highest positions in the Government? Why,
sir, so jealous of the honor of the nation
were members of one branch of the national
Legislature about the time of the commence-
ment of the rebellion that they expelled a
grave Senator from my State from their coun-
cils for merely giving a letter of introduction
to the rebel chief; a man who, it was said,
had made some valuable improvements in fire-
arms. "Better were it for that man that a
mill-stone were fastened about his neck and he
cast into the depths of the sea" than to go
before his constituents after having voted that
such men might again hold position under the
Government. I look upon treason, under any
circumstances, as the highest degree of polit-
ical sin; but when is added to it a threefold
perjury, as is in most of the cases of those to
whom this joint resolution refers, it is unpar-
donable. I do not know but that the Saviour
of the world, when speaking of the sins that
might be.forgiven men, that there was one that
could not be forgiven in this world or the world
to come, but what he had reference to the
monstrous sin of treason; if not, it must have
been one closely allied to it.
Now, sir, my policy is to let the citizens of
the States lately in rebellion know that they
must raise up a different class of politicians
from those they have been in the habit of look-
ing up to as leaders, men who have some love
for republican liberty, some regard for the
principles that are contained in the Declara-
tion ot Independence, which lie at the founda-
tion of the Government, and who are not
blackened all over with ingratitude, treachery,
and crime.
There is another consideration why this
measure should pass. It would not only pre-
vent the direful influence these men would
have upon the interests of the country, and
especially that portion of it with which they
are connected, but it would serve in some small
degree as a punishment for their wickedness
and violation of law. I know it is said that
we of the Nortli can afford to be magnanimous
in the hour of victory, and that we should
extend the right hand of fellowship to our
erring brethren and welcome them back again
to the_protection of the Government and to a
participation in its affairs without any refer-
ence to past events. But that kind of mag-
nanimity would be extremely unjust toward
the memory of the hundreds of thousands of
loyal patriots who surrendered up their lives
in defense of the country. It would be an out-
rage against the feelings of the thousands of
maimed and crippled soldiers whose lives will
be a burden to them for the remainder of
time ; yet J fear that many are disposed to
acquiesce in this mawkish generosity. Why,
sir, of the many thousands who have been en-
gaged in this monstrous rebellion, and who it
is acknowledged have been guilty of crimes
that have no parallel in the history of mankind,
not one traitor has been arraigned and brought
to trial or received any punishment for his acts.
It is true that a poor, miserable creature, who
was the cat's-paw of the men that this jointres-
olution is intended to reach, was brought to
trial and convicted for violating the laws of
war and humanity in starving soldiers to death,
but the men who are responsible for the action
of Wirz go unwhipped of justice. And, sir,
from present indications, notwithstanding the
people are sending up petitions and the Legis-
latures of a number of the States have passed
resolutions asking the powers that be to bring
these men to trial and to justice, yet I fear
the halter will be cheated out of its victims
ftod the sacredness of law be set at naught.
But, Mr. Speaker, it has been argued, since
this debate upon reconstruction commenced,
that these men have become repentant, that
they have signified a willingness to," accept the
situation," and that their love for the old Union
has again returned to them. Where is the evi-
dence to substantiate the assertion? It cer-
tainly cannot be found in the testimony of any
of those leading rebels who have been sum-
moned before the committee that reported
these resolutions. It is true that Mr. Stephens,
the vice president of the defunct confederacy,
says that he believes the people of the South
will accommodate themselves to the surround-
ing circumstances and acquiesce in what may
be properly done by the Government ; but does
he manifest, himself, any great devotion to the
Constitution and the principles upon which the
Government is founded ? Does he not tell the
country that the dogma upon which the rebel-
lion was inaugurated is right? 'Have any of
these men manifested any regrets for the ruin
and devastation that they have brought upon
the country, only such as the culprit exhibits
when he is overtaken in crime and has failed
in his schemes? If such is the fact I have not
been able to see it.
But, sir, instead of works meet for repent-
ance, these men assert, with all the arrogance
and haughtiness characteristic of their former
lives, that they are entitled to be heard here in
these Halls, and that it is an infringement upon
their constitutional rights when it is proposed
to require some conditions-precedent to the
full restoration of the rebellious States. They
talk as though it was but a small affair to at-
tempt the life of this Government; thatalthough
they failed in their machinations and efforts to
sever the cords that bind it together as a whole,
yet, as by divine right, they claim a share in its
government. Such impudence is unparalleled
in the history of mankind, unless it was when
the devil required the Saviour to worship him
in consideration of the vast kingdoms he prom-
ised him, when the old secessionist had no title
to any.
Sir, I consider the propositions under consid-
eration very lenient. They do not come up
fully to my idea of justice in the premises. I
would go further than is now proposed. I
would add to the disqualification for office dis-
franchisement forever, so far as we have the
power, and the confiscation of all their estates,
and place it beyond the executive clemency to
restore any of them to citizenship or to their
property. They should be made to feel that
treason is "odious," and that this Government
has sufficient inherent power to vindicate itself
in the punishment of all its foes of whatever
character. Send them forth, sir, as vagabonds
and outlaws, for the finger of scorn of all pa-
triots to be pointed at. Place them before our
countrymen as beacons of warning to the am-
bitious demagogue who may have rankling in
his heart an unholy desire for power, even at
the expense of the destruction of his country.
Let our action on this resolution serve as a light
to teach the patriot that the true path that leads
to honor and glory is fidelity to the laws of his
country. Impress that principle upon the hearts
of those that will soon grow up and take our
places here, and the Republic is safe.
The fourth section of the joint resolution, I
presume, will meet with little, if any, opposi-
tion. The good character of the Government
depends upon the fidelity with which it meets
its contracts and discharges its pecuniary obli-
gations. 'The debt incurred in suppressing the
rebellion is principally owing to our own citi-
zens, and it is with pride that we can recur to
the fact. The history of the world produces
no parallel, where a nation was involved in a
war of so large proportions and of so long du-
ration, of its own subjects furnishing the ne-
cessary means for its prosecution. This is an
evidence that a republican Government is con-
ducive to the prosperity of its citizens. But
there is another species of debt referred to in
this section that would seem to be more sacred,
if possible, than that incurred in prosecuting
the war. I refer to that of pensions and boun-
ties. The small pittance that is provided for
those who have offered their lives as a sacriuce
to their country's cause, and who have left be-
hind them those that were dependent upon
them for support, mustnotbe neglected. Others
who have survived the deadly conflict, but are
left maimed for life, look to a generous Gov-
ernment for support, and have a right to expect
that provision will be made for their relief, and
that the Government will be prompt in dischar-
ging its obligations to them.
Mr. Speaker, it looks to me now that we
have reached a solid foundation upon which
to reorganize the superstructure of the Gov-
ernment, a basis that will be as durable as the
everlasting hills. The people will ratify what
we now propose to them, because equal and
exact justice is meted out to all classes of our
population. The disturbing element of slavery
that has hitherto rocked the country from cen-
ter to circumference and caused distraction in
the national councils, is forever gone. The high
road to grandeur and happiness is opened up
before us, and everything that is noble beck-
ons us on to future greatness and a still higher
state of civilization, when all men will be equal
before the law, and the great fact will be real-
ized, that of one blood He made all the na-
tions of the earth, and to one destiny all must
come.
Protection of American Wool.
SPEECH OF HON. E. R. EOKLEY,
OP OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
June 9, 1866.
The House, as in Committee of the Whole on tho
state of the Union, resumed the consideration of the
President's annual message.
Mr. ECKLEY. Mr. Speaker, no interest
has been so long and so much neglected as
the production of wool, an article so essential
to the wants of the people that it is an abso-
lute necessity. It is second only to bread, its
use confined to no class or condition, and is a
necessity in every latitude of the country. It
is not only necessary now, but must continue
to be so long as seasons and climates last.
Still the encouragement of its growth has been
shamefully neglected in the legislation of the
country. The manufactured article has been
protected, but the raw material has been left to
struggle with the freebooters of trade, and com-
pete in market with the inferior article from
every country of the globe, from the plains of
ancient Asia to the islands of the western seas,
and north and south, from the region of the
icebergs to the scorching deserts of Africa.
I propose to state a few facts in connection
with the production of wool, its consumption,
and the encouragement it has received by and
through legislation, and the effect that legisla-
tion has had upon its price and production,
leaving the logical conclusion to the House,
believing that it must result only in the con-
viction to which I desire to bring the members
of this branch of Congress.
In the early history of the country woolen
fabrics were brought from foreign countries;
but little wool was produced here, and the
means of manufacturing was almost unknown.
The necessity caused by the want of this article
induced the introduction of sheep.* The early
tariff on wool and woolens, the trade regula-
tions, and^ finally the embargo act, gave a stim-
ulus to this branch of husbandry. Large im-
portations of fine sheep were made from Europe,
tho business prospered, and the production was
largely increased; so that at the close of the
year 1812 both the production of wool at home
and its manufacture were in a flourishing con-
dition. Fine wool was worth seventy-five cents
