1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
39th Cong, ... 1st Sess,
Reconstruction—Mr. Rogers.
Ho. of Reps.
per pound, and woolen fabrics bore a price in
proportion.
The treaty of Ghent, while it protected almost
every other American interest, almost entirely
ignored that of wool and woolens. The result
was, factories languished, and the production
of wool ran down, until it was almost aban-
doned. Prices were merely nominal.
The condition of this important business
forced itself upon the attention of Congress,
and in 1824 a duty of twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem was levied upon wool and thirty per cent,
on woolens. Under this salutary legislation
the business- again became prosperous, and
prices ran up; line wools brought from fifty to
sixty cents per pound, and the production
largely increased. This prosperity continued
until 1833, when the gradual reduction of the
tariff commenced and prices in proportion sunk
and continued low until 1846, when the hori-
zontal free-trade tariff was passed, almost en-
tirely abolishing protection to wool and wool-
ens ; prices again sunk, and the manufacture of
woolens, particularly broadcloths, was almost
abandoned. The tariff of 1801 made no decided
improvement; the rates varied, and wool costing
less than eighteen cents per pound was admit-
ted free.
No country on the globe relies so much on
importing wool as the United States. The best
data obtainable show the consumption of wool
and woolens equal to two hundred million
pounds per year for the last twenty years, while
our production does not exceed, if it has
reached, fifty millions. In 1840 we produced
forty-six million pounds; in 1850, fifty-two mil-
lion five hundred and sixteen thousand nine
hundred and fifty-nine pounds; in 18C0, sixty
million five hundred andejeven thousand three
hundred and forty-three pounds. The prices
in 1862, 1863, and 1864, increased incident to
the war, and the production increased also,
nearly doubling in 1863 what it was in 1861.
No country is better adapted to the growth
of wool than the United States, and if proper
protection was extended to it there exists no
good reason wliy we might not produce suffi-
cient for our wants; and instead of paying
to foreign countries for three fourths of what
we consume, might save our money and grow
rich upon the wisdom of the policy. If we
continue in this fluctuating policy and deny to
this particular interest the protection we ex-
tend to almost every other, and compel our
people to enter the market in competition with
the wool from every country in the world, we
cannot expect it to prosper, but must incur a
heavy indebtedness to foreign markets, a con-
stant drain upon our pockets, as the only re-
ward for our neglect and stupidity.
The importation of woolens for the past ten
years amounts to $282,682,830, all of which
might have been saved to the country had a just
and wise policy been adopted. For there is
scarcely anything into which wool is worked
but what can be manufactured here. America
has the skill, the capital, and the materials,
and can make as fine and more durable fab-
rics than we buy from Europe.
Our folly did not stop with the importations
of woolen cloths and fabrics, but we have im-
ported largely of the raw material, to be manu-
factured here. During the year ending June
30, 1865, we imported nearly fifty million
pounds ; nearly equal to our entire production.
With these facts who can be surprised at the
depressed condition of our home market for
wool ? Adopt a wise system and stand by it,
give it support, and prevent it from fluctuat-
ing. Both tlie manufacturing and wool grow-
ing interests require stability and protection.
Secure that and both will flourish. New ma-
chinery will be put in operation, an increased
demand for labor will be made, property will
increase in value, the production of wool will
double, and the vast millions now paid for for-
eign cloths will be kept among our own people.
The two interests, that of manufacturing and
that of growing wool, arc so connected that
they are hard to separate. But if no protec-
tion is to be secured to the w.ool-grower, then
we need no more spindles or looms, for what
we have have abundant capacity to work all of
our own production and as much more.
The importance of this interest is well shown
by the statistics of the State of Ohio, which
had in—
Sheep.
1840  2,028,401
1850  3,368,174
1860  3,942,029
186 1 3,944,763
1862  4,448,227
1863  5,560,318
The wool clip in Ohio in 1863 amounted to
about eighteen million dollars, and in 1864 to
near twenty-five million dollars, and the sta-
tistics for 1865 and 1866 show a great increase,
estimating nearly one half the wool grown in
the United States to belong to Ohio.
I have the honor to represent one of the
largest, if not the first wool-growing district
in the United States, having in 1865 more than
six hundred thousand sheep.
The investment of so large an amount of cap-
ital and the existence of so great an interest
creates a nervous anxiety for proper protection
to this great branch of husbandry by all the
wool-growers of the country, and particularly
by those in the State of Ohio.
No country in the world produces a higher
average of wool than does the United States.
Still the wool-grower must enter the market
in competition with the low grades from every
country and every clime. He must be badgered
by shoddy traders and be cheated by the dealers
in the inferior stuffs from every quarter of the
world. Still our own grades of fine wool, of
course, are preferred in the market, but at prices
below its value. I append the price current of
wools in New York on the 15th day of May,
1866, clipped from the New York Mercantile
Journal, as follows: *
Cents.
Choice select Saxony, per pound 75
Saxony flocce 67
Full-blood Merino 62J
Ilalf-blood Merino 57
California  20
Australia, fine 35
Cape of Good Hope, fine   33
East India   25
African.   15
Mexican.r. 20
Texas 15
Smyrna 15
Syrian 20
Peruvian 25
Chilian 20
V alparaiso 20
South American    15
Mestizo 15
Entre Rios 10
Cordova 30
This shows the necessity of imposing aduty,
such as will baffle frauds and secure protec-
tion to one' of the growing interests, already
great, that has struggled into importance under
the neglect of the Government, but which is no
longer to be postponed. Protection must be
secured by the present Congress, and I think I
hazard nothing in assuring the wool-growers
that their voice has not only been heard in these
Halls, but it is potent to produce relief.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. A. J. ROGERS,
01? KE1V JERSEY,
In the House op Representatives,
June 13, 1866.
The House having under consideration the bill (II.
R. No. 543) to restore to the States lately in insurrec-
tion their full political rights—
Mr. ROGERS said:
Mr. Speaker : The resolutions proposing an
amendment to the Constitution which were the
product of the committee of fifteen, and which
were accompanied by two bills for passage by
Congress, and which were reported by that
committee as a settlement of the disagreeing
elements among the radicals on the committee,
were some weeks ago reported to both Houses
for action. This House had the magnanijnity
to allow a few members to make half-hour
speeches on the reported amendment, and
then, after consuming a few hours in debate,
the master of the House determined to move
the previous question, and further debate was
stopped. The amendment, precisely as it came
from the committee of fifteen, went through
the House, under the party whip, by a strict
party vote, every radical and pretended would-
be-called conservative Republican voting for it.
One would have supposed, if he did not know
the cringing disposition to radical dictation of
the Republican members, that they voted for it
because they believed it contained the true
principles upon which honest men should base
their action, and met with their decided appro-
bation. Andastlie celebrated committee, noted
for its secret inquisitions, had recommended it,
and every member upon the committee but the
three Democrats agreed to it; it was supposed
by honest men that the committee who agreed
to it and the radicals who voted for it in this
body would at least stand by and sustain it
thereafter.
But the amendment reported by the com-
mittee has been ignored by its own fathers and
a secret inquisition of Senators held over its
dead carcass. The third section of the com-
mittee's bantling has been struck out, because
it was not considered safe to go before the
people upon a section which disfranchised the
voters of the entire insurgent States until
1870. That amendment, in addition to the
third section, simply embodied the gist of the
civil rights bill, made the payment of the rebel
debt and the claim for pay for slaves void, and
gave authority to Congress to pass appropriate
legislation to enforce the amendment. The
first proposition was tame in iniquity, injus-
tice, and violation of fundamental liberty to
the one before us. This proposition makes
four million negroes citizens, not only of the
United States, but of each and every State,
and disqualifies from holding office forever
nearly all the influential men of the South,
those who are the men having the influence
to get through their Legislatures a reasonable
proposition. This proposition upsets the old
foundation stones of our Republic and laughs
and scoffs at the wisdom and patriotism of the
frariiers of our present organic law. It de-
stroys that elementary principle which for over
seventy years has lain at the foundation of
our happiness, that representation should be
founded on population, and introduces a system
which says you must allow negroes to vote or be
deprived of the share in the Government which
the fathers of the Republic designed shouldbe
enjoyed by you. I propose, sir, to examine
into the reasons for the introduction into this
House of this new issue of disunionism and
treason to the Constitution of our fathers.
I intend to confine myself mainly to the
changes which have been made by a secret cau-
cus of the Senate to the amendment as it was
originally presented by the committee of fifteen,
and let me say that it is an unpleasant posi-
tion for a member of Congress to be placed in
to make an argument against a measure which
has already been arranged by a secret party
caucus who have determined to put it through,
whatever arguments maybe made by its oppo-
nents and however patriotic their motives may
be. But, sir, I do say, that although upon this
side of the House we are in a hopeless minor-
ity, we are yet the representatives of two mil-
lion voters, and of nearly one half of the pop-
ulation of the adhering States, and more than
a majority of the whole people of the whole
Union: and although the majority can in se-
cret caucus so arrange their tactics as to force
the action of the House upon such measures
as they may see fit, under the whip of caucus
discipline, the minority have no such power,
