1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2669
still I think the first wife ought to receive the
pension, and 1 think the gentleman, ought to
adopt a rule to give it to the first wife.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Perhaps the wives
changed their husbands as often as husbands
changed the wives. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. That would not change the
rule in relation to the pension that is to be
given to the widows of deceased soldiers.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will say, in reply to
the Senator from Kentucky, that if there are
two women claiming to be the wife of the sol-
dier the matter will have to be adjudged of
by the Commissioner of Pensions ; and if any
questions or difficulties arise in relation to this
matter the Commissioner of Pensions must
. settle them, if the law will permit him to settle
them. If not, and there is no case for relief,
it will come, as we have daily cases coming
here, for the special action of Congress. As 1
have suggested, a year or two's experience will
determine whether this law as it stands is
proper. If not, the very experience got at
the Pension Office will enable us to introduce
a suitable amendment. I retain the impression
that the provision as it stands in the old sec-
tion and in the amendment is better suited to
the case than any that has been suggested.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think the amend-
ment as it stands is exactly as it ought to be
on account of the fact that it would require
proof of cohabitation down to the very period
of enlistment, and I think we, most oi us, un-
derstand the fact to be that many persons were
separated from their wives for a considerable
period before they enlisted; and at the same
time I am not entirely satisfied with the amend-
ment to the amendment which is offered, for
the reason that in many eases it will allow proof
of marriage upon mere presumption when other
proof is attainable. If this amendment is not
agreed to, so that T can have an opportunity,
I shall then propose to amend the original
amendment by striking out the words in the
thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth
lines, "that the parties had habitually recog-
nized each other as man and wife, and lived
together as such for a definite period, not less
than two years next preceding the enlistment
of the man,'' and insert in lieu of them the
words, " which in civil actions would raise the
presumption of the marriage of white persons
so that the clause will read :
Shall be entitled to receive the pensions provided
bylaw without other cvideneoof marriage than proof,
satisfactory to the Commissioner of Pensions, which
in civil actions would raise the presumption of the
mamage of white poison.-.
Of course the law as to white persons is per-
fectly well understood in civil actions : that
length and degree of cohabitation which under
the circumstances satisfies a reasonable man
that the relation really existed, whether the
proof comes down to the very point of time at
which tlie inquiry is instituted, or wheiher it
shows the relation to have existed at some pre-
vious period. There is a well-settled rule of
law in civil actions, which prevails in all the
States I believe, substantially alike; and it
appears to me that such a provision would cover
all the cases and would not be open to any
objection which occurs to me. If, therefore,
the pending amendment to the amendment
should not be agreed to, I should then offer
the one which I have named.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope no change will
be made in the provisions of this amendment.
It is precisely the law of July I, 1801. It
makes no change in that law on this subject,
and 1 lia\ e heard no complaint in our State,
where we had a large number of negro troops,
in regard to that law. If the change suggested
by the Senator from Vermont be made, in all
probability a different construction will be given
to the provision by the Second Auditor from
that which he has given to the present law of
180 L and much confusion would inevitably
result from the change. I have heard no com-
plaint whatever in our State in regard to the
law. and I should regret very much to see a
change made. 1 think it is much better, now
that we have become accustomed to the proof
necessary under the act of 1804, that it should
remain as it is.
Mr. HARMS. What is the act of 1804?
Mr. HENDERSON. The provision to which
I allude is contained in the fourteenth section
of the act of July 4, 1864, to be found on page
401 of the Acts of 1863-04, in these words:
"That the widows and children of colored soldiers
who have been or who may bo hereafter killed, or
who have died or may hereafter die of wounds re-
ceived in battle, or who have died or may hereafter
die of disease contracted in the military service of
the United States, and in the line of duty, shall be
entitled to receive the pensions now provided by law
without other proof ot marriago than that the par-
ties had habitually recognized each other as man and
wife, and lived together as such for a definite period
next preccdim; the soldier's enlistment not less than
two years, to be shown by the aflidavits of credible
witnesses."
I have not found any complaint in regard to
this provision requiring proof of cohabitation
for two years next preceding the time of en-
listment, and we had a large number of negroes
in the service from our State. The only com-
plaint I have heard in that State is that there
is no act enabling bounty and back pay to be
drawn upon the same terms. The Second Au-
ditor here requires the best proof of marriage in
order to enable the payment of back pay and
bounty, because he says, and perhaps cor-
rectly, that the change of the law in regard to
pensions allowing proof of cohabitation to be
received without a certificate of marriage does
not authorize him to change it in regard to
bounty and back pay.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Allow me to suggest
to the Senator that the Senate has already
passed a bill introduced by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson*] on the subject
of bounty and back pay, and that is what drew
my attention to the subject in relation to pen-
sions. 1 furnished to him the amendment
which 1 had drawn, at his request, and he said
he would take it to the committee of the House.
I presume, therefore, the matter of bounty and
back pay is under consideration in the other
House.
Sir. HENDERSON. Knowing the difficulty
on this subject, at an early period of the ses-
sion I offered a resolution instructing the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to inquire into it. 1
should like to amend this provision so as to
include claims for bounty and back pay, be-
cause the same proof that is good in the one
case ought to be good in the other.
Mr. President, I will state that not as much
difficulty can arise in this matter, according to
my knowdedge of the subject, as Senators seem
to think. I know that it is sometimes the case
that negroes have a plurality of wives, or that
they cohabit with a plurality, but I believe they
regard, as white people do, some particular
one as the wife. I do not see the difficulties
to spring from this provision that Senators
seem to fear. I have heard of no difficulty in
all the adjudications of tins question. I have
heard of no contradictory claims. I have heard
of no two women claiming to bo the wife of the
same negro, although we had a large number
of negro soldiers from my State. I believe
the claims are very satisfactorily adjusted here;
and it is as well known in communities where
the negroes live which is the wife, and who has
been regarded as the wife for the last six, eight,
or ten years, as it is peihaps in the case of white
people.
It was at first required by the Second Audi-
tor that record evidence of the marriage should
be filed; that is, that a certificate should be
filed. It is well known that in the slave States
no such certificate was ever authorized in regard
to colored persons. It was on 1 authorized in
the ease of white per?ons. The distinctive
word "white"' ran through all our laws. That
evidence of the marriage could not be furnished,
but my impression is that there is no incon-
venience from the rule now provided. I desire
to vindicate the negroes from the charge of
practical Mormoni,--m_ brought against them,
for I do not believe the evil exists to one half
of the extent implied by the argument of the
Senator from Kentucky and other Senators.
I think no difficulty will arise from the adoption
of the amendment as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pombrot
in the Chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Lane]
to the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia, [Mr. Van Wixkle.]
.The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senator
who has charge of this bill will not object to
include in this provision claims for bounty and
back pay. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting after the word "pension" in the
eleventh line the words "bounty and back
Pafir. VAN WINKLE. I must object to the
introduction of those words, not because it is
not very proper that bounty and back pay
should be awarded on the same proof as pen-
sions, but because it is introducing matter for-
eign to the subject of pensions. There are a
series of laws iu reference to bounty and back
pay, and another series of laws in reference to
pensions. Our laws are certainly confused
enough without voluntarily introducing any
more confusion into them.
Another reason for objecting to this amend-
ment is the fact, to which I have already ad-
verted, that the Senator from Massachusetts,
who is not now present, did propose an amend-
ment to a military bill, where it was appropri-
ate and pertinent, in reference to this very
subject of bounties and back pay; and that
amendment was adopted by the Senate and
sent to the House of Representatives. I havo
already stated that it was that action which
called my attention to the necessity of some-
thing similar in reference to pensions. I
stated, however, to that Senator an objection
L had to that amendment as it was passed. I
did not see it until after it had been passed by
the Senate; I was not present at the moment
of its passage. He requested me to give him
a copy of what I had prepared in relation to
pensions, and said ho would take it to the
committee of the other House and have it
inserted there, in relation to bounties and back
pay. As the matter has been brought to the
consideration of Congress, and will probably
be provided for, though in some slightly dif-
ferent form, in a bill yet pending in the other
House, 1 think we should not attempt to insert
it here.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am always averse to
interfering with bills of this character, coming
from committees; but I regret very much that
the Senator from West Virginia makes objection
to this amendment, bccause it is nothing but
right that it should be adopted. It allows no
back pay or bounty which is not already pro-
vided bylaw. The only change that it makes is
the change that I indicated a few moments ago.
Th-e pension is now allowed upon proof of
cohabitation, without a certificate of marriage ;
but the Second Auditor refuses absolutely to
allow back pay on the same testimony. For
instance, a great many colored soldiers who
went from my State have fallen in the southern
States. The widow or children can get the pen-
sion ; but no matter how much may have been
due to that soldier as back pay, they cannot
get it unless evidence of marriage is furnished
that cannot be furnished, namely, a certificate
of marriage; because there was no law author-
izing such certificates in our State in those
cases- Hence it is that the back pay is lost to
the widow and children where the colored sol-
dier has fallen in battle. So it is with the bounty.
If you put in this amendment the words1' bounty
and back pay," they will not be paid, unless in
cases where they are due under the law. This
amendment will not allow the soldier's wife or
heirs to draw bounty or back pay unless m cases
where it is allowed bylaw, and where the widow
or children cannot draw it now for the simple
reason that they cannot produce the evidence
of marriage that the Second Auditor requires.
