230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 13,
Ho. oj? Beps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Rogers.
39th Com u.... 1st Sess.
and all that they can do and what it is their
bounden duty to do is to protect and vote
against action of this character, and ask the
House as the Senate was asked by members
of the Opposition, that each man individually
shall exercise his judgment upon this proposi-
tion to change the charter of our liberties,
according to the dictates of his own conscience,
free from the controlling influence of caucus.
If you look at the history of this committee of
fifteen from its organization down to the pres-
ent time you will find that the whole object of
its organization was to carry into effect party
purposes, to affect the fall campaign, and to
dismember and dissolve the American Union.
Sir, before the House was organized this
committee of fifteen had been organized in a
secret caucus, with a veil of darkness thrown
over it; and in the dark recesses of radicalism
with closed doors and darkened windows, where
the people were not permitted to look in upon
the commencement of proceedings which were
designed to overthrow the elementary founda-
tions of their happiness and national greatness,
the radical members of the two Houses estab-
lished, for the first time in the history of this
country or of any other republic, a secret com-
mittee to control and dictate to the two Houses
of Congress what action they should take on
the great measures growing out of the contest
of the last four years. And, sir, the resolution
appointing this committee was hurried through
without allowing us one minute for debate,
under the whip and spur of party organization.
When the light of day shall break in upon
the records of this committee, and the people
arc permitted to know its proceedings as I
know them, it will bo seen that it many times
agreed to report its final action; but, sir, the
fear of not being able to deceive the people
with them many times induced it to reconsider.
A t one time universal negro suffrage was agreed
to be reported as a condition to southern rep-
resentation ; but it was soon seen by it that
the people could not be deceived by so plain
an issue as that, and that to expose the true
doctrine of the dominant party in that way
would be certain defeat. It finally, on the 31st
of January last, made its report, and brought
forth its first child, which was to be baptized
in the name of philanthropy as the last offspring
of a putative lather. I supposed the issue was
then made up. The command of the commit-
tee was given to the radical members of this
House, and they had nothing to do but obey.
That proposition was a proposed amendment
to the Constitution, in substance the same as
the section of the article before us regulating
representation. The proposition of January
31 declared that if the elective franchise was
denied or abridged in any State on account of
race or color or previous condition of slavery,
then that whole race or color should not be
counted in the basis of representation. There
was no material difference between that and
this. The party lash was again applied, and
the previous question used to gag debate, and
it passed this House by the overwhelming vote
of the entire radical and so-called conservative
element, amid the shouting of the negroes and
radicals^ in the galleries and waving of hand-
kerchiefs. It went to the Senate, and there
the first offspring of the committee was stran-
gled, though not killed, and instead of receiv-
ing a two-third vote, as required by the Con-
stitution, it got barely a majority. The com-
mittee became nervous, and determined that
the party lash should be more thoroughly ap-
plied, and that Mr. Sumner and the radicals
who defeated it in the Senate should yield their
opposition or be read out of the party. It again
sat and finally hatched a.new progeny, which
contains in substance and effect the same pro-
vision as to representation, except that it now
says that if the el( clive franchise be denied in
any State to males of the age of twenty-one
years representation shall be denied in the pro-
portion that the males thus excluded from vot-
ing shall bear to the white and black male
inhabitants of the age of twenty-one years.
That second bantling went to the Senate to
be christened, but in some particulars it was
too weak, and in the one disfranchising the
rebels too bold to suit the Senate. It was
soon ascertained that it could not get a two-
third vote there. The committee of fifteen
became gloomy, and it saw it could not please
two thirds of the Senate and finally gave up its
work of destruction in despair. The radicals
saw that a failure to agree upon some propo-
sition would be death to their party. They
took new courage, withdrew it from the Sen-
ate, and consigned it to a secret caucus of
radical Senators. For three days the Senate
was silent, while a caucus was convened in a
private room away from the view of those who
did not agree with the radicals there;, and with
closed doors, secured by bolts and locks, where
even a reporter was not admitted, in the silence
of an inquisition of death, they concocted the
destruction of the great charter of American
freedom, and brought forth, as the emblem of
centralization and destruction ofthe elementary
rights of the States, the article now before us.
The Constitution declares that no amend-
ment shall be proposed without the vote of two
thirds of both Houses. Yet a mere majority
of a party caucus proposes this amendment,
and the individual opinion of each member of
that party must consent and ratify. That, sir,
in effect is an amendment proposed to be sub-
mitted to the Legislatures, not by the convic-
tions of honest minds, but by the coercive
power of a caucus majority. Shall our charter
of liberty be amended in a secret cabal with
closed doors? What would the American peo-
ple think if we were to close the doors of this
House and in secret amend the work of their
fathers ? They would burst open the doors and
demand to know what their servants were do-
ing. The doors of the Senate, after the work
of death to constitutional liberty had been
inauguratedby this secret cabal, were opened
for the consideration of the work. Party cor-
ruption had done its work and the dictates of
honest consciences had been smothered. Mr.
Sumn'EU and his followers, who defeated the
first proposition, trembled with fear and
unblushingly voted this monstrous abortion
through the Senate with the aid of those who
supported the first. It now became necessary
to manipulate the House. It had given its
views upon the proposition of the committee.
But the forcing process begun. The House
are ordered to cringe and cower before the
awful power of the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] The orders had
been delivered and must be obeyed. Rad-
icalism walks forth with bold impunity, and
the last link of conscience is ordered to be
broken. _ But, sir, that caucus we never shall
forget; it wasrthe crowning act of the radicals
in Congress; it was one more obstacle to the
restoration of the Union. If the President of
the United States could have looked in upon
that body then he would have been reminded
of the time when history says the Romans
danced and shouted over the downfall of lib-
erty, made memorable by the love of centu-
ries. -
I am hero to protest against amending the
great charter of our liberties by a secret cau-
cus. Every member, under the duty which he ■
owes to his own conscience, to his country, and i
to his oath, ought, not, to be controlled by secret |
caucus, and should vote according to the dic-
tates of his own judgment. He should not be
controlled by secret cabals in his action, es-
pecially in matters pertaining to the funda-
mental principles which lie at the base of the
liberties of the people, and which were founded [
in old revolutionary times and handed down '
to this generation, and which this generation *
should hand down to their descendants unim-
paired as a great jewel and legacy of liberty.
I say this amendment would never pass by
the necessary two thirds if free from the con-
trol of party whip and party ties. It does not
meet the deliberate judgment of two thirds of
either House.
To show that my assertion is true, I refer to
the language used on the question now before
the House by Hon. Mr. Sherman" on the Doo-
little amendment to this proposition. Mr.
Doolittle proposed an amendment that rep-
resentation should be based upon the voting
population of the States. That would make
representation equal in all the States. The
eastern and middle States would not have a
controlling influence because of their popula-
tion of women and children there, as they will
have under this. South Carolina, Massachu-
setts, and other States would stand upon an
equal footing before the law in regard to rep-
resentation, on the broad ground that repre-
sentation is based upon the voting population
of the State.
I ask gentlemen of this House, and especially
those on the other side, to listen for a moment to
the language of the honorable gentleman, [Mr.
Sherman,] a member of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and one of its most prominent mem-
bers, who declares in that body that he yields
his own judgment, that he gives up his own
views, that, he abdicates the duty which he be-
lieves he owes to his country and his conscienc®,
in order that he may give in his adherence to
the doctrines of a secret cabal or caucus of
radicals, assembled in secret, away from the
gaze of the people of the United States, to con-
coct thisscheme of disunion, and overthrow the
fundamental principles of this Government.
The distinguished Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] said:
"I shall detain the Senate but for a. moment to
explain the reasons for thevote I shall give in oppo-
sition to what is my own deliberate judgment on the
question now pending. The more I think of this
question the more lam convinced that the true basis
of representation in the present condition of affairs
is the number of male citizens who.under the laws
of the States, are allowed to vote. This proposition,
it seems to me, is a simple one, plain and obvious,
whieh puts a citizen in one State on a footing of pre-
cise equality with a citizen in every other State,
which equalizes the political power of all citizens,
and which will destroy all scctional animosity. If
this amendment be adopted, a citizen ofthe State
of Ohio haSTprecisely the same political power with
i a citizen of the State of Massachusetts or of South
, Carolina, 110 moro and no less. The same number
would bo required in each State to elect a member
I of Congress. The number of citizens could be easily
i ascertained by the census, and the census rolls could
bo attested very readily at each annual election.
] This proposition is simple, plain, and obvious: and
yet'under the necessity in which we arc now placed
; I shall feel called upon to vote against it."
j Again, he said:
' "That is a plain and obvious principle, and if that
principle was adopted the southern States would teel
, 110 local jealousy. They could not feel any. NoState
and no community would have the right to complain.
The laws of the United States would fix the natura.1-
] ization of the foieignur; birth would fix the citizen-
j ship of the native; thero could be no controversy.
, Then every citizen would stand equal before the law.
; with precisely the same poll tical_ power, no more and
! no less. I say, therefore, that this is theonly aineud-
; ment to tho propositions now submitted to us that X
, desire to make: but I feel bound by the action of my
I political friends to vote against this amendment. I
place my vote distinctly on this ground."
j I ask you, what security or safety is there
I for the people of the United States, what con-
j fidence for the protection of the lives and lib-
j erties of" the people of this country is to be
| placed in the Senate of the United States, a
; body always heretofore held in regard on ac-
: count of its wisdom and patriotism, when one
of the chief spokesmen of the dominant party
in that body rises and tells the people that he
votes against his deliberate judgtaent and the
convictions of his conscience, simply because
a majority of his brother Senators, members of
the same party, have assembled in secret con-
clave and decided that he shall so vote? Why,
sir, if such legislation as this is to be encouraged
j and upheld, this nation will die and we shall all
j be wretched mourners around its tomb. What
j would you think of a jury deliberating on the
life of a citizen who should agree to give up their
