646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
for damages, and as they all refer to one an-
other, I ask to present and refer them en masse.
The SPEAKER. Only bills and joint reso-
lutions are now in order; and the business after
that is the call of States for resolutions, com-
mencing with the State of Illinois.
INFORMERS UNDER INTERNAL REVENUE LAW.
Mr. FARN"SWORTH submitted the follow-
ing resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Moans
be instructed to report a bill to this House repealing
s*uch provisions of the internal revenue law as allow
informers to receive a moiety of fines for an infrac-
tion of that law.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman to m od-
ify it so as to make it a resolution to inquire into
the expediency.
Mr. FAUNSWOFbTH. It is a very simple
question, and I would like to get an expression of
the House upon the instruction.
Mr. MOIUULL. It ought not to be acted
upon without consideration.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Iwill changc it, but I
hope the committee will report soon, and that
the House will act upon the subject. It is grow-
ing into a monstrous evil throughout the coun-
try.
'The SPEAKER. If it gives rise to debate
it goes over;
Mr. FAKNSWOIITH. I will modify it and
make it a resolution of inquiry.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
■\VtUTJS MAN'S DAY.
Mr. BOSS. I offer the followingresoluiion,
and demand the previous question upon il:
Whereas two months of the fiisl^c^ion oftlic Thirty-
Ninth Conjn'et-s have expired, and but Hill" pi oticss
been made in perfect nig and maturing the important
public- measures so anxiously hoped for and expected
by our constituents; aud whereas a lar^re portion of
our lime has been devoted to legislation lor and in be-
huitoi freedmon : Therefore,
/>V /' rmolveil. That the Committee onliules be in-
struct ed to inquire into the expediency of report in£5 a
new mle tbi I tie government of the House, to theolfcct
that one day in each week be set apart by the Speaker
of the Homo to be exclusively devoted to the public
business of the country, and thatduring this Congress
it be known as and called tho " whito mau's day."
Mr. WAWnnUIlNK, of Illinois. I move
th.it the resolution lie 011 the table.
The motion was agreed to.
LKVYFNO COM'iuiiutions ON siiciswNU STATIC.
Mr. McCLUIvGoffered the (allowing resolu-
tion :
Whereas if. is clearly manifcjst that the continued
contumacy m the seecdin^ States render^ if-necessary
to exercise, eoiuyros'doiml legislation 111 order to Rive
to the loyal citizens of those States protection in their
natural ami personal rights enumerated m the Con-
Rtitutionot'theUnited States, ami in addition thereto
makes it neee^aiy to keep on foot a larire standing
army to maintain the authority of the national Gov-
ernment and to keep tho peace; and wherean the
count rv is already o\ oibuidened by a war debt- in-
euii'cd to dclend the nationally against an mtamous
rel)ellion, and it js neither ju-t nor poiiti'- loinibct
t!n> va.-it .idditional expense 011 the peaceful mduotiy
oi 1 he in (ion : '.fhei eiore,
I'csiitGftl, TiiaI, if be lefeired to the joint commit-
teo of I he Senate and J1 ou^e to inquire hit o Uir expe-
dient* . ot levying contri but ion^ on the secedimrStates
tods !-rav the extraordinary expense', that w ould other-
wise be imposed on the General Government", and that
said oommiUte boiuaUuctodtoroportby billorolher-
wiso.
Mr. KERR. I move to lay the rosolution on
tho table, and on ihat I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question beinc? taken upon agreeing to
the resolution, no quorum voted.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Mc-
CiA'iKr and Knmt were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 41, noes 05.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
debate the resolution.
Tho SPEAKER. Then it goes over under
the rule.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr, ANDERSON introduced a joint resolu-
tion to amend the Constitution of the United
States j which was read a iirst and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered io be printed.
EMPLOYMENT OP COLORED TK00PS.
Mr. BLOW. I offer the following resolution,
and demand the previous question upon it:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire and report upon the expediency
of authorizing the employment of colored troops, with
their consent, in the construction of railroads in the
departments or districts where they may be stationed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills reported that the committee had exam-,
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
Ilouse (II. U. No. lio) entitled "An act for
the relief of Charles P. Anderson."
IIAIIBOR OF ST. JOSEPH, MICHIGAN.
Mr. ITPSO N introduced the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce bo in-
structed t<> inquire into the expediency ol making an
appiopriation to as5>i*t in the improvement of the
harbor of St. Joseph, Michigan.
■WIDOWS OS1 REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS.
Mr. UPSON also submitted the following
resolution 5 which was read; considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pen>h>ns bo instructed to inquire whether any further
legislation i-s neeebsiry or appropiiate for the aid and
benefit ot the sum vmg widows of soldiers of tho Rev-
olution, and to repoit by bill or otherwise.
ENROLLMENT SUIUIEONS' REPORTS.
Mr. LONGYEAR submitted the following
resolution:
Whereas the reports of the surgeons of the boards
of em oilmen!, during the late war now on file in tho
Pro\'>;-l Mur^hal General'^ Bureau have been col-
lected at great expense, and contain much informa-
tion valuable to the world generally, and to the Gov-
ernment, pai tieularly, in any future emergency :
Rejoiced, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of the
compilation and public;) tion of tho said reports, and
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ROIIENCK. That matter has already
been referred to the Committee on Military
A Hairs.
Ike resolution was agreed to.
LOCATION OF THE CAPITAL.
Mr. DRIOOS introduced a joint resolution
referring the subject of the permanent location
of (lie capital of the United States to the joint
conmutf.ee on reconstruction; which was read
a lirsL and second time.
The resolution is as follows:
Whereas the removal of and permanent location
of the capital of the United States is a.subject of great
importance, «nd one which is sure to be demanded in
the tutui'c on account of the increasing population of
the {neat West; and whereas twenty-odd States have
been added to the Union Mnee the location of its eap-
il al here, i enderiny its prc^cnti-'ito entirely out of the
geo'ua[dm al and hiiMiiess center ol the .Stales, as
well «).-  of the inhabiUnK thereof, and whereas we,
eonMdei that all wise leir^lation should look at< well
to the inteie>to( the, future millions who are to in-
habit (he unde\ eloped portion of our country as to
i tho present day and hour; and whereas wo believe
it is iu>tly due to t he Inl eie-^t and convenience of the
gie.it ma.ioi ity ol the people of the State? who have
always been loyal and true to tho Government that
their capital should ho located in a central position
where it will bcsecure a.viinct future attacks and de-
struction by foreign enemies, and where their Repre-
sentative^ can legislate for tho enfranchisement of
citizens, or pass such other laws as may be deemed
proper without inclining menacing threats from its
fcuuounclmg inhabitants; and whereas those who arc
oppo-ed to a eh'inue freely admit that the removal of
tho capital is oirly a question of time, and in view of
the po-.-dbihty, notto say probability of such an event,
we eonsidei it unwise and imprudent to< spend any-
more money upon public works in the District than
to complete such as have been commenced until the
question i> definitely settled . Thoreioie,
Rrio'rrd, (Ihe Senate concurring,) That the joint
committee on 1 ('construction be diiected to take the
subject under eon,;.deration, and report to Congress
by bill or otherwise for such action a-- maybe thought
proper rc.ra:dinc> the removal or permanent retention
ot the capital of the United States in the District of
Columbia.
Resolved, That the committee have leave to report
either dining the present or next session of Congress.
Mv. BROOKS. I hope there will bo no ob-
jection to that resolution.
Mr. DRiGGrS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Tho previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was referred to tho
joint committee on reconstruction.
PAVING OF PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. McINDOE submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous 1
question:
Resolved, That tho Committee for tho District of
Columbia are hereby instructed to inquire into the
expediency of paving Pennsylvania avenue with the
Nicholson pavement, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
want any such instruction given to the commit-
tee. I hope the resolution will be voted down.
The resolution was rejected.
VINDICATION 01? CIVIL EIGHTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I ask unanimous
consent, that a bill now on the Speaker's table,
being Senate bill No. 61, to protect all persons
in the United States in their civil rights, and to
furnish the means of their vindication, be taken
therefrom and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and be printed.
No objection was made.
The bill was accordingly read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF JOINT COMMITTEE.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask to have taken f?om
the Speaker's table a Senate joint resolution
making an appropriation for the expenses of
tho joint committee on reconstruction. It is
necessary to have prompt action on that reso-
lution in order that the fees of -witnesses and
other expenses of the committee maybe paid.
The title of the resolution was read, being
Senate joint resolution No. 20, for the payment
of expenses incurred by the joint committee to
inquire into the condition of tho States which
formed the so-called confederate States of
America.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Would it bo in order for
me now to move to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
TENSION APPUOPKIATtON BIf,L.
The SPEAKER stated the first business on
the Speaker's table was the concurring in the
Senate amendments to House bill No. L50, mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1807.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
The first amendment was to strike out the
word "per" and insert the words " as provided
for by;" so that the clause will read:
For revolutionary pensions and pcn?ior* of wid-
ow, children, mothers, and bisters of soldiers, as
provided foi by acts of Match IS, 1818, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert after the
words " 1862" tho words " and for compensa-
tion to pension agents and expenses of agen-
cies."
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. _ I would
like to be informed of the effect of this amend-
ment. What necessity is there for changing
the existing law in this respect? And I would
ask if it is proposed to give those agents any
additional compensation?
Mr. STEVENS. J understand that this adds
nothing to their compensation ; it only makes
it more specific.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have that clause read as it is proposed
to amend it.
It was read, as follows:
For revolutionary pensions, and pensions of widows,
children, raotheis, and rfi.-tcrs of soldiers, per ooi ot
March 38.1818: May 15.1828; June7,183* July 4,1836,
July 7.1833; Mai eh 3,18-1)5: June 17,1841; February 2;
i Julv 21, and Julv 20. 184S; Februaiy 0,1853: June 3,
I 18.!^; and July 11, 18-52, and for compensation to pen-
' sion agents and expenses of agencies, §0,800,000.
