1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2671
subject-matter haying been disposed of in the
bill we have juat passed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE KIOJ1 T1IJ3 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheesox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed,
without amendment, the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 132) to prevent and punish
kidnaping; and
A bill (S. No. 316) to establish a post route
from West Alburg, Vermont, to Champlain, in
the State of New York, and for other pur-
poses.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 59G) to authorize the use of the
metric system of weights and measures, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
CORDELIA MURRAY.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take
up House bill No. 216.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (IT.
R. No. 216) for the relief of Cordelia Murray
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Cordelia Murray,
widow of George W. Murray, of the pension
granted to George W. Murray, by an act of
Congress approved December 20,1861, entitled
"An act for the relief of George W. Mur-
1&Mr. VAN WINKLE. This bill was before
the Senate on the last day that the Committee
on Pensions had for such business, and it was
then suggested that the language was a little
obscure. I have examined the original act,
and I find that it does not disclose what the
pension shall be except by description. I move
now to amend this bill by inserting after the
word " Murray," in the fifth line, the words
"a pension equal in amount to."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate^ as
amended; the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time and passed.
JOHN HOFFMAN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (H. R. No. 205) granting a pension to J ohn
Hoffman, of Madison county, in the State of
New York, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for placing the name
of John Hoffman, of Madison countyNew
York, on the pension-roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to continue during his nat-
ural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
BETSEY NASH.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 445)
for the relief of the legal representatives of
Betsey Nash. It proposes to extend the pro-
visions of the act of Congress approved March
3, 1857, for the relief of Betsey Nash, to her
legal representatives, and to provide for pay-
ing the amount appropriated by that act to
them; but the sum paid is not to exceed the
amount due Betsey Nash at the time of her
death.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
ANNA G. GASTON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move now to take
up Senate bill No. 261.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
261) for the relief of Mrs. Anna G. Gaston. It
is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the name of
Mrs. Anna G. Gaston, of the city of Washing-
ton, widow of Albert G. Gaston, deceased, late
lieutenant in the sixteenth regiment of Vir-
ginia volunteers, from the date of the discharge
of her husland from the military service of the
United States, on account of disability arising
from disease contracted in the service, until
the date of his death, namely, from the 5th day
of May, 1863, to the 7th day of February, 1865,
and to cause to be paid to Mrs. Gaston a pen-
sion at the rate of seventeen dollars per month
for that time, without prejudice to the pension
heretofore allowed her by the Commissioner
of Pensions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
JAMES FOSTER.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to proceed
to the consideration of the House bill No. -163,
for the relief of James Foster.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. The Secretary of the Interior
is directed by the bill to place the name of
James Foster, late of the United States ship
Germantown, on the pension-roll, and pay him
the sum of six dollars per month.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move the indef-
inite postponement of that bill on account of
an adverse report. We thought the case was
not sufficiently proved.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN GORDON.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
the bill (II. II. No. 4G4) for the relief of John
Gordon.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. By its provisions the Secre-
tary of the Interior will be directed to place
the name of John Gordon, late of company G,
ninth United States infantiy, upon the pension-
rolls at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
continue during his natural life.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions of the House
of Representatives, from which it appears that
John Gordon enlisted at Saeo, Maine, on the
21st of March, 1847, under Captain Woodman,
and was placed in company G, Captain Lyman.
Bissell, ninth United States infantry, in which
he continued to serve until his return from
Mexico. He was discharged at Newport,
Rhode Island, in the summer of 1848. While
in the service and in the line of duty, in the
fall of 1847, at the city of Mexico, he com-
menced to have attacks of fever and ague,
which continued, and in the spring following a
fever and ague sore broke out on his left hand.
This continued until after his discharge, the
summer following, and unfitted him for mili-
tary duty. After his discharge the sore healed
up but left the end of the linger contracted,
bent, and stiffened, one of the fingers being
bent flat to the hand. His hand is in conse-
quence useless, and he is unable to gain a live-
lihood by manual labor. Application was
made at the Pension Bureau for a pension,
but was rejected by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions because he says it is not sufficiently
proven that the fever and ague sore was^ in
consequence of the intermittent fever. This
evidence cannot be obtained on account of the
death of the regimental surgeon who attended
him. Captain Lyman Bissell has testified that
his sore was so caused. The assistant surgeon
of the regiment was not with the regiment and
could know nothing concerning the case. The
committee deem this case a just one, and there-
fore report a bill for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Am I right that this disabil-
ity occurred in the Mexican war?
"Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Indiana
is from a fever and ague country and has lived
there a long time; and I should like to know
whether his experience and observation satisfy
him that the fever and ague is in the habit of
producing such results as are mentioned in this
report.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This is a report
from the House of Representatives. The facts
are all reported to us. The evidence of his
captain is that this sore upon the hand which
caused the total disability of the hand was
caused by the fever and ague. The reason
why the surgeon did not testify is because he
is dead, and the assistant surgeon was not with
the regiment at the time; but his captain swears
that the sore was the result of fever and ague
and that the hand was totally disabled. I do
not know what particular quality of the disease
it, is that makes the sore break out on the hand;
but I have heard of fever sores. We took the
report of the committee of the House, and sup-
posed that that was sufficient to authorize the
reporting of this bill. The matter was investi-
gated before our committee, and it was thought
very probable that the whole injury resulted
from that fever.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that I have been hearing of
ague sores all my life, although I never lived
much in an ague country. We do not have any
in West Virginia, but before I moved there they
used to have the ague in that country, and a«ue
sores were a very common result of that dis-
ease.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg to inquire of the
Senator whether it grew out of his services in
the Army.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The intermittent fever,
the fever and ague, occurred while he was in
the Army and in the service. This was a con-
sequence of that disease. The committee wore
well satisfied of that fact from an examination
of the particular evidence supplied.
Mr. GRIMES. Who supplied this evidence?
Some surgeon, as I understand, in the State of
Maine.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It is furnished by his
captain; and I believe the rules of the Pension
Office are that where the certificate of the sur-
geon cannot be procured, owing to his death
or any other circumstances, the certificate of the
commanding officer is the next best proof.
Sir. GRIMES. 1 have lived for thirty years
right on the bank of the Mississippi river, and
we have ague there, and I have had a good
deal of observation of that disease, and I con-
fess I never hoard of such a case as this before.
1 never heard of such a fever sore as the one
mentioned here. I have heard of fever sores
breaking out on the lips in little blotches, and
I have heard of white fever swellings, but I
have never heard of such a disease as this
appearing from the ague and exposure in the
Army. I move that the bill be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I hope the Senator
from Iowa will modify his motion so as to let
it go over until to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well; or recommit it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move, then, that
this bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Pensions. „
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Senator from Iowa with-
draws his motion, and the Senator from Indiana,
moves thatthebill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, That when tho Senate adjourn it bo to
meet on Monday next.
SPENOER KELLOGG.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the^
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 200)
granting a pension to Spencer Ivellogg. Tho
I Secretary of the Interior will be directed by
! this bill to place the name of Spencer Kellogg,
| of Oswego county, New York, on the roll ol
I invalid pensions, and to pay or cause to be paid
