1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1711
court is fifty miles away; the judge is fifty
miles away; the lawyer issues that writ, and on
the face of the writ it commands the officer to
attach the party.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Permit me to ask the
Senator whether a bond is required in such a
case.
Mr. MORRILL. No bond of any descrip-
tion.
Mi'. VAN WINKLE. Certainly it is an
anomaly that no bond should be required to
indemnify the party.
Mr. MORRILL. No, it is not anomalous ;
it is usual, general, and universal. That is the
very character of the writ of attachment. The
remedy, on the other hand, which the defend-
ant has is, first, to pay the debt; and, second,
to give security that the property shall be
forthcoming, to give what we call a receipt to
the officer by some responsible party that the
property shall be forthcoming on judgment.
The law is satisfied and the creditor is satis-
fied, and that is all that is ever exacted, and
that is the whole course of judicial proceedings
in all the New England States. I know that
that is not common in New York and not com-
mon to this part of the country, but I can as-
sure my honorable friend that the whole ju-
dicial experience in New England is that no
wiong evei comes from it, that no oppression
and no abuse ever come from it. But to meet
the objections that might well be anticipated
in a community where they weie not accus-
tomed to it, it will be seen that this bill pro-
coeds with very great caution. In the first
place, it does not allow the attachment to issue
at all until an affidavit is made and that affida-
vit is corroborated by testimony. It is to pro-
ceed upon the assumption of evidence of a just
debt. Then it is not to go out unless, in the
first place, the defendant is a non-resident of
the District and has property here, or, in the
second place, he is attempting to evade the
collection of his debt, or, in the third place, he
is about to move and take his property be-
yond the jurisdiction. I submit, therefore, that
if in any instance the attachment is allowable,
as on mesne process for the security of debtor
for the collection of debt, I can hardly con-
ceive that it can be better guarded than it is in
this bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I submit to the chairman
of the committee whether he ought not to allay
such apprehensions as those I indulge, even
though it may be that they are unfounded.
This question of an attachment should be sub-
milted to a judge to pass upon the sufficiency
of the affidavit and the sufficiency of the secu-
rity before such a process is issued to take a
man's property out of his hands. Here are
four judges in the District. I submit it to the
Senator himself, would it not be better to pro-
vide that before such process as this should go,
whicli is very serious in its consequences, the
case should be submitted to a judge to approve
of the security, to see that it is sufficient, to see
that a sufficient case is made out by the affida-
vit, and then if he will indorse the warrant,
let it go ; but it seems to me, the clerk of the
court is not the proper officer to judge of such
a serious question as this.
Mr. MORRILL. If my friend will allow me,
I will refer him to the proviso in this section
and see whether that does not answer his ob-
jection. If a party proceeds according to this
bill and states these facts, and the defendant
chooses to arrest the proceedings, all he has
got to do is to file a counter-affidavit and then
appeal to the judge and invoke the judgment
of the judge whether he st ands within the con-
ditions contemplated in this bill. If he does
not, the wiit is to be quashed and the attach-
ment is off. That proviso, it seems to me, as
a matter of precaution, meets any difficulty that
might be contemplated by the suggestions of
the honorable Senator.
Mr. HARRIS. An amendment may not be
exactly appropriate, but I will move to strike
out the word "without," in the third line of [
this fifth section, andto insert the word "upon j
so that the warrant shall not be issued except I
upon the authority of the judge. The section
will then read:
That writs of attachment and garnishments shall
lie issued by the clerk of the supreme court oi the
District, upon any authority or warrant from any
judge or justice, <fcc.
Mr. CLARK. I think the apprehensions of
the Senator from New York are in a great
measure groundless. I think the experience
of the States where they have had writs of
attachment shows that there is no well-grounded
objection to the bill as it stands. In the State
of New Hampshire, from time immemorial, a
man could go to an attorney of the court, sue
out his writ, have it filled out for the purpose
of attaching property, take it to the sheriff, and
have the property attached to a reasonable
amount to secure his debt, without asking the
clerk, the judge, or anybody else, and such is
the law now. No damage ever comes from it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Has not the defendant
the right to sue in case of damage to his prop-
erty ?
Mr. CLARK. Not unless the plaintiff has
done it unreasonably, and for thp purpose of
injury and mischief. If he has done it in that
way, for the purpose of oppressing the defend-
ant, for injury and mischief, with malice, of
course an action would lie; but if ho has done
it for the purpose of securing his debt, no action
lies against him. There are various ways in
which a defendant can relieve his property from
attachment, as where the officer attaches a quan-
tity of personal property, say a store of goods,
and the defendant gets some responsible parties
to say " We will take that property and be re-
sponsible,'' precisely the same as giving a bond.
Mr. JOHNSON. Wo give bail.
Mr. CLARK. We give bail for persons, not
property. In ease of the attachment of a per-
son wo have the same process that this bill
gives. A person may make an affidavit on the
back of the writ if lie apprehends that his debtor
is going without the juiisdielion, .and may ar-
rest him without going to a judge, and then the
law provides for this same method of examina-
tion before a justice of the peace or two jus-
tices of the peace, and setting him at liberty if
he is not going without the jurisdiction. But
we do not find that that works any mischief,
and it is oftentimes the means of securing a
debt that ought to be paid.
T apprehend that the reason suggested by the
Senator from Maryland why this should not bo
the law here, to wit, that the people hero are
a movable people, is one of the very reasons
why it should be the law. Here, for instance,
is a man who has established himself in this
District; he has a stock of goods, and he has
got those goods packed up and is aboutto move
out of the District; should you not attach those
goods? Should you not have some lien upon
them? The very fact that these people are
moving about from place to place is a good
reason why the attachment should issue. It
becomes a lien upon the goods. I think there
can be no objection to the bill as it stands. I
do not believe the Senator from New York
need have any apprehension from it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York to strike out the word "without,''
in the third line of the fifth section, and to insert
the word "upon."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think all that the
Senator from New York desires to accomplish
can be accomplished by inserting in the eigh-
teenth line of the fifth section, after the word
" sureties,'' the words "to be approved by the
clerk ; " so that it will read:
And shall also file hi? [the plaintiff's! undertak-
ing, with sufficient surety, or sureties, to be approved
by the clerk, to make pood all costs and damapes
which the defendant laay sustain by reason of the
wrongful suing out of the attachment.
Mr. WADE. There is 110 objection to that,
though I suppose the section means exactly
the same thing now.
Mr. HENDERSON. It does not require
that there shall'be an approval of the bond by
any one, and I suppose the plaintiff would
be left to file any sort of a bond that he in his
own judgment and discretion might regard as
good. However, as there is no objection to
tho amendment, 1 will say no more about it. -
Mr. WADE. There is no objection to it
at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator who has charge of this bill whether
an action can be brought upon the bond, in his
judgment, under the bill, in case of a dissolu-
tion of the attachment; whether the question
as to the mala fides of the plaintiff in prose-
cuting the suit is open in a suit upon the bond,
and can be_ in quired into, or whether the failure
of tho plaintiff's suit is of itself sufficient to
authorize a suit upon tho attachment bond.
Mr. WADE. I suppose it is not a question
of good faith. If the writ was honestly sued
out, and damage should accrue to the defend-
ant in conscquencc of its not being well founded,
I suppose that damages could be recovered
against him whether he really intended an in-
jury or not. I do not think it involves any
question of bad faith.
Mr. J OHNSON. The bond is to indemnify
against all cause of damage.
Mr. WADE. It is to indemnify tho defend-
ant in this proceeding if it is imprudently or
incautiously taken out. It is to secure him at
all events for any damage he may be put to in
consequence of this proceeding, if he suffers
any. That is my opinion about it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the title of the
bill was amended by adding the words, "and
for other purposes;" so that it will read:
A bill to define more clearly the jurisdiction and
powers of the supremo court of tho District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes.
DISTKICT BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the Senate
to assign a day for the consideration of busi-
ness pertaining to tho District of Columbia.
There arc a great many bills on the docket re-
lating to the District, and the affairs of the Dis-
trict. have occupied but very little of the time
of the Senate at this session. With the indul-
gence of the Senate, therefore, I move that to-
morrow at one o'clock bo assigned for the con-
sideration of business relating to the District.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the President
pro tempore of the Senate be authorized to fill
the vacancy on the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, occasioncd by the death of
Senator Foot.
Tho motion was agreed to.
HEOItGANIZATION OP JUDICIARY.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 10o) to reorganize tho
judiciary of the United States.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with several amendments. Thefirstamend-
ment of the committee was in section one, line
three, to strike out the word "July" and insert
"September;" so as to read:
That on and after the 1st day of September, 1860,
the circuit courts of the United States shall be abol-
ished, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one. line
fourteen, after the word "judge," to insert,
"may be assigned by the justice of the_ Supreme
Court for the circuit to hold a court in district
in said circuit or."
Mr. HARRIS. There is a clerical omission
of a word in that amendment. The word "any"
should be inserted before the word " district"
in the fifteenth line, so that it will read :
Any district judge may be assigned by tho justice
of the Supreme Court for the circuit to hold a court
in any district in said circuit, or may hold, kc.
