1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3631
do not ask that we should interfere with the
market for Vermont marble. It has its place
in the market, and Italian marble cannot in-
terfere with it. It is more easily worked for
indoor embellishments. Where polish is not
required it is more elegant than Italian marble.
In this whole vast structure you find the Speak-
er's, Clerk's, and Reporters' desks, some few
slabs in the Marble Room, some of thesurbases,
and some of the steps of the extension, where
the hardest stone was needed, made of Italian
marble. Further than that it does not compete
with American marble in this great structure.
Nor would it in our markets. You do not find
Italian billiard-table tops. They are made of
Vermont marble.
I do not want to dispute the excellence of
Vermont marble. It is vastly superior to that
which is quarried in my immediate neighbor-
hood, and superior for all these uses. It has its
own distinctive character, and that character is
known to the trade. Vermont marble men will
not sell one cubic footlesswit'haduty of seventy
cents than they would with a duty of one dollar.
I appeal to the gentleman himselfto say whether
there is any stock of quarried marble on hand
for sale to-day, and whether there is not always
an active demand for all the marble that can
be quarried. It is for the American artists,
it is for the men who deal in marble in our
cities that I am pleading, that they may have
'an opportunity of -buying the small quantity
they require of the stone in which they can
embody their skill in art, so that their work
may endure as that of the ancients has done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move, jpro forma,
to make it eighty. Mr. Chairm^i, this is the
first time I ever heard that Vermont marble
was not durable or not fit for monuments. I
am quite sure the gentleman from Pennsyl-
. vania [Mr. Kelley] has been misinformed by
those who have presented their claims in favor
of Italian marble. There is no marble in the
world which endures time and the weather
more perfectly than the marble of Vermont.
Now, sir, at Carrara they employ labor at
from eight to twenty cents a day. The cost of
theiivmarble per cubic foot, delivered on board
the.vessel from the lighter, is sixty-five cents.
The freight is three dollars, but for the purpose
of being liberal I will admit it may be $3 50.
Labor in the quarries of Vermont is from two
dollars and a half to three dollars a day, and
there are employed there to-day perhaps fivo
thousand men, and I assure the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] that to be
consistent with himself he is the last man to
ask us to pass a law which operates directly
against the great laboring interest, an interest
which he has harped upon from the time this
session began until the present moment. The
freight on a ton of marble from the quarries
in my district to New York is greater than
from Italy to New York.
And, six-, owing to this immensely increased
importation Italian marble is sold at a profit,
and a large profit too, at $3 25 per cubic foot,
when it costs nearly fifty cents more than that
to lay a foot of marble from Vermont in the
markets of New York and Boston, not quite
so much in Boston, for the freight is less.
I tell gentlemen who wish to protect the
laboring interests of the country that the mar-
ble business, which is one of the leading inter-
ests of my district, is now languishing, and
marble numbered two and three cannot be sold
in New York because of the vastly increased
importation of Italian marble at prices so low,
on account of pauper labor and cheap freights.
Sir, I go for protecting the labor of this coun-
try, like my friend from Philadelphia, and in
doing that, I go for protecting the marble in-
terest, which is not a manufacturer's interest
but a laborer's interest. It is simply a ques-
tion involving the protection of the poor and
laboring man. If this amendment prevails,
one of the most important interests _ in the
northern country will certainly languish and
die. I am sorry that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania wants the graves of our soldiers marked
with foreign marble. No, sir, let us put a rea-
sonable protection upon marble, and then it
will be sold at a fair price and of a kind that
will endure as long as time lasts, so that every
patriotic soldier may have a little tombstone
at his head where for generations to come those
who descend from him may go and shed a tear
over his grave, and let them be proud to see
that above his head is reared a monumental
stone from his own land. Sir, I hope the re-
port of the committee on this subject will be
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate upon
this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the Uouse No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the'Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph of the tariff
bill, in relation to marble in the rough, be ter-
minated in ten minutes after the committee
shall resume the consideration of the same.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend the motion
so as to terminate the debate in five minutes.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. Morrill's motion was then agreed to.
tariff bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state T5f the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Iwithdrawmyamend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add inline forty-
eight the words " twenty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem. ''
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say that in rela-
tion to this article, as in the ease of most others
that came before the Committee of Ways and
Means, we had information upon the subject
from parties interested; and perhaps there was
no gentleman who appeared before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means who was more en-
titled to our respect for his intelligence and
integrity than the gentleman who appeared in
behalf of this interest, and the rate that lie de-
manded was considerably higher than the rate
found in this bill.
Mr. Chairman, inrelationto this matter there
need be no apprehension but that the revenues
of the country will be increased rather than
diminished by the proposed change of the tai-iff.
Under the existing law it is fifty cents per cubic
foot and twenty per cent, ad-valorem. And it
is found practically that the ad valorem duties
upon marble are of no consequence whatever;
that the article, although sold in our market at
three or four dollars per cubic foot, is yet val-
ued abroad at sixty-five cents per foot or less.
It is only proposed to drop the ad valorem, and
to substitute therefor an increased specific. The
ljiost of the value of this article consists in the
immense labor there is in obtaining it from the
quarries. It is not Vermont alone by any means
which is interested in this article. Tennessee,
Missouri, New York, Massachusetts, Pennsyl-
vania, Maryland, and California are all inter-
ested in it. And the argument of the gentleman
fro m Pen n sylvania [ Mr. Kelley] struck m e with
peculiar delight; it was a new song from that
source. But I discovered that in repeating his
argument he stowed a very faithful memory of
what has been told him. The argument repealed
hereby that gentleman was almost verbatim, et
literatim the same that has been presented to
us by a distinguished importer now in the gal-
leries, and who has been here for the last ten .
days watching this interest.
Now, in relation to this article, we have not
reported a higher rate of duty upon it than
upon many other articles of a similar charac-
ter in the bill. It is not so large by any means
in proportion to its value as we have reported
upon free-stone, soap-stone, and other stone
of a like character. If the argument of the
gentleman is true, which I deny, it would fol-
low as a logical sequence that we ought to have
more protection upon this article. If this Ital-
ian marble is of so very much finer qgality than
any that can be produced in this country, then
it is an article of luxury, consumed by the
wealthy, and they can well' afford to pay the
tax. I trust that the bill will be allowed to
remain in this respect as it was reported. I
have nothing further to say, and will yield the
remainder of the time to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Dodge] and the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Kioe,] to be divided
between them as they please.
Mr. KELLEY. I merely desire to say in
reply to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] that if I have used the language of
the importer, for once the importer and the
manufacturer use the same language. I have
uttered the instructions given me by every
marble-worker in Philadelphia; and it was in
their behalf that I spoke.
Mr. DODGE. I hold in my hand a petition,
signed by the working men of New York city
who are engaged in manufacturing Italian mar-
ble, complaining of the excessive duty on that
article. I know nothing particularly upon this
subject. But as the petition is very short, I
will ask the Clerk to read it as a part of my
remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable the House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, D. 0.: -
The petition of the undersigned, dealers, workers,
and artists in marble, respectfully showeth:
That your petitioners cannot but regard the tariff
of one dollar per cubic foot on foreign marble in the
block or rough, as prohibitory and oppressive to all
enga-ged in the manufacture of this article.
That there is not quarried in Vermont, or elsewhere
in the "United States, any marble adaptedorthat can
be used for the principal purpose that the marble of
Italy is applied.
That the tariff of lS64hasdriven Italian marble out
of use for the many purposes to which the marble of
Vermont is now so extensively used.
That the proposed tariff therefore would bo prohi-
bition and not protection.
That the tariff now proposed would be a virtual
exclusion of Italian marble for its principal use,
namely, monuments.
Your petitioners, therefore, hope that your honor-
able body will so modify the bill now before you as
not to increase the high tariff of 1864.
k \v York, .June 30,1SGG.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I merely desire to
say in relation to this petition, which claims
that the importation of Italian marble since
the passage of the tariff of 1864 has been
greatly decreased, and may entirely cease, that
the figures which I have from the custom-house
of New York city, and which I have read to
this committee, show that since the passage
of the tariff of 1864 the importation of Italian
marble has been more than doubled.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mi-. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend so as to make the duty seventy-five
cents. It is manifest from the line of the dis-
cussion which has been had upon this subject
that there is a divided interest here. And we
are bound to look at both sides of the question in
determining the rate of duty to be assessed on
this article. The gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] who is thoroughly acquainted with
the business of quarrying marble, has very ably
presented that side of the question. The other
interest is that of the workers of marble, who
represent a very important'branch of manu-
factures in this country. They may be sup-
posed to speak with a great degree of impar-
tiality, because their labor is upon both tha
