2672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
to his„legally appointed guardian the sum^of
twenty dollars per month, until Spencer Kel-
logg shall have attained the age of sixteen
years. The act is to take effect on the 6th day
of September, 1865.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report read.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to the House
of Representatives. It appears that Spencer
Kellogg, the father of Spencer Ifellogg, the
ward of Orville C. Brown, was fourth master
of the United States gunboat Oswego, and was
captured by the enemy while in the discharge
of his duty on or about August 15, 1862, and
executed in the city of Richmond, Virginia, on
the 25th of September, 1863, by the rebels,
charged with being a spy. The muster and
pay rolls of the gunboat were lost. Congress
by a joint resolution approved June 30, 1864,
directed the name of Mary Kellogg, widow of
Spencer Kellogg and mother of the ward of
Orville C. Brown, to be placed upon the pen-
sion-roll with the pension incident to the rank
of her late husband. She died on the 6th of
September, 1805, leaving a son, the only child
of Spencer Kellogg, to wit, Spencer Kellogg,
the ward of Orville C. Brown, now about three
years of age. The committee, believing the
relief asked for by the petitioner just and right,
report a bill for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
anna e. ward.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 459) for
the relief of Anna E. Ward. It provides for
placing the name of Anna E. Ward, of the city
of Washington, District of Columbia, widow of
the late Joseph D. Ward, second Kentucky vol-
unteers, on the list of pensioners, and for pay-
ing to her the sum of eight dollars per month
during her widowhood, and in the event of her
marriage or death, then to the minor children
of Joseph D. Ward, subject to the limitations
and restrictions of the pensions laws.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment, to insert in the eighth line
after the words " eight dollars per month" the
words "to commence from ana after the pas-
sage of this act, and to continue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions in the House
of Representatives. It appears that Joseph
D. Ward, late a surgeon in company H, sec-
ond Kentucky volunteers, was, on the 22d of
February, 1847, at the battle of Buena Vista,
in Mexico, and, while in the discharge of his
duties, received three grape or canister shot
wounds, one in his breast, another fracturing
the bones of his right arm so as to render am-
putation necessary, and a third ball injured his
left arm so seriously as to deprive him almost
entirely of its use; that by reason of these
wounds he was totally disabled; and, on the
4th of February, 1865, died, leaving the peti-
tioner, a widow with two children, girls, one
eleven and the other three years of ago, and
the aged and invalid mother of her deceased
husband dependent upon her for support. The
committee deem the case a just one, and there-
fore report a bill for her relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It was read the third time
and passed.
cornelius crowley.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill fS. No. 275) for the relief of Cornelius
Crowley, was read a second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Cornelius Crowley, late a
private in company F, third regiment United
States infantry, on the pension-roll, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to continue during
his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
christina elder.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 345) for the
relief of Christina Elder. It proposes to direct
the Commissioner of Pensions to pay to Chris-
tina Elder, of the city of New York, the pen-
sion to which Jessie Elder was entitled at the
time of her death, as the mother of Lieutenant
Colonel Alexander B. Elder, tenth regiment
New York volunteers, under the provisions of
the act of Congress approved July 14, 1802.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting the following :
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby directed
to pay to Christina Eider, of the city of New York,
the arrears of pension to which Jessie Elder, mother
of the said Christina Elder and of Alexander B. Eider,
late lieutenant colonel of the tenth regiment of New
York volunteers, would have been entitled had the
certificate of W. T. Otto, acting Secretary of the Inte-
rior, countersigned by Joseph H. Barrett, Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and bearing date on the 25th day
of November, in the year 1865, in favor of the said
Jessie Elder been granted in her life-time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Is there a report in that
case? If there is, I should like to have it
read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Van Winkle, from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, on the 25th of April:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
Houso bill No. 345, entitled "An act for the relief of
Christina Elder," respectfully report:
That thesaid Christina Eider is the sister of Alex-
ander B. Elder, deceased, late lieutenant colonel of
the tenth regiment of New York volunteers, and the
daughter of Jessie Elder, also deceased, in whose
favor, as the mother of the said Alexander B. Elder,
a certificate was granted by the then acting Secretary
of the Interior to the effect that, under the provisions
of the pension act of 1862, she was entitled to receive
pay at the rate of thirty dollars per month, commen-
cing on tho 31st day of October, 1861, and continuing
during her widowhood. The said certificate bears date
on tho 25th day of November, 1865; but it appears
that the said Jessie Elder died on the 31st day of Oc-
tober, in the same year, twenty-five days previous,
in consequence of which no part of tho pension
therein mentioned could belegally?or ever was, paid
to the said Jcssio Elder or hor representatives.
It further appeals that, from tho time of tho death
of the said Alexander B. Elder until that of thesaid
Jessie Elder, which occurred in her eightieth year,
her daughter, the said Christina Elder, by the labor
of her hands, supported and provided for her infirm
and helpless mother, at an expense quite equal to
what the latter would have been entitled to receive
by virtue of tho said certificate had it been granted
in her life-time.
Under those circumstances the committee recom-
mend that tho arrears of pension which would have
been payable to the said Jessie Elder had the said
certificate been granted twenty-five days earlier be
paid to the said Christina Elder, and tor this pur-
pose herewith report an amendment of the bill re-
ferred to them as above, and recommend that the
same be adopted, and the bill so amended passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. It was read the third
time and passed.
martha j. willey.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 404) for the
relief of Martha J. Willey. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Martha J. Willey, widow of George
W. WTilley, late a corporal in company F, sev-
enth regiment New Hampshire volunteers, on
the pension-rolls, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, the pension to commence on the
18th of April, 1865, and to continue during
her widowhood ; and in the event of her mar-
riage or death, then to the minor children of
George W. Willey, subject to the limitations
and restrictions of the pension laws.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report in
that case read.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions of the House
of Representatives. The petitioner, who is the
widow of George W. Willey, corporal in com-
pany F, seventh regiment New Hampshire vol-
unteers, alleges in her petition that her late
husband was under the command of Colonel
Abbott in the late war to suppress the southern
rebellion; thathe enlisted at Dover, New Hamp-
shire, on or about the 29th of November, 1801,
and served faithfully as a soldier in that com-
pany until his death on the 18th of April, 1805.
It is further alleged that he was a reenlisted
veteran, and enlisted in the field at Fernandina,
Florida, on the 29th of February, 1864. The
Government gave as a gratuity thirty days' fur-
lough to those who reenlisted. Willey wis
taken sick with congestion of the lungs before
the termination of his furlough, and died at
Dover, New Hampshire, on the 18th of April,
1865. The committee find the facts fully sus-
tained by the proof, and report a bill for the
relief of the petitioner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
mrs. rebecca irwin.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 291) granting a pension to Mrs. Rebecca
Irwin, was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Sccrctary of the Interior to place the
name of Mrs. Rebecca Irwin, widow of Archi-
bald Irwin, late a private in battery C, first
Rhode Island light artillery, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
return of a bill.
Mr. MORRILL. With the permission of the
Senator from West Virginia, I should like to
offer a resolution requesting the return of a bill,
which was passed under a misapprehension,
from the House of Representatives. It will
take no time.
Retolwd, That the Secretary bo directod to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Senate
the bill of tho Senate No. 305, to amend an act enti-
tled "An act concerning notaries public for the Dis-
trict oi Columbia," approved April 8,1864.
The report in that case was for the indefi-
nite postponement of the bill, but by- some
mistake or other it has been passed.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
mrs. joanna winans.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 493) granting
a pension to Mrs. Joanna Winans. Its pur-
pose is to require the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Joanna Winans,
mother of George W. Winans, late an acting
assistant paymaster in the United States Navy,
on the roll of naval pensioners, at the rate of
twenty dollars per month, to continue during
her widowhood.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, in line eight, after the
word "widowhood," to insert, "the said pen-
sion to be paid out of the naval pension fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
report in this case.
The Secretary^ read the report of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions in the House of
Representatives. It appears that George W.
Winans, the son of the petitioner, was an act-
ing assistant paymaster in the United States
Navy. On the 23d of May, 18G4, he received
a'leave of absence for one week from Fleet Cap-
tain A. K. Pennock. At Mound City, on the
day of the expiration of his leave of absence,
and when going on board the steamer Black
Hawk, and before he had formally reported, he
was accidentally drowned. The proof is \ery
conclusive that the petitioner was at the time
of the death of her son, and still is, a widow
