1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ifl3
mittee, but lie has sent for tliem and cannot
find them.
Mr. HARRIS. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that he allow us to go
through the bill now and he can offer those
amendments afterward in the Senate.
Mr. HOWE._ But there was one of the
amendments which I think should come in here,
providing for a stay of proceedings in criminal
eases.
Mr. CLARK. That can be offered in the
Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section at this point the following:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That cases pond-
ing in any circuit court on the said 1st day of Sep-
tember upon appeal or writ of error shall be trans-
ferred to the proper court of appeals, and shall be
heard and determined by such court according to the
provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section (ten)
fourteen, to strike out the word "circuit" be-
fore "courts'' in line two, and to strike out
the words "at the first session thereof" after
the word " shall" in lino two ; in line four to
strike out the words "time and" before "man-
ner;" in lino four, to strike out "making"
and insert "taking;" in lines five and six, to
strike out the words "and may prescribe the
terms and conditions upon which (he same may
be made;" and at the end of the section to add:
"For this purpose special terms of said courts
of appeals shall be held in the several circuits
at the places hereinafter mentioned, on the
first Tuesday of September, 1800;" so as to
make the section read :
Sec. [10] 11. And be it further enacted, That the said
courts of appeal shall, respectively, adopt such rules
as they may deem proper to regulate the manner of
taking such appeals. They may also establish such
other rules as they may deem necessary for the regu-
lation of the practice of their respective courts, and
may from time to time alter and revise the same.
Fortius purpose special terms of said courts of ap-
Eeals shall be held in the several circuits, at the places
ereinahcr mentioned, on the lirst Tuesday of Sep-
tember, IStiG.
Mr. ROWE. Let me inquire of the Senator
from New York if it is the intention of the bill
to restrict the power of these courts in making
rules to this particular time.
Mr. HARRIS. No. The Senator will no-
tice in the eighth and ninth lines the words
" and may from time to time alter and revise
the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section (eleven)
fifteen to strikeout all after the enacting clause
of the section, in the following words:
That the final judgment of a district court in any
criminal action may be reviewed by the proper cir-
cuit court of appeals upon a writ of error. _ Such writ
may bo allowed by any judge of the circuit court of
appeals, but fetich writ of error shall not operate a • a
stayof proceedings unless itis so ordered by the judge
who allowed the same.
And in lieu thereof, to insert:
That an appeal may bo taken from the final judg-
ment of a district court in any criminal action to the
pioper court of appeals within ninety days after the
entry of such judgment, liut such appeal shall not
operate as a stay of proceeding, unless it is so ordered
by ajudge of the court. The judgment or decision
upon such appeal shall be remitted to the district
court to be eniorccd according to lav/.
Mr. HOWE. Let mc suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York if it would not be proper
to make an amendment there, in the ninth line
perhaps, so as to insert after the word "ap-
peal" the words "except in capital cases."
Mr. HARRIS. That is a question that has
been discussed somewhat. For myself I have
no choice about it. There is no doubt the
judgment would be stayed if there was any sort
of question about it.
Mr. HOWE. The right of appeal is given
absolutelybythesection, but if tlie judge should
take it into his head that the appeal was friv-
olous, he might not order a stay of proceedings.
Mr. HARRIS. If the man was executed,
the appeal would not do him any good.
Mr. HOWE. That is very clear.
Mr. JOHNSON. The appeal, as I under-
39TJI COXO. ISTSK.^.—No. 108.
stand it, is given absolutely, and if the punish-
ment is death, it certainly ought not to be in
the power of the judge to say whether the ap-
peal should supersede the execution of that sen-
tence or not. Would you grant an appeal and
permit a judge to have the man hung in the
mean time ? Is that right ?
Mr. HARRIS. It is done; a writ of error
is often allowed without a stay.
Mr. JOHNSON. It seems to me it would
be better to deny the right of appeal altogether
than to tell a party who is under sentence of
death, " You may appeal, but you maybe hung
in the meantime unless the judge interposes."
Mr. HARRIS. It may be a question wor-
thy of consideration whether a man sentenced
to execution should in all cases be allowed an
appeal and then a stay.
Mr. JOHNSON. But that strikes at the
bill altogether. There is no appeal, now, in
cases of that sort in the United States courts,
but it always seemed to me to bo right that
there should be an appeal in cases of that
description. It cannot make much difference
to the public whether the man is hung to-day
or hung six mouths hence. The ease can
always be disposed of in that time. But if
you permit the bill to stand as it is, where the
judge thinks the man ought to be hung, he
will not interfere, and when the man is hung
the appeal falls as a matter of course. I con-
cur with the Senator from Wisconsin in think-
ing an exception ought to bo made of capital
cases.
Mr. HARRIS. The question is this, whether
in all capital cases the party convicted shall
have an appeal as a matter of right to operate
as a stay of proceedings, perhaps for a year,
for this court is to sit but once a year, without
submitting the question to a court or a judge
whether there is any probable cause for such
stay. If the amendment suggested be adopted,
that will be its effect. On the other hand, if
the section is left as it is, unless the party con-
victed satisfies some one of five or six judges
that there ought to bo a stay of proceedings he
may be executed before he can have the case
heard on appeal. That is the way it stands.
Any one of five or six judges, whatever num-
ber (here may be in the circuit, may stay pro-
ceedings. if a man cannot satisfy any one of
them that there ought to be a stay, I think his
chances very poor on the appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON. It seems to mc the proper
way to avoid that would be to make the appeal
dependent on its allowance by some one judcie.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is not the case
here.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is not the case
here. The case here is one in which we give
the appeal absolutely, and then we do not pro-
vide against what may happen very often, that
a man may be hung pending the appeal. If
it be improper to give the appeal absolutely,
the proper mode to guard against the mischief
that may result from a provision of that de-
scription would be to make the appeal itself
dependent on the allowance of the judge in
capital cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill is in precise
accordance with the practice in the State of
Illinois. We allow appeals in criminal cases
in that State; but in order to obtain a suspen-
sion of the judgment of the court, the party
appealing must satisfy some justice of the
supreme court that he has reasonable cause
for the appeal, and then lie indorses on the
record an order to stay proceedings. That is j
the practice in my State. In all capital cases j
where the day is fixed for the execution, it is
always some day more or less remote from the |
day of entering the judgment. In the moan j
time the parly, if he desires to take his case j
to the supreme court, obtains a copy of the ■
record and presents it to some judge of the I
supreme court. If the judge thinks there is I
probable ground for taking the appeal, he in- '
dorses on it an order staying proceedings. That
isthepreciseproceedinghere. However, I think
i if the Senator from New York will look at the j
I language he will see that it is not quite clear but i
that it would require this order to be nisSe by
the judge of the district court who trie'd the
case. I will read the section :
That an appeal maybe talien from the final judg-
ment of a district court in any criminal aetionto the
proper court of appeals within ninety days after the
entry of such judgment. But such appeal shall not
operate as a stay of proceeding unless it is so ordered
by tho judge of the court.
What court? A judge of the court of ap-
peals I suppose is meant. If that language
w^ero inserted I think it would be precisely
right, for it seems to me that the result of al-
lowing an appeal to operate as a supersedeas
in every capital case might be to postpone the
execution in every case for a year, because this
court of appeals will sit but once a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the harm?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps there may be
no harm; but the objection to it is that it is
not usual—I know it is not in my State; I do
not know how it may be in others—to fix so
remote a day for the execution of persona
charged with capital offenses. Of course after
conviction they would not be out on bail, but
they are confined in the county jails, and they
are not, perhaps, the best places for the con-
finement of parties. The result would be in
every capital case, the party would take his
appeal and would be confined there for a year
or more. If it i s thought advisable by a general
law to declare that no capital execution shall
take place within a year, be it so ; but it seems
to mo this whole thing being an innovation, no
appeal now being allowed at all, it is taking
quite a step in advance to allow a stay of pro-
ceedings in those eases where any judge may
be found who will indorse upon the record that
there is probable cause for theappeal. Thatcer-
tainly extends to the convicted party a privi-
lege which he did not have before, and I think
it is going far enough to begin with. If we
find* it does not operate well we may extend
the time afterward.
Mr. HARRIS. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Illinois 1 move to
amend the amendment by inserting the word
"appellant" before "court" in the tenth line.
The amendment to tho amendment waa
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to move an
amendment here against the judgment of the
committee which reports this bill. One reason
is because T am not exactly prepared to decide
what terms I would couch the amendment in,
but I do not see the propriety of giving to all
defendants in criminal cases absolutely a right
of appeal, and yet making it discretionary with
the judge whether the appeal shall be of any
use to him, as it certainly is discretionary with
the judge if the defendant is sentenced to death
and may be executed before the appeal can be
tried. If this section did what the Senator from
Maryland suggests, made tho right of appeal
itself to depend upon the discretion of the ap-
pellate court, or ajudge of the appellate court,
then it would be sensible, and the two pro-
visions would be in harmony with each other.
But on the question of appeal the judge has no
discretion whatever. On the question whether
the appeal shall be of any benefit to the de-
fendant the judge has full disciction.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. I think the Senator from
Wisconsin can readily conceive of cases, even
capital cases, where a party could have tho
benefit of appeal without a supersedeas. It
will often happen that convictions take place
throughout the United States within a few days
of the assembling of the court of appeals, some-
times cases where the party could have his
appeal tried before the day fixed for execution.
In all other eases, not capital, the court could
lake ud the case and try it at any time while
the party was undergoing sentence.
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedly in many cases
the judge would order a stay of proceedings.
It does not follow, if this amendment is not
made, that every defendant who is scntenccd
to death and takes an appeal will be liung
before his appeal is tried. 1 concede that very
readily; but whether the statute should be so
framed as to make it possible that any defend-
