•1866.]
•IPPEMX TO THE 'CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
233
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
he enters upon the execution of his office, shall take
the following oath or affirmation: 'I do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the
office of President of the United States, and will, to
the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution of the United States.'"
"The President shall be Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
militia of the several States when called into the
actual service of the United States." -
" He shall take eare that the laws be faithfully
executed."
Those words are not many, but they are
comprehensive and explicit, and, in my judg-
ment, they are all that -were necessary or
intended to meet the great exigence that came
upon the country in 1861. How and by whom
is such an exigence to be met? What is the
oath of you, sir, as a member of this body and
of every member of each House ? All of us
swear to support the Constitution. May the
Lord have mercy upon us for the manner in
which some of us have disregarded that oath I
What is the oath of the President? That he
will faithfully execute the office of President
of the United States, and will, to the best of
his ability, preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of the United States. The mem-
bers of Congress are simply to support the
Constitution; the President is to preserve, pro-
tect, and defend it. He is to fight for it. When
it is assailed, it is his duty to wield all the mili-
tary power with which the Constitution and the
laws of Congress have intrusted him for its
preservation, its protection, and its defense.
If the execution of the laws is obstructed
without force of arms, force of arms cannot be
intervened to have them executed, or to aid in
their execution. It is only when the authority
of the Government and the due execution of
its laws are resisted by arms that'arms can be
interposed for the purpose of putting down the
resistance and enforcing the execution of the
laws. And who is to interpose the arms? Not
Congress. Congress has nothing to do with
wielding the military power that may thus be
properly invoked. Who is to do it? The
President. That is his duty by the Constitu-
tion, made so by plain language. He is to
execute the office of President of the United
States faithfully; that is, to perform all the
duties devolved upon him by the Constitution
and laws. He shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed; and to do this, when it be-
comes necessary, he must apply and direct the
military power of the United States. He is to
preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of the United States; and to do this, when it
is assaulted by men in arms, he, as Commander-
in-Chief, must repel the assault by the Army
and Navy, and the militia of the States raised,
provided, and called into the public service by
laws passed by Congress. That is the aid which
Congress is to afford him, and that is the only
part which it can take in this grave business.
The act of 1793 was the first that was enacted
to carry out the provisions of the Constitution
for suppressing insurrections, &c. It was found
defective, and in 1795 another and a more com
plete act was passed. In 1861, after the insur-
rection had broken out, Congress took up the
subject again and passed a more elaborate and
probably a better considered law, in which the
provisions of the act of 1795, so far as they
related to the subject of insurrections, were
I will read a clause from the law of
July 29, 1801, drafted, as I understand, bj' the
late Senator Collamer:
"That whenever, by reason of unlawful obstruc-
tions, combinations, or assemblages of persons, or
rebellion against the authority of the Government
of the United States, it shall become impracticable,
in the judgment of thePresidentof theUnitedStates,
to enforce bythe ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ing the laws of the United States within any State
or Territory of the United States, it shall be lawful
for the President of the United States to call forth
the militia of any or all the States of the Union, and
to employ such parts of the land and naval forces of
the United States as he may deem necessary to enforce
thefaithful execution of the lawsof theUnitedStates
or to suppress such rebellion, in whatever State or
Territory thereof the laws of the United States may
be forcibly opposed, or the execution thereof forcibly
obstructed."
That is a most proper and constitutional
provision. It limits itself to the occasions and
the exigencies of resistance by force to the ex-
ecution of the laws of the United States, or a
rebellion, which is a great insurrection against
the authority of the United States.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan says that Congress is the conqueror, and
that the people of the rebel States who were
subdued by our arms and who capitulated and
acknowledged obedience to the authority and
laws of the United States occupy the position
of a conquered people; and as such are sub-
ject to Congress, the conqueror.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will pardon me for a very brief interrup-
tion, I should be glad to lay before the Senate
a very high authority upon that particular
point.
Mr. DAVIS. You can do that at your
leisure after I shall have concluded.
Mr. HOWARD. It is no less an authority
than Andrew Johnson, who adopted the prin-
ciple in a deliberate speech made in this body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky,
who is entitled to the floor, declines to yield.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, my principle
is to support Andrew Johnson when he is right
and to oppose him when he is wrong, and that is
the principle upon which I practice in relation
to all Presidents and all parties and all Admin-
istrations ; but I will procced.
How can Congress be the conqueror of the
southern States? Is Congress .clothed by the
Constitution with any military power? Not
a particle. It is invested with the power to
declare war, but not to declare war against a
State or any portion of the people of the United
States, but only against foreign nations. Such
is the plain meaning of the Constitution and
the ruling of the Supreme Court. That posi-
tion is conceded by all American statesmen.
The war power of Congress has no applica-
cation whatever to the suppression of insur-
rection or rebellion, except merely to exercise
the legislative power to raise and support
armies, to provide a Navy, and to call forth
the militia and to raise the necessary supplies
to enable the President to suppress the insur-
rection and see that the laws are faithfully exe-
cuted. That fulfills the whole power and duty
of Congress in the suppression of insurrection
and rebellion; the consummation of the work
belongs to the President, and not by the au-
thority of Congress, but the Constitution.
I concede that when the United States is
invaded, when a State or a portion of the peo-
ple are in a state of insurrection, when there
is such domestic violence in a State as requires
the protection of the United States, to decide
when the state of facts amount to either of
those conditions does not appertain to the
President as "Commander-in-Chief," and is
nowhere given to him by the Constitution;
yet he is invested with that high discretionary
power.
How, then, does he get it? By the act of
Congress. First, by the act of 1793; second,
by the act of 1795; and lastly, by the act of
July, 1861, in the section which I have read.
Whence the authority of Congress to invest
the President with this power ? Here it is in
these few words of the Constitution :
" Congress shall have power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of tne
United States or any Department or officer thereof.
Mr. President, these provisions of the Con-
stitution and of the laws of Congress have been
before the Supreme Court, and have been con-
strued by the final arbiters, organized by the
Constitution, after the maturcst consideration.
I will refer, first, to the case of Martin vs. Mot-
ley, 12 Wheaton. It came up to the Supreme
Court from the State of New York. The Pres-
ident had made a call on the Governor of that
State for a militia force. Martin had been
enrolled and ordered by the proper military
authority to report at the place of rendezvous,
but failed. The powers of the President, the
duties of subordinate military officers to obey
his orders, and the effect upon the militiamen,
all arose as questions in the case, and the court,
in the opinion, say:
"If we lookatthe languageof the act of 1795, every
conclusion drawn from the nature of the power itself
is strongly fortified. The words are, 'whenever the
United States shall be invaded or be in imminent
danger of invasion, &c., it shall be lawful for the
President, &c., to call forth such Bumber of the mili-
tia, &c.  as "he may judge necessary to repel such
invasion.'"
That is a quotation from the law. Here is
the reasoning of the court:
" The power itself is confided to the Executive of
the Union, to him who is, by the Constitution,4 the
Commander-in-Chief of the militia, when called into
the actual serviceof the United States,' whose duty it
is to 4 take care that the laws be faithfully executed,*
and whose responsibility for an honest discharge of
his official obligations is secured bythe highestsanc-
tions. He is necessarily constituted the judge of the
existence of the exigency in the first instance, and
is bound to act according to his belief of the facts.
If be does so act, and decides to call forth the railitia,
his orders for the purpose are in strict conformity
with the provisions of the law, and it would seem to
follow as a necessary consequence that every act
done by a subordinate officer, in obedience to such
orders, is equally justifiable. The law contemplates
that, under such circumstances, orders shall be given
to carry the power into effect, and it cannot, there-
fore, be a correct inference that any other person has
a just right to disobey them. The law does not pro-
vide for any appeal from the judgment of the Presi-
dent, or for any right in subordinate officers to re-
view his decision, and in effect defeat it. Whenever
a statute gives a discretionary power to any person, to
be exercised by him upon his own opinion of certain
facts, it is a sound rule df construction that the stat-
ute constitutes him the sole and exclusive judge of
the existence of those facts. And in the present case
we are all of opinion that such is the true construc-
tion of the act of 1795. It is no answer that such a
power may be abused, for there is no power which
is not susceptible of abuse."
In precise accordance to the judgment, of the
Supreme Court in that case was its ruling in
the case of Luther vs. Borden, which arose
out of the Dorr rebellion in Rhode Island. -I
will read one or two short passages from that
opinion. Speaking of the act of 1795, the
court say:
"By this act, the power of deciding whether the
exigency had arisen upon which the Government of
the United States is bound to interfere, is given to
the President. He is to act upon the application of
the Legislature or of the Executive."
That is, when there is domestic violence in
a State, as was the case then in Rhode Island.
"And consequently he must determine what body
of men constitute the. Legislature, and who is the
Governor, before he can act."
This principle, as the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Svmner] said some
time ago, in relation to another matter, runs
in several directions. It is an important prin-
ciple. It has a multiform application; and it
may receive other and more important appli-
cations in the course of events. I do not know
that it will. I hope there will be no necessity
for it. If there should be, I have no knowl-
edge that it will be exercised ; although it
ought, and might be with the plainest sanction
of the Constitution, and the highest consider-
ations of duty and patriotism operating upon
the President.
" The fact that both parties claim the right to the
government cannot alter the case, for both cannot
be entitled to it. If there is an armed conflict, like
the one of which we are speaking, it is a case oi do-
mestic violence, and one of the parties must be in
insurrection against the lawful government. ^ And
the President must, of necessity, decide which is the
government, and which party is unlawfuliy^arrayed
against it, before he can perform the duty imposed
upon him by the act of Congress."
What was the decision of the President in
that case? He decided that the old charter
government of Rhode Island was the true and
legitimate government of the State; that the
Governor, under that charter government, was
the true and legitimate executive Chief Magis-
trate of that State. He decided that the Dorr
government was spurious • that the election of
Door under it, and every attempt to set up and
organize a government under the Don- consti-
