1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2673
iri destitute circumstances j and for -several
years lias been wholly dependent upon him for
support.
The hill was reported to the Senate aa
amended, and the amendment was concurred j
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill j
to be read a third time, it was read like third
time and passed.
jank d. brent.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 208) granting a pension to Jane D.
Ikent was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
for placing the name of Jane 1). Brent, of
Detroit. Michigan, widowof Thomas Lee Brent,
late a captain in the Army of the United States,
on the pension-roll, at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per month, until her marriage or death,
and after either event the pension is to be con-
tinued to Mary Brent, daughter of Thomas Lee
Brent, if then under the age of sixteen years,
until she attains that age.
Mr GIUMES. Let us hear the report read.
The Secretaryread the followingreport from
the Committee on Pensions submitted by Mr 
van wixkle on the 2d of May :
The Committee on Pensions, to whoa was referred
the petition of Jane 1). Brent, respectfully report:
That it appears thatCaptain Thomas L. Brent, the
late husband of the petitioner, entered the Army of
the United States, from West Point, in 1835, and re-
mained therein until his death, which occurred at
Fort Leavenworth on the 11th of January,1858, hav-
ing been in active service in the wars in Florida and
Mexico. The petitioner, in March last, applied to
the Commissioner of Pensions to have her name
placed on the pension-roll as the widow of Captain
Brent, accompanying her application with satisfac-
toiy proof of her identity, mariiage, and continu d
widowhood; but owing to the want of positive prouf
that her husband died of a disease caused by his ser-
vice in war, as required by the act of July 21,1848, in
order to enable her to obtain a pension under that
act, her application bns been suspended by the Com-
missioner, and she has been advised to apply to Con-
gress for relief.
The committee find in the papers submitted to them
strong prcsumptiveevidcnccthat Captain Brent died
of disease contracted in active service in the line of
his duty in Mexico, during the continuance of the
war with that country. Bievet Colonel and Surgeon
John M. Cuyler, of the United States Army, certifies
that he was one, and the senior, of the medical offi-
cers who were with Captain Brent during his last
illness, and that the disease of which he died was
chronic pleurisy. He adds, "There is no doubt, I
imagine, he was in the discharge ot his official duty
when seized by the disease that eventually termi-
nated his life."
Major Lewis Cass, jr., certifies thathe wasstationed
at Meer during the fail of 1847, and at Monterey in
the succeeding spring, as inspector general, and was
then in frequent communication with Captain Brent,
whose health was notgood, which thecaptain "justly
and correctly" ascribed to the climate of Mexico;
that, his health continued to grow worse, and not
unfrequently incapacitated him for duty, and he
complained of weakness and debility, with difficulty
of breathing. Major Cass thinks his disease was
pleurisy, and adds that Captain Brent's habits were
temperate and regular.
It is evident that Captain Brent's disease was con-
tracted while in the service of the United States. He
ascribed it, at a time when he could have no. motivo
to dcceivc, to the climatc of Mexico; and as the war
with that rountiy was then in progress, and he was a
conspicuous actor in it, having been, as the commit-
tee are informed, brovcttcd acaptain for gallant and
meritorious servicesjit Buena Vista, there is hardly
room for doubt that the disease of which be died was
directly caused by his service in the Mexican war, in
the line of his duty.
The committee therefore report a bill granting a
pension to the petitioner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JANE E. MILES.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 290) granting a pension to Jane E.
Miles, was read the second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
for placing upon the pension-roll the name of
Jane E. Miles, of Somcrsworth, New Hamp-
shire, widow of William 1). Miles, late a lands-
man in the naval service of the United States,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, from the
22d day of March, in the year 1805, to con-
tinue during her widowhood; the pension to
be paid out of the naval pension fund.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 1G8.
sarah j. i'ukcell. '
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill j
(S. No. 31-1) for the relief of Sarah J. Purcell. >
was read the second time and considered as in ;
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct !
the Secretary of I he Inteiior to place the name i
of Sarah J. Purcell, widow of Charles W. Pur- '
cell, acting captain of artillery, ou the pension- [
roll, at the rate of twenty dollars a mouth, from
the 27th day of September, 1804, to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KUTII ELLEX GKELAUD.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 72) for the relief
of Ruth Ellen Grclaud, widow of John II. Gre-
laud, deceased. Its purpose is to direct, the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Ruth Ellen Grelaud, widow of John H. Gre-
laud, deceased, late a captain of artillery in
the United States Army, upon the pension-list,
at the rate of the half pay proper lie was enti-
tled to at the time of his death, commencing
on the 17th of August, 1857, and to continue
during her life or widowhood.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Committee on
Pensions have made an advei'se report on this
bill, and I move that it be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
mrs. sally axdrews.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. 11. No. 462)
granting a pension to Mrs. Sally Andrews. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Sally Andrews, of Buxton, York
county, Maine, widow of the late Elisha An-
drews, quarter gunner on board the Levetta
Adams, on the pension-list of invalid pension-
ers. and pay or cause to be paid to her the sum
of eight dollars per month during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
mrs. harriet b. crocker.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 826) granting a pension to Mrs.
Harriet B. Croclce'r, was read a second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by the
billtoplaeethenameofMrs. HarrietB. Crocker,
mother of Henry B. Crocker, late a private in
company G, one hundred and fifteenth regi-
ment Ohio volunteer infantry, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from the 4th of October, 1862, and
to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the* Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mrs. katharine t?. winslow.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 327) granting a pension to Mrs.
Katharine F. Winslow, was read a second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Mrs. Katharine
F. Winslow, mother of Cleveland Winslow, late
lieutenant colonel of the fifth New York Vet-
eran volunteer infantry, on the pension-roll, at
the rate of thirty dollars per month, to com
mence from the 7th of July, 1864, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
mrs. abigail ryan.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 328) for the relief of Mrs. Abigail
Ryan was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mrs. Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan,
late a sergeant in company E, seventeenth regi-
ment West Virginia infantry volunteers, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of eigL, dollars per
month, to commence from the 27th of March,
186">, and to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr.WILLEY subsequently entered amotion.'
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed.
margaret kaetzel.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 329) for the relief of Mrs. Margaret
Kaetzel, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It8
purpose is to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place upon the pension-roll the name
of Mrs. Margaret Kaetzel, widow of Nicholas
Kaetzel, who was a civilian employed in the
service of the United States at the arsenal at
Columbus. Ohio, and that she be paid a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from the 5th of April, 1865, and to
continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engx-ossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
isabella stubbing.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, tho
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. 11. No. 434) for
the relief of Isabella Strubing. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Isabella Strubing, widow of private Damon
Strubing, deceased, late of company E, forty-
sixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, on tho
pension-roll, and pay or cause to be paid to her
the sum of eight dollars per month from the
30th of May, 1804, and to continue during her
widowhood, and in the event of her death or
marriage, to the minor children of Damon
Strubing until they shall have attained the age
of sixteen years.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report in
that case.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions of the House
of Representatives. By the evidence in the
case it is proved that Damon Strubing, the hus-
band of the petitioner, when en route with his
regiment, on veteran furlough, after having
reenlisted, and while passing through Louis-
ville, Kentucky, on the 2d of January, 1864,
fell and broke his left hand. Having partially
recovered the use of his hand he obtained per-
mission from the surgeon who attended him to
return to his regiment, which was then at Dal-
ton, Georgia. Strubing, by direction of the
lieutenant colonel of his regiment, whom he
met on his way, reported to Surgeon James
Bryan, then in charge of the United States
general hospital at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.
Surgeon Bryan gave him a certificate showing
that he was, by reason of the injury in his hand,
unfit for duty, and also gave him permission to
return to his home, at Reading, Pennsylvania.
On the 80th of May, 1804, while riding in a train
of the Pennsylvania railroad the train ran off'the
track and broke a number of cars. Strubing
being one of the passengers had his leg badly
shattered, and was also severely burned and
scalded, from the effects of which he died in a few
hours afterward. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions declines to place the name of his widow on
the pension-roll in the absence of a certificate
from a commissioned officer of his company
showing that at the time of his death he was in
the line of his duty, which cannot be obtained.
The committee are of the opinion that the case
comes within the spirit and intent of the act
granting pensions to the widows of deceased
soldiers, and therefore recommend the passage
of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
maria sypiiax.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, the bill (S. No.
321) for the relief of Maria Syphax was read
