650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
stitution, and iri a knowledge of the rights of
tHeir fellow-citizens, to adjudicate upon these
questions. It -will probably be reposed in the
hands of men who for party, sinister purposes,
may use it as agents of that bureau are now
using it in the South, to make slaves of these
people—the only vestige, 1 believe, that is left
m- some of those States of that institution, so
far as requiring the services of this people, can
Tbe found in some one of the established bu-
reaus down there.
What, sir, is the history of this question?
What do we find here to-day? We find the party
that is pressing this bill invading the rights of
the South, invading the States, invading our
homes and our firesides, by officers unknown
to the Constitution, and by authorities unwar-
ranted by the Constitution. We find it done by
the party which throughout the late terrible civil
conflict professed to be for the Constitution and
for the Union, and to be fighting to restore that
Constitution and Government to its original
purity. They professed that whenever there
was no longer an enemy in the country the war
ought to cease—that it was prosecuted in no
spirit of vindictiveness but only to maintain the
authority of the Federal Constitution and the
laws, declaring all the time that the States
were still in this Union and that there was no
power by which they could go out; even de-
claring that any man or any set of men who
advocated the doctrine that they could go out
of the Union were guilty of a high crimo. We
find on the other hand J off. Davis and his party
down South claiming the right to secede from
this Union and to set up a government for
themselves. And now when the war is over
and the power and authority of the Federal
Government are exercised from one end of
the country to the other, unfortunately for the
country these parties have changed sides. Davis
and his friends now claim all the rights and
privileges under the Constitution ; that their
States could not go out; that there is nothing
but successful rebellion that could take them
out. And we now find this party of the North
declaring, by their action at least, that the
eleven rebel States are out of the Union.
Sir, I cannot change backward and forward
to suit these extreme parties. I stand where 1
stood at the commencment of this conflict when
I declared to the people of my State that 1 did
not intend to be driven into secession, did not
intend to be driven by this party or the other
paity from the Constitution 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRINNELL obtained the floor.
Mr. GRIDER. I a-k that the gentleman
have a few minutes to finish his speech.
Mr. GIUNNFLL., The gentleman was only
going to occupy half an hour when he began.
Several Members. Let him go on.
Mr. GRINNELL. ] have no objection if it
does not come out. of my time.
Mr. Ur.rOT. 1 object.
The SPliAKER. The Chair was informed,
not being here on Saturday, that by arrange-
ment with the Speaker pro tempore the gentle-
man was to speak but half an hour; but the
Chair did not regard that, aud allowed the gen-
tleman to occupy an hour.
Mr. 'HUMBLE. I will add but a very few
remarks.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield for five minutes.
Mr. TIIIMBLE. I have thus stated my con-
stitutional objections to this bill, and I think
that I am sustained by that instrument in every
single point that I make in opposition to it; and
I appeal to my friends who love this Union,
who love it for all the memories of the past,
who love it because it has protected them and
theirs; I appeal to them to pause and reflect
before they press this measure upon these peo-
ple: for I toll you that, in my judgment, the
effects of the provisions of this bill to us as a
nation will not be told in our lifetimes. If
legislation of this character is to be pressed
here, I awfully fear hope will sink within us.
Our love for this Union and desire for its resto-
ration will be greatly weakened and e.-tran'red.
I earnestly hope that this class of legislation
will cease, that crimination and recrimination
shall cease, and that all parties shall meet here
like brothers standing upon the same broad
platform of the Constitution, demanding for
each and every section of the country every
right they have under that instrument.
Sir, I have no animosity in my heart against
South Carolina, or against Maine, or against
Massachusetts. I cannot forget Lexington or
Bunker Hill, and every right which I claim for
Kentucky I would yield to Massachusetts, and
I demand it for South Carolina, and those other
States that have no voice here to-day, whose
country is now desolated from one end to the
other, and whose widows and orphans are now
appealing to Heaven that they may be protected
in this hour of trial. We have a right to de-
mand that laws which operate upon on one sec-
tion of this country shall operate equally upon
others. That is all 1 ask, that is all I demand,
and while I live I will claim that right for my
State and every other'State.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill
now under discussion has been carefully con-
sidered by the committee on the Freedmen's
Bureau, of which I have the honor to be an
humble member; and I will say, a s. preliminary
to the remarks which I desire to make, that I
have been very much surprised at the course of
certain gentlemen representing especially the
State of Kentucky. I do not wonder that that
State desires to stand well before the country
as a patriotic and noble Commonwealth; but
I cannot forget when I hear these extravagant
claims set up here that her Govern or, in the first
year of the rebellion, refused to honor the call
for troops made by the President of the United
States in our darkest hour; nor can I forget
that when her soldiers wished to organize regi-
ments they were obliged to cross the Ohio river
into the State of Indiana, that they might organ-
ize them free froln the interference of the power
of Kentucky neutrality. That is a fact in his-
tory, and I cannot overlook it when gentlemen
here arraign the President of the United States
because he has seen fit to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus in the State of
Kentucky.
Sir, I differ with the gentlemen in reference
to the course of the President of the United
States in that regard. 1 have a profound admi-
ration for his course in suspending that writ in
old Kentucky as well as in South Carolina. I
believe it ought to be suspended; that its res-
toration would bring anarchy and bloodshed.
1 should like to ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky who last addressed the House why he has
any objections to its being suspended there?
Mr. TRIMBLE. To-day?
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, to-day.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Certainly I have. I do not
think the Constitution warrants its suspension
in anv part of the United States, now that the
rebellion is at an end.
Mr. GRTNNELL. Then the gentleman from
Kentucky is opposed to the Attorney General,
who is also from the State of Kentucky, and the
President of the United States, who is from the
State of Tennessee. I hope he will reconcile
that with the fact that he is now professedly
par excellence one of the friends of the Presi-
dent.
I know this, sir, that men from the northern
States doing business in Kentucky are now being
indicted and tried by the courts of that State,
because they were acting under the military au-
thority of the United States; and there would
be no freedom for the loyal people of Kentucky
to-day but for the suspension of this writ. And
now, gentlemen from that State, five or six of
them, are opposing this bureau. They dislike
its operation, the presence of schools and real
courts of justice, yet were not so unwilling that
twenty-five thousand of these men whom we
now propose to protect, the negroes, should
come in and save the whites from the draft.
Th e gentleman knows that twenty-five thousand
negroes went from Kentucky in place of white
men, and that those who are alive, with their
families, are poor, unprotected in their rights,
and mostly homeless. I
And what does the gentleman now propose
to mete out to this class and spare the G overn-
ment the infamy of their neglect? The Ken-
tucky Legislature has just been in session. It
remained in sessionlongenongh, I am informed,
to vote out every man who was elected as a
Union man whom it was possible to rub out on
tbe ground of military interference in the elec-
tions. They have, I hear, so constituted the
Legislature that the traitor Breckinridge can be
elected to the United States Senate sooner than
an undoubted Union man could be. I suppose
these facts are perfectly notorious.
Yet the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Trimble] says that the laws of Kentucky are
honorable, just, and suited to the condition of
that State, but does not give, what I waited to
hear, illustrations. I charge that they are mon-
strous and damnable laws, such as would be a
dishonor to the most barbarous nation on the
face of the earth, and I regret to apply the
sound political maxim that no State or nation
is better than its laws. I would ask the gen-
tleman why the Legislature of Kentucky at its
late session did not change or amend those
laws, so that they might show that there was
honor in the Kcntuckian heart, that they were
willing to mete out justice to all men? As the
gentleman gives me his attention, I will wait
for a reply if he has one to make.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I would bo happy to reply
to the gentleman if it did not interfere with his
remarks.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire an answer; and,
shall not regard it as an interference with my
remarks, as I am speaking without a manuscript.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Will the gentleman repeat
his question?
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman says the
laws of Kentucky are honorable, just, and suited
to the condition of the people of that State. I
ask that gentleman why Kentucky has not re-
pealed or amended or changed her barbarous
laws?
Mr. TRIMBLE. What barbarous laws?
Mr. GRINNELL. Those against the loyal
black people of the State. For instance, that
law which makes it a penal offense for a man
who has worn the Government uniform and
fought our battles to go into that State.
Mr. TRIMBLE. As I understand, the Legis-
lature of Kentucky is still in session. And so
far as I am concerned, and I know it is the
desire of every member of the party I represent
in Kentucky, I desire that that State shall pro-
vide to meet the altered condition of things,
and do justice to every white man and every
black man in Kentucky. I can tell the gentle-
man the reason it has not yet been done. They
have not had time ; they have been in session
only some three or four weeks, and matters of
very great importance have been before them.
But I have no doubt the Legislature ivill do full
justice to all classes of her population ; and so
far as I am concerned, I am willing to do it
to-day. Kentucky will not be driven.
And having answered the gentleman, I de-
sire to say that I do not wish to have any per-
sonal dispute with him. But it would seem
that his remarks could be construed into some-
thing of that kind.
Mr. GRINNELL. My questions are per-
sonal, and could not be otherwise.
Mr. TRIMBLE. And your denunciations
of the State of Kentucky, were they personal?
Mr. GRINNELL. I was denouncing wrong
and oppression and wickedness and crime.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Does the gentleman intend
those denunciations to apply to me?
Mr. GRINNELL. Not to the gentleman,
personally, but to the State that he is defend-
ing here. And not only himself, but his col-
leagues, who do the same here day after day.
The Legislature of Kentucky has been in
session for two months, and I have it from
the best authority that every Union man elected
to the Kentucky Legislature that it was possi-
ble for them to turn out under any pretext they
have turned out of thai body. Now, let us see
what are the laws of Kentucky, which are so
just and honorable and equitable. And when
