2674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
a second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to release and
confirm to Maria Sypnax, her heirs and as-
signs, the title to a piece of land, being part of
the Arlington estate, in the county of Alexan-
dria, in the State of Virginia, upon whieli she
has resided since about the year 1826, bounded
and described as follows, to wit: beginning
' at the intersection of the south line of said
Arlington estate with the center line of a small
run, said point of intersection being about one
fourth of a mile from the southwest corner of
said Arlington estate, running thence westerly
along said south line seven chains and forty
links ; thence in a northeasterly direction, on
a line making an angle of thirty-five degrees
with the said south line, twenty-two chains
and thirty-eight links ; thence at right angles,
in a southeasterly direction fifteen chains and
sixty-seven links to the said south line of the
Arlington estate ; thence westerly along the
said south lino of the said Arlington estate
nineteen chains and ninety-two links, to the
place of beginning, containing seventeen acres
and fifty-three hundredths of an acre of land,
be the same more or less.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Mew York, the chairman
of the Committee on Private Land Claims,
what are the grounds on which this bill is
placed.
Mr. HARRIS. The person named in this
bill is a mulatto woman. She was once the
slave of Mr. Custis. Mr. Custis at the time
she married, about forty years ago, feeling an
interest in the woman, something perhaps akin
to a paternal instinct, manumitted her, and
gave her this piece of land. It has been set
apart to her, and it has been occupied by her
and her family for forty years. Under the cir-
cumstances, the committee thought it no more
than just, the Government having acquired
title to this property under a sale for taxes,
that this title should be confirmed to her.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from New
York be good enough to stale in whom the title
runs?
Mr. HARRIS. The title runs to this woman
and her heirs.
Mr. MORRILL. That is satisfactory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 596) to authorize the
use of the metric system of weights and meas-
ures was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
will be referred to the select committee on
that subject when appointed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. COXXESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution Xo. 77. It will not occupy a mo-
ment of time.
Mr. CRIMES. What is the title of it?
Mr. COXXESS. A joint resolution for the
relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan
Cornish for carrying the United States mail
from Boise City to Idaho City,"in the Territory
of Idaho. It will not occupy a moment.
Mr. GRIMES. This day was devoted, by an
order of the Senate, to the consideration of
pension bills,, and there are a great many Sen-
ators not present who ought to be here when
these questions that are now proposed to be
taken up are called up. It seems to me thai
at this stage of the day we had better proceed
to the consideration of executive business, of
which we have a great deal to do ; and 1 there-
l'oro make that motion.
Mr. COXXESS. I think that is very unkind
in the Senator. This joint resolution has been
considered by one of the standing committees
of this body." It is a House resolution. It was
firstpassedby the House, afterbeing considered
by a committee of that body, who made a re-
port upon it, It then came to this body, and
was considered here by ono of the standing
committees of the Senate and reported by it.
If the Senator desires that no other business
shall be considered to-day, and is in a hurry to
adjourn, and will put it on that ground 
Mr. GRIMES. I have this to say: in the
estimation of the Senator there is nothing in
this resolution, or very little; but if he had
been here<ts long as I have, he would have
discovered that on the same claim and in the
same manner we have passed little bills intended
to appropriate money for the carrying of the
mails, that, in one instance, in a case at Louis-
ville, amounted to §1,500,000 before we got
through with it; and in another case, on the
upper lakes, where we supposed, at the time
we passed the bill, it only amounted to some
eight or nine thousand dollars, it amounted to
between one and two hundred thousand dol-
lars. I do not know anything about the mer-
its of this resolution, and I do not feel at this
time as though I was capable of undertaking
such an investigation as I would wish to make
into it, after the experience I have had on this
subject.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is very much
frightened by his experience on this subject.
I am very sorry that a bill of the kind de-
scribed by him ever passed this body while
the Senator, usually so watchful, was in his
place. I should not think that such a bill
could possibly pass his vigilance. But I beg
him to believe that this resolution does not
contain a claim for $100,000, nor any respect-
able fraction of that sum. The parties who per-
formed the serviceare here, and have been wait-
ing patiently and anxiously. The services have
been long performed and paid for by them. The
resolution simply authorizes the Postmaster
General to pay as much as he shall find and
ascertain to be their due, after it has been fully
and completely investigated. The committee
recommend an amendment which relates to a
similar claim already passed by this body, but
not yet acted upon by the House of Repre-
sentatives, I believe. Now, although this day
has been devoted to pensions, certainly nearly
all the .Senators are in their seats, and there is
sufficient time—for it is not yet half past three
o'clock—to examine this resolution. I hope
we shall proceed with it. It will not occupy
a moment of time.
The PitESIDIXG OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that motion will
not be carried under the circumstances.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Iowa
withdraw it for a moment?
Mr. GRIMES. Vote it down if you do not
want an executive session.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 13 ; and, after some
time spent in'the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened.
COMMODORE THOMAS TURNER.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senate to
take up Senate bill No. 251, for the relief of
Commodore Thomas Turner.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Commodore Thomas
Turner $6,741 out of any prize money in the
Treasury, in full for his claim to share in the
prize money realized upon the condemnation
and sale of the vessels Cherokee, Aries, and
St. John.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state that upon
this subject there is a difference between the
court at Boston that ordered the condemnation
of these three vessels and the Department, the
court holding that the commodore is entitled
to his prize money, and the Department not so
holding. The committee think he ought to
have the prize money along with the rest of the
officers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FRANCIS A. GIBBONS.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
considerthe bill (H. R. No. 386) for the relief
of Francis A. Gibbons. It directs the Secre-
tary o|j|the Treasury to pay the sum of $503 19
to Francis A. Gibbons, being money paid by
him for property purchased at a quartermaster's
sale in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, on the
15th of February, 1863, under the direction of
Colonel Belger, assistant quartermaster, which
was not delivered to the purchaser.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what that case is. Is there a report?
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a House report
accompanying the bill. The bill has already
passed the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator explain
what it. is ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply state that
Mr. Gibbons purchased at a quartermaster's
sale, in the city of Baltimore, a certain num-
ber of bushels of damaged corn. He paid for
the corn before its delivery, and when the corn
was measured out to him there was not as much
corn as he had purchased and for which he had
paid by $500. The proof is clear and con-
clusive on the subject. He has paid to the
United States S500 of money for which he
received no equivalent. He simply asks the
Government to pay him back that amount of
money.
The bill was passed.
SAMUEL STEVENS.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the WThole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 300) to authorize Samuel
Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian, to enter and
purchase a certain tract of land in the Stock-
bridge reservation, Wisconsin. The hill au-
thorizes Samuel Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian,
to enter and purchase the tract of land known
as lot No. 126, in the Stockbridge reservation,
in the county of Calumet and State of Wiscon-
sin, under the "act to authorize the issuing
of patents for certain lands in the town of
Stockbridge, Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses,'' approved March 3.1865. It also directs
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
uj)on the entry and payment therefor, to cause
a patent, in due form of law, to be issued to
Samuel Stevens, in conformity with the act
above mentioned.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May IB, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
FOREST CULTURE.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
licsolved, That in view of the almost complete ab-
sence of woods and forests in the interior regions of
the continent, and of their paramount importance
in the settlement and occupancy of the country, the
Committee on Public Lands be directed to inquire
whether a system cannot he devised whereby the
planting of woods and forest* may be encouraged in
regions destitute of timber by liberal donations of
public lands m alternate sections to individuals or
corporations, and the reservation of the adjuiningscc-
tions by the Government at an increased price, as in
the case ot railroad grants; the lands so granted, or a
proportional part theieof, to be planted with trees
adapted to the climate and the needs of the com-
munity.
COINAGE, WEIGHTS, AND MEASURES.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Jlesohed, That three hundred extra copies of tho
