1714:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
anWtaiglit be put to death pending an appeal
given to him by law from one court to another,
is the question. That will be the effect of the
law if the section is passed as it is reported. I
do not think such a law ought to be put on the
statute-book. It may never operate harshly in
any given case, but the committee evidently
contemplate that a case may arise in which a
man may take an appeal to which you give him
a legal right, tCnd yet be hung or put to death
before the appeal can be tried. If you give
him an appeal, I think you should allow liim
to live until the appeal is tried. If you think
appeals are liable to be abused, then give them
only in the cliseretion of the judge.
Mr. CLARK. I agree entirely with the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. I think that in favor
of life, the words "except in capital cases"
should be inserted. If a man has a suit about
property the court may deny a stay of proceed-
ings, and still he may go on and have the trial
of his appeal and be rectified in the court
above; but if he is tried for his life and the
proceeding is not stayed, and ho is executed,
what becomes of his appeal? You thus give
more consideration and favor to property than
you do to life. I do not quite like, as a law-
maker, to put on the statute-book a law of this
kind without exception, saying that the judge
shall have power to let the man go to execu-
tion, notwithstanding his appeal, and be exe-
cuted before he can be tried. 1 would rather the
mail should live and have the sccond trial. If
he be confined in jail for six or eight or ten
months or a year, so much the more is it in
favor of life.
Mr. J OHNSON. In Massachusetts they keep
him a year anyhow.
Mr. CLARK. So in Maine ; a man cannot
be executed until a year has passed. When I
had given a man the right of appeal to save
his life, I would not say that any judge should
refuse him the benefit of that appeal and have
him hung by the neck before the time came for
the trial of the appeal. It seems to me little
better than a mockery of the appeal. I think
the words should be inserted.
Mr. DAVIS. The regulation of the State
of Kentucky is nearly similar to that of Illinois,
as explained by the Senator from Illinois; but
the matter of appeal is simplified in the State
of Kentucky by the provision of our law. An
appeal cannot be taken there unless with the
permission of one of the judges of the court of
appeals, and I suppose that would be the effect
of tliese two provisions taken together. The
right of appeal seems to be granted in one sec-
tion, and in another section it seems to be pro-
vided that the appeal can only bo had upon the
condition that a judge enters upon a copy of
tin; record that there shall be an appeal. It
seems to mo that if the bill were referred back
to the Committee on the Judiciary who I sup-
pose are properly the committee to take charge
of this subject, and if they were to simplify the
proceeding cither by granting a general right
of appe.'il without regard to the order of an ap-
pellate judge, or only allowing an appeal on the
condition that that record shall first be exam-
ined by an appellate judge, and the appellate
judge enter on the record that the appeal should
be granted, it would bo best.
I have not read the bill with sufficient care-
fulness to know whether an appeal is given to
the United States or not. Where there is a
judgment in favor of the accused in the State
of Kentucky, an appeal is given to the State;
but the effect of that appeal is not to reverse
the judgment of the court below, but simply
to decide what the legal piineiple involved in
the appeal is. The acquittal of the accused
remains irreversible, is not the subject of re-
vision, but the principles of law settled in the
case are fixed. I should suppose the bill ought
to be as simple and perspicuous in its meaning
as practicable. I think both of the^e matters
ought to be provided for in the same section:
first, whether the accused shall be entitled to
the right of appeal, and second, whether that
appeal shall be had only upon the condition of
n. judge of the court of appeals oertifvinu upon
the record that it is a case in which an appeal
ought to be allowed.
Mr. CLA11K. I do not see any necessity for
sending the bill back to the Judiciary Commit-
tee. It seems to me the matter may be reme-
died by inserting the words "except in capital
cases" after the word "appeal" in the ninth
line ; and I move that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendments were in section (twelve)
sixteen, to strike out the word "circuit" before
"court," inline two ; to strike out "each," in
line two, and insert "the several;" after "cir-
cuits," in lino three, to insert "except the
tenth;" in lines three and four, to strike out
"Tuesdays of April and October" and insert
"Tuesday of May;" in line ten, to strike out
"Columbus" and insert "Cleveland;" and
after "San Francisco," at the close of the sec-
tion, to insert:
The terms shall behold annually on the first Mon-
day of June. Adjourned terms may also be held in
any circuit from time to time as in the judgment of
the court the public interests shall require.
The amendments were agreed to; and the
section, as amended, reads as follows :
Sec. [12116. And belt further enacted, Thattermsof
said court of appealsshatl he held in the several judi-
cial circuits, except the tenth, on the first Tuesday
of May, in each year, and at the following places :
ill the first circuit, in the city of Boston; in the sec-
ond circuit, in the cily of New York; in the third
circuit, in the city of Philadelphia; in the fourth cir-
cuit, in the city of Laltimore; in the fifth circuit, in
the city of Savannah; m the sixth circuit, in the
city of Louisville; in the seventh circuit, in the city
of Cleveland; in the eighth circuit, in the city of Chi-
cago; in the ninth circuit, in the city of Saint Louis;
and in the tenth circuit, in the city of San Francisco,
the terms shall be held annually on the first Monday
of June; adjourned terms may also be held in any
circuit from timo to time as in the judgment of the
court the public interests shall require.
The next amendment was, in lino two of
section [thirteen] seventeen, to strike out the
word "circuit" before "court; " in line eight
after "sum" to insert "or value;'' and at the
end of the section to insert the words, "the
judgment or decision shall bo remitted to the
proper district court to be enforced according
to law; " so as to make the section read :
. Sec. [13] 17. And be it further enacted, That the de-
cision of the court of appeals upon que-rions of fact
shall in all cases bo final and conclusive; butareviow
upon tho law may bo had upon writ of error or ap-
peal, in tho manner now provided by law, to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, from every final
judgment or decrcc rendered upon any decision of a
court of appeals where the matter in controversy ex-
ceeds tho sum or value of $10,000, or where the adju-
dication involves a question updh tho construction
of the Constitution of the United States, or any treaty
or revenue law of the United States, or whero the
court shall certify that the adjudication involves a
legal question of sufficient importance to require that
tho final decision thereof should be made by the Su-
preme Court. Such writ of error or appeal shall be
sued out or taken within one year after tho entry of
the judgment or decree sought to be reviewed. The
Supreme Court may affirm or modify or reverse the
judgment or deciee brought before it for review, or
may direct judgment or decree to be rendered, orsuch
further proceedings to be had as the j ustice of the ease
may require. The judgment or decision shall bo re-
mitted to tho proper district court to bo enforced
according to law.
The next section remains without amend-
ment, as follows;
SfiC. [14] 18. Andbe if, further enacted, Thatcnmmis-
sioners who have been appointed by any circuitcourt
m any distnet. by virtue of any act of Congress, shall
be deemed commissionersforthedistrictcourt ofsueh
district, and tho several district courts shallhereafter
have the samepowersto appoint and remove commis-
sioners as have heretofore been possessed and exer-
cised by the circuit courts.
The next amendment was in lino three of
section [tifteen] nineteen to strike out tho
word "circuit" before " court;" so as to make
the section read:
. Sfic. [15] 19. And be it further enacted, That any
judge who shall, in pursuance of the provisions of
this act, attend any court of appeals at any place other
than his own residence, shall bo allowed his reason-
able expenses for travel and attendance, to bo certi-
fied by the clerk and paid by the marshal of the dis-
trict in which such court shall be held, and allowed
to him in his accounts with the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last section of the bill is not proposed to
be amended. It is as follows:
Sue. rwi 20. And he i, further r.uirted. That the
clerks of said courts of appeals and the marshals
attending the same shall be allowed the same com-
pensation tor their services, respectively, as are now
allowed by law to the clerk of tho Supreme Court of
the United States and the marshal of the District of
Columbia for similar services, and shall have the
like remedies for collecting the same.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the committee have all been acted
upon except the one passed over at the request
of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HARRIS. I suggest that that be acted
on now, and the Senator from Wisconsin can
propose any amendment to it when we go into
the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; that maybe acted on.
I have no amendment to be suggested there.
The amendment was in section [nine] eleven,
line ten, after the word "decree" to insert
"upon the questions of law and fact arising
upon the record;" and in line eleven to strike
out the word "or" after "affirm;" so that the
clause will read:
Upon such appeal the court shall review such
judgment or decree, upon the questions of law and
fact arising upon the record, and may affirm, modify,
or reverse the same, or may order a new trial or such
other proceedings to be 'had in the proper district
court as shall be just.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill by
adding to it as a new section :
And be it further enacted, That after the 1st day of
September next, the State of Wisconsin shall be an-
nexed to and constitute a part of the eighth circuit.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection.
Mr. CLARK. It ought to b'e in a separate
bill.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that I shall get
a separate bill. I will say that the only purpose
in the world I have in offering the amendment
is for the better convenience of suitors in the
State of Wisconsin.
Mr. HARRIS. What circuit arc you in now?
Mr. HOWE. The ninth circuit. -Itscourts
of appeals arc required to bo held at St. Louis,
and in the eighth circuit the courts of appeals
arc to be held at Chicago. It will be much
more convenient for us to attend the appellate
court at Chicago than at St. Louis.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill in
section one, line sixteen, after the word "or"
by inserting "such district judge or justice of
the Supreme Court for the circuit;" so that the
clause will read :
Any district judge may be assigned by the justice
of the Supreme Court, for the circuit to hold a court
in any district in said circuit, or such district judge
or justice of the Supreme Court for the circuit may
hold such court upon the request of the judge of tho
district in which tho same is to be hold.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose an amendment to
be added at the end of the first scction :
And the clerk of any such district court may, with
the approval of the court, to be entered of record,
appoint a deputy who in case of the death or resig-
nation of the clerk may perform the duties of clerk
until another shall be appointed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer this amendment to
be added to the end of the second section:
The application to the State court for such re-
moval shall be deemed to have been made in time,
if tho petition therefor is filed in the proper clerk's
office at any time within twenty days after service of
the declaration, complaint, or first pleading on the
part of the plaintiff or party instituting the prose-
cution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment in scction eleven, line eleven, after the
word "record," to insert "and any interme-
diate order involving the merits and neces-
sarily affecting the judgment or decrcc;" so
that the clause will read;
Upon such appeal the couit shall review such judg-
nient or decree upon the questions of law and fact
arising upon the record, and any intermediate order
involving the merits and necessarily atfeeting the
judgment or decree, and may affirm, modify, or re-
verse the same, or may order anew trial, orsuch other
proceedings to be had in the proper district court as
shall be just.
The amendment was agreed to.
