3684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
property so taken or detained as aforesaid, or shall
aid or assist therein, sueh person shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable to such
punishment as is provided by the twenty-second sec-
tion of the act-for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, approved the 30th da,y of
April, 1790, for the willful obstruction or resistance
of officers in the service of process.
Seo. 68. And be it further enacted. That the fiftieth
section of an act passed June 30,1864, entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," is hereby repealed: Provided, That
any case which may have been removed from the
courts of ahy State under said fiftieth section to tho
courts of the United States shall bo remanded to the
State court from which it was so removed, with all
the records relating to sufeh cases, unless tho justice
of tho circuit court of the United States in which such
suit or proseeutionis pendingshall boot opinion that
said ease would bo. removable from tho court of tho
State to tho circuit court under and by virtue of tho
sixty-sixth section of this act. And in all cases which
may have been lcmovedirom any court of any State
under and by virtue of said fiftieth section of said act
of Juno 30,1S6-1, all attachments made, and all bail
or other security given upon sueh suit or prosecution,
sliall.be and continue in full force and effect until
final judgment and execution, whether such suit shall
bo prosecuted to final judgment in the circuit court
of tho United States or remanded to the State court
from which it was removed.
Sec. 69. And be it further enacted. That whenever a
writ of error shall bo issued for tlie revision of any
judgment or decree in any criminal proceeding where
is drawn in question the construction of any statute
of the United States, in a court of any State, as is pro-
vided in tho twenty-fifth soctiou of an act entitled
"An actto establish the judicial courts of the United
States," passed September 24, 17S9, the defendant, is
charged with an offense bailable by the laws of such
State, shall not bo released from custody until a final
judgment upon such wi it, or until a bond, with suili-
eiont sureties in a reasonable sum, as ordered and
approved by tho State court, shall be given: and is
the offense is not so bailable, until a final judgment
upon the writ of error. Writs of error in criminal
cases shall liavo precedence upon tho docket of tho
Supremo Court of all cases to which tho Government
of tho United States is not a party, excepting only
such eases as tho court, at thoir discretion, may do-
cido to be of public importance.
The committee of conierenco further recommend
that tho words "by tho collector," in lino nineteen,
p.igo 140, ill tho text of the engrossed bill, bo stricken
out.
W. P. FfiSSENTlRN,
P. (!. VAN WINKLE,
JAMES (illTlimii,
Managers on the part of the Senate
S. HOOPER,
W. li. AM JSQW,
e. II. WINFI1JLE>,
Managert> on the part of the House.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It' any
gentleman wishes to make any inquiries I will
endeavor to answer them.
Mi\ STEVENS. I desire to ask whether
anything was done with tho very important
provision giving the right of trial by jury in the
cases of charges of fraud. There is no way
now provided to try the parties except by the
Commissioner.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Tlie Sen-
ate struck out the provision and tho House
receded from its disagreement to the Senate's
amendment.
Mr. S I'EVENS. Well, sir, that was one of
the most important provisions in the bill, a
most vital one as regards the justice of the bill,
and I am astonished that the House should
recede from it.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts. Upon con-
sulting with the Commissioner of internal Rev-
enue, the committee thought there was sufficient
provision on that subject in another part of the
bill.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Are you prepared to have
that part of the section which the Senate struck
out read? All now depends upon the exam-
ination and decision of a single man.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The opin-
ion of the Senate committee—and the House
committee concurred with them finally upon
explanation—was, that if these cases were all
to go into the courts they would be so crowded
that we would never get along with them at all;
the cases would never b<^decided.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask to have the portion
proposed to be stricken out read.
1 he Clerk read as follows:
And in addition to other provisions of law, when-
ever traud has been <a shall be alleged as to any list
or return, and the party charged with fraud shall
make denial of the same in writing and shall demand
9-bearing thereon, aDd shall tender to the assessor of
tno proper district a bond with two or more sureties
Payable to the United States in a sum not less than
double the amount of the tax assessed because of sueh
alleged fraud, and conditioned that such person will
abide by the orders and judgments of the court before
whom such ease shall beheard,and will pay whatever
sum maybe adjudged against him, for tax, and also all
cost that may be adjudged against him, and upon tho
approval of such bond bysuch assessor it shall be the
duty of such assessor to transmit to the district attor-
ney of the United States for the district within which
such collection district is situate all the papers in the
case, and it shall also be the duty of said district at-
torney to immediately institute in the proper circuit
or district court of the United States a suit'for the
recovery of the tax assessed because of sueh alleged
fraud, and the same shall be prosecuted to judgment
as in other cases; and such cases shall have prece-
dence over other civil eases on the calendar, of sueh
court. And until final judgment all proceedings by
the assessor and collector shall be suspended: and in
ease of seizuro of property, the property seized shall
bo released upon the approval of the bond herein
provided for; but nothing herein contained to affect
m any manner proceedings by indictment as pro-
vided by law.
Mr. ALLISON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,]
I will say that this provision was inserted by
the House with a view to transfer 'a class of
cases to the courts of the United States before
the tax was collected, which is a novel provis-
ion in our revenue system, there feeing no pro-
vision in any State law or Federal law by which
the tax-payer, before the tax is collected, can
go into the courts and litigate these questions.
Parties aggrieved now have their remedy by
appeal to the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, and also have their remedy against the
Government of the United States, or against
the proper officer. I believe that that was a
just and proper provision in cases of fraud;
and I supported it in the House ; but the Sen-
ate insisted that if that provision was incorpo-
rated into the law we never could collect the
taxes, and the result would be that in the course
ot six months or a year the courts of the Uni-
ted States would be lumbered up with these
casesrfit fraud so that no cases could bo tried
in our courts under our present judiciary sys-
tem. Yielding to the Senate in that view, we
consented to strike out this provision because
of the difficulties in its administration.
. STEVENS. Thegentteman Is mistaken
m supposing that there is no provision now for
trying questions before the tax is paid. 1 had
one last summer — a case of a bank which
claimed the right to onosixthof one per cent.—
which I appeared to defend. The court decided
that tho decision of the officer here was wrong,
and the banks saved that much. It is only in
eases under the revenue law that there is the
provision to which the gentleman refers. Now,
how does the matter stand ? A man is charged
with fraud in his return, say of distilled whisky.
\\ ho tries liiui? Tho assessor. Tho law, as
it now stands, puts the.whole adjudication of
the question in the power of the assessor of the
district, without remedy and without appeal.
1 know a case in my own district whore the
assessor took evidence on both sides and sur-
charged a distiller some sixty-two thousand
dollars. Since the death of the man who was
thus charged, it turns out that three of tho wit-
nesses were guilty of perjury. But he had no
retnedj'. I asked the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, " What is tho remedy?" He
replied, "AgainsttheUnitedStates." "Must
not his property bo first seized and sold?"
_ u ncloubtedly," " Then when the man brings
his suit for damages, if he succeeds, does he
recover the full amount of the property seized
sold, or only the amount of the tax?"
Only the tax." I know a case where prop-
erty was seized of the value of $130,000 for a
tax of §41,000, and sold for the amount of the
tax. Now, not a dollar can be collected be-
yond the $41,000. In other words, a fraud is
charged, the assessrnentis made to any amount
that the assessor chooses, it is decided by him
without appeal, and the only remedy of the
party is to sue the officer after the property is
xt" om and sold.
In ow, no gentleman can deny that that is ex-
actly the condition of the law as it now stands
everywhere. I have taken some pains to ex-
amine this subject, and I find nothing but what
1 have stated. I say it is an outrage upon the
rights of the people of this country, for it is
taking from them their property without trial
by jury. The provision which the House put
in the bill, and which it is proposed to strike
out, provided that bail should be given to
double the amount, not only of what should be
found against him, but for all the costs that
might be incurred; and only in that ease should
the proceedings be suspended. In my judg-
ment, to leave the law as it is now would be
one of the greatest outrages ever committed
upon a civilized people. 1 cannot believe that
the people of this country will endure such
legislation as that. If it be in order I would
move that the report of the committee of con-
ference be rejected.
The SPEAKER. The same object would
be accomplished by voting to non-concur in the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. STEVENS. If the report is non-
concurred in, can the House ask for another-
committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. That would then be in
order.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope the report
will not be concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say simply that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue ap-
peared before the committee of conference
and stated that the case referred to by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] was the only case pending in the
revenue department where such a difficulty
existed; that they had had no difficulty in ad-
justing all the other cases at the office of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue or the office
of the Secretary of the Treasury. For that rea-
son the committee of conference assented to
striking out this_provision, not desiring to em-
barrass the collection of the revenue for the
purpose of protecting the one, or perhaps two
or three cases in as many years.
Mr. STEVENS. If there were only one o?
two cases, what becomes of the difficulty of
lumbering the courts with cases ?
Mr. ALLISON. This provision permits any
person assessed to transfer the case at once to
the courts of the United States, without going
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue or
the Secretary of the Treasury. It places it in
the power of the men who are compelled to
pay taxes to transfer these cases at once to the
district or circuit courts of the United States
for the very purpose of delay and no other. It
is tho abuse of the provision by making up
fictitious cases that would burden our courts
with this class o-f suits that could be settled in
an hour by application to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, whose duty it is to revise
the acts of his subordinates.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say to the gentle-
man that it is provided that the party shall go.
before the assessor and present bail to hfs sat-
isfaction before he can ask to have the ease
transferred.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Delano.]
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, a revenue
hill of this sort, in order to be efficient, must
necessarily provide stringent measures; for
without them it will not accomplish the object
which is sought. The committee of confer-
ence, as I understand, have reported in favor
of an amendment striking out the provision,
under which a party deeming himself over-
taxed_ could, on giving bonds, have his case
transferred at once to the courts for adjudica-
tion. It must be apparent to the House that
if we should insist upon retaining that provis-
ion, our courts would be overburdened with
suits growing out of tax assessments, and the
collection of the revenue would be greatly em-
barrassed. The party is not without a remedy
as the law now stands. Though he may be
forced to pay, lie can bring suit afterward to
correct any error or fraud that may have been
practiced upon him. I think it would be ex-
ceedingly bad policy, as a revenue measure, to
adopt the provision which was inserted by this
House and which has been stricken out by the
conference committee.
