1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2675
report on a uniform system of coinage, weights, and
measures be printed for the use of the committee
making the report, and one thousand for the use of
this House.
The SPEAKER. This resolution will jbe
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
PROTECTION OF Till] FRONTIER.
Mr. BURLEIGH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a. bill to provide for the better pro-
tection of the frontiers of the United States
and Territories thereof; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
PRETENTION OF KIDNAPINQ.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on the
Judiciary, for consideration at the present
time, Senate bill No. 132 —an act to prevent
and punish kidnaping.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
bill, after which the Chair will ask for objec-
tions, if any.
The Clerk read the bill, which provides that
if any person shall kidnap or carry away any
otherperson, whetliernegro, mulatto, orother-
wise, with the intent that such other person
shall be sold or carried into involuntary servi-
tude or held as a slave ; or if any person shall
entice, persuade, or knowingly induce any
other person to go on board any vessel or to
any other place, with the intent that he or she
shall be made or held as a slave, or sent out
of the country to be so made or held, or shall
in any way knowingly aid in causing any other
person to be held, sold, or carried away, to
be held or sold as a slave, he or she shall be
punished, on conviction thereof, by a fine of
not less than five hundred nor more than five
thousand dollars, or by imprisonment, not ex-
ceeding five years, or by both of said punish-
ments.
The second section provides that if the mas-
ter or owners, or person having charge of any
vessel, shall receive on board any other per-
son, whether negro, mulatto, or otherwise, with
the knowledge or intent that such person shall
be carried from any State, Territory, or dis-
trict of the United States, to a foreign country,
State, or place, to be held or sold as slave, or
shall carry away from any State, Territory, or
district of the United States any such person,
-with the intent that he or she shall be so held
or sold as a slave, such master, owner, or otlier
person offending shall be punished by a tine
not exceeding five thousand nor less than live
hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not ex-
ceeding five years, or by both of said punish-
ments. And the vessel on board which said
person was received to be carried away shall
be forfeited to the United States.
There being no objection the bill was ordered
to a third reading, and was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EUIDQU AT UOL'SE'i? POINT.
On motion of Mr. HULBURD, by unani-
mous consent, Senate bill No. 31G, to estab-
lish a post route from West Alburg. Vermont,
to Champlain, in the State of New York, and
for other purposes, was talftn up from the
Speaker's table and considered.
The bill was read. It declares the railroad
bridge at Rouse's Point, connecting the Og-
densburg and Lake Champlain railroad and
the Vermont and Canada railroad, a lawful
structure, to be known as a post route, and in
place of the present float it authorizes the con-
struction of suitable draws.
Mr. LB BLOND. That bill, I believe, has
not been before the proper committee. It con-
tains a very important feature, and 1 think it
had better be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mi. IIULBURD. If my friend will allow
me, I will state that this has been before the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and examined by them, and they are willing
that it should take this direction. I will like-
wise state that there is great urgency for the
passage of this bill, inasmuch as these men
must either renew tiie float at once or put in a
draw, and it is necessary that they should know
what to do.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not understand that
this bill comes into the House from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
They may possibly have examined it, but they
have not given in a report on the measure.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say for the information
of the gentleman that this bill was carefully
considered by the Committee on Post Oflices
and Post Roads in the Senate, and passed die
Senate unanimously. It has been ieferred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads in the House, and was partially con-
sidered in that committee, and the judgment
of the committee was expressed favorably in
regard to it.
I will say further that it is deemed by the jj
parties in interest to be of great importance 11
that the bill should pa<--s at the present time. Ij
It will be sometime before our committee will
be called, and I told the gentleman from New I;
York [Mr. Hulbuf.d] that our committee would jj
have no objection to its passage. That is the i;
position so far as the committee is concerned
in regard to this bill. jj
Mr. LE BLOND. I withdraw my objection, |j
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and ij
was accordingly read the third time and passed, jj
Mr. IIULBURD moved to reconsider the i:
vote by which the bill was passed: and aLo 1
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid ;
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ij
Mr. THAYER. I call for the regular order i'
of business. j
UErOItM SCHOOL IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of the committees for ,
reports of a private natuie. the pending ques- ;i
tion being upon the bill reported from the Com- ! j
mittee for the District of Columbia" by Mr. Jj
Baldwin, being House bill No. 370, to estab- ,
lish in the District of Columbia a reform school jj
for boys. j;
Mr. BALDWIN. I propose now to state '
briefly the reasons for reporting this bill, to j:
explain some of its provisions, and to ask for jj
a vote upon the amendment proposed by the j
committee. ^
The reasons for reporting the bill seem to
us very conclusive and urgent. There is in ,
the District of Columbia no suitable provision ■ ■
for the confinement of juvenile offenders : nor r
is there imy such provision tor the confinement ;
of older offenders as is demanded by our civil- 0
ization. There is nowhere probably greater :
or more pressing need of such ail institution j'
than within this District. An act oi Congress :•
approved March 0, 1805. sought to make pro- j'
vision for juvenile offenders by authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to contract with the :
managers of State institutions for their coil- ,
fuiement and support. The Secretary sought ,
diligently to carry out the purpose of that act, i,
but after a faithful effort he failed to make
the provision which the bill required, 1 be- >
lieve he made one contract for the confine-
meat of a few offenders, and that was all he j
was able to accomplish, the managers of State :
institutions being unwilling to make contracts. '■
or finding something in their charters to for- •'
bid it. He then turned to the officers of the 1
Guardian Society, and urged them to prepare
such an institution on the tract of land known j
as the Government farm." They proceeded !
lo do it, and through his aid the Secretary of .
War transferred to them and deposited on the
Government lann for their use a large amount
of lumber from abandoned hospitals. They
proceeded with the work and expended about
live thousand dollars raised by private sub-
scription to establish the institution required.
Thev erected a large building capable of ac- ;
commodating some fifty or more inmates; but
from lack of funds .they could not complete
their operations. The officers of the Guardian
Society then petitioned Congress for an appro-
priation, and their petition was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia. They
asked for means to enable them to carry out
their object; and this was favored by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. A reference to this
matter can be found in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to the present Congress.
On considering that petition, and consulting
with these gentlemen and with the Secretary of
the Interior, it seemed to the committee wiser
and better to take this property and project out
of the hands of private parties and establish in
the District a public reformatory institution in
the usual "way, with a board of trustees. It
seemed the only sure way to have a suitable
institution for juvenile offenders established
h'-rc without great expense, there being already
from fifteen to twenty thousand dollars' worth
of property that will all be transferred to the
trustees to be appointed. This is in accord-
ance with the wishes of the society, and it
has the cordial approbation of the Secretary
of the Interior. By assuming an outstanding
debt of about fifteen hundred dollars the
arrangement, can be made, and the bill now
reported to the House aims simply, in its pro-
visions, to carry out this policy, to e tablish
such an institution, which can be done at
small cost to the Government and to the mu-
nicipalities of the District; and there will be
a saving of a great amount of property which
must go to ruin if this is not done. There is
nothing but this in the provisions of the bill.
All that the bill proposes is to make provision
for the establishment of this institution. It
contains nothing else.
I will now ask that the amendments to the
bill reported by the Committee for the District
of Columbia be voted upon by ilie House ; and
I will say. a= preliminary to that, that the pro-
posed amendments aim principally to correct
errors made by the printers or in tianscribing
the bill for the printers.
Mr. DAYIS. I wish to inquire if there is
not now an institution of a precisely similar
character existing in thisJ3istriet under a char-
ter from Congress for the same purposes.
Mr. BALDWIN. There is such an institu-
tion, the Guardian Society of the District of
Columbia, and it is that institution which has
presented a petition to this Congress : it is that
institution with which the Secretary of the
Interior and the committee have dealt in this
matter The officers of that society cordially
approve the bill. I have here a statement from
the officers of that institution showing their
accordance with and approval of this measure.
Mr. DAVIS. Having been a member of the
Committee for the District of^ Columbia, I
desire to say that 1 have been informed by one
of the officers of this society that the passage
of this bill would conflict with their rights under
th e;r organ i zation.
Mr. PLANTS. I do not know if it would
bo in order at this time to make a motion in
reference to this bill. But I am advised by
persons interested in the Guardian Society,
alreadv incorporated by Congress, that this
proposed bill comes in direct conflict with their
interests. There is a Guardian Society already
in existence here who hud expended some ten
or twelve thousand doliats befoie they were
incorporated, and they were meoi pointed about
18o2. They ha\e now befoie the Committee
on Public Buildings and GioaiuL, tlv 1 am
advised. a bill a-kintr some flight amendments
to their act of incorporation, embracing sub-
stantially the pro-unions of iliis bill.
The gentleman from Ma -~aehnsetts. [Mr.
Bai mvix.] I understand. announces that it
was by the assent or agreement of thi-= Guard-
ian Society that r'si 1 ill has been brouuiit in.
[ do not know what the facts may be in this
ease : but I am informed by persons belonging
to that soeietv that that is an entire mistake;
that only one or two dissatisfied individuals
who onee belonged to the Guardian feociety,
