1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3635
Mr. STE\'ENS. I will ask the gentleman,
with las permission, a question. Under the
present law, if a property is seized and sold
tinder an erroneous and excessive assessment,
can the party recover the value of the property
or only the amount surcharged?
Mr. DELANO. Well, sir, I of course would
not undertake, without reflection, to answer a
question of that sort with absolute confidence^
but my opinion is that he could recover the value
of the property.
Mr. STEVENS. The-opinion of the depart-
ment is that he can recover only the amount
surcharged, and that is my opinion, too.
Mr. DELANO. I do not see in that sugges-
tion of the gentleman anything that detracts
from the force of the considerations which I was
presenting in reference to the propriety of
agreeing to this report. I think it would' be
fatal to our tax law as a revenue measure to
embarrass it by the provision which was adopted
in this House. I do not think that our citizens
can suffer any serious injury under the law as
it will be if the report of the committee should
be adopted. It is suggested to me, and I de-
sire to bring the point to the attention of the
House, that our law in reference to the collec-
tion of customs is in precise analogy to the
present internal revenue law. Under the law
for the collection of customs we have experi-
enced no difficulty; and I apprehend that we
shall not in this case.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
me to say that in reference to customs the
money is always paid beforehand. . If the party
believes that an illegal duty is charged, he
makes the payment under protest, and brings
his suit for the recovery of the money. The
proceeding is very different under the internal
revenue law.
Mr. DELANO. I cannot see liowthe state-
ment of the gentleman affects the question we
are now discussing. In the ease of which he
speaks the money is paid in advance, and in
a case arising under the internal revenue law
the money is paid in advance, but at a different
stage of proceeding.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a very great dif-
ference between a merchant payingduties under
protest and a man having his property sold for
the non-payment of tax illegally exacted.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to inquire of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] what
action has been taken by the committee of
conference in reference to exempting §1,000
instead of SOOO from the income tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ate had stricken out everything inserted by the
House in reference to the income tax. The view
of the Senate was that as the income tax has
already been assessed for this year, and as any
amendment of the present law in reference to
that subject would not affect the tax for this
year, there is no necessity for any action upon
the question at this session. The members
representing the House in the committee of
conference concurred in that view, and agreed
to recommend the striking out of all the pro-
visions relating to the income tax.
Mr. ROSS. 1 have only to say that I hope
the House will not concur in the action of the
committee of conference on this subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say a word
or two on this subject, chiefly because of the
remark which fell from the lips of the vener-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] as I came into the Hall. He seems to
assume, in opposing the report of the commit-
tee of conference, that by their report there is
some invasion of the right of the citizen under
the Constitution of the United States that he
shall not be deprived of his property without
due process of law, and that to take his prop-
erty for payment of taxes, without a jury trial,
is a deprivation without due process of law. I
wish to say in this connection that if the as-
sumption of the gentleman be accepted and
acted upon as broadly as lie seems to have,
stated it, it will break up your whole revenue
system. The adoption of the gentleman's rule
would be a total departure from the practice
of the Government from the day of its -organ-
ization up to the present hour. The compul-
sory collection of the revenues of the Govern-
ment through its own executive officers, and
without the intervention in the first place of a
court or jury has always been the practice.
Hence it is, sir, in relation to the collectors of
your customs, 'who are required to give bonds
for the faithful performance of their duty. If
they are found in default in the Department
of the Treasury, instead of having the inter-
vention of a court or the intervention of a jury
to determine the liability, the account is stated
in the Department and the Treasury warrant
is issued by the Department for the seizure of
his person and his imprisonment, and for the
seizure of his own lands and the lands of his
security and for their sale at public outcry to
the highest bidder. It has been ruled solemnly
by the Supreme Court of the United States, in
the case of McMillan's Lfessees, that such pro-
ceeding was in complete accordance with the
Constitution aud was not a deprivation of prop-
erty without due process of law. Holding this
view ofthe^subject I cannot agree with the gen-
tleman at all that the collection of the revenues
of the country is to be interrupted at every step
by everybody through the intervention of a
court and jury. Soto legislate would be to pro-
vide that your whole revenue may be put in a
state of suspense and made to await final trials
in courts of justice before juries. It seems to
me that the gentleman's proposition is most
unsafe and most extraordinary, without any-
thin" in the past history of the country to sus-
tain it or to give it the least color of support.
Mr. STEVENS. I know of six cases where
they have been tried. The gentleman is be-
hind the times.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman know
any case where the decision has been different
from that I have referred to?
Mr. STEVENS. This system is entirely
different from that of the customs, wholly dif-
ferent in its parts. Here a man may be robbed
of his property at the mere fiat of a single as-
sessor without appeal. It is monstrous; and
I had no idea that any good lawyer would be
found to advocate it.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is an appeal.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no appeal.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is an appeal to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. STEVENS. I say there is no appeal.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have prosecuted an
appeal of that sort myself during the present
session and reversed the action of the local
assessor. I repel the gentleman's statement,
therefore, that there is no appeal. I ask when
and where the case of McMillan's Lessees was
ever challenged, much less reversed, in any
court in America—a case where property was
seized without the action of court or jury.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In regard
to incomes, as there would be no action until
next May, after the meeting of the next ses-
sion of Congress, the Senate deemed it expe-
dient to postpone action to the next session,
when there would be more experience of the
operation of the law. The House agreed with
the Senate in striking out all affecting incomes,
leaving it as it is at present. In regard to the
tax on cotton, the House receded from five
cents and the Senate from two cents, and we
have fixed it at three cents.
Mr. EGGLESTON. What has been done
in reference to gas?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. A com-
promise was,.made to continue the provision
of the Senate until the SOth day of April next,
in order to give the companies affected by it
an opportunity to get redress from their differ-
ent Legislatures. The provision, therefore, con-
tinues only until the SOth day of April next.
The same question arose in regard to horse
railroads, and the same course was taken upon
it, allowing the provision of the Senate to con-
tinue until the 30th of April next, but with
some amendments by which the railroads are
required to sell package tickets of not more
than twenty with only the tax added. After
the 80th of April next these provisions will
expire, and both the railroads and the gas com-
panies will be left in the same condition as
other parties who are affected by the tax bill.
These are the most important provisions of the
bill about which the two Houses differed, but
if any gentleman desires to make any inquiry
in regard to any other article I shall be liappy
to explain it to him.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman what has been done
with the bank tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
was nothing to be done by the conference
committee in relation to the bank tax. The
House concurred in the material amendments
of the Senate on that" subject. The Senate
also receded from their amendment in regard
to tailors and shoe-makers and concurred with
the House, so that work not exceeding $1,000
in value will be exempt, exclusive of mate-
rials. Another amendment inserted by the
Senate concerning "mead," which my friend
from Philadelphia [Mr. O'Neill] was so anx-
ious about, is concurred in with an amendment
adding to it "mountings and machinery of
telescopes for astronomical purposes."
Mr. O'NEILL. I am glad the committee
thought the article of ''mead" of such im-
poitance as to associate it with telescopes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yield
now to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Eggle-
stox.]
Mr. EGGLESTON. I am very sorry that
I have not an opportunity to vote upon the
report of this conference committee on each
proposition by itself. The report is about as
I expected it would he. The great monopo-
lists of the country have, and will continue to
have, the advantage over the poor young men
who are working for salaries and trying to
maintain themselves and their families hon-
estly and doing what they can to support the
Government. The committee tell us that only
$G00 can be exempted from taxation to the
man who gets a salary, and that over SOOO he
must fork over to the Government. They
could not.bear to make the exemption SI,000
as was proposed in the House. They tell us
that the great monopolists, the gas companies
that have repeatedly violated their contracts
with the citizens, and have charged the manu-
facturer's tax on each and every bill, are to ba
permitted to continue to do so until the SOth
of April next. I feel thankful that the com-
mittee has got this saving clause in their re-
port. If it is adopted, we are to tell our con-
stituents that they are only to be taxed by these
monopolists until the 30th of April next, and
then these companies are to get relief from the
several State Legislatures.
Mr. Speaker, we cannot stand up before thei
people of this country with this kind of legisla-
tion. If you legislate against the people and
in favor of corporations, no matter what party
or what organization does it, you cannot stand
before the people. These gas companies have
no right, where they have contracted to furnish
gas at S3 50 per one thousand feet, to charge
the manufacturer's tax in the face and eyes of
that contraet, and there is not a lawyer in this
House who will stand up and say that it is legal.
This Congress may authorize such a tax to be
laid, aud you tell us that the individual has his
remedy in the courts of law. How long; will
it take him to get through the courts? It you
put the seal of Congress upon such an enact-
ment, individuals will hardly dare to stand up
and face the community which is against them.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that this report will not
be concurred in, and*jj shall vote against it. I
hope another committee will be appointed
and th*t we will stay here until the 1st day
of December next rather than submit to such
an iniquity.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yield
now to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word in
vindication of the committee against the as-
sault of the gentleman from Cincinnati, [Mr,
