1866.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
should make all laws which might be necessary
and proper to give full effect to the powers
which I have enumerated; and that the Presi-
dent should, by his own unquestioned and un-
questionable will, as " Commander-in-Chief,"
move this vast array of military power, land
and naval, to suppress the insurrection, to
reinstate the authority of the Unitod States,
and to enforce the due execution of their laws
whenever and wherever they might be resisted
or obstructed. In the late great exigence that
■was all that was needful to be done, all that
the Government and authorities of the United
States were authorized by the Constitution to
do. The wisdom and efficiency of the whole
provision has been illustrated by the perfect
military suppression of the stupendous insur-
rection, by the universality and completeness
of the submission of the insurgents, by their
trae and general quiescence, beyond all par-
allel after such a profound and impassioned
upheaving.
But there was a possible national disorder,
so deep and so pervasive, but so improbable
and so utterly remediless, for which, if it ever
should come into being, the wise and far-seeing
men who framed the Constitution attempted
to provide no remedy. When the General
Government should become continuously so
perverted and oppressive in its administra-
tion as to have caused fixed discontent and
hostility to it throughout the United States;
when a majority of the State Legislatures would
no longer choose Senators in Congress; when
they would no longer direct the manner in
which the presidential electors of their respect-
ive States should be appointed; when a majority
of the people of a majority of the States should
refuse to elect a Legislature to direct the man-
ner in which their presidential electors shall be
appointed, or should themselves have refused
to choose such electors, the members of the
Convention well knew that the political malady
would have reached an extremity when it would
be irremediable; and they did not attempt the
vain task of prescribing a remedy. They tacit-
ly conceded that the Government which they
were about founding would then cease to be,
and that the country and its destinies must be
submitted to Cod and the people, and that
reconstruction in some form, unseen, unknown
to them, must come. But until that final catas-
trophe all was to be for the support, the defense,
the preservation, and vindication of the Consti-
tution and system of government which they
had fashioned.
The possible condition of the country, as I
have depicted it, is thus adverted to by Mr.
Madison, in the forty-third number of the Fed-
eralist :
" Should it be asked, what is the redress for an insur-
rection pervading all the States and comprising the
superiority of all the force, though not a constitu-
tional right? the answer must be, that such a ease,
as it would be without the compass of human reme-
dies, so it is fortunately not within the compass of
human probability; and that itis asufficientrecom-
mendationof theFederal Constitution, thatitdimin-
ishes the risk of calamity for which no possible con-
stitution can provide a cure."
Mr. President, we often hear it asserted that
the Government of the United States was made
to be perpetual; that it has all the rights
of self-defense; that the national life must
be preserved. All such language is inappro-
priate, and expresses ideas not fitted to our
country and Government. The Constitution
does not expressly provide for its dissolution,
but it does impliedly. The same power which
made it may at any time terminate its existence
in any mode it may will.
In the forty-fifth number of the Federalist,
Mr. Madison says:
"The State governments may be regarded as con-
stituent and essential parts of the Federal Govern-
ment; while the latter is nowise essential to the oper-
ation or organization of the former. Without the
intervention of the State Legislatures, the President
of the United States cannot be elected at all." *
* *" "The Senate willbe elected absolutely and
exclusively by the State Legislatures."
The members of the Convention knew as
much of the Constitution and the Government
which they formed, its structure in all its parts,
and its weaknesses, as any of their successors.
They knew full well that if a majority of the
States and of the people of those States per-
sistently determined not to choose Senators
or presidential electors or Representatives in
Congress, that the Government was thereby
brought to an end. They made no provision
to avert that consequence.
The Constitution expressly provides that
each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Rep-
resentatives to which the State maybe entitled
in Congress; that those electors shall vote for
President, and the person having the greatest
number of votes shall be President, if such
number be a majority of the whole number of
electors appointed ; and if no person have such
majority, then from the persons having the
highest number, not exceeding three on the list
of those voted for, the House of Representa-
tives, voting by Statesand by ballot, shall choose
the President.
If all the States should appoint electors, and
the majority of them should refuse to vote at
all for President, that officer could not be
elected, and consequently the Government
would be brought to an end. Again, if all the
electors should vote for President and no per-
son should receive a majority of the whole
number appointed, and the election should
thus be devolved on the House of Represent-
atives, voting by States, and the majority of
the States should refuse to vote, or voting,
to vote for the same person, there could be no
presidential election, and in that way the Gov-
ernment would be brought to a dead lock.
In all these and other ways the men who
made the Government knew it could be term-
inated, and they devised no means to avoid it.
Their purpose was that it should give liberty
and security to the people, and for its strength
and permanence should win and rest upon
their confidence and attachment; that when
it became perverted, corrupt, and oppress-
ive, and the people could no longer consent
to its continuance, they should have several
modes of bringing it to a close. It has no
principle or power of self-perpetuation. It has
no right of self-defense. All its departments
and officers are bound to support, protect, and
defend it; but it is by the use of the powers
and means with which they are intrusted by the
Constitution and the laws; and they cannot
resort to others without usurpation and crime.
A Government or being possessed of the right
of self-defense may seize and use all means
within its reach so far as they may be neces-
sary to enable it to repel attacks upon it, from
whatever quarter they may come. The powers
of the Government of the United States spring
from no such source, and are commensurate
with no such principle. They arise wholly from
a written Constitution, and exist only to the
extent that it, by its language, confers them.
The phrase "national life" is also incorrect,
untruthful, and delusive. Life is the state of
an organized being in which its natural powers
and functions are self-operating and continue its
existence. If the States were to cease to exist
there could be no continuance of a President
and Senate for the nation, and all the organ-
ism, the very being of the nation, so imperfect
as to be visible, woujd at once come to disso-
lution. The national or Federal Government
and Union and the States and their govern-
ments are essential parts of the same system;
but the being, the life of the latter, would con-
tinue even if the former were destroyed; but
if the latter were to perish the former would die
with them. But "national life," "loyalty,"
and "disloyalty" with us in latter years are
only " catch-words " intended to deceive and
mislead. Political loyalty in the United States
means fidelity to the Constitution and laws,
support of those in office, so far as they per-
form their duties in accordance with them;
sympathy and cooperation with all true friends
of the Constitution and laws ■; the maintenance
of the division of political sovereignty and
power between the General Government and
the States as it is made by the Constitution, to
the former all that is conferred on it, and: to
the latter all that is reserved to them by the
Constitution; and resisting all assaults upon
these principles whether they may proceed
from foreign or domestic enemies, private citi-
zens, or men in office and power. This is the
only true standard of American loyalty, and
men are loyal or disloyal as their words and
acts conform to or depart from it.
But, sir, when the President has, by the
agency of the military forces of which he is
Commander-in-Chief, occupied the portions of
country where the insurrection had been made
and suppressed it, what is next to be done ? If
the local governments have been overthrown
or disorganized, the Commander-in-Chief, by
his subordinates, must, ad interim, organize a
quasi government to prevent crime and to pro-
tect persons and property until the government
of the States can be reorganized and put into
operation. But this military government arises
fromthc exigency and necessity of the occasion,
and with that it passes away and is superseded
by-tlie State governments. What else is the
President to do? He is to give his counsel, aid,
and protection to the people of the State in their
efforts to reorganize their government by elect-
ing and installing their Governor, members of
the Legislature, and judges. And what is to be
done to reestablish relations between the State
and the Government of the United States, and
what departments and officers are to do it?
The President is to act first. He issues his proc-
lamation announcing that the insurrection is
suppressed. He appoints district attorneys,
marshals, postmasters, collectors of customs
and internal taxes for the State, and he reestab-
lishes the mails, collects the public revenue,
and takes care that the laws of the United
States are executed in them; and this is what I
understand he has done in relation to the rebel
States—this is his policy. Then the judicial
department takes up the matter. The Supreme
Court looks over its docket, and finds upon it
cases from the States lately in rebellion. It
knows and concedes the fact that the rebellion
has been suppressed; the President by his pub-
lic proclamation has so informed it and the
country. It then proceeds to acknowledge those
States lately in rebellion as present existing
members of the United States, and in conform-
ity to the Constitution and laws of Congress
orders the eases brought from them up to this
court before the insurrection, and any during its
continuance, to be set down for hearing, which
could not be done unless the localities from
whence they come were existing States and in
the Union.
During the entire period of the insurrection
there were members of the Supremo Court,
resident of States actively engaged in the re-
bellion until it was put down, and who had been
assigned to circuits constituted of the rebel
States; and they formed part of the court at
each term, just as the judges resident in and
whose circuits were formed of States which
the rebellion never reached.
But a few days since an application was made
to Justice Nelson, of the Supreme Court, for a
writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a prisoner
confined in one of the penitentiaries of the State
of New York. On the return of the writ, and
the bringingup the prisoner before the judge, it
appeared that sincc the insurrection had been
suppressed ho, a citizen of South Carolina, had
been tried by a military commission on a charge
of murder, found guilty, and condemned for a
long period to confinement in the penitentiary,
where he was held under said judgment. The
learned judge ruled that South Carolina was a
State of the United States, in the Union, and
possessed of, or entitled to, all the rights and
