3636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
Eggu.stox. ] I believo that the committee is
bo more in favor of monopolies than the gen-
tleman is; but we found this difficulty in the
case: these g®s companies and railroad com-
panies are local corporations, chartered by
the different municipal authorities and State
Legislatures, and we have imposed an addi-
tional burden upon them since those charters
were granted; and when the House adopted the
provision by which this tax was not allowed
to be charged over to their patrons these"
companies came here and said to the Sen-
ate that they had been before their several
Legislatures asking relief, but were remanded
back to Congress, becailse Congress by legisla-
tion heretofore had allowed them to add the
tax to their charges. Therefore it is that the
committee have provided that until April, 18G7,
these corporations may add the tax, but after
that time Congress would give them no relief,
because in the meantime they could go to their
municipal corporations and State Legislatures
and ask the relief which they sought at our
hands, and if just would probably receive it,
and at all events after that time Congress would
refuse to allow them to charge over these fares.
It is not the purpose or design of Congress
to interfere with local or State legislation;
either to impose upon .the people burdens or
to take off burdens imposed under State legis-
lation where such legislation is not required
by the necessities of the General Government;
and those who are not in favor of interfering
with the rights of the States will not desire to
interfere with local charters or corporations
unless the necessities of the revenue impera-
tively require it. Therefore it was that the
Senate insisted that this provision should apply
until the 30th of April next, and the committee
on the part of the House finally yielded the
point, and in the mean time if the State Legis-
latures do not give relief, these eomiianies
must incur as wo do the taxation imposed by
Congress without diminution however onerous
it, may be. Besides that, it was shown that many
gas companies are so limited at this time by
local charters that they cannot pay these heavy
burdens unless they are permitted -to charge
the burden on the consumers of gas. It is so
in the case of one corporation in the city of
New York where their charges do not pay the
cost of the production of the gas at this time ;
and when we have ^lacod by our legislation
here an import tax ol $1 50 per ton upon coal,
I doubt very much whether the gas companies
can live at the existing rates which the muni-
cipal authorities have authorized them to charge
for their product. I wish the House particu-
larly to mark that this whole provision ex-
pires on the "0th of April, 18G7, when these
gentlemen will be remanded to their States ;
in the mean time all railroad companies are
required to keep for sale at convenient points
packages of tickets of not more than twenty
with the tax only added, thus repealing an
obnoxious provision in the existing law.
One word upon the subject of the income
exemption. The House revised the income
tax so as to exempt $1,000 instead of $600,
as now provided by law; but the Senate re-
fused to consider this question of income at
the present session for the reason that any
law passed now could not affect the collec-
tions for the present year, as they are all as-
sessed and are now being paid; and it -was
hoped that at the next session, which must
end before another assessment of income can
be made, still further exemptions might be
made, so as to relieve further those having
email incomes. Therefore, with the hope in
view of extending further relief the House
committee receded from its rion-concurrence
in the amendments of tho Senate upon that
subject.
Mr. LB BLOND. I would ask the gentle-
man one question before lie takes his seat. I
understand him to say that those members of
the committee who believed that Congress had
not the power to interfere with this matter in
the States differed from the rest of the com-
mittee in the final conclusion they came to.
Was it' the determination of the committee that
Congress had or that it had not the power to
control this matter in the States?
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman entirely
misapprehended my remark. The committee
all agreed that we had the power.
Mr. LE BLOND. The committee came to
the conclusion that Congress had the power to
regulate contracts made between companies
and individuals.
Mr. ALLISON. Not at all; that question
was not before the committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield now to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
Mr. SCI-IENCK. Mr. Speaker, this bill, as
reported by the Comtoittee of Ways and Means,
contained in it two features, similar in princi-
ple, against which I voted throughout. They
are involved in this present controversy. One
was that gas companies should be permitted to
charge over against, their consumers the taxes
imposed upon them. The other was that rail-
toad companies should be permitted to charge
the taxes imposed upon them over against
their passengers. Now, I regard this as a pre-
tense to tax tho gas and railroad companies,
when in fact it is but taxing the people more.
Indeed, in the case of the railroad companies, it
has gone further, and' where the tax was one
eighth, or one sixteenth, they have charged
one cent in addition to their fares, and thus
have actually made money out of being taxed.
Gentlemen defend this principle, which has
been conceded here by the committee of con-
ference, on the ground that if you did other-
wise it would be interfering with contracts.
Now, I regard this matter in an entirely dif-
ferent light. You charge office-holders five
per cent, upon their fixed salaries. Are they
permitted to charge it over against somebody
else? Do not tho States pass laws fixing the
interest on promissory notes at six per cent,,
and do you not tax the income arising from
that limited interest? What, is the object of
all this? That these taxes shall bo paid out
of the profits and not be paid by the public.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to explain to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schextuk] that we re-
quired these railroad companies, after the pas-
sage of this bill, to provide packages of tickets,
not more than twenty tickets to the package,
to which they shall add only the tax, and not
tho full cent for each ticket or fare.
Mr. SCIIKNCK. That obviates one of the
difficulties; but it still leaves tho principle that
you do not tax at all tho railway company or
the gas company, but you tax the passenger and
the consumer, thepublic, the people, and under
the pretext of taxing these corporations it is
proposed to let them go free of the tax. Now,
1 say all this talk of interfering with contracts
isnmere fallacy. Youseizeduponfixedincomes
everywhere ; you seize upon them, whether they
are in the shape of salaries or otherwise. Why ?
Because your object is to take so much out of
the profits, out of the receipts, out of the prop-
erty of tho person or corporation, and apply
it to the public benefit; you take such a con-
tribution from them for the support of the public
authorities. Now, in this case of the railway
company or gas company, instead of taking so
much of their profit or property for the support
of the Government, you propose simply to take
away with one hand, and with the other you
allow them to change it over against somebody
else. Your pretense of taxing them is thus a
mere fallacy; yon do not tax them at all; it is a
mere mockery to say so. And therefore, from
the beginning to the end, I have opposed as
erroneous in principle, as an outrage upon
right, every attempt to relieve these railroad
and gas companies from contributing anything
for the public good and benefit, because of the
allowance made to them to collect that tax
from somebody else. And if this principle is
sustained by the report of the committee of
conference, as I understand it is, even if there
was no other objection to the report, I should
oppose its adoption.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to mo that this is
a very great heat over a very little matter. In
the first place, our law does not reach but a
very small number of railroad companies and
but very few in number of the gas companies,
as only a few are restricted by State laws or
by charters as to the charges they shall make.
The report of the committee of conference, as
I understand it,-merely postpones the action of
tlie House until next April, in order to give
these gas and railroad companies that are now
prohibited by their charters from .increasing
their rates, time to obtain relief from the Legis-
latures of their respective States. If they do
not obtain that relief between this time and
next April, then the action of the House goes
into force. I think the proposition made on
the part of the Senate and accepted by the
conferees is a proper one. I think it is a fair
proposition, and one which ought not t,o meet
with any opposition from any reasonable man
in this House.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to repel the unworthy
assaults made upon the corporations of this
country. I refer particularly to the assault
made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Eo-
gleston] representing the Cincinnati district.
Corporations are organized and chartered by
the laws of the different States for the purpose
of accomplishing objects for which individuals
are not competent. And when individuals are
thus associated together for the purpose of ac-
complishinga particular object, the capital which
cach individual puts in that corporation is just
as much entitled to the protection of this Gov-
ernment as if it remained in every respect indi-
vidual and private capital. But the gentleman
gets up hero and claims that these corporations,
these great over-towering corporations, shall
bo stricken down as unworthy of protection, so
as to protect the people against the assaults of
these corporations, even if they be destroyed.
He would destroy everything of a corporate
character, everything for which these corpo-
rations are authorized, and in which tliey are
engaged. And the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sohenok] On my right is entirely in error, I
think, in the position he has taken here, that
this Government has no right to relieve the
corporations from the tax imposed upon them.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes 68, noes 32.
The main question was ordered; which was
upon agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that if the
negative side should prevail ou this question it
will enable us to have another committee of
conference.
The SPEAKER. A vote against agreeing
to the report will either cause the defeat of the
bill or the appointment of a new committee
of conference, if the House should ask for it
and the Senate agree to it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 57, not vot-
ing 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amos, James M.
Asbloy, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bidwell, Bingliam,
Boutwell, Bundy, Cobb, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Del-
ano, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eekloy, Eliot, Garfield,
Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Hooper, Asahe) W.
Hubbard, ChesterD. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, James R. llubbcll, Hulburd, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Ketcham, Laflin, Latham. Long-
year, Marston, Marvin, MeRuer, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, p'Noill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pom-
eroy, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander
II. Hice, Rollins, Sawyer, Seofield, Smith, Spalding,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, William B. Washburn,
fl/elker, Winfield, and Woodbridge—71.
4 NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, Baker, Ben-
jamin, Boyer, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Coffroth,
Cook, Cullom, ii-!?!eston,Eldridge,Earnswortb,Ear-
crahar, Ferry, Pinck, Giossbrenner, Gfrider, Aaron
Harding,, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hayes, Hogan,
Holmes, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kelso, Iiuy-
kendall, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan. Mar-
shall, McClurg, MeKee, Mercur, Myers, Niblack,
"Jjoell, Or 111, Patterson, William H. Randall, Rilter,
ltoss, Sehenck, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Stevens,
Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn. Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth, William^
and James F. Wilson—57.
