236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[J une 1,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
powers of a State; that the trial of the prisoner
for the crime of murder belonged properly and
exclusively to the authorities of that State; and
that the judgment of the military commission
wasvoidandof no effect; and the judge ordered
the prisoner to be discharged.
But, Mr. President, what have been the ac-
tion and decisions of the Senate on questions
dependent upon the fact whether the States in
which the rebellion existed were States in the
Union? Before the extra session of Congress
in 1861 Virginia had passed her ordinance of
secession, and was then the chief power of the
rebellion. Her State government existing at
the beginning of the insurrection had been
dissolved, and most of its officers had renounced
the Government of the United States and ad-
hered to the southern confederacy. A new
State government was organized by her loyal
citizens who were in a small minority; two gen-
tlemen, Messrs. Willey and Carlile, were cho-
sen by the new Legislature to be the Senators
of Virginia, and the new Governor, Peirpoint,
gave them his commission under the great seal
of the State as Senators of that ancient Com-
monwealth. Those gentlemen brought their
credentials and asked to be admitted as Sena-
tors from the State of Virginia. The President,
then Senator Johnson, himself representing the
rebel State of Tennessee, presented their cre-
dentials to the Senate and moved that they be
Eermitted to take the oath and their seats as
enators. This was opposed by Mr. Bayard,
who moved that their credentials be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary; but this was
strenuously resisted by Senators Johnson, Col-
lamer, Hale, Trumbull, and others. I will read
passages from some of their speeches, and first,
of Senator Johnson:
"Now, sir, wo have the credentials hero fair on
their face. They purport to be the credentials of
senators elected by the old Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia, signed by a person purporting to be the Gov-
ernor of Virginia, and under the great seal of the
State. This appears to be fair. But Senators say,
Oh. well; but we know this is not the Legislature
of Virginia; there is another Legislature, and there
is another man who is Governor.' Well, if you are
going outside of these credentials to rely on the
Knowledge which you have o«f the condition of things
in the State of Virginia, then you know that the old
Governor of Virginia and the old Legislature are in
rebellion against the country. They are rebels and
traitors m arms against the Government, and arc not
to be recognized as the government of Virginia, but
 re to be recognized as enemies and traitors, whom
the whole power of this Government is now put forth
to subdue and bring into obedience to the Constitu-
tion and the laws; and I would to God that the power
was used to bring them to obedience 1"
Senator Collamer said:
"There are two difficulties which are suggested in
this case. First, it is said that this is a certificate
coming from a new government of Virginia, a new
organization separated from the rest of the State,
but acting for the State as a State. This is in the
nature of a judicial proceeding; we are now judging
Of the qualifications of our members. It is not at all
an uncommon thing in our highest tribunals that
points arise in the investigation of cases where the
court are constrained to say 'that is a political ques-
tion ; with that the courts have nothing to do.' For
instance, whether a foreign Government recently
commenced has become an independent people,
whether in court it is t.o_ be treated and considered
as a nation, is_ not a point on which the court can
decide, that is a political question; and if the ex-
ecutive head of the Government has received minis-
ters from that power, recognized it as a power on
earth, the courts cannot go into the question whether
he did it right or did it wrong. It is a matter of
political action, and the political power is what sot-
ties it, and we cannot examine into it any more
In analogy to that, in this judicial proceeding
must we not begoverned by the faot that the govern-
ment of Virginia that has executed these papers and
sent them to us is recognized by our Executive? They
havet called on him for militia and have received
militia from him. Ho recognizes them as the gov-
ernment of Virginia. It is a political question; it is
settled. There is no occasion for our inquiring fur-
ther into that, We as a judicial body on this ques-
tion have nothing to do with that. Here is the Exec-
utive of that State recognized by the Executive of
this Government; there is the end of that subject.
Whether a course of proceedings might bo instituted
among us to call on our Executive to know whether
"J™ this rightfully or not is altogether a different
aflair. JLhoy are de facto the government recognized
by us. We have no more to do with that."
_ All the Republican Senators who entered
into the debate, including the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Trumbull,]
sustained the views of Messrs. Johnson and
Collamer, and when the Senate came to vote
on the motion to refer the credentials of
Messrs. Willey and Carlile to the Judiciary
Committee for investigation, and a report
upon the facts and principles involved, there
were, in favor of the motion : Bayard, Bright,
Polk, Powell and Saulsbury. Against it: An-
thony, Bingham, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Dixdn, JDoolittle, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
Howe, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDougall,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sherman, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Wilmot. Immediately upon this .over-
whelming vote, and without further question,
Messrs. Willey and Carlile were permitted to
be sworn, and took their seats as Senators from
the old Commonwealth of Virginia. In this
matter the Senate was sitting and acting as a
court and was adjudging of the " elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers and what points did it decide and sus-
tain?
_ 1. That notwithstanding the State of Vir-
ginia had passed an ordinance of secession and
was in the condition of armed and active in-
surrection against the United States, still she
was one of the United States and in the Union.
2. That this great question was not a judicial,
but a political question ; and as the Senate, in
its connection with the matter, was a quasi
court, it could take no cognizance of this polit-
ical question; but only of judicial questions,
connected with the elections, returns, and
qualifications of the applicants as Senators from
Virginia.
3. That the President is the proper officer
and power to decide that political question.
4. That he having decided it affirmatively,
the Senate and all the departments and officers
of the Government were bound by his decision,
and must act upon the fact that Virginia was
one of the United States.
5. That Messrs. Willey and Carlile having
the proper returns or evidence of their elec-
tion in the commission of the Governor under
the great seal of the State, were entitled prima
facie to their seats; that they were to be. ad-
mitted to them at once; and all question of
their right to hold them must be afterward ex-
amined by the Senate through the medium of
its committee, and be judicially decided by it.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
has announced to the Senate that he was not
then a member of this body; that if he had
been, he would have voted against the admis-
sion of Messrs. Willey and Carlile as Senators
from the State of Virginia. He may now think
so; but I am inclined to the belief that he
would not have taken that position alone and
have broken the unanimity of his party upon
that question. But West Virginia was after-
ward admitted as a new State into the Union,
and Senator Willey residing in and being
chosen one of the Senators from it, a senatorial
vacancy occurred in the old State of Virginia;
and while the most of her territory was still
occupied by the rebels in arms, the body call-
ing itself her Legislature chose Mr. Bowden
as a Senator to fill the vacancy. He appeared,
claimed his seat, and was permitted by the
Senate to take it; and the Senator from Michi-
gan intervened no objection. But he says that
the precedentof admitting Senators from States
in rebellion had been made in the case of
Messrs. Willey and Carlile, and he yielded
and acknowledged the authority of that prece-
dent. This course of the Senator was very
reasonable and proper, because that precedent
was sustained by the name and authority of
that eminent jurist and statesman and pure
and elevated patriot, the late Senator Colla-
mer, upon whom the Senator a few days since
expressed in this Chamber a high but most
just panegyric. If the Senator from Michi-
gan", in the case of Mr. Bowden, conceded the
authority of the single precedent in the admis-
sion together of Senators Willey and Carlile,
and chose to give the high authority of his
name to another in the case of Mr. Bowden,
when the rebels were still fiercely continuing
their insurrection; now, one year after it has
been thoroughly suppressed, by the surrender
of all their armies, and the unconditional sub-
mission and obedience of the whole people
of the States that were in insurrection to the
laws and authority of the United States, with
what consistency or reason can the Senator
from Michigan oppose the admission of Sen-
ators from those States?
But, Mr. President, both Houses of Con-
gress, including the Senator from Michigan,
have admitted, in the gravest and most import-
ant form, that all the rebel States, notwithstand-
ing they were making a great struggle in arms
for their separation and independence, were
States in the Union, by the passage of the law
of 1862 apportioning representation among all
the States according to the census of 1860, in
which each of the rebel States are named, and
its proper number of Representatives given to it
by the same rule and in similar language as is
applied to the States unaffected by the rebellion.
_ Again, all those States voted for the adop-
tion of the amendment to the Constitution, by
which slavery was abolished throughout the
United States; and with the approval of the
Government and all its departments a;nd offi-
cers, and also of the entire people, their votes
were counted in favor of its adoption. And
the very amendment now proposed, by its spe-
cific language, is required to be referred for
acceptance or rejection to the States lately in
rebellion. In the face of the resume which I
have made, is it not passing strange that any
Senator, or any intelligent man, should hold to
the position that by their ordinances of seces-
sion and abandonment of the Union by their
governments, and as a consequence of armed
resistance to the authority and laws of the
United States by the governments and jieople
of those States, they ceased to be States of the
Union, and forfeited all their rights, political,
civil, and personal, under the Constitution;
that the termination of the war and their un-
conditional submission and adherence to the
United States, left them in the condition of a
conquered country and people, with their gov-
ernments utterly dissolved ; that Congress or
the President of the United States become pos-
sessed of all the powers and rights of a con-
queror over them; that they could be held
in that condition at the pleasure of the con-
queror, and could become States again only by
Congress passing an enabling act and read-
mitting them into the Union as States, sub-
ject to such terms and conditions as it might
choose to impose upon them ? All this is re-
volting heresy, and at war with our Constitu-
tion, its letter and spirit, and our whole polit-
ical system.
I have said that an insurrection or rebellion
against the United States is not treated by our
Constitution as a war, but as a great domestic
disorder; and the powerto meet it, with which
the Government is invested, is in the nature of
the police power. Police in its large sense,
according to Blackstone, is the internal regula-
tion and government of a kingdom or State, and
all the military power of a State is the final re-
serve of its police power. In the United States
the militia of all the States is expressly made
so, by Congress being empowered to provide
for calling forth the militia (without any limit)
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions. When a
riot is suppressed by the local police power
no change in the order of things is produced.
There may be an insurrection against the gov-
ernment and laws of a city, as has occurred in
Baltimore and New York. The insurgents
may overthrow the city government and dom-
inate it for days. It may require the extraor
