1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
it is more likely to do justice, to decide causes
right than any other court. If it is snpposed
you can get a correct decision below that, why
have this court at all? Why not amend your
Constitution and strike it out and have several
courts of final jurisdiction?
I hope, Mr. President, that the honorable
Senator from New York will accede to this
proposition. I have no manner of doubt but
what there is an urgent necessity for limiting
the amount of business in this court. I will
take this occasion to say that I cannot quite
agree with the honorable Senator from New
York that it is the chief merit of this bill that it
provides no new judicial officers. I stand here
to say that I would myself have liked the bill
Tjetter if it had provided a new judge for each
of these circuits to sit in the court of appeals,
and had dispensed with the necessity of assign-
ing one of the justices of the Supreme Court
to the hearing of those trials. I do myself
believe that that would have been an improve-
ment to the bill. It would have involved an
expenditure of considerable money; but the
money thus expended, money expended with
the view of having causes fully heard, fully
considered, and rightly determined, I do be-
lieve is well invested. Economy is an admira-
ble thing, but economy practiced at the expense
of private right and private justice is not the
article exactly that I am prepared to brag of.
However, I will not discuss the merits of that
proposition, for it is not before the Senate ; I do
not propose to bring it before the Senate; but
I wish the Senator would consent to allow this
amendment to be made ; il he insists that that
would incumber the records of this court with
causes more numerous than they can hear,
then 1 shall insist upon his fixing a remedy for
that in some such way as 1 have suggested, or
in some other way.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin must have misapprehended me when he
says that [ regard the chief meiifc of this bill
to consist in the fact that it makes no new
judges. I said it was one of the excellencies
of the bill that it was economical, that it cre-
ated no now judges, that the oflice of the bill
is to use the judicial power already existing in
a mofe economical manner. That I believe,
and I regard that as one of the great excellen-
cies of the bill. I should be glad myself to
enlarge, the judicial force of the country, and
the time will come, I am persuaded, when that
will bo necessary ; but I do not believe that a
bill contemplating such a measure as that could
be-passed through Congress at the present time,
in the present condition of our country; and I
therefore regard it as a great excellence of the
bill that it does not add to the expense of the
Government. I think the Senator from Wis-
consin, when he objects to this largo amount as
a limit of jurisdiction, does not consider the-
fact suflioientlythatwe are here creating a very
import ant, intelligent,, efficient. court of appeals.
The limit to appeals to that court is $500, and
1 should lie glad to make it even less if il were
practicable. 1 [ere is created an intermediate
appellate court consisting of three or four or
six intelligent judges, judges as capable of de-
ciding ordinary questions as they come up as
the Supreme Court here in the capital; and
every ease will pas-j in review before that court.
Ordinary cases may very well bo stopped there;
and if il. is neeessai-, in order to protect the
Supreme Court from being overburdened with
causes is it not better that the limit, should re;
main as it is? I am not very anxious whether
that limit be $0,000 or 810.000. If I felt
confidence that the Supreme Court would not
be overburdened, I should like to make the
limit much less than that. As I have already
said, in drawing the bill originally I had no such
limit and I should be glad if it were not neces-
sary to have a limit; whether it should be
So.000 or $10,000, 1 do not think very impor-
tant : but there must be a limit.
Mr. HOWE. Then I suggest to the Senator
as there must be a limit, and he is not very
urgent that it shall be placed at $10,000, let it
be placed at $5,000, and let us make the ex-
periment with that. If we find the practical
operation of the bill is such as still to incum-
ber the records of the Supreme Court beyond
its capacity, it is easier to restrict hereafter
than it is to give appeals.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not inclined to strug-
gle against the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
in what way you will exactly determine as mat-
ter of practice that the amount in controversy
exceeds §10,000. How is that to be ascer-
tained ? I suppose you will confine yourself
to the ad damnum.
Mr. HARRIS. It is a case of final judg-
ment, and the record will show.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose that the amount
claimed is more?
Mr. HARRIS. It is an appeal from a final
judgment, and the record shows.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe that is the rule ;
but the plaintiff often claims a great deal more
than he gets, and thinks he is entitled to more.
The plaintiff may claim $20,000, and may, in
the opinion of a court and jury, be entitled to
recover less than $10,000 ; and he is debarred
from appealing to the Supreme Court because
the judgment below does not give him what, he
thinks he is entitled to receive. There ought
to be some mode in which the case may be
brought up.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator is more famil-
iar with the practice of the Supreme Court of
the United States than I am ; but I understand
this is precisely the language that has been in
the statute for a great many years, only limit-
ing the amount to $2,000. 1 think the present
statute is that an appeal will lie to the Supreme
Court where the amount in controversy ex-
ceeds the sum or value of $2,000. The law
now uses precisely the language here employed
under which the court has been acting all our
lives.
, Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from New York whether he assents
to the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin. He does provide the relief for the
Supreme Court which is desired. He has
stated himself, and we all know, that the court
is now some three years behind in its business,
and the practical question is, how are we to sup-
ply the relief? There are two different ways in
which that may be done. One is by limiting
the appeals to the Supreme Court, so that here-
after it shall have lessbusiness to do. Another
way, and I am free to say to my mind the bet-
ter way, would be, perhaps, to allow appeals
substantially as now, but to enable the court
by further provisions to give themselves unre-
servedly to the hearing of those appeals. Of
course that raises the question whether the
judges of the Supreme Court sitting here in
Washington should have imposed upon them
duties elsewhere. That is a question, perhaps,
of practice, and also of theory. Since I have
been in the Senate it has been very often dis-
cussed, formally or informally. There have
been differences of opinion uponit. I believe
that the inclination of opinion always has been
that the judges of the Supreme Court are per-
haps better in the discharge of their duties from
the experience, they get at nisi prius. That opin-
ion, 1 take it, is derived from England, and^yet
I need not remind the Senator from New York
that the two highest courts in England are held
by judges who have no experience at the time
at nisi prius, and do not go on circuit. I re-
fer to the court of the Privy Council, and to
the highest court of all, the court of the House
of Lords. Then, if you pass over to Prance,
whore certainly the whole system of judicature
is very admirably arranged on principles of
science, where 1 believe justice is assured,
you have- the highest court, which is known as
the Court of Cassation, composed of persons
set apart exclusively for cases of appeal, never
leaving Paris, and never hearing any other
business except that which comes before them
on appeal.
^ ^ I merely refer to these cases for illustration,
the Senate is also aware that in the beginning of
our Government, when Washington submitted
to his first Chief Justice, John Jay, the ques-
tion of how the court should be constituted,
Mr. Jay wrote in reply a programme for the
organization of the court which, according to
my recollection, provided that the court should
be exclusively for the consideration of appeals.
The other business was to be done by circuit
judges, leaving, of course, to the higher judges
exclusively the hearing of appeals. That rec-
ommendation, however, was put aside, and
the system which now exists substantially was
organized. Justice has been administered to
the satisfaction of the country, reasonably at
least, under this system.
But now we are driven to this pass: justice
promises to fail here in the Supreme Court
unless we provide relief. Does the bill of the
Senator from New York provide adequate re-
lief? Speaking frankly, I fear that it docs not;
and I fear that the proposition of my friend from
Wisconsin, if that should be adopted, will go
still further to limit the relief which my friend
from New York proposes to supply. 1 am dis-
posed to believe that the only real relief will
be found in setting apart, the judges of our high-
est court exclusively for the consideration of
cases of appeal. They would then sit as many
months in the year as they could reasonably
give to judicial labor; they might hear every
case that could reach the tribunal of appeals; and
still further, they would have a vacation to them-
selves in which they mightrevicw the science of
their profession and adds undoubtedly to their
attainments. I remember perfectly well that
one of the ablest lawyers in England, in giving
his testimony some years ago before a com-
mittee of the House of Commons on the value
of what is known in England as the vacation
—I refer to Sir James Scarlett, afterward Lord
Abinger, Lord Chief Baron—testified that for
one, as an old lawyer, he regarded the vacation
as important because it gave him an opportu-
nity to review his studies and to read books
that he could not read in the urgency of prac-
tice. I have heard our own judges make sim-
ilar remarks.
Now, the question is, whether the present
bill docs meet the case ? Docs it supply the
needed relief? I fear that it does not, and 1
really should be much more satisfied if my
friend from New York had more boldly dealt
with the whole question by giving us a court
of appeal composed of the eminent judges of
the land which should he devoted exclusively
to appeals, and should leave to other judges
the duty of hearing cases at nisi prius.
This brings me back, of course, to the prop-
osition of my friend from Wisconsin, who, I
fear, by endeavoring to provide a hearing for
his clients, if I may say so 
Mr. HOWE. No.
Mr. SUMNER. For those whom he is sup-
posed to represent now and those whose inter-
est is under $o,000. By providing'an appeal for
them, I fear that he is going to continue this
burden on the Supreme Court, so that in point of
fact the bill will supply but a very slight remedy.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I have considered this sub-
ject somewhat, and I recollect that some ten
or twelve years ago a very strong effort was
made to relieve the judges of the Supreme
Court entirely of circuit court duties. The ef-
fort failed because members of Congress were
not prepared to take that step, and because
they believed it was better for the judges of the
Supreme Court to attend the nisi prius prac-
tice, and understand the facts and how things
were done in the circuits. I am in favor of this
bill. I believe we can carry it out. I think
it is all that we can do now. I believe that it
will be a great advantage to the business of the
circuits. I believe the time will come when
we shall have to relieve the judges of the Su-
preme Court from the duty of attending the
circuit courts and make circuit judges attend
to that business.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has got
an idea that they must be relieved altogether
at once, and he is not willing to agree to this
bill because all the good will not come from it
that he desires to attain. If you were to agree
