652.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
■ the President has given his indorsement to this
Bill. ' , . ^
Mr.- GKINNELL. I am very much in the
condition of another gentleman here the other
day j X am not-at liberty to disclose the secrets
of the President, if I had any.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. As we
cannot take what is in the gentleman's mind,
we must remain in the dark.
Mr. GRINNELL. If the gentleman doubts
my assertion 
' Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
doubt his word, but I want the whole House to
be as much enlightened as the gentleman him-
self.
Mr. GRINNELL. It is said that this is a
partial bill, and I hav§ this to say in regard to
the objection: that during the administration
of General Fisk, in the district of Tennessee
and Kentucky, seven and a quarter greater sup-
plies were meted out to the white people under
his bureau than to the colored lreedmen. It is to
reach those in want, the white mountain refugee
and the ex-colored soldier and slave, with his
family; and I cannot conceive that any gentle-
man who has the honor of his country at heart,
who believes in the emancipation proclamation,
and that under the Constitution we are author-
ized to enact the laws that are necessary to
carry out its provisions, can object to feeding
and clothing the naked and ministering in hos-
pitals to those who have been true to our Hag
and shed their blood in our cause.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. GRINNELL. I cannot, as I hasten to
submit a few items. This bureau is in charge
of 800,000 acres of land, and 1,500 pieces of
town property. It has issued more than 000,000
rations to refugees, and 3.500,000 to frccdmon.
It has treated 2,500 refugees in hospitals and
decently buried 227 of them. It has treated
45,000 lreedmen and made the gra\ es fur 0,000
of the number. Transportation has been fur-
nished to 1,700 refugees and 1,900 freedmen.
In the schools there are 80,000people that have
been instructed by this bureau. And now it is
proposed to leave all these children of misfor-
tune to the tender mercies of a people of whom
it is true by the Spanish maxim, " Since I have
wronged youl have hated j'ou." I never can.
Our authority to take care of them is founded
in the Constitution ; else it is not worthy to be
our great charter. It gives authority to feed
Indian tribes, though our enemies, and a just
interpretation cannot restrain us in clothing
and feeding unfortunate friends. In providing
schools we can turn to the same authority which
led to the gift of millions of acres of the public
domain for the purpose of establishing agri-
cultural colleges in this country.
These possessory titles under General Slier-
man's order to lands on the Sea Islands give
constitutional gentleman great concern; but
should they? Were not the lands abandoned,
and had not those who followed General Sher-
man',^ army necdof a home? There1 appealetl
gentlemen with a .luauitcr in mmto, and set up
that the negro was a disturbing force, and they
wished him to "contract'' or to remove where
he might enjoy a forty-aero tract of land in
Florida, and give up their possessory titles. I
heard these gentlemen's plausible and earnest
arguments for the recovery of millions' worth
of lands forfeited, and T beard but one negro, an
ex-slave, upon the same subject, and I am con-
strained to say that the. simple honesty of the
ex-slave was more persuasive than the sitavilcr
of the ex-slaveholders and their advocates, who
abjure as a punishment for rebels confiscation
and the use of hemp.
Those lands by the sea. abandoned, were moist-
ened with the sweat and blood of those who
toiled there, paitcntly waiting for the year of ju-
bilee : and when asked to restore them by an act
of Congress 1 answer, I never will be a party (o
any .such injustice. 1 believe it is the Christian
duty of this Government, as iilia« been the duty
of the various philanthropic societies and reli-
gious associations, to take cave of these people.
At the homes of the sons of the pilgrims on our
remotest prairies contributions are made for
the refugees and freedmen, and the Society of
Friends, who have gauged the dimensions of
these suffering people, hid among the mount-
ains in camps and hospitals, have set us an ex-
ample of fidelity. They could not take up arms
with a good conscience, yet they were the first
in the hospitals and the longest there, refusing
to receive compensation, munificent in their
quiet charities; and now they come to us from
Maryland, and all our States, asking protection
for their agents and schools. Their school-
houses have been burned since the sitting of
this Congress, and so near to us that the very
flames of the conflagration might have lighted
up this Capitol. These are a few lines of their
memorial:
"In Maryland, where emancipationwas effected by
statute law some some time before tlie President's
proclamation, about forty schools were established by
the 'Maryland Association for the Moral and Intel-
lectual Improvement of the Colored People' ofthat
State. Of these about one fourth huvo boon, within
a few months, broken up; meeting and school-houses
have been burned, and teachers assaulted and driven
away. In the States recently in rebellion, they are
subj cct to wrongs and outrages from which they have
no redress under existing laws, winch were made to
subserve the system of slavery. Your memorialists
therefore submit, that, as the Government. ' for its
own purposes,' changed their eondition'and deprived
them of the caro incident to it, and upon which they
depended, it has become bound, by every cont,ideia-
tionof justiee and honor, to assume their guardian-
ship and to prevent them from suffering by thcchange.
We are glad to see the subject so forcibly urged upon
Congicss both by thePresidenta.ndScci'ctaryofWar.
In the opinion of your memorialists this solemn duty
will not bo accomplished by the mere adoption of the
late amendment to the Constitution, which provides
for tlic legal abolition of slavery. Much of the real
and personal property in the parts of the country in
which theso 1 wards' of the Government live, is. by
reason of tho icbellion, subject to foifcituic, and the
lives of many persons to the penalties of treason.
And if it be desirabloto restore this property to those
who have incurred its forfeiture.andproclaim a gen-
eral amnesty on their behalf, it is not less desirable
to fulfill the obligations of the Government toward tho
people who were their slaves, and whoseun requited
toil accumulated much of that property."
Mr. Speaker, there is to-day devolved upon
us—I care not who decries it; I will not evade
it—a high, solemn, and religions duty. We
should be worse than barbarians to leave these
people where they are, landless, poor, unpro-
tected ; and 1 commend to gentlemen who still
cling to the delusion that all is well to take les-
sons of the Czar of the Russias, who, when he
enfranchised his people, gave them lands and
school-houses, and invited schoolmasters from
all the world to come there and instruct them.
Let. us hush our national songs ; rather gird on
sack-cloth, if wanting in moral courage to reap
the fruits of our war by being just and consid-
erate to those who look up to us for temporary
counsel and protection. Care and education are
cheaper for the nation than neglect, and noth-
ing is plainer in the counsels of Ileaveu, or the
world's history:
"There i - the moral of all human tales;
'Tis but the same, rehearsal of the past.
First freedom, and then Klory; when that fails,
"WYallh, vice, corruption—barbarism at last.
Ami history, with all her volumes vast,
ilath but one page."
This discussion is not plainly promotive of
the most commendable temper. The honorable
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau] de-
clared on Saturday as I caughthis language that
if he were arrested on the complaint of a negro
and brought before one of the agents of this
bureau, when he became free he would shoot
him. is that civilization? It is the spirit of
barbarism, that has too long dwelt in oar land,
the spirit of infernal regions that brought on
the rebellion and this war.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. GRINNELL. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. SMTTH. I do not want to ask a ques-
tion ; I merely wish to make a remark.
Mr. GRINNELL. I decline to yield unless
for a question.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to say that my colleague
[Mr. Rouskeal] does not belong to that class
of men that the gentleman from Iowa speaks
of. He served in the Union cause four years
during the war.
Mr. GRINNELL. History repeats itself. I
care not whether the gentleman was four years
in the war on the Union side or four years on
the other side; but I say that he degraded his
State and uttered a sentiment I thought unwor-
thy of an American officer when he said that
he would do such an act on the complaint of a
negro against him.
Mr. SMITH. I deny that my colleague made
any such statement.
Mr. GRINNELL. I occupied the Speak-
er's chair when the gentleman's colleague was
speaking, and I heard the words ; but the gen-
tleman has seen fit, like other gentlemen, to
withhold his speech for revision, and I cannot,
therefore, refer to it. I have no desire to do
him the least injustice or impugn his honor.
Mr. SMITH. I will only say that my col-
league did not say so.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am casting no reflec-
tion on the gentleman's colleague at all; but
cannot forbear remarking that it would seem
more becoming gentlemen who represent the
State of tho "great Commoner," who spoke in
these Halls forty years ago, to have imbibed his
spirit and principles evinced in a desire that
slavery should die in his State by a constitu-
tional limitation, rather than that manifested by
the gentleman from tho Ashland district, who
did not believe in the proclamation of emanci-
pation or in the disturbance of slavery. He
did not like the educational and able speech
of the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dok-
neli-y,] and meant no compliments to us "so
far north that we got a little sunshine, and
where was yet the track of the buffalo and the
Indian." True, ours is not the " sunny South,"
butaland of free schools and industrious habits,
of requited labor ; and wc have proffered you
nothing but kindness. The southern country
cannot be regenerated without organized labor.
Her people are crowded in towns, or roving
from plantation to plantation, and require such
directing minds as this bureau will furnish that
early contracts may be made and there be
found the comforts of home. There is a de-
mand for that crop of three million bales of-
cotton, from which we can raise a hundred mil-
lions of revenue. If there is no quiet for the la-
borer, justice in enforcing contracts, and schools
for the young, now thirsting for knowledge, the
crop will not be raised, and suffering follows.
Interest, honor, and humanity, then, are alike
involved in carrying out the provisions of this
frcedman's bill.
I am ready to yield my preferences and co-
operate with all sections, knowing that we rise
or fall together in national character. I would
have nothing partial orsectional, nor by a word
or act hinder a State in the march to the noble
position which her generosity or heroism may
give title. To even that State which is so will-
ing to receive a nation's dispensations to her
poor, I would give a proud and commanding
position among our Commonwealths.
I now, to show my regard for a gallant gen-
tleman, yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McKee.]
The SPEAKER.. There are fifteen minutes
left of the time of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Grinnell.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I hope the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. McKeeJ will be allowed
the five minutes that were taken out of my
time by interruptions.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to that. I will give
the gentleman five or ton minutes of the time to
which I shall be entitled after the ]>revious
question shall have been ordered.
Mr. McKEE. I had intended, Mr. Speaker,
to allow this discussion to close without a re-
mark from me in regard to this bill. But as my
own State, has come in for such a large share
in this discussion, and has taken such a large
share of tho opposition to this bill, I have felt
it to be a duty which I owe not only to myself
but to tho loyal people I represent upon this
floor, that I should say a few words in reply to
