1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
what I have heard urged here in opposition to
this bill. I do not propose to wander from the
bill, or to discuss anything outside of the bill,
but to answer some of the objections lpade to
it by my colleagues and other gentlemen upon
this floor.
_ Now, sir, who have made objections to this
bill? Who are the men who interpose objec-
tions to its passage ? First, you find all those
in this House who during the great struggle
just closed have opposed every measure for
Crushing out treason. Again, you find outside
of these Halls all that class of people who for
the last four years we have been disposed to
denominate as traitors—they are opposing this
bill. They are calling out that this is a usur-
pation^ they are denouncing it as a monstrous
usurpation; they are telling us that it interferes
with their rights. The same class of men who
have opposed every act of the Administration
proposed during the last four eventful years,
set 011 foot and carried on to crush out a groat
conspiracy. In the main, these arc the tierce
and bitter opponents of this measure.
Now, what do we need to dispose of their
objections? They tell us they have submitted
to the laws; that they have accepted the results
of the war; that they have taken the oath of
allegiance to the Government lequired of them.
And each one of those men, with that oath of al-
legiance sticking down in tlicir breeches pocket,
sworn to support the policy of the Government,
now come up here and stand out against every
single iota of that policy which they have held
up their hands in presence of the Almighty and
sworn to support. From that class of men comes
the opposition to this bill almost wholly. And
why do they oppose it? Simply because it in-
terferes with that course which they have so long
pursued ; simply because it prevents them from
exercising that tyrannical power which from the
foundation of our Government they have been
accustomed to use over one portion of the hu-
man race. They desire to continue that tyranny;
they desire to continue that oppression; they
desire to continue that wrong. And when this
House and iliis Congress and this nation pro-
pose to protect all its people alike, then it is
they eoine in here in opposition to such a course.
Do you find those who sustained this war op-
posed to this bill? Do you find that great party
of the Union who throughout the grand struggle
stood up for the flag lifting their voices up
against this bill? No, sir; with few exceptions,
aud may God help those who have strayed away,
the great party who stood by the country in the
death-grapple with treason, in which treason
died and the nation survived, stands to-day for
the completion of the work which four years of
war carried so grandly oil.
The gentlemen on the other side of the House
are accustomed to say this is a monstrous usur-
pation. Why, sir, we have heard that talk for
more than four years here. What bill has been
introduced into and passed by Congress since
the time this war began that this same party
has not been accustomed to denounce as a mon-
strous usurpation of power? When the Presi-
dent of the United States issued his call for
troops they cried out, "A monstrous usuipa-
tion of power.'' When he sent a lequisitiun
to the Governor of my own State, what was the
response? " Not a man, not a dollar, to prose-
cute this wicked war against our southern brcth -
ren." And the Union party, God help them! j
in Kentucky, indorsed the sentiment at that
day. I did not belong to that part of the Union
party; I never belonged to that "neutrality
concern." 1 never put in my oar to help pro-
pel that ship which was in favor of thundering
forth with its camion against the North and the
South alike. I never belonged to that party
which said, "We will stand as a wall of fire
against either side.'' I thank God 1 never
stood upon but one side, and that was the side
of my country, against treason, against oppres-
sion, against wrong in all its forms.
And "here I would say a word to those gen-
tlemen who say that the course of the Govern-
ment through its military satraps destroyed the
Union party in Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, the Union party in the State of
Kentucky ruined themselves, because from the
time the first gun was swmded they failed to
come up to the mark and stand out for the right.
There was the difficulty. Had the Union men
of Kentucky in 1861 taken bold ground in favor
of coercion aud against treason, though we
might have had a small party at that day, we
would have had a great party to back us, the
Government of the United States, which would
have thrown its troops into the State of Ken-
tucky, and wo would have been saved from the
evils that rolled over us after that time: and to-
day we would have stood forth in our courage
and strength the great party of the State; and
instead of fawning at the feet of traitors, and
not daring to brook their insults, they would
have lain prostrate at our foot. Loyalty would
have commanded a premium in the State, and
treason held itself with a modesty it would
certainly become its guilty actors everywhere
to wear.
Gentlemen say that there is no need of this
bureau; that we do not want it because peace
has returned to our land. If we have peace
to-day, why is it that the President of the
United States keeps our armies in the field in
the southern States? Why is it that all that
rebellious country is laid off into military dis-
tricts, with a military commander for each
department? Why is it that martial law is in
force there, and the habeas corpus is suspended?
"What says the Lieutenant General of the Uni-
ted Status on this subject of peace? In a com-
munication to the President of the United States,
dated December 18, 18G5, after an extensive
tour—extensive in the distance traveled over,
but, very short in time—he said :
"I did not meet anyone, either those holding places
under the (lovermnent or citizens of tho southern
States, who think it practicable to withdraw the mil-
itary irom the Bouth at present. The white and the
"black mutually require tho protection of the General
Government."
Does that look as if peace prevailed through-
out the land? I think that the statements of the
Lieutenaut General flatly contradict those of
gentlemen upon the other side of this House.
It is said, again, that there is no need of this
bureau. What says the same high authority?
I read from the same paper:
" In some form tho Frcedmen's Bureau is an abso-
lute necessity until civil law is established and en-
forced, securing to tho froedmen their rights and full
jirotection."
Has any southern State given the froedmen
"their full rights and full protection ?" Is there
a solitary State of those that, have been in rebel-
lion, (and 1 include my own State with the rest,
because, although she has never been, by proc-
lamation, declared a State in rebellion, 1 think
she has been one of tho most rebellious of the
whole crew,) is there a single one of these States
that has passed laws to give the froedmen full
protection? In vain we wait an affirmative
response. Until these States have done so,
says this high authoi ity, the Frcedmen's Bureau
is a necessity. 'This is to my mind a sufficient
answer to the arguments of gentlemen on the
other side. In none of those States has the
black man a law to protect him in his rights,
either of person or property, lie can sue in a
court of justice in my State, but he can com-
mand no testimony in his prosecution or defense
unless the witness bo a white man. We have
one code for trie white man, another for the
black. Is this justice? Where is your court
of justice in any southern State where the black
man can secure protection? Again there is no
response.
But gentlemen say that this war was waged
for the purpose of preserving the Union, and
that now at the end of the war the policy seems
to be to perpetuate tho Republican party. _Now,
sir, this war was waged tor the Union; it was
waged by tho Republican party for tho Union.
Now, at the end of the war, when we have j
crushed out armed treason in the field, do the :
gentlemen who opposed this war desire this great ;
Republican party now to pat the Government
into the hands of those whom they have crushed? |
What loyal man desires that traitors again re- i
sume the' helm of state? I'desire-to see
Government continued in the hands, of loyal
men who stood under their flag and 'fotfght
against treason and traitors everywhere. Tde-
sire now, arid in all time to come, to see the men
who went forth to battle in defense of right, to
sustain tho Government handed down to ns by
our fathers, aided by their friends who sns:
tained them in that effort, direct all otfr affairs
for themselves, for their children, "and for1 gen-
erations yet unborn.
Again, we have heard the same old cry which
men who sat here in 1880 and 1801 heard then:
"You may pass odious laws, but you never "can
enforce them." Well, we will try that propo1
sition with the gentlemen who make it. I be-
lieve we can. I believe we are more powerful
to-day than we were then ; and if this people
desire to get up another revolt, the quicker they
go at it tho better for us. We will sweep them
out in the future as we have in the past^and the
next blast will bo like the simoom of the desert,
so terrible that its opponents will never dare
rise again. But I pray for better things; I pray
God these men may return to reason, and accept
the situation in the sense in which it was tend-
ered by that great and good man, as he held
out the oath which they so greedily devoured;
that they will learn to know that they have com-
mitted a crime and that it is a mercy to them,
and the lightest punishment for treason, that
they cannot rule again.
No warrant in the Constitution for this law!
None! I make the same response to that I
have to tho assumptions of gentlemen on the
opposite side of the House. They have been
proclaiming all the time we have had no war-
rant for anything we have done. They have
said there was no authority in the President
to appoint provisional governors for the rebel
States. Yet they come here as champions for
the President and his policy.
We arc told that abuses may arise under this
bureau ; that it is intrusting too much power in
tho Secretary of War and the officers who are
appointed under it. I think gentlemen, profess-
ing as they do to have ample confidence in the
President and his Administration, need not fear
that they will transcend their authority. It shows
a lack of faith. I am not" afraid of them.
Moreover, we are told that abuses will occur
of men under the bureau. I suppose there never
has been a law enacted since the time the Lord
of heaven handed clown the ten commandments
to Moses upon Mount Sinai that has not been
abused ; but, 1 have yet to learn that the abuse
of a law justifies its repeal or non-enactment.
These things can be corrected as one of my col-
leagues [Mr. Rousseau] showed in a speech in
opposition to the bill could be done in his own
city. I have no doubt they can be corrected
everywhere else.
They have told us this is a bill to humiliate the
South, to humiliate that " brave and ehivalrie
people," to lower their dignity if you choose !
My own opinion about that is that it needs to
be brought down. [Laughter.] This war has
failed so'far to bring that chivalry down-as low
as it onghtto be brought to make them obedient
to the law as good citizens, and to extend the
right of protection to all men. We need some-
thing more to humiliate them.
Is it humiliation to that people to be brought
under the same laws by which we are bound?
We do not ask them to submit to anything that
we are not willing to be bound by. Is that
humiliation? To the proud and ehivalrie sons
of the South it may be. To tho Virginia and
South Carolina slaveocracy perhaps it is.- But
they must learn thajt they lord it over their
hundred slaves no longer.
A war of subjugation, say gentlemen, for the
purpose of imposing terms upon these people.
'They have told you that in this House in 1801,
after the battle of Bull Run, a resolution was
passed in which we said to the woild this was
not a war of conquest and subjugation. I da
not know, ! have sometimes doubted if I had
been a member at that time I would have voted
for the resolution, for I have always held it was
a war of subjugation, a war to subjugate an
