1866.]:
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233;
39th Cong,.,. 1st Sess..
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis,
Senate,-
dinary reserves of the police power to be in-
tervened to suppress the outbreak; but when
that is done, no destruction or revolution or
change of the city governmenthas taken place;
its organism and powers have been obstructed
in their operation, but they remain perfect in
their existence; and so soon as the obstruction
is removed they resume their authority, and
have their effect as though there had been no
interruption. When there was domestic vio-
lence in Rhode Island, caused by Dorr's re-
bellion against the State, the power ef the
United States was invoked for its protection.
If the rebel government had overthrown the
legitimate government and driven all its offi-
cers from the State before the United States
had acted in the matter, and afterward their
military power had subdued the insurgents and
occupied the State, it would only have been
for the restoration of the deposed government
to its authority in the State, and no measure
would have been necessary to effect that; but
it would have taken place at once spontane-
ously upon the detrusion of the rebel govern-
ment. The United States would have been the
victor, but not the conqueror, and would have
had none of the power or rights of a con-
queror. Their army would have been there in
the performance of a special service, a duty
enjoined by the Constitution, solely for the pro-
tection of Rhode Island and to reinstate her gov-
ernment; it would have had no authority to act
further, and there could be no other legitimate
consequence of its action. So where there is
insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, although both the people and the gov-
ernments of States may have embarked in it,
the duty, business, and authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States is to suppress it,
nothing more. That is all that the Constitu-
tion authorizes to be done in the case, and
when that is effected the only consequences are
that the Constitution, laws, and authority of
the United States are reinstated; the States,
their governments and people, that were in-
volved in the revolt, are reduced to obedience
to them ; the Federal and State governments
resume all their powers, and the people all
their rights, except those of which the law
may have deprived them; and things move on
in the same relations as before the disturbance.
The only objects and ends of the power to
suppress insurrections and rebellions are to
support, protect, and preserve the General and
State governments; to defend and perpetuate
the union of the States under the Constitution;
to oppose and arrest revolution, not to make
it, and to hold the States in the Union, not to
put them out of it. All this can be done only
by the armies of the United States marching
into' the States in rebellion, and subduing the
rebels ; and the proposition that the successful
use of the means which the Constitution author-
izes for no other purpose than to avert those
consequences, and which defeated the rebels
in their great efforts to effect them, should of
itself produce them, is a monstrous absurdity.
No, Mr. President, a State once admitted into
the Union is there in perpetuity unless displaced
by revolution, by force of arms, or in some other
form. The State cannot take herself out, nor
can the Government of the United States, or
both together, effect that by any arrangement.
There may be a rebellion so formidable as to
dominate a State and hold possession of it, and
suppress the authority and laws of the United
States in it for a time; a State may be invaded
and occupied by a foreign enemy, and a hos-
tile government established in it for years ; but
in either state of case she remains all the time,
de jure, one of the United States, a State in
the Union: and on the suppression of the re-
bellion, or the expulsion of the foreign enemy, !
by the power and effect of the Constitution j
and the inherent capabilities of the Stale, i
all ^her rights, powers, and functions would j
resume their operation; and the relations be- i
tween her and the United States would be i
reestablished. There would have been no dis-
solution of the State, and there would be n6
need and could not be any reconstruction of
it. A large part of the State of Maine was
taken possession of by the armies of Great
Britain in the war of 1812, and a foreign gov-
ernment established over it; and upon the
withdrawal of that army the suspended author-
ity and laws of Maine resumed their operation
without any legislation, State or national. Con-
gress has the power to admit a new State into
the Union once, and that is all the power it
has in relation to the admission of States. It
cannot eject and readmit States, either new or
old.
The only rehabilitation of the States lately
in rebellion that is needed, or that is consist-
ent with the Constitution, is, for the United
States, by the different departments of its Gov-
ernment, to fulfill their appropriate duties to
them. That has already been done by the
executive and judicial departments ; the legis-
lative only continues to be contumacious; and
what has it omitted to do to make complete
and perfect the relations between those States
and the United States?
The Constitution and laws of Congress pro-
vide that each one of those States shall have
a certain number of members in the House of
Representatives of Congress, and the Constitu-
tion further declares:
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State, chosen by
the Legislature thereof," &c.
Those States, six months since, respectively
elected their Senators and Representatives,
who, early in the session, appeared with then-
credentials and asked of their respective
Houses to be admitted as members, and their
admission would have completed the reiistab-
lishment of relations between those States
and the United States and their government.
The Constitution makes each House of Con-
gress "'the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members;" and au-
thorizes it to punish its members for disorderly
behavior, and with the concurrence of two
thirds to expel a member. But it confers no
power on the Houses separately, or on Con-
gress, to exscind a State for any cause from all
representation in it; and yet by what they term
a concurrent resolution, which no person con-
tends to have any constitutional or legal valid-
ity, they have ostracized the eleven States lately
in rebellion by refusing to admit wholly their
Senators and Representatives, however loyal
they may have been to the United States
throughout the rebellion. They thus mutilate
Congress by cutting off twenty-two Senators
and sixty-one Representatives, and exclude
eleven States from taking any part in the Gov-
ernment. But the Constitution is mandatory,
that every State shall have two Senators, and
a number of Representatives in proportion to
their population. As a pretext to evade or
defy this vital principle, that majority at the
beginning of this session assumed the position
that those States by their rebellion had ceased
to be States in the Union, and on being subju-
gated by the armies of the United States had
been reduced to the condition of a country
conquered by them, and were, therefore, not
entitled to have representatives in Congress
or take any part in the Government. This
most extraordinary position was never taken
until long after the rebels had made uncondi-
tional submission to the Government and laws
of the United States. It has not a vestige of
authority or sanction in the Constitution, and
is in opposition to the frequent and unbroken
legislation of Congress to December last, and
of every measure, proclamation, and utterance
of the Executive, and every act of the judiciary
touching those States from the breaking out of
the rebellion.
Congress stands concluded on that question
by having levied a direct tax on those States
and apportioned representation to them eo
nomine as States in the Union, by two several
acts passed while the rebellion was' raging.
This puissant majority of the two Houses sends
forth its imperial edict that the people of those
States are not sufficiently loyal to be readmil ted
as States into the Union and to take part itt
the Government; that they must improve their
lojalty by submitting to a probation before it
will allow them to come back and have any
share in governing themselves. But it most,
graciousty informs them that if they will amend'
their constitutions, by introducing an article
giving suffrage to the negro, it would receive
that as evidence of their perfect loyalty, and,
readmit them as States into the Union upon
that article as a fundamental and unalterable
condition, and their Senators and Represeuta-.
tives should be permitted to take their seats,
But whether it would respe.ct, or obliterate
State lines as they had existed, whether it
would permit the reorganization of eleven, or
would dictate a half dozen, or what number
of States out of that disorganized portion of
the territory of the United States, that dom-
inating majority has not yet spoken. Was;
there ever asserted before in the whole world
such an unauthorized andimpudent pretension?
The first I ever heard of the rebel States hav-
ing abdicated or forfeited their rights, and being
no longer States in the Union, was in February,
1802, when the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sj.'MNEit] offered in the Senate a series of
resolutions asserting that theory. If there was
another Senator who accorded with this doc-,
trine, there was then no utterance of it in the*
Senate. I have become somewhat acquainted
with that Senator's dominating idiosyncrasy,
and I regarded the propositions stated in his
resolutions only as some of his characteristic
vagaries. However, a few days afterward I
presented a series of resolutions, which I re-
garded as the negation of his, and which 1
stated at the time I intended as a counterblast.
I will read those offered by myself:
"1. Meaohed, That the Constitution of the United
States is the fundamental law of the Government,
and the powers established andgranted,and as pointed
out and vested by it, the limitations and restrictions
which it imposes upon the legislative, executive,
and judicial departments, and the States, and the
rights, privileges, and liberties which itassures to tho
people of the United States, and the States respect-
ively, are fixed, permanent, and immutable through
all the phases of peace and war, until changed by
the power and in the mode prescribed by the Con-
stitution itself; and'they cannot be abrogated, re-
stricted, enlarged, or differently apportioned, or
vested by any other power or in any other mode.
"2. 1'csolved, Thatbetween the Governmentand the
citizen the obligation of protection and obedience
form mutual rights and obligations; and to enabl©
every citizen to perform his obligations of obcd'encc
and loyalty to the Government it should give hiiu
reasonable protection and security in such perform-
ance; and when the Governmcntiailsmthatrespect,
for it to hold the citizen to be criminal in not per-
forming his duties of loyalty and obedience would be
unjust, inhuman, and an outrage upon this age of
Christian civilization.
"3, Resolved, ThntifanypowersoftheConstitution
or Government of the United States, or of the Sta tes,
or any rights, privileges, immunities, and liberties of
the people of the United States, or the States, are, or
may heieafter be, suspended by the existence of this
war, or by any promulgation ot martial law, or by th©
suspension of the writ of habe<is cimmediately
upon the termination of the war such powers, rights,
privileges, immunities, and liberties would be re-
sumed. and would have force and cffect as though
they had not been suspended.
"4. ltesofved, That the duty of Congress to guaranty
to every State a republican form of government, to
protect each of theui against invasion, and, on the
application of the Legislature, or Executive thereof,
against domestic violence, and to enforce the author-
ity. Constitution, and laws of the United States in all
the States, arc constitutional obligations which abid©
all times and circumstances.
"5. Resolved, Thutno State can, by any vote of se-
cession, or by rebellion against the authority, Consti-
tution, and laws of the United States, or by any ot her
act, abdicate her rights or obligations under that
Constitution or those laws, or absolve her people from
their obedience to them, or the United States trora.
their obligation to guaranty to Mich State a repub-
lican form of government, and to protect her people
by causing I he due enforcement within her Territories
of the authority, Constitution, andlawsoUhe United
States.
"6. llesolocd, That there cannot he any forfeiture ot
confiscation of the rights of person or property of
any citizen of the United States who is loyal and
