1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1717
■with him in that, it might be ten years again
before anything would be done on this subject.
Ten years ago there was a very strong and ear-
nest movement made to relieve these judges and
to relieve the circuits of the difficulties they
had and the compulsion to bring every case to
the Supreme.Court. I believe good policy and
good judgment require that we shou-ld pass this
bill now, leaving to the next Congress or the
Congress after that, as the necessity proves it-
self, to relieve the judges of the Supreme Court
altogether of circuit duty. I do not think
this is exactly the time for bringing in circuit
judges and turning out all the district judges.
I do not think it would be desirable that we
should have to do it now, and I fear we should
not do it very harmoniously if wo had it to do.
We are too near the effects and dissatisfactions
that have grown out of the rebellion. T think
we caii do this much more beneficially to the
country, and I hope we shall do it. Very few
of us have ever done as much in regard to any
measure as we thought ought to be done. We
have taken what we could get. I trust we shall
pass this bill and see how this circuit court sys-
tem works, so that we can know something of
it practically.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I hope the Senator from
New York will not accede to the request made
by the Senator from Wisconsin and make the
proposed change in this bill. I understand
that the primary, if not the only, object of this
legislation is to reduce the amount of business
in the Supreme Court of the United States and
to expedite the administration of justice in that
court. Now, it is a fact that all the labor of
the Supreme Court during this present ses-
sion has huidly reduced the size of the docket.
Cases have come into that court about as fast
as they have been decided ; and the prospect is
that unless some relief can be afforded by this
or similar legislation the accumulation of busi-
ness will be so great as to amount to an abso-
lute denial of justice. Suitors in the Supreme
Court are now compelled to wait, two or three
years before their cases can be reached upon
the docket, and there is a necessity for some
remedy of this kind and of the kind proposed
by this bill.
Now, sir, 1 should rather see the amount,
increased than decreased, and I believe that
it would add to the administration of justice
in the Supreme Court, and be of advantage to
all concerned, to have the amount enhanced
rather than reduced. It is objected that this
amount is too large, and that persons may be
interested in suits where the amount involved
is less than $10,000, and it may be of as much
consequence to such litigants to have their
eases go to the Supreme Court as in cases
where the amount exceeds S10,000. If I un-
derstand this bill, it provides the same remedy
for persons who have suits in the courts of
the United States as persons have who have
suits in the State courts. Nearly all the ques-
tions of property, or a very large proportion of
the cases of property, arc settled in the courts
of the States. Suits are brought in the circuit
courts of a State ; questions are there decided :
the parties have their remedy by a writ of error
or appeal to the supreme court of the State,
and there is an end of litigation. Every suitor,
under this bill, has the same remedy. Ho has
his case tried by the district court, and then
he has his case tried by the court of appeals
in the circuit; so that every suitor, under this
bill, has the same remedy that every suitor has
who brings his suit in a State court; and it is
well known that there are suits involving as
much property brought before the tribunals
of the States as are brought in the courts of
the United States. I think that the business
of the Supreme Court should be confined as
much as possible to the construction of the
Constitution and laws and treaties of the Uni-
ted States, and that questions of property and
questions of fact that arise in ordinary litiga-
tion should as much as possible be confined
to the State courts or to courts of inferior
jurisdiction.
I believe there was a time when the jurisdic-
tion of the Supreme Court was confined alto-
gether to questions of law, and I think that
perhaps even now it would be advisable to recur
to that old practice of confining the proceed-
ings of the Supreme Court of the United States
to questions of law, and not require that court
to pass upon questions of fact. But, atany rale,
if the court is required to pass upon questions
of fact, it seems to me that this bill certainly
does not restrict the jurisdiction of that court
any more than is absolutely necessary; and if
this proposed amendment should be adopted,
it seems to me that this bill will produce but
little or no effect; the change from the old law
to this one will bo trifling, and the great evil
which exists at this time will not to any con-
siderable extent be remedied. 1 am satisfied,
from what 1 have learned of the proceedings of
the Supreme Court, that it is absolutely neces-
sary that this provision should be made, or, if
not this, that some other provision equivalent
to it should be made in this bill.
Mr. CLAitK. I desire to call the attention
of the Senator from Oregon and the Senator
from Massachusetts to the provision of this bill
that the decision of the court of appeals shall
be linal upon the facts. I suppose that more
than half of the time of the present Supreme
Court is spent upon an investigation of the
facts in the record. This bill relieves them
entirely from that, and will save, I presume,
more than half their labor. Then, again, the
bill, if it should be amended as the Senator from
Wisconsin proposes, would double the amount
in controversy which now comes to the Supreme
Court. It is now $2,000, and it would be by
this bill, if amended, $5,000, so that the relief
that would be furnished by relieving the Su-
preme Court from the investigation of questions
of fact and carrying the amount in controversy
up lo So,000 would be a very great one.
Mr. President, 1 apprehend another difficulty
from this bill, and my objection to it is not so
much that it will relieve the Supreme Court, as
that it will overburden and break down the
district courts, i am afraid that you arc put-
ting more work upon the district courts than
they will be iaiily able to do. They are to fake
the place of the circuit courts and try all the
questions of fact, settle the law in the first in-
stance, and then they are to hold a court of
appeals in various cities of the Union some two
or three months in the year to determine the
cases which may be carried there ; and I am
very much afraid that you will overburden the
district courts. Thatismy objection tothobill,
if I have one. I am willing to try the experi-
ment, but I certainly doubt very much whether
it is going to work in the way that the Senator
from New York and others apprehend • but still
I am willing io try it ; it may be better than
the present system.
But I wish to call the attention of the Sena-
tor from New York and other Senalorsto what,
is requisite to have a good system, and that is
that your system should be satisfactory to your
suitors as well as to the court. It must be a
system which will not only not impose, too
much labor upon the judges, but, will be satis-
factory to the most of the people whose busi-
ness you undertake to transact. My fear in
regard to this matter is, that a great many of
the suitors whose cases do not come up to the
amount of SI0,000 will not be satisfied if you
provide one tribunal for them and a more dig-
nified and more learned tribunal for another
class of cases. There must be a limit some-
where; but you must allow all the people as far
as you can to approach your highest tribunal,
or they will not be satisfied. The man with a
case that involves S^e^O -will inquire ot you
why he cannot come up to the higher court as
well as the man whose ease involves S10.000,
and perhaps his case involves a principle of
vastly more consequence than the case where
the value is Sid,000. It is necessary, there-
fore, that yon should open the court as wide as
yon can, and give all the suitors an opportu-
nity of approaching the higher court coasist-
ent with the labor of the court. I submit to
the Senator from New York whether it would
not be better to try the experiment of more
than doubling the present jurisdiction, placing
it at $5,000, and removing the examination of
all questions of fact to the court of appeals,
and trying the point there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin will not pre-
vail. I think it is an entire mistake to suppose
that litigants are to be benefited by allowing
them to go from one court to another with their
eases. What is the object of courts? It is to
afford parties the means of establishing their
rights. This intermediate court of appeals, in
my judgment, will be just about as likely to do
justice as your Supreme Court here. You give
a party two trials. He has a trial, in the first
place, in the district court, or the court which
corresponds to our present circuit court, and
then he has the right of appeal to the court of
appeals, which is a court composed of one jus-
tice of the Supreme Court and all the district
judges of his circuit, amounting probably on
an average to five persons—one justice of the
Supreme Court and four district judges. They
meet together and constitute the court of ap-
peals. I submit to the Senator, is it not better
to stop the litigation there than to allow another
appeal from this court of appeals to the Su-
preme Court of the United States?
When Senators talk abont allowing a party
who wishes to do so, to take his case from one
court to another, they should not forget that it
may happen that one of the parties to a suit is
a poor man and the other is a rich man, and
if you allow these appeals first from the dis-
trict court to the court of appeals, and then
from the court of appeals to the Supreme
Court of the United States, here at Washing-
ton, you provide the means of oppression on
the part of the rich upon the poor. A poor
man had better give up his claim than litigate
with a rich person, first in his own State where
the district court sits, then go to the court of
appeals, perhaps, in some adjoining States, and
then from that court of appeals to Washington
to get. his rights. A man wdio has the means
to take all these appeals, if you give them, will
have it in liis power to prevent justice being
obtained by a man of smaller means. I think
you will be as likely to obtain justice in the
court of appeals as you will in the Supreme
Court of the United States.
There is but one appeal allowed now. When a
cause is decided in the eireuitcourtof the United
States it cotncs directly from that court to the
Supreme Court of the United States. When
we are trying'to pass a law which will relieve
the Supreme Court, of the United States by
providing an intermediate court of appeals,
what relief shall we afford if the same class of
cases can come here as if we had no interme-
diate court of appeals'' The object is not to
promote and increase litigation. That is not
the object of the establishment of courts; but
the object, of courts is to afford the means by
which parties may vindicate and obtain their
rights. I would be quite satisfied with this
court of appeals in neaily all cases; in fact,
if it were not required by the Constitution of
the United Stales that there should be a Su-
pieme Court here, in ordinary cases between
parties, where no great rights of Government
were in controversy, where no constitutional
questions were to be settled, 1 would be willing
that the decision of the court of appeals should
be the end of the case. I believe you would
be quite as likely to have justice in that way.
! If you fix the limit at $2,000. the man wlw lias
| a controversy involving Sl;9">0 will say, '' This
: is a verv important case, and why should I not
j be permitted to take that' to the Supreme Court,
i when my neighbor, who has a case that involves
! fifty dollars more can go to the Supreme Court
i of the United States and have his case set-
tled?"
I regard it as no privilege whatever to liti-
gants to allow these appeals from court to court.
| They sometimes think it a privilege. Parties
