2678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll]
a question in regard to this bill before I vote
upon it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I can-
not yield the floor for any such purpose. I call
the previous question on the motion to refer.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by whi'ch the bill and the
pending amendment were referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled joint resolution and a bill
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 61) to extend
the time for the construction of the first section
of the Western Pacific railroad; and
An act ( S. No. 18G) amendatory of the act
to provide for reports of the decisions of the
Supreme Court.
lincoln square, etc.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill pro-
viding for grading East Capitol street and estab-
lishing Lincoln square; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read in full. It authorizes the
Commissioner of Public Buildings to grade East
Capitol street from Third street east to Elev-
enth street east, and to cause the square at the
intersection of said street with Massachusetts,
North Carolina, Tennessee, and Kentucky
avenues, between Eleventh and Thirteenth
streets east, to be inclosed with a wooden fence,
and the same shall be known as '• Lincoln
square;'' and the sum of$15,Q00is appropri-
ated for that purpose.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SLOAN. Does not this bill go to the
Committee of the Whole, as containing an
appropriation?
The SPEAKER. This bill does contain an
appropriation.' But it is too late to raise that
point of order, the bill having already been
read the third time without objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this a private
bill?
The SPEAKER. It is too late to raise that
point of order now.
Mr. FARNS WO RTII. Will it be in order
to move to refer this bill to the Committee of
the Whole?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is not seconded that motion will be in order.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 28, noes 31; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered 5 and Messrs. Ixgeii-
soi x< and Eldridge were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes fifty-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
canal and settekafle company.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia,_ reported back, with
an amendment, Senate bill No. 190, to incor-
porate the District of Columbia Canal and
Sewerage Company.
Mr. WINDOM. I would inquire of the Chair
if this is a private bill. We have had three or
four general bills considered this morning, and
I think it is hardly fair to other committees
that the time set apart for private business
shonld be, taken up by general business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that this is a private bill within the rule.
Mr. F. THO M AS. As the morning hour lias
nearly expired, I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] will consent to with-
draw this bill at this time and report it on
some future day. Does the Chair decide this
to be a private bill?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair, this is a private bill, being for a cor-
poration. The Chair made a decision at some
length some days ago in regard to what should
be considered public and what private bills,
quoting precedents from the parliamentary
practice ot' Great Britain.
Mr. F. TIIOMx\-S. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] consent to the sug-
gestion I made a moment ago?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot conscnt to it.
Mr. F. THOMAS. The bill can hardly be
read through during the remainder of the
morning hour. I think the gentleman better
withdraw the bill now and report it on some
future day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot consent to
withdraw it, but I am willing that it shall go
over for consideration until next Friday. I
want it to be considered as unfinished busi-
ness, to come up at that time.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I must ask the Speaker's
permission to state the peculiar characteristics
of this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I must object to that,
as I have already consented to the arrange-
ment that this bill should go over to next
Friday.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Then I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to report
another bill in regard to a hospital.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Will the gentleman con-
sent to withdraw the sewerage bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I must decline to do
that.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I do not desire the bill
to be before the House at all, if I can prevent
it, until the parties interested can be heard
before the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the point of
order that what the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. F. Thomas] is saying is not upon a point
of order.
Mr. F. THOMAS. The gentleman will hear
me through. I therefore raise the point of
order, because I want the bill recommended
by the committee to take the course I have
indicated. Now, in regard to the character
of this bill 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I raise the point of
order that this is no point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] is stating his point
of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would have no objec-
tion to the gentleman going on if I did not
wish to pass this hospital bill.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I was about to say this
is 110 ordinary bill; and when I have stated its
character I think the Chair will rule that this
is a public corporation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maryland is occupying the floor upon a point
of order, and is now stating it.
Mr. F. THOMAS. This bill, Mr. Speaker,
proposes to seize $400,000 worth of property
of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company.
It therefore affects parties outside of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company, under a charter granted by
Congress, and by the States of Maryland, Vir-
ginia, and Pennsylvania, has made a very
expensive structure at the mouth of this little
stream-—-
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, is that
in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Maryland is now arguing the
merits of the. bill.
Mr. F. THOMAS. No, sir; I am about to
explain its character.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land raises the point of order that this is not a
private bill. The Chair decides that it is a pri-
vate bill.
Mr.F. THOMAS. I believe that the Speaker
has not read the bill, or he would not so decide.
I say this with great respect.
The SPEAKER. Private bills relate gen-
erally to individuals or corporations. May's
Parliamentary Practice states that private bills
"are for the interest of an individual, a public
company or corporation, a parish, a city, a
county, or other locality." It must not be a
general bill in its enactments, but "a bill for
the particular interest or benefit of a person or
persons." Under this principle, which is laid
down with a number of illustrations in the vol-
ume referred to, the Chair has no doubt that
this bill is a private bill and can be reported
on private bill day. Whether the bill should
pass or not is a question for the House to
determine.
The morning hour has expired, and the bill
goes over till next Friday.
contested election.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to call up the resolu-
tion reported by the Committee of Elections in
the case of Follett vs. Delano. I stated to the
House yesterday that if members would take
the trouble to read the report I would not
occupy any time in the discussion of the case.
I hfive no doubt that gentlemen have read the
report; and I shall not therefore detain the
House by any remarks in explanation of it.
The case involves a question which is of con-
siderable importance as a question of practice.
The committee, I may also mention, found some
difficulty in settling questions of law arising in
the case, but no difficulty as to matters of fact.
If the members of the House are satisfied with,
the positions as to law and practice embraced
in th£ report, they will find no difficulty, I ap-
prehend, in voting for the resolution of the
committee.
The resolution reported by the committee
was read, as follows :
Resolved, That Hon. Columbus Delano is entitled
to the seat occupied by him in this House as the Rep-
resentative from the thirteenth district of Ohio in
the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. DAWES. If no gentleman desires to
oppose this resolution, I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES, from tlie Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That therebe paid to Charles i'ollett.Esq..
out of the contingent fund of the House, the sum of
$1,500 in full for time spent and expenses incurred in
contesting the right of Hon. Columbus Delano to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the thir-
teenth district in Ohio.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, asked
leave of absence for Mr. Latham for one week.
Leave was granted.
equalizing bounties.
Mr. SCIIENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to equalize the
bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines who
