654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
armed power opposed to the Government of
the United States, a war to subjugate armed
treason and bring armed traitors back to an
allegiance to the laws of the land.
N0Wj Mr. Speaker, I am told Kentucky does
not want that law. I do not know; I believe
that Kentucky sent into the field twenty-seven
thousand soldiers of the colored race. They
have been returned to their homes by the order
of the Secretary of War, approved by the Pres-
ident, and they are allowed to retain their arms.
I suppose those men, who are now freedmen,
would like to have this law to.protect them.
There is one class who want this law. ^ There
is another class who want this law. They are
the men who stood by this country during the
great struggle, and do not want the country
overrun, by armed traitors who waged war
against us.
My colleague from the first district _ [Mr.
Tkimblj] has said that Kentucky's slain lie
upon every battle-field of the Republic. So
they do, Mr. Speaker; and I regret that, as a
loyal man, I must make the humiliating ac-
knowledgment that Kentucky's traitors lie
there, too.
Now,' Mr. Speaker, there is one way Ken-
tucky can yet get rid of the operations of this
law; there is one way all the States from Ken-
tucky to the Rio Grande can got rid of this law
and all its abuses at the same time. Let them
pass laws and enforce them in the courts giv-
ing to all men the same privileges to protection
in civil tribunals.
Until that is done we need the law. We need
it to restrain those men who stood out against
their country, to protect the loyal of all colors.
Having engaged in this great work, having
crushed out the greatest conspiracy the world
has ever seen, having swept the conspirators
off from every position, it is our duty now to
protect these men whom we have emancipated
and made freemen in our land. And as a
humble Representative of the State of Kentucky
on this door, as one claiming to have always
stood by my country, I stand here to-day still
contending for justice, for principle, for right.
Those people have been emancipated as one of
the natural results of this war—a war forced
upon the loyal people of the land by traitors.
They can never lie rciinslavcd. As freedmen
they must have the civil rights of freemen.
Let the States in which thev live pass such
laws for their protection as will give them the
same rights in their courts of justice that other
men have. Give to them the right to protect
themselves and there will no longer he any
need of such a law as this. The time has gone
by—yes, and 1 thank God it can never return—
when a human being in this Republic because
of his color can be treated as a brute; when
the brutal master can have law to protect him
ill his crime. And now, when the great mad
scheme to overturn and destroy the Republic
has failed, when treasonhasbeen crushed, when
a million men who have gone forth to batlle
havereturned to their homes, men scarred upon
a hundred battle-fields, must we say to this mil-
lion men to-day, ''AH your efforts have been
in vain?'' Shall we say to the more than three
hundred thousand men who have gone down
to their graves on the bloody battle-fields,
'' Your lives have been offered up a sacrifice for
your country, and all in vain?"
Shall we say to the sixty thousand martyrs—
victims toacruelty more barbarous, deep, damn-
ing. and devilish than the world has overseen,
wiio went down to their graves Stan ed in rebel
prison pens—shall we say to those brave mar-
tyrs and to their widows and little ones at home,
'' Your graves are ruled over to-day by the same
men that looked up to heaven and thanked God.
while they had you in their power, that they had
it thus in hand to see the 1 Yankees die ?''' Let
us say to the widow and orphan of the bra>e
soldier who, with his last dying gaze, as he lay
starving in those horrid dens of iniquity, looked
up to heaven, and his soul went to Codas he
thought of the loved ones athome, "The brave
man perishfd a martyr to liberty, and as his
redeemed spirit looks out through the windows
of heaven it beholds a land redeemed, disen-
thralled, and free." No, Mr. Speaker, letus pro-
claim to the world a^d let it go forth that, hav-
ing conquered the rebellion, having subdued
the rebel army, we are prepared to rule this
land and make our people free. And when that
proud old bird of freedom shall soar across the
land, bearing in his beak the broad banner of
beauty and glory, let all its stars unfolde.d to the
world proclaim in a language which will make
thrones and tyrannies tremble to their centers,
" This is the home of the free 1'' [Applause.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again re-
mind gentlemen of the House of Representa-
tive's that they have adopted a rule prohibiting
applause in the galleries, and that they must
enforce that rule themselves.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill entitled, "An act
(II. II. No. 30) making appropriation for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending June 30, 1807,
and additional appropriations for the year end-
ing June 30, 1800;" when the Speaker signed
the same.
EREEDJIEN's BUREAU—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] before he calls the
previous question, will withdraw his motion to
recommit, which now cuts off amendment, as I
understand it, until I can offer an amendment
to the committee's amendment to this bill, which
will leave it more accoptablc to me.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 cannot do so at this moment.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to allow me to offer an amendment
to the bill at this time.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot.
Mr. SMITH. Then allow me to make a re-
mark at this moment.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield just now.
Mr. SMITH. I am sorry the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] is not disposed to
be as courteous to me as he has been to other
gentlemen upon this floor.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 wish to withdraw the motion
I made to recommit this bill; and then, by in-
struction of the select committee on the Ereed-
men's Bureau, I wish also to withdraw the
substitute which has been reported from the
committee, and to offer another substitute ill
lieu thereof, which I will proceed to explain.
The SPEAKER. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dox-
kkli.y] falls with the withdrawal of the substi-
tute first reported by the committee.
Mr. ELIOT. I have promised my friend
from Minnesota [Mr. Doxxelly] to allow him
to offer his amendment to this substitute, as he
did to the one 1 have just withdrawn.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to amend by
inserting after the word '• schools," in section
six, the following:
And the Commissioner may provide a comraon-
eeliool education for all rciugocs or freedmen who
shall apply therefor.
Mr. STEVENS. Can I offer a substitute for
the one reported by the committee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Doxxelly] has already proposed
an amendment to the amendment reported by
the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mi-. Doxnelly] withdraw his
amendment so as to give me an opportunity to
otfer my substitute for the one rejiorted from
the committee?
Mr. DONNELLY. If my amendment is
withdrawn now, will I again have an opportu-
nity to offer it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] proposes to call the previous question.
If that call is sustained the gentleman will have
no opportunity to offer his amendment.
Mr. DONNELLY. Then I must decline to
withdraw ray amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I will proceednow
to explain the changes proposed by the select
committee in the substitute now reported, from
the one reported from that committee the other
day. ,
The first alteration thoy propose to make
is in the first section. As it now stands the
President may divide the section of country
containing refugees and freedmen into districts
not exceeding twelve in number, each contain-
ing one or more States. The committee pro-
pose to amend the section by inserting after the
words " section of countiy" the words "within
which the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
is at present suspended," so that it will then
read, "and the President may divide the sec-
tion of country within which the writ of habeas
c<y;pus is at present suspended, containing such
refugees and freedmen, into districts," &c.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Eliot] permit me to ask him a
question at'this point?
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman thinks it
important to interrupt me for the purpose
of putting a question, I cannot object.
Mr. SMITH. I want to understand the bear-
ing of the change in this section proposed by
the committee. If the writ of habeas corpus
is restored to any State, will the Freedmen's
Bureau be therefore withdrawn from that State ?
Mr. ELIOT. No sir; " within which the writ
of habeas corpus is at present suspended."
Mr. SMITH. But should the writ of habeas
corpus be restored ?
Mr. ELIOT. Should the writ of habeas cor-
pus be restored by and by, it would still follow
that the writ of habeas corpus is at present
suspended, and over that section of countiy
the Freedmen's Bureau would still have juris-
diction.
The next amendments are in section five,
by inserting before the word '' owner'' the word
"former;" also the same word before the word
"owners" in the proviso ; also to strike out of
the proviso the words "be entitled to" and
insert the words " make application for;" also
in the same proviso to insert after the words
"by rent or purchase" the words "not ex-
ceeding forty acres for each occupant."
The section, if so amended, will then read as
follows:
That tlio occupants of land under Major General
Sherman's special field order, dated at Savannah,
January 10, 186t>, are hereby confirmed in their pos-
sesion for the period of three yours from the date of
said order, and no person shall be disturbed in or
ousted from said possession during said three years,
unless asettlemontshall bo made with said occupant,
by tiie former owner, satisfactory to the Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau: Proi-idal, That whenever
the iormcr owners of lands occupied under General
Sherman's field order shall make application for res-
toration of said lands, the Comniis;aoner is hereby
authorized, upon the agreement, and with the writ-
ten consent of said occupants, to piocurc other lands
for them by rent or purchase, not exceedin<rioriy acres
for each occupant, or to set apart for them out of the
public lands assigned tor that purpose in section four
of this bill forty acres cach, upon the terms and con-
ditions named in said section.
The next amendment is in the seventh sec-
tion, in the third line, after the word "rebel-
lion," by inserting the words "and in which the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus is at pres-
ent suspended."
The next amendment is in the seventh sec-
tion. in the eleventh lino, after the word "es-
tate," by inserting the words " including the
constitutional righttobeararms," sothatitwill
read, "to have full and equal benefit, of all laws
and proceedings for the security of person and
estate, including the constitutional right to bear
arms."
The next alteration is in the eighth section,
by inserting after the word "rebellion," in the
fifth line, the words "and in which the privi-
lege of the writ of habeas corpus is at present
suspended;" and by inserting the same words
in the twenty-fourth lino after the word "re-
bellion."
Mr. Speaker, these are the alterations which
1 am instructed by the committee tomake.^and
it will be observed that the effect of them is to
limit the jurisdiction of the bureau, and that it
confines it to States within which the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus if now suspended.
