238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June *1,
Senate.
Reconstruction■—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
obedient to the authority. Constitution, and laws
thereof, or of any person whatsoever, unless for acts
which the law has previously declared to be criminal,
and for the punishment of which it has provided such
forfeiture or confiscation.
" 7. Mesolved, That it is the duty of the United States
to subdue and punish the existing rebellion by force
of irms and civil trials in the shortest practicable
time, and with the least cost to thepeople, but so de-
cisively and thoroughly as to impress upon the pres-
ent and future generations, as a great truth, that
rebellion, except for grievous oppression of Govern-
ment, will bring upon the Tebels incomparably more
of evil than obedience to the Constitution and the
laws.
"8. Resolved, That the United States Government
should march their armies into all the insurgent
States, and promptly put down the military power
which they have arrayed against it, and give pro-
tection and security to the loyal men thereof, to en-
able them to reconstruct their legitimate State gov-
ernments, and bring them and the people back to the
Union and to obedience and duty under the Consti-
tution and the laws of the United States,bearingthe
sword in one hand and the olive branch in the other,
and while inflicting on the guilty leaders condign and
exemplary punishment, granting amnesty and obliv-
ion to the comparatively innocent masses; and if the
people of any State cannot or will not reconstruct
their State government and return to loyalty and
duty, Congress should provido a government forsuch
State as a Territory of the United States, securing to
the people thereof their appropriate constitutional
rights."
What is the principal object of the major-
ity of the two Houses of Congress in playing
this bold and desperate political game ? They
are in power, and are resolved to hazard
everything to hold on to it. They have told
us in both Houses, and their papers have
echoed it a thousand times, that for three
fourths of the period since the adoption of the
Constitution the southern States had had pos-
session of the Government, and controlled its
power, patronage, and operations. They rea-
soned with themselves thus: if the late slave
States, with a population of 12,240,500, when
the free States have but a small fraction un-
der 20,000,000, and with one fourth less of
Representatives in Congress and not so many
presidential electors by a fifth, could hold pos-
session of the General Government three fourths
of the time, what chance will there be for us if
the freeing of their slaves is allowed to have
the effect of adding thirteen to their Represent-
atives, and the same number to their presiden-
tial electors ? The South will be as one man
against us, and uniting with the copperheads
in the other States, we shall be ejected from
power with no hope of a return. We can pre-
vent our overthrow only by a great augmenta-
tion of our political power, for which we have
two resources. Our friends dominate in all
the Territories. It is true they have each
only a population amounting to about one fifth
of the ratio of a Representative, but neverthe-
less we must erect them into new States. It
is true they would be of the English rotten-
borough system, but still they each would
have one Representative and two Senators and
three presidential electors. We want the in-
creased power that they would give us, and we
are entitled to it by the highest law which we
know or acknowledge—the law of party neces-
sity and our own self-presenation in office.
This general counsel was probably continued:
but our main hope and reliance must be upon
the negro vote, and we must devise some mode
by which to give to freedmen the right of suf-
frage. To us they owe their freedom, and they
know and are grateful for it; let us place in
their hands the great lever of political power,
suffrage, and wo will put them under obliga-
tions that will bind them to us at least for this
generation. Reenforced by the vote of the
freedmen, we can carry the next presidential
and congressional elections, and secure to our-
selves the continuance of power, its offices and
rich spoils. We have, too, that piece of cun-
ningly devised machinery, the Freedmen's Bu-
reau ; that is of itself a government; our con-
venient collateral; by our management of it
we can keep up distrust and hostility between
the black and white races in the southern
States; we can get possession of the freedmen,
{lie only laborers in cotton-fields, which will
give us, also, necessarily, the possession of
those fields ; and with the aid of our friends
and accomplices, the officers and agents of
the Freedmen's Bureau, and their supporting
military police, we will be the cotton kings,
and control the political power of the southern
States.
This is a eompend of the schemes and policy
of the radicals, and explains why the country
cannot have union, peace, and the reinstate-
ment of the Constitution, and laws, and the
admission of the southern States to their right-
ful power in the Government though the war
has been so long over. The Senators and Rep-
resentatives of those States admitted, and the
radicals would be in the minority in Congress,
and be soon exiled forever from office and plun-
der. Their cry for justice and protection to the
freedman is a most hollow pretext of ambition
and selfishness under the guise of justice and
humanity.
Their scheme is not characterized by wis-
dom, even in the councils of wickedness ; but
it is preeminently novel, daring, unpatriotic,
and reckless of justice, law, and the Constitu-
tion. The admission as States into the Union
of Territories with not more population than
a single county should have to maintain its
local government and institutions; the excis-
sion of the eleven southern States from the
Government of the United States; the expul-
sion of Senator Stockton, of New jersey, from
this body; the organization and proposed en-
largement of the Freedmen's Bureau; the civil
rights bill; the formation of a novel and anom-
alous cabal to devise in its secret conclaves
most important and unprecedented measures
to be registered and passed by the two Houses;
the character of the measures which it reported
and recommended to Congress ; the submission
by the majority of the most important questions
of policy and constitutional law to a secret cau-
cus, and their agreement that every man would
ignore the conclusions of his own judgment and
conscience where they might differ from the
decisions of the caucus, and, regardless of all
conflict with the Constitution, and all sacrifice
of the public good, they would support its de-
cisions—it is difficult to believe, tigit in this
early age of our country, so near to the stead-
fast and stainless virtue of our fathers, a party
should in the presence of the American peo-
ple deliberately accept such a horrible pro-
gramme and live a day; but it is impossible
that it can survive long!
Mr. President, to see scores of "tinkers " in
ignorance, conceit, and frenzy dashing at the
Constitution, disadjusting its admirable har-
mony, mutilating it of some of its most valua-
ble and vital principles, and raging to deform
it with their vicious crudities, it brings up the
idea of a herd of bulls breaking into a china
store of matchless beauty and value, tramping
around, and disorganizing and befouling every-
thing which they did not break and demolish.
The Constitution of the United States is the
consummation of all statesmanship. Never
before or since it was formed was there em-
ployed so large an aggregate of ability, expe-
rience, and virtue in founding a Government.
It was to be made for thirteen independent
sovereign States, and the great objects to be
secured by it were liberty, empire, and strength.
The States hiid each for itself a perfect govern-
ment, and fheir Articles of Confederation for
the union and defense of all had proved wholly
inefficient. The State governments were pre-
served, and all sovereignty and political power,
but what was delegated by the Constitution to
the common Government, was retained by the
States respectively; and each one was left in the
exclusive possession of the power to govern and
cont.rolits ownpeopleand affairs, so far as they
were local to the State; and the affairs of the
common Government, of the States, and the
people of the different States, in their relations
with foreign nations and each other, were in-
trusted to the eommon Government. It was n
mixed Government—in some of its features na-
tional, in some Federal, and in others blended,1
and a few were unique. Its powers were care-
fully arranged into three general classes, legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial, and each assigned
to a separate and coordinate magistracy, and
thoir connections with each other were adjusted
with great skill, to make them mutual checks
and balances and prevent their encroachments
on the rights and liberties of the people and
the powers of each other. Without reading
the" masterly and luminous analysis which Mr.
Madison, in the forty-ninth number of the
Federalist, gives of it in the extent, nature,
classification, and division of its powers, and
the sources from whence they are derived, I
will present to the Senate his closing summary:
"The proposed Constitution, therefore, even when
tested by the rules laid down by its antagonists, is,
in strictness, neither a national nor a Federal Con-
stitution, but a composition of both. In its founda-
tion it is Federal, not national; in the sources from
which the ordinary powers of Government are drawn
it is partly Federal and ljartly national; in the oper-
ation of those powers it is national, not Federal; in
the extent of them, again.it is Federal, not national;
and finally, in the authoritative mode of introducing
amendments, it is neither wholly Federal nor wholly
national."
Mr. President, to eradicate or change mater'
rially one of the important principles of this
complicated piece of polical machinery is a
very grave business, and the effects in marring
its symmetry and perverting its operations can
only be known by time and experience. It
may, however, always be certainly assumed
that they will prove greater and more mischiev-
ous than they were intended or even anticipated
to be. If there is any human institution which
ought to fix permanently the affections, confi-
dence, and veneration of the American people,
it is the Constitution made for thorn by the
wisest and most virtuous statesmen that have
ever lived in the tide of time. It is not, can-
not be free from imperfections; but what seem
often to many persons lo be imperfections are
not; they are frequently excellencies. The
remedy of a seeming or even real defect may
prove to be a greater one; it may even intro-
duce several. When the Constitution is re-
touched, the movement should be made by able,
patriotic, and pure men, who are further qual-
ified for the difficult and important work by
the study of its principles and the close obser-
vations of its practical workings for longyears,
and at a time when the public mind is pro-
foundly composed.
Just at the close of the great civil war, when
the people are all divided in their judgment as
to the constitutionality, justice, and wisdom
of the policy upon which the party in power
have conducted it; when another great party
out of power believe that the whole country
have been wronged by frequent infractions of
the Constitution, and the usurpation of vast
powers for most sinister purposes by those
having possession of the Government; and
that they particularly have been outraged and
oppressed by a wanton and tyrannous exercise
of this usurped authority, and are exasperated
by a keen sense of their wrongs, and a burning
desire for satisfaction ; when the ruling party
itself is torn by a conflict between its majority
in the two Houses of Congress and the Presi-
dent and their friends and partisans ; and when
it is menaced with defeat and ejection from
power at the next general election, and its
chiefs and leaders only want to know what
means promise to give them success, and are
ready to adopt them, however desperate and
profligate they may be; at. a time when those
chiefs and leaders dominate, not only in Con-
gress, but in the Legislatures of all the free
States, and their desire for the continuance of
their power is so intense, so exorbitant, so im-
pure that they would sacrifice every claim of
justice to individuals, the wisest measures of
policy for the whole country, and the most val-
uable principles of the Constitution to achieve
their ends; at such a time, surely there should
