1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. Iwislitomakeonestigges-
tion to the gentleman in reference to his amend-
ment. I suggest to him that he modify the sen-
tence " States in which the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus is now suspended." I sup-
pose that, of course, means at the time of the
passage of this bill, and that may bo a little in-
definite. I suggest to him that ho indicate some
particular time, say the 1st of January, 1866.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield at present to
that suggestion.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I have the
consent of the gentleman from Massachusetts
to occupy one moment in personal explanation,
and I will avail myself of it now.
I was not in the House when the debate on
this subject closed on Friday afternoon last, and
„rm( il I saw the Globe containing the proceedings
of that afternoon, I was not aware of some re-
marks which seem to have been made at that
time by my colleague on the other side of the
House, [Mr. Chanter.] I find tliat while al-
luding to a letter said to have been written by
General Sherman to the President of the United
States in regard to his appropriation of certain
lands for the use of negroes in the Sea Island
plantations, my colleague says:
" That letter should now bo before the country, and
in the hands. of this House. It was in my hands to
present to this House, but owing to the delay conse-
quent. on the debate, I withdrew my claim to present
it, and it was given to my colleague [Mr. Raymond]
to present to this House."
I know nothing about any such transaction
as is there narrated. I knew nothing of any
such letter having been placed in the hands of
my colleague. 1 knew nothing of his having
had any claim or yielded any claim to present
such a letter to the House, and I certainly
never for one moment dreamed of being a con-
testant with him for the presentation of such a
letter, or for anything else. And now permit
me to say in explanation of my connection with
that letfer simply this: I was told in conversa-
tion with a gentleman from South Carolina, from
whom I endeavored to obtain information on
this subject, that such a letter had been written,
and be showed mo the original letter. I asked
him if he had any objection to my taking a copy,
not for presentation to this House, but for pub-
lication in a newspaper with which 1 happen to
be connected, and he assented at once ; and it
was thus, and for that purpose only, that the
letter came into my hands. That is all I wish
to saj' upon that subject.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts will per-
mit me for a moment longer, I will avail myself
of this opportunity further to say that the gen-
eral purpose of this bill seems to be one that
this Congress has no right to refuse to take some
steps to attain. We owe, as a duty to those
who have been sot free, the protection which
this bill affords.
I have no apprehensions as to the practical
workings of this law. So far as I have been
able to collect information from all quarters—
and I have taken some pains to do so—1 find
that this law, like most other laws on our statu! e-
books, works well where it is well administered.
The practical operations of this bureau will de-
pend upon the character of the agents into whose
hands its management is intrusted. 1 certainly
have no apprehension in this respect. I do
not for one moment fear that the agents who
will be appointed to carry this law into execu-
tion will not use the powers conferred upon
them for the fuitheranco of the great object
which we all have in view—the reconciliation,
the protection, the security of all classes of
those who are now our fellow-citizens in the
southern States.
I believe that the law will be well carried
out. I am quite sure that it will work well. I
have no apprehension that it will result in the
evil consequences so eloquently depicted on Fri-
day last, by the gallant gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Rovsseau.]
I am greativ obliged to my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] for the opportunity
which he has afforded me to make these re-
marks.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Emot] allow me to say a
few words, in order to set myself right?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir, not now.
Mr. CHANLER. Not for a personal expla-
nation in reference to the matter under debate?
Mr. ELIOT. I decline to yield to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Chanler. ] I
have already agreed to yield a few moments to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabaroer.I
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor, and he de-
clines to yield to the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. CHANLER. Now, sir, I appeal to the
House. The gentleman refuses to yield to me
for a personal explanation in regard to a matter
in which I am personally concerned 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is out of order. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor without inter-
ruption.
Mr. ELIOT. I have promised to yield a few
moments to my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Siiella-
barger.]
Mr. CHANLER. I object to the gentleman
yielding, unless he yields unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to yield to whom he pleases.
Mr. CHANLER. If the gentleman excludes
mo from occupying the floor he should exclude
others.
The SPEAKER. The rule under which the
gentleman from Massachusetts has the right to
yield to any member will be read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
"While a member is occupying the floor ho may
yield it to another for explanation of the pending
measure as well as for a personal explanation."
Mr. CHANLER. Well, I ask the gentle-
man to yield to mo for a personal Explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the right to yield to the gentle-
man from New York, or to decline to do so ;
He declines; and the Chair protects him in his
right.
Mr. SHE IjL A13 AUG BR. I suggest the fol-
lowing amendment, which I hope will be ac-
cepted by the committee on freedme.n. 1 have
shown it to all the members of the committee,
except perhaps one.
Add at the end of section three tho following:
Prowled .Thai: no person shall be deemed destitute,
sutFcrin:;. or dependent upon the Government for sup-
port, within the meaning: of this act, who, beimr aUe
to find employment, could, by proper industry and
exertion, avoid such destitution, suffering:, and de-
pendence.
Mr. CHANLER.. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to allow me to make a
statement. [Oriosof "No!" "No!"] Tsimply
desire to say that I never asserted that my col-
league [Air. Raymond] was under any obli-
gation to present the letter which has been
referred to. My knowledge of the facts was
limited to his possession of the paper 
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman fromNew
York is oat of order. He mustresumehisseat,
or the Chair will be compelled to enforce the
rule. Tho gentleman has several times ap-
pealed to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who has refused to yield.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 beg pardon of the Chair.
I appealed to tlir> gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has no i ight to yield tlio floor.
Mr. CHANLER. Of course I did not know
that. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio is not in order at the
present time.
Mr. SITELLABARGEli. I was in the hope
it would be accepted by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. _ j
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection to accept it. j
Mr. STEYPjNS. I understand the gentle- |
man from Minnesota [Mr. Doxnelly] will
withdraw his amendment so as to allow me to
submit my substitute.
Mr. DONNELLY. I withdraw my amend-
ment, because the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevexs] has informed me that he
has embodied that amendment in the substi-
tute for the whole bill which he is about to ofF«jr-
Mr. STEVENS. I how offer a substitute*
for the whole bill.' ' -
Mr. ELIOT. I think the alterations iff the
bill made by the substitute can be rfead by the
Clerk in one minute.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to state the&.
The first is in section four, lino six. I insert
the words "and from forfeited'estates of"the
enemy;" so that it will read: ' '
■ ?K0'v Andhc it further enacted. That the President
is hereby authorized to resorvo from sale or froift set-
tlement, under the homestead or preemption laws,
ana to set apart for tho use of freedmep and loyal
reln^ec*:, hi ate or female, unoccupied lands in Flor-
ida. Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas,
and from forfeited estates of the enemy, pot exceed-
ing in aU three million acres of good land: and tho
Commissioner, under tho direction of tho President,
shall cause the same from time to time to be allotted
and assigned, in parcels not exceeding forty acres
caeh, to the loyal refugees and freedmen, who shall
be protected in the use and enjoyment thereof for
such te/ni of time and such annual rent as may bo
agreed on between the Commissioner and such refu-
gees or freedmen.
The next is to strike out these words:
Based upon a valuation of tho land, to be ascer-
tained in "such manner as the Commissioner may,
under the direction of the President, by regulation
prescribe.
And in lieu thereof to insert, " not to exceed
ten cents per acre per annum 5" so that it will
read:
Tho rental shall bo not to exceed tencentsper aero
per annum.
That is to give them homesteads at ten cents
per acre instead of at their full value.
The next amendment is to strike out the
words "the value of the land as. aforesaid,"
and to insert i'not exceeding two dollars per
acre;" so it will read:
At tho end of such term, or sooner, if the Commis-
sioner shall assent thereto, the occupants of any par-
cels so assigned, their heirs and assigns, may pui-
ohasc the land and receive i£ title thereto from tho
United States, in fee, upon paying therefor not ex-
ceeding two dollars per acre.
Section five is as follows:
Sue. 5. Andbe il further enacted. That tho occupants
of land under Major General Sherman's special held
order dated at Savannah, January 10,180.5, are hereby
conlinncd in their possession tor the period ot three
years from the date of said order, andno person shall
be disturbed in or ousted from said possession during
said three years unless a settlement shall be made
with said occupant, by the owner, satisfactory to the
Commissioner of (ho Freedmcn's IJureau: Provided,
That whenever th"fc owners of hinds occupied under
General Sherman's field order, shall be entitled to
restoration of said lands, the Commissioner is hereby
authorized, upon tho agreement, and with thowritten
consent of said occupants to procure other lands for
them by rent or purchase, or to set apart for them,
out of the public lands assigned for that purpose in
snelion four of this bill, forty acres each, upon tho
terms and conditions named in said section.
I move to strike out these words, "for the
period of three years from the date of said or-
der," and the words " during said three years,"
and to insert the word u former " before ''own-
er. " I may say these lands were given to these
people with .the understanding they were to
possess them "until Congress decided the title.
The lands are the lands of rebels which were
abandoned and seized. This bill authorizes
their being turned out at the end of three years,
which 1 wish to avert. To turn them out is an
outrage I would never vote for.
Then comes in the amendment of my distin-
guished friend from Minnesota, [Mr. Don-
nelly :]
After the word "schools," in line seven, section six,
insert the following:
And the Commis?ioncr may provide a cornmon-
pohool education for all refugees or freedmen who
shall apply therefor.
I move then to strike out of sections seven
and eight the words ''except as a punishment
for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted." I do that for this reason:
although that was put in the constitutional
amendment, it does not necessarily come in
here. Under the pretense of that very clause
they are taking men, as I have authentic infor-
mation, for assault and battery and selling them
into bondage for ninety-nine years.
Mr. Speaker, I would now suggest that we
devote this evening to discussion of this bill.
Wc can call the previous question and take the
