1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3639
go. The gentleman from Connecticut says it is
good for nothing. If it is not, it will not hurt
anybody. What the Committee proposes is forty
cents per pound. The gentleman from Ohio
moves instead twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
You do not put any other interest as low as that.
Why should this have less protection than
others? Show me any interest in which our
citizens have been induced to invest their
money tliat has so little protection.
Mr. GARFIELD. Flaxseed has not half
the protection.
Mr. STEVENS. Until lately the people
of Ohio raised flaxseed more for the seed and
threw away the .fiber. They had not gone far
enough to make it into cloth. I do not know
they do so to-day. They sent the cake to
Glasgow. I say, that if this manufacture be
broken down now it will be broken down for-
ever. Mines have been discovered in New
Jersey and some in Pennsylvania aud some
in Missouri. To strike out the duty as pro-
posed by the gentleman from Connecticut will,
as the gentleman from Iowalias well said, break
it down forever. You will find no man perse-
vering enough again to embark $"200,000 and
send to Europe for skilled labor. What has
come across the gentleman from Ohio 1 Has
he bought lately some German silver, or has
lie been where he found them working afeit,
that lie suddenly endeavors to put a less duty
on this than it deserves ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say that I
impeach no man's motives on this floor for his
advocacy of any measure, nor do I intend that
any one shall impeach mine. I have no interest
in nickel nor German silver, nor havel, indeed,
any nickel mines in my district like the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I only wish to see
justice done between the producers at the mines
and the manufacturers.
The question recurred on Mr. Garfield's
amendment to the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes sixteen, noes not counted.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. G^FiELDand
Mr. Steyexs were appointed.
The commitee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Hubbard, of Connecticut.
Mr. HCJBBARD, of Connecticut, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hubbard, of
Connecticut, and Mr. Stevens, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes. 54.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. According to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Iowa, I move
to make it thirty-five cents per pound.
The-committee divided; and there were—
ayes 27, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield
and Moorhead were appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
On Paris white, dry, one and a half cent per pound;
ground in oil, two and a liaif eetits per pound; on
whiting, dry, one cent per pound; when ground in
oil, two cents per pound.
On pens, metallic, fifteen cents per gross.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add the follow-
ing:
On pen-holders twelve cents per dozen, and, in ad-
dition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On pen-holder sticks and pen-holder tips imported
separately six ecnts per dozen each, and, in addition
thereto,' thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to insert the fol-
lowing :
On wood pencils not exceeding six and threo fourths
inchcs in length filled with lead or other material
fifty cents per gross, and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cctlt. ad valorem.
On wood pencils exceeding six and three fourths
inchcs in length an additional duty of the same
amount for every additional six and three fourths
inches in length..
The effect of the amendment is not to in-
crease the existing duty on lead pencils but
simply to prevent the commission of fraud on
the revenue which I am informed is frequently
resorted to. The ordinary length of pencils is
six and three fourths inches. Pencils are
imported twenty-eight inches long and then
cut into the ordinary length when they are
received here, so that a duty is paid only on
one gross when four gross are imported.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out, on
page 36, line sixty, "fifteen," and insert iu
lieu thereof "twenty," so that it will read,
"on pens, metallic, twenty cents per gross."
I learn that five cents a gross in addition
would enable tliem to make a fair profit, and
no more. I hope there will be no objection to
this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to the proposi-
tion, and hope it will not be agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to say that although
the duty under the existing tariff is ten cents,
there is an ad valorem, of twenty-five per cent.,
and I hope that duty will be added to the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. I think my amendment
affords sufficient protection.
Mr. O'NEILL. I aqi satisfied if my col-
league is. I hold in my hand a letter from a
leading manufacturer of steel pens in which
he tells me that in some custom-houses of the
country they count a gross of pens one hun-
dred and'forty-four dozen,'and he thinks that
we should provide what should make a gross.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock
n. m.
1 taililff bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on'the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofielp in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes, the pend-
ing question being upon Mr. Stevexs's motion
to amend the pending clause, on page 36, by
striking out "fifteen" andmserting"twenty,"
so as to make it read, "on pens, metallic,
twenty cents per gross."
Mr. MORRILL. The duty is now ten cents,
and we have increased it to fifteen. I hope
the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. Stevens's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by adding
an ad valorem duty of twenty-five per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
not persist in his amendments in reference to
this article. It seems to me that there ought
to be some limit and some moderation in pro-
posing amendments to this bill. I have en-
deavored to vote against all these propositions
for extravagant rates of duties, but I find it
impossible to keep them from being put in.
Mr. O'NEILL. Allow me to say a word.
It must be known to the members of the com-
mittee that the district that I represent and
the districts represented by my immSdiate
colleagues are, strictly speaking, manufactur-
ing districts. If there are any places in the
country where the manufacturers are paying
attention to this tariff bill and the proposed
amendments to it it is the districts to which I
have referred. Hence the frequency of the
offering of amendments by myself and my col-
leagues. I do not apologize to the committee
for doing it, for I am here to do my duty, not
only toward those I represent, but my duty to
my country at large. I intend to jjursue the
co"urse I have pursued, and that is to offer i
amendments when I think they are right. Now,
to come down to this particular amendment,
the manufacture of these pens is limited in my
neighborhood to one large establishment; I .
presume there are other large manufactories
in the country. These gentlemen whom I
know are largely interested in the manufacture
of these small articles of steel pens, and their
testimony to me is this: that under theproposed
duty, with the ad valorem, they can get along.
The duty now is ten cents a gross and twenty-
five cents ad valorem. The committee have
raised the duty to fifteen cents a gross, and
have taken off the ad valorem duty of twenty-
five per cent. Now, these gentlemen write to
me that under this tariff they cannot continue
the manufacture of these pens. We have raised
the duty on steel, an article that enters almost
entirely into the manufacture of these pens.
Mr. MORRILL. I am always ready to ac-
knowledge £n error. I acknowledge that the
advaloremon thisarticle, and also onthe article
of percussion caps, was accidentally omitted in
the bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. Then I will be satisfied if
the gentleman will put on the ad valorem. I
ask also that the number of pens that make up
a gross shall be specified as one hundred and
forty-four pens to the gross.
Mr. DAW.ES. I do not desire to op'pose
this particular amendment of the gentleman"
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill;] but I wish
to remind him of the fable of the dog who was
carrying meat over water, and not satisfied with
the substance let it drop and snatched at the
shadow. Now, my constituents are deeply in-
terested in this tariff, but I have not pressed
those interests for fear of jeopardizingthe whole
measure. I would rather have reasonable pro-
tection, because that which is reasonable and
not high will be more likely to be permanent
and to continue for the lasting benefit of my
constituents, whereas if it be too high, though
it may last through this session of Congress, it
may bring down upon my constituents a great
reduction.
Now, I think that if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would consult the interests of his
constituents, and perhaps he will not thank
me for telling him what the interests of his
constituents are, ho would not act upon the
resolution which he has announced tKftt he is
determined to act upon, and that is to get the
highest duties for his constituents whether or
no, because that may end in losing everything.'
Mr. WIN FIELD. If there ,is any way of
protecting ourselves against this perpetual talk
1 shall insist on that protection.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no protection
except under the rules of the House.
The question was taken on- Mr. O'Neill's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend sons to make
the duty five per cent. With the consent of
the talkative gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, I will say that if a stranger were
listening to our deliberations he would be sol-
emnly impressed with the deplorable condition
of our country. No gentleman has spoken on
this subject who has not disclosed the lam-
entable condition of the manufacturers of this
country; many of them are languishing and
likely to break up, and unless a high tariff is
passed, it appears that utter, irretrievable ruin
is to fall upon the manufacturing interests of
the country. I have observed during the prog-
ress of this discussion that there has been a
persistent effort on the part of all those repre-
senting the manufacturing interests of this
country to club together for the purpose of
fastening upon the country a high protective
tariff. I have never seen a scheme so adroitly
maneuvered for the purpose of filching money
from the consumers of this country and be-
stowing it upon the manufacturers as has been
exhibited by the action of this House.
Sir, if there is anything required beyond
what this Congress has already done to make
the country look with contempt and derision
on its action it will be the passage of this ini-
quitous measure which is now attempted to bs
