240
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jime
Senate.'
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39th Cons..... 1st Sess.
the numerous other amendments of the Con-
stitution which have been proposed in the two
Houses, but will proceed to the examination
of the one now before the Senate.
This proposition is in the form of a joint res-
olution proposing to amend the Constitution
by adding another article consisting of five sec-
tions, and has been passed by the House and
sent to the Senate for its action. I will read it:
Article— .
Section 1. No Stateshall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law; nor deny to any person
within its Jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws. ' r
Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned a nions
the several States, which maybe included fritftin
this Union, according to' their' respective numbers,'
counting the whole number of persons in each Stf*te,
excluding Indians not taxed. But whenever in; any
State the elective franchise shall be denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of age, or in any way abridged, except for par-
ticipation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of
representation in such State shall ba reduced in the
proportion which the number of such male citizens
shall bear to the whole number of male citizens not
less than twenty-one years of age.
Sec. 3. Until the 4th day of July, in the year 1870,
all persons who voluntarily adhered to the late insur-
rection, giving it aid and comfort, shall be excluded
from the right to vote for Representatives in Congress
and for electors for President and Vice President of
the United States.
Sec. 4. Neither the United S.ta,tes nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation already
incurred, or which may hereafter be incurred, in aid
of insurrection or- of war against the United States,
or any claim for compensation for loss of involun-
tary service or labor.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
The first objection I make to the measure is
that each of the five sections relates to a differ-
ent subject, and yet all are submitted as a single
proposition. The people might wish- to vote
for some of them and against others; and they
should be presented in such form as to give an
opportunity to vote separately on each. But
for some object that right has been withheld,
and they required to vote for all or against all
of them together.
Secondly, no considerable portion of the peo-
ple have manifested any desire to have these
changes made in the Constitution. This prop-
osition has originated with partisan leaders, not
to improve the fundamental law of our Gov-
ernment, but as a strategic movement in party
politics. It is the right of the people that these
proposed changes should be submitted to them,
but it was predetermined that this should not
be done, because those very leaders knew that
they would be rejected. If they had intended
to deal fairly by the people in so grave ,a mat-
ter, the resolution would have required the
proposed changes to be submitted to conven-
tions, to be chosen for the purpose of consid-
ering them, orto their Legislatures, to be elected
next after its passage. This course would not
have delayed the action of any State twelve
months, and the most of them not six months;
and there was no occasion for such great haste in
the important business of determining whether
so important an innovation of the Constitution
should be made. But the present Legislatures
of all the States not involved in the rebellipn
had been elected, and in the old free States as
long back as eighteen months. In these latter
States the Legislatures are known to be in-
tensely radical and to be willing to do blindly
the biddingof their leaders in Congress. They
were elected before the rebels had submitted
and in the very acme of the war excitement,
before there was any presentation or public
discussion of these proposed changes of the
Constitution or of the principles involved in
them; and they are not fair representatives of
the people of their respective States on the ques-
tion of the merits of this proposition. But the
considerations which render it improper for
those Legislatures to decide this great matter
determined the radicals in Congress to submit
it to thorn and them only.
_ But the Senate has amended the first sec-
tion of the proposed amendment, and it now
reads:
All persons born in the United States and subject to
the j urisdiction are citizens of the United States and of
the States wherein they reside. No State shall make
or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges
or immunities of citizens of th« United States, nor
shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law, nor deny to
any person within its-jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws.
The real and only object of the first provis-
ion of this section, which the Senate has added
to it, is to make negroes citizens, to prop the
civil rights bill, and give them a more plausi-
ble, if not a valid, claim to its provisions, and
to press them forward to a full community of
civil and political rights with' the \jhite race,
for which its authors are struggling and' mean
to continue to struggle. Except for the negro
there is no occasion for it, as all persons of
every other race born in the United States,
and subject to their jurisdiction, by the opera-
tion and effect of the Constitution are citizens.
This principle has never been controverted.
The next provision of this section, "no
State shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States" is unnecessary, because
that matter is provided for in article four, sec-
tion two, of the Constitution : " The citizens of
each State shall be entitled t'q all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States."
This provision comprehends the same princi-
ple in better and broadeiHanguage. The next
branch, "nor shall any State deprive any per-
son of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law," is objectionable, because in
relation to her own citizens it belongs to each
State exclusively, as being of her own reserved
sovereignty and rights, to regulate that matter.
It is also unnecessary, because every State con-
stitution contains such' a provision, and'the
rights which it is intended to sec.ire are re-
garded by all asa most' important portion df
American liberty, and there is no-danger of
the removal of the defenses which the States
have thrown around them. To the remaining
branch, which is, "nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the'equal protection of
the laws," each of these objections apply with
equal and conclusive force.
The second section, which purports to estab-
lish the basis of representation in Congress, is
couched in language that is carefully ambigu-
ous, and was evidently intended to obscure its
meaning. It begins by adopting the Ameri-
can idea that representation among the States
should be apportioned according to their num-
bers or population; but provides that when-
ever in any State—
The elective franchise shall not be denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of age, or in any way abridged, except for par-
ticipation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of
representation in such State shall be reduced in the
proportion which the number of such male citizens
shall bear to the whole number of male citizens,not
less than twenty-one years of age.
The provisions of the Constitution should
be clear and concise, and irrespective of the
viciousness of the principle this proposition
should be rejected for uncertainty and prolix-
ity. Its true meaning was intended to be diffi-
cult to be reached, but when understood it is
a measure which shrinks from the responsibility
of openly forcing negro suffrage upon the late
slave States, but attempts by a great penalty to
coerce them to accept it. The radical majority
well know the deep if not unalterable opposi-
tion of the white race in those States to negroes
voting, and that by their constitutions and laws
that right is withheld from the whole race. In
the late free States the negro population is so
small that whether they vote or not is a mat-
ter of no political consequence, and could, if
allowed, take place to such a very limited extent
as would not excite a general or intense oppo-
sition am ong the white population. I will give
a table of the aggregate numbers of both the
white and negro races in some of the States
according to the census of 1860:
, „ ,. Whites. Blmha.
South Carolina  291,388 412,3-'0
Wisconsin  774,719 1J71
Mississippi  353,901 437,403
New Hampshire  284,036 ' (,-•&
Georgia  591.598 462,198
Vermont  314,389 709
Alabama :  526,431 435,080
Iowa   ,  673,884 1,004
Virginia ,   1,047,410 547,507
Massachusetts .1,221,464 9,062
Tennessee  826,782 282,019
Indiana    1,339,000 11,428
Kentucky  919,517 236,157
Illinois...'. 1,704,323 7,628
North Carolina  631,130 261,681
Maine  626,952 1,327
Is any one so green as to believe that, if the
condition of the old free States and of the
lately slave States named in this list was re-
versed, as to white and black population, that
a single one of the free States would now be
advocating negro suffrage? If he would have
the vestige of a doubt upon that question, and
wbuld only remember that but five of them,
notwithstanding the small mimimum of negro
population of each, have allowed suffrage to
negroes, he would doubt no longer.
According to the tables of 1860 there are,
in the old free States, of the black race a total
of 215,962, while in the late slave States there
are 4,214,300. The former, if inhabiting one
locality,- would be less than the ratio' for two
•Representatives, but the fraction would be
large enough to secure two; while the latter
would furnish the ratio for thirty-three Repre-
sentatives, and have a fraction over; but the
negro population in the free States is so small
in the aggregate and is scattered so sparsely
over twenty States as not to be available for a
particle of political power. In those States it
never did control a single local election, and a
combination of circumstances is very improb-
able that ever will enable it to be felt in any
election. It is of no importance, practically,
in them whether or not the negroes vote. In
the sfeve States this matter is widely different.
In two of them, the negro population prepon-
derates largely over the white. In several
others their relative strength is less dispropor-
tionate than what has long existed between
the free and the slave States, in the aggregate ;
and in all it is large enough to be a formidable
element of political power, and is sufficiently
concentrated, locally, to be available and effect-
ive. The natural antagonism between the two
races is irrepressible, and an equality of rights
and power between them, without interminable
strife, is impossible. One or the other must
have the mastery. The God of nature has
given it to the white man,. g,nd he has asserted
it from the beginning and will to the end. This
effort of people who have no negroes living
among them to force other people, with whom
they dwell in such formidable numbers, to con-
cede to them equality of civil and political
rights, whether successful or not, will have no
other result than to aggravate the war between
the races in the southern States, and is made
only to get the control of the negro there to
make him the instrument to subserve the most
selfish and sinister purposes.
The position that this provision is intended
to strengthen the sectional radical party at the
expense of the southern States, by coercing
them to bestow suffrage upon the negro, or with-
holding from them all representation upon that
population, is as certain as though it was so
expressed in the plainest language. Population
is first made the basis of representation, which
comprehends all residents, whites, negroes, mu-
lattoes, and foreigners, whether naturalized or
not; and having made all negroes citizens, and
they not being allowed to vote in any of the
late slave States, in them the basis of repre-
sentation is to be reduced in the proportion in
which the rnale negroes over twenty-one years
of age resident in them bear to the aggregate
number of their white citizens and those *aie-
groes added together. In plain and honest
