1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
responsibility of putting in shape the best bill
they can, which snail provide liberally for the
soldier according to his just expectations, and
at the same time take care of the interests of
the country at large.
Now, sir, it may relieve gentlemen to know
that the committee have had a sub-committee
at work on this subject, that they are prepared
to report a bill, but that the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaiub,] who is on the sub-com-
mittee which has had the subject in charge,
has been called away suddenly by the death of
a near connection in Boston; he is there now,
and the committee would prefer to wait for a
period of about eight days, during which, as I
understand by letter and telegraph from him,
he may be detained there, before making their
report.
I hope, however, leave will be given to the
committee to make that report at any time; and
the House may rely on it, if such leave be
given to the committee that at the earliest pos-
sible day, which certainly will not be two weeks
from this time, the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] having returned, the report will be
made, and 1 think the report will be satisfac-
tory to the House.
As to the committee not having reported
before, gentlemen must bear in mind that the
Committee on Military Affairs lias not been
called since early in the •session, so that we
have had no opportunity of reporting without
asking it specially, but we had proposed to ask
it specially, knowing how generally anxious
gentlemen here arc upon this subject and how
much anxiety there is outside.
I make these remarks because there seems
to be a sort of reflection on the committee in
this resolution.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. SchexokI yield to mo for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so if 1 have the
right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. SciienokI has no right to yield the floor
to another, as he holds it by unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. WARD. Thou I ask unanimous con-
sent.
No objection was made.
Mr. WARD. When I asked permission a
few moments ago to make some remarks, 1
desired to state that this resolution was not in-
tended as any reflection upon the patriotic gen-
tlemen who compose the Committee on Military
A (fairs. The House by a prior resolution have
already directed the Committee on Military
Affairs to report, a bill equalizing bounties. And
the point and object of this resolution, the only
intent of it, was to give the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs the right to report at any time.
Mr. SCIIENCK. If that is all the gentle-
man desires, I hope he will limit it to that, and
that the House will grant it. I was myself
instructed by the Committee on Military Affairs
to ask that permission of the House.
Mr. WARD. I will modify the resolution
so as to give the committee leave to report at
any time.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to say a word.
No objection was made.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I did not ob-
ject to the resolution because I was opposed
to the bill to which it, refers; I objected to it
simply because I thought it tended to reflect
upon the House for not acting earlier on the
subject. Now, I want to bear witness that so
far as I know the sentiments of the House they
are unanimously in favor of the measure, no
one individual more than another. It is a work
of difficulty and labor, and I have waited pa-
tiently for an opportunity to vote for it. That is
all I desire to say.
Mr. WARD. I ask leave to modify my reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded, the gentleman cannot
modify his resolution without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WAPuD. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent.
No objection was made.
Mr. WARD. I modify my resolution, as
follows:
Whereas the House on a previous occasion in-
structed the Committee on Military Affairs to report
a bill equalizing the bounty of soldiers and sailors;
and whereas early action by Congress is demanded
by the wants of many of these soldiers and sailors,
and tho widows and orphans of thosewho have fallen
on tho field, in the hospital, and in rebel prison pens;
and whereas this session of Congress is far spent and
no definite action hasyet been had upon the subject:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
have liberty to make such report at any time.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to state that the
Committee on Military Affairs are only waiting
for the return of Mr. Bi.aixe, who has been
called away, as I have stated.
transportation i'koji west to bast.
Mr. RAYMOND submitted the following
concurrent resolution:
Resolved hy the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a commission of five persons
be appointed by the President of the United States
to consider and report to Congress at its next session
upon the necessity of some more speedy, cheap, and
reliable means of transportation between the west-
ern States and tho Atlantic sea-board ; and to submit
some plan, whether by law or treaty, whereby tho
national Government can aid in providing for said
necessity if it shall be found to exist: Provided. That
said commissioners shall receive no compensation for
their services, and no payment of any kind except
for such traveling expenses as they may actually
incur in discharging tho duties imposed upon them
by this resolution.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have no desire to have
the question taken upon this resolution to-day
if it gives "rise to any debate, as very possibly
it may. I do not know but it should be in the
form of a joint resolution instead of in the form
of a concurrent resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. If the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymond] will consent, I will
move that this resolution be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not desire to have
tho resolution referred until some little debate
be had upon it, and the objects and reasons
for offering it have been stated. I prefer,
therefore, to have it go over under the rule.
The resolution accordingly went over under
the rule.
Mr. SPALDING. I move the concurrent
resolution be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
payment of bonds lost and stolen.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York, submitted
tho following resolution, upon which he called
the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law some means by which the owners of
the bonds of th« United States heretofore issued may
secure their payment in case of their loss by robbery
or accident; and that they have leave to report by
bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
dictionary op congress.
_ Mr. HART submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the
House, an edition of the Dictionary of Congress
sufficient to make the quota of the House equal to
the quota of the Senate; and that the author of the
Dictionary be allowed forthecopyright thesame price
hitherto paid by Congress.
Mr. BE AM AN moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there we're—ayes
41, noes 52.
Mr. BEAMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 48, not voting
75; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Beaman, Benjamin, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Broomall, Cook, Cullom.Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Grinnell, Aaron
Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Hig-
by, Demas Hubbard, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Laflin,
Latham, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Mar-
shall, MeClurg, Melndoe, McKee, Morrill. Moulton,
Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Price,
John H. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Sawyer, Sohenck.Sco-
field, fenanknn, bloan, Thornton, Trowbridge, Elihu
B. Washburne, James F. Wilson, and Windo'm—GO.
NAYS—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter,
Bergen, Bidwell, Boyer, Cofiroth, Dawson, Dixon,
Eldridge, Ferry, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Hale, Hart,
Hill, Hogan, Asahel W.Hubbard, Edwin N.Hubbell,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Jenekes,
Kerr, Le Blond, McRuer, Mercur, Nicholson, Noell,
Orth, Patterson, Phelps, William II. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Stilwell, Taber, Taylor, Thayer, JohnL.
Thomas, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Henry
D, Washburn, and Winfied—4S.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
Banks, Barker, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee,
Brooks,Buckland,Bundy, Chanler,ReadcrW.Claike,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conlding, Culver, Darling, Del-
ano, Deming, Denison, Driggs. Dumont, Bckley, Far-
quhar, Finck, Garheld. Goodyear, Grider, Harris,
Holmes, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard.
John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, In-
gersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuyken-
dall, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Marston, Marvin,
McCullongh, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Newell,
Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rous-
seau, Shcllabarger, Smith, Starr, Stevens, Strouse,
Francis Thomas, Trimble, Upson, Robert T. Van
Horn, Warner, William B. Washburn ,\Vel ker, Went-
worth, Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—75.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was laid upon
the table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled the following
joint resolution; when the Speaker signed the
same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) in relation
to the public lands appertaining to the armory
at Springfield.
FISIIING grounds.
Mr. PIKE submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Whereas the Governors of several of the British
Provinces have publicly warned our fishing fleets off
the fishing grounds adjacent to their coasts, and thus
indicated a design to renew the unreasonable claims
made by them prior to tho reciprocity treaty, and
annoy our peaceable commerce: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to send a sufficient naval force to the fishing
grounds to protect our citizens ill the enjoyment of
their rights as recognized by the treaty of 1783.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Maine that there is a question whether
the rights we claim accrued under the treaty of
1783^ or tho treaty of 1818, and that therefore-
this is a proper subject of a preliminary inves-
tigation by one of the committees of the House.
Mr. PIKE. I modify the resolution so
as to say ''the treaty of 1783 or subsequent
treaties."
Mr. CONKLING. This is too important a
matter to be disposed of under the previous
question.
Mr. PIKE. It is a mere police force which
seems to be rendered necessary.
The SPEAKER. If it gives rise to debate
it must go over.
Mr. PIKE. A thousand vessels are on their
way to the fishing grounds now.
Mr, RAYMOND. Is a motion to refer in
order?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, the House divided; and there were—
ayes 27, noes 45, no quorum votino-.
Mr. SPALDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pike and
Raymond were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it go to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest the committee on
reconstruction.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
moved that the resolution be referred to the
