3640
fHl dOMGRiMlO^AL &wm.
July %
fastened upon the peddle of the country. Gen;
tlemen bate openly combined here on the
principle that "if you'll tickle tne I'll tickle
you 'if you will vfr'te to fas'tei* upoti the Coun-
try a high protective tariff for the benefit of
the interest that I , represent, I witl vote fot
your interest. It such ccirtu^t' Bargain
arid ifttrigues its these that it is utteiri^eil to
fasten this iniquity upon the free people of ihts.
country.. I tell you, sir. they \vill spurn' it
from theili'.
[Here the hammer fell. ] '
Mr.' MORRILL. One of the greatest iniqui-
ties in relatioti to this bill, one of the most pre-
posterous metionVtMl lias "been made, was a
m<Jtfoit taade by the gentleman from Illinois
himself; which was happily defeated. 1 move
to amend by inserting after the words "per
gross" the words "of one hundred and forty-
four penS, and, in addition thereto, twenty-
five per cent, cca valorem."
Mr. O'NEILL. I certainly understood the
chairman of th,e Committee of Way's and
Means [Mr. Morrill] to accept my amend-
ment, wljieli is the sanse as he tins moved.
Mr. M'ORRILL. I am perfectly willing the
gentleman froth Pennsylvania [Mr. 0'Neilt,]
should have the credit of the entire amend-
ment; I only desire to put it in the proper
. shape.
Mr. O'NEILL. That is just exactly what I
want, the credit of my own amendment.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the ariiendinent
of Mr. O'Neill, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert after
line sixty, "on hair pins made of irort wire
fifty per cent, ad valorim."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On percussion caps, ten cents por thousand.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this lino
by adding the words "and forty percent, ad
valnrt.m.."
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say a *word or two upon this question of per-
cussion caps. The percussion caps that are
now imported from England are worth about
$1 80 per thousand, being the best water-proof
caps. The French percussion caps at'e worth
about fhirt.y-ftmr cents per thousand. The con-
sequence is that the forty percent, ad valorem
.duty amounts to about fifty-two cents on the
thousand of the best English percussion caps,
and about fourteen cents per thousand on the
French percussion caps. And yet this bill, by
some mistake as I knew it must be, reduced
the whole to ten cents per thousand, far below
the present rate.
At the' beginning of the late war to putdown
the rebellion it so happened that the Govern-
ment was not able to produce percussion caps,
other than Navy percussion caps, sufficient for
a single regiment. And yet this interest has
now been so built up that we have become
entirely independent of the foreign percussion
caps. And I trust that nothing will be done to
neutralize that interest, but that we shall keep
within our control that and everything 'else wo
may need in time of war. I trust the time
■wili never Again come when we shall have to
go to Belgium for rifles or to England for per-
cussion caps. I now understand it was the
intention of the Committee to do what I thought
ought to have been done, to increase the tariff
upon percussion caps by retaining the present
duty of forty per cent, ad valor6m; and adding
ten ceftts perthousand, which I think is proba-
bly a fair tariff.
Mr. Mokrill's amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On photograph albums, portmonnaica, pocket-
books, wallets, cabas, and leather basts, and frames
for leather bags and povtmomiaies, sixty per eent.
cttt valorem.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to insert after the
paragraph just read "on fil&, or gold or silver
Spun on Silk, worsted or cotton bouillon, and
laml,- or flat wire, twenty per cent. 'aS'valotem.
That is for the p'urptise' of reducing the "duties
on Wo or three articles wlii'eh come into this
eoun'tfy as rai# lnaterf&l, bijjt up'On Which the
duty is highei than ri|i6'n tile, manufactured
iaMicle. . - . ,
Mr. MORRILL'. I frelTe^S' the amendment
of th!e geiitl'em&'ii: from Pennsylvania [Mr.
KelleY] is right.
The amendment Was dfree'd td.
The Clerli read as follows:
.On.plaster, calcined; one quarter of a cent per
pound. ' '
Mi*. PIKE., I -move to amend by inserting
after the word "calcined" the words' "or
ground."
The amendment Was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting after' the line last read by the Clerk
"on putty, two cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On soap-stone, free-stone, brown free-stone, sand-
stone, and all building §tone, oxcept marble, four
dollars per ton of fourte'on cubic feet.
Mr. SPALDING. I mov.e to amend this
paragraph by adding " on grindstones, finished,
rough' or unhewn, four dollars per ton of thir-
teen cubic feet." I ask that small addition for
the benefit of the grindstone manufacturers of
northern Ohio and Michigan. We have now to
compete with the grindstones from Nova Scotia.
The No va Scotia men can send their grindstones
to the New York market, all the way by water,
for three dollars a ton, while we are obliged to
send ours from Ohio and Michigan to the same
market at an expense of about nine dollars
per ton. If we put on this duty of four dol-
lars por ton it will still give Nova Scotia two
dollars the advantage of us. But with this
duty we think we can compete with them in
that market and furnish a better article than
is now obtained from Nova Scotia.
Mr. MORRILL. We have been in the habit
of importing rough grindstones free;- and they
form a very considerable item in establishments
for the manufacture of articles of iron and steel.
Some of them contain much more than thir-
teen cubic feet, large stones which are em-
ployed in the manufacture of edge tools and
scythes. I suggest to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] that he can hardly desire to
impose this duty on those very heavy articles.
The grindstones of Ohio will not be carried to
New York or New England whatever duty \ve
may impose. _ I hope that the gentleman will
not propose so high a duty upon rough grind-
stones, whatever we may put upon finished
ones ; and the latter form a very considerable
item and are usually mtich lighter in weight.
On the amendment Mr. SPALDING called
for a division; and there were—ayes 10, noes
25; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Spalding and
PlUCE.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 31, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. SPALDING. I am willing to withdraw
the call for a division and allow the amend-
ment to be regarded as rejected, -if I can have
a vote in the House upon this proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the pending paragraph by striking
out "four" and inserting in. lieu thereof
"five," and by striking Out "fourteen" and
inserting "thirteen," so that the duty shall be
five dollars per ton of thirteen cubic feet. I
understand that thirteen cubic feet, and not
fourteen, constitute the proper measure of a
ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. M ARSTON. I move to amend by add-
ing to the pending paragraph the following:
"and on Bristol stone's and Bristol brieks,
forty per cent, ad valorem.'\
Mr. MORRILL. Will not the gentleman
consent to thirty per cent.? There is no duty
upon these articles now.
■ Mrs MARSTON. There' I's a duty of ten
p'6'r.eeiit.; but I am willing to do whatever the
ch&i'rtnan o*f the. Committee of Ways and
Means says is right.
Mr!" RADFORD: I rise t'o ask the chair-
man of the committee by wE&t authority these
bargain's are made m this way. A proposition
hieing m&de, he 'tfffei'S & compromise right fti
thei-facet# the Hottse. It does seem to me
that if this whole tMng i's to be farmed out irv
this way, the getitlemen wlro have the authority
to control this matter had better, pteseri.t at
once what they are willing the House shall
adopt, and let us be done with the subject, so
that we may go on with other businessi
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman m'eari&
to intimate that I have made any bargain with
anybody, I utterly repudiate such an imputa-
tion. I. merely asked whether the gentleman
would not be satisfied with thirty per eent.j -
believing that to be as high a rate of dnty as
the committee ought to vote, and for no other
reason in the world, and there was nothing of
bargain about it and nothing improper.
M*. MARSTON. I modify my amendment
by striking out " forty'' and inserting " thirty."
The amendment, a's modified, was agreed to;
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "free-stone" the words
"grindstones finished;" so that the paragraph
will read, "on soap-stone, free-stone, brown
free-stone, grindstones finished, sand-stone,
and all building stone, except marble, five
dollars pet ton of thirteen cubic feet." I
think that this will comport with the views tff
the.chairman of the committee.
Mr. MO RRILL. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that imported grindstones
are never sold by the square foot; and he
had better 6x the duty at so much per ton. I
suggest to- him that the article of grindstones
finished had b'etter be included in a separate
paragraph.
Mr. SPALDING; I modify thy amendment
so as to add after the pending paragraph the
following: "on gria'dstorie's finished, five dol-
lars per ttih*" - f
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On trays and waiters, ;md- all othsr articles- of ja-
panned, f<i U, or plated ware, not herein otherwise
^provided for, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking otit ''fifty" and
inserting "sixty." I presume that if the Com-
hiittefeof Ways and Means had had proper in-
formation they "would not have fixed the duty
at less than sixty per cent. This branch of
manufacture is just becoming established in>,
this country. Under the present tariff the ad-
vance in the cost of materials has more than
counterbalanced the advantage arising from
the duty. The increased cost of varnishes re-
sulting from the advanced price of alcohol will
render it impossible for this branch of industry
to sustain itself unless additionial protection ba
given.
Mr. RADFQRD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking oat "sixty" and in-
serting "thirty." I cannot see the propriety
of increasing these duties, especially when it is
proposed to make them prohibitory. I believe
that the object is to prohibit the importation of
these articles; and for that reason I move to
reduce the duty to thirty per cent. I hope thai
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. LE BLOND- Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to both the pending amendments for
the reason I believe they are too high. I
believe the duty is too high even as proposed
by my friend from New YotIc [Mr. Radford]
on my left. I am not a little surprised to find
gentlemen moving on all occasions increase of
duties and assigning as a reason that the men
who are engaged- in the manufacture of the
particular article eariiiot lire unless there is a
higher duty made in order to afford protection.
Sir, I have sat here during the entire time this
bill has been undergoing examination, and I
have yet to hear from that side of the House a
single gentleman say that the men who are the
