1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
Committee on Foreign Affairs, with leave to
report at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'8 DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER stated, as the next business
in order, a resolution offered on the I9th of
March, by Mr. McCcijlough, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish this House with a list of the officers, vol-
unteer and regular, employed in the Quartermaster
Qonerat's department in this city; also their rank,
the particular duties performed by them, and the num-
ber of clerks serving in each bureau under them;
also, by what tenure the Seeretaiy of War holds the
Corcoran Art Building, what amount of rent is paid
for it per annum, and if a less expensive and equally
commodious and suitable building tor the headquar-
ters of the Quartermaster General cannot be procured
and thereby a large sa.ving to the country be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by adding :
And to report also whether any steps have been
taken for the confiscation of the aforesaid Corcoran
.Building.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then agreed to.
approval or tiie president.
The SPEAKER stated, as the next business
in order, the following resolution submitted by
Mr. D ivts on the XOfh of January last;
Resolved, That this House cherish the most entire
confidence in the patriotism and ability of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and in his debire to le-
fetore the Union on a basis of permanent prosperity
andpoaeo: and that the cooperation of this House
is pledged to him in support of the general policy of
reconstruction inaugurated by him in all modes au-
thorized by the Constitution and consistent with the
security of republican institutions.
Mr. DAYIS. Mr. Speaker, how much time
is there remaining of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
expire in ten minutes. But the Chair will state
that there is no special order pending in the
House for to-day, except an authority of the
Committee on Military Affairs to report .an
Army bill.
Mr. DAYIS. I yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Raymond.]
Mr. RAYMOND. I suppose, Mr. Speaker
that tin's resolution would not, under tlio ex-
isting circumstances of the case, pass the
House by a unanimous vote—at least without
some discussion. [Laughler.] I am desirous,
when it is acted upon, tu have it pass, and by a
vote as nearly unanimous as can be commanded
for it. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwei/l] thinks we had better not dis-
cuss it. I differ from him entirely on that
point, as I have the misfortune to differ from
him on many others. My own opinion is that
in that matter, as in all others, the truth is
most likely to be readied by discussion, pro-
vided that it be frank, manly, and fair, on
grounds of judgment and conviction, instead
of grounds of prejudice and preconceived
opinion.
I do not know whether the House is at
present in a proper mood to enter upon the
discussion in that spirit. I hope its discussion
will not now lie entered upon. I have no in-
tention to enter upon it myself unless it should
be necessary to do so in order to prevent what
might me called a snap judgment. I would
like to know distinctly what will be the effect
upon this resolution of the expiration of the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. By reference to page 34
of the Digest it appears that "it is the inva-
riable practice to permit a member, upon the ex-
piration of the morning hour, to take the floor,
even though another may be occupying it, to
make the motion to proceed to business on tlie
Speaker's table." If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] does not rise to report the
Army bill, and no member makes the motion
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table, the debate will go on.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I intend to make
that motion.
Mr. RAYMOND. I suppose there is no
intention on the part of the House to press this
resolution to an immediate vote. All that I
desire is that it shall be acted upon fairly when
it is acted upon at all. And if it is understood
that upon the expiration of the morning hour
this resolution shall be laid aside for subsequent
consideration, I shall be quite content, as I
have no doubt the gentleman who introduced
it will be.
Mr. SMITH. I would inquire whether or
not this question will not come up each morn-
ing hour until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. It will come up in the
morning hour on Monday, whenever resolu-
tions are called, and it will have to be disposed
of in some way before the call of the States for
resolutions can be resumed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps I can relieve the
mind of the gentleman in this matter.
Mr. SPALDING. Allow me to say that I
will not press my motion to take up the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] states that he will make that
motion.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The morning hour, I be-
lieve, has not yet expired, but the moment it
docs expire it will be in order for me to report
the Army bill and proceed with it as a special
order.
The SPEAKER. It is the special order
after the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am compelled to ask
the House to name another day for the con-
sideration of that bill. I have it ready with all
the amendments which have been agreed upon,
but, as I said in reference to another matter
this morning, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] a member of the committee who has
taken special interest in and lias been instru-
mental in putting into shape several portions
of the bill, has been called away to Boston by
the death of a member of his family. Ho
writes and telegraphs that ho sees no possibil-
ity, on account of tiie condition of the estate
and the family of the deceased, for his return
here before the 10th or 11th of April.
I would ask the House, under these circum-
stances, out of consideration to at least one
member of the committee, to lot the 12th of
April be assigned for the consideration of this
bill as a special order, and in the mean time I
will report back the bill and have it printed
just in the form in which I wish it considered
by tlio House, with all the amendments made.
If there be no objection, 1 ask permission to
report back the bill now, to have the amend-
ments and the substitute printed, and that it be
made the, spccial order for the l'Jth of April
after the morning hour, and from day to day
unlil disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymond J yield for that pur-
pose?
Mr. RAYMOND. I will make a single state-
ment. All I desired was to have an understand-
ing on the part of tlio House that this resolution
will not be acted on now, and that whenever it
is called up, such gentlemen as may feel that
justice to themselves as well as to the subject
requires them to say something on it may have
opportunity to do it. With that understanding
I am ready to yield the floor.
Mr. PAINIO. I wish to say that I object to
any understanding that woul d prevent any mem-
ber from moving to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. RAYMOND. I certainly should not wish
it laid on the table the moment it is eallcd up;
and I desire whenever it is called up to say
something in regard to it and of my own rela-
tions to the subject. Unless that arrangement
can be made, 1 shall bo compelled to retain the
floor and go on now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair. If the resolution should
bo referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, 1 suppose the House
could at any time, by a majority vote, go into
committee and take it up ; could it not?
The SPEAKER. The special orders in com-
mittee would have priority. There is an ap-
propriation bill in the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union ; when that is dis-
posed of there is no other special order.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. But a majority can
lay aside a special order.
The SPEAKER. They can as soon -as it is
rsficlisd.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I suggest to the
gentleman from New York that he refer the
resolution to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. RAYMOND. The only objection to that
is, that just now the resolution, so far as my
object is concerned, is under my own control,
and I can speak upon it now. I cannot, under
the arrangement he suggests, without the con-
sent of the majority of the House.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the dis-
position of the House is to leave this matter in
such a condition that it can be disposed of with-
out any discussion whatever. That will be the
policy of the majority. I have no right to put
myself against the will of the majority, except
in this particular case, so far as my own right
to be hoard is concerned. There, I think I
have, and 1 shall proceed with the discussion
of the resolution until the expiration of the
morning hour unless the suggest ion I have made
can be received and adopted by the House.
[ Cries of '' Go on!" " Go on 1" ]
Mr. Speaker, the resolution proposes to de-
clare the confidence of this House in the integ-
rity and patriotism of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and the wisdom of the policy by
which he proposes to restore the Union. Under
ordinary circumstances the passage of this reso-
lution would be simply a matter of course.
This House contains a very large majority of
Union men.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired and it is the duty of the Chair to call
up the special order made on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Sciienck.] The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond] is
entitled to fifty minutes on this resolution when
the House resumes its consideration. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has the au-
thority of this House to report the Army bill
to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now report back from
the Committee on Military Affairs House bill
No. 3(31, to reorganize and establish the Army
of the United States, with certain amendments
thereto. This bill, by order of the House, was
made the spccial order for to-day. For the
reasons I have already stated, I movc to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until
Thursday, (he 12th instant, after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the bill
and amendments bo printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would suggest that tho
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] submit
a motion to print extra copies of this bill, as it
is a matter in which the country fools great
interest.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will submit a motion to
print one thousand extra copies.
The SPEAKER. The motion will go to the
Committee on Printing under the law.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would suggest five thou-
sand extra copies.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Print-
ing can report any number they think proper.
j. c. o. kennedy.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the memorial of J.
C. G. Kennedy, late superintending clerk of
the census, in relation to tlio action of the Sec-
retary of the Interior concerning the third
volume of the Census Reports, reported the
same back, with a written report, which was
read, concluding with the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be dis-
charged from the further consideration ol the me-
morial of J. C. tt. Kennedy, under date of December
12,1805.
