1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE
consumers of these articles have been before
them for the purpose of determining what rate
of duty should be levied to raise revenue or to
afford them protection in any shape. The time,
it seems to me, has come when -we should look
to the interests bf consumers and not alone to
the interests of the manufacturers. How does
it stand ? By the census of I860 we have to-day
about thirty-four million people in the United
States; and by the same census we are told <jf
all classes of manufacturers there are some
eight million six hundred thousand. Of this
number about two millions or less are all that
are benefited by the tariff. Here is a propo-
sition that thirty-two million peoplte shall pay
abo^us to two millions in the shape of protec-
tion, which comes out of the consuming classes
of this country.
I am opposed to this bill from the beginning
to the end, and for the reason assigned by the
gentleman tvhy the committee should pass this
protective tariff and not for revenue purposes.
Not one gentleman has offered an argument
■why it should be raised for the purpose of in-
creasing the revenue, not one, but every argu-
ment from that side of the House is that in-
creased duty must be laid for the purpose of
protecting particular branches of business.
When you come down to the article of grind-
stones, every man comes here vho has a man-
ufacturing establishment of that article in his
district and asks an increase of duty'on that to
protect an interest of a few men engaged in it,
and yet tlie large number of men who use these
articles, who consume all the articles provided
in this bill, are never consulted for a single
mom*ent as to their wishes and wants.
I know that in the latter part of the bill they
have thrown a tub to the whale, and protected
broom corn and the article of corn which has
hardly ever been known to be imported in this
country. All that to the agricultural interest
is a mere blind. Merchants in New York re-
gard this present law as a prohibitory tariff
to some extent, and the proposition here is l(t
inerease it; and a Republican paper in Chicago,
which has given this subject a great deal of
consideration, has stated that under this bill we
will lose about one hundred and thirty-seven
million dollars. I &sk whether you are willing
to lose that for protection alone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Radford was not
agreed to.
. Mr. MORRILL. I move to reduce it to
forty-nine, for the purpose of saying that the
committee raised the duty from forty to fifty
per cent, for the reason that we have raised the
duty on iron from the present rates. I hope it
will be allowed to remain as we have reported
it. The gentleman from Ohio says that New
York importers declare our existing tariff is
prohibitory, when the fact is we have received
under it this last year over $109,000,000 in
revenue, which contradicts the declaration. 1
withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Gkiswold, and it was disa-
greed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On umbrellas and parasols, and sticks, frames, tips,
runners, wire, stretchers, handles, or other parts
thereof, sixty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to add after the
word parasols '1 seventy per cent, ad valorem.''
I do this because I see there is no discrim-
ination between the article already made up
and the materials that enter into the manufac-
ture of the article. They all pay the same duty
by the bill as it stands..
Mr. MORRILL. All the materials used in
the manufacture of this article are included,
as was done in some other eases, pen-holders,
for instance, in order that they should not be
imported in separate pieces and then be put
together in order to escape the duty. It was
for the purpose of taking care of the umbrella
manufacture that the materials were all put in
at the same rate. I trust the amendment for
a further increase will be rejected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On watches, watch movements, parts of watches,
and w£teh cases, of gold, silver, plated, or other
i metal, thirty per cent, ad valorem; on chronometers
of all kinds, and parts of clironomctcrs, thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
"On whfcs, -fifty feef cent, ad valorem,
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert as an
additional paragraph, "on gun-cotton, fifty
per cent, ad valorem." The materials of
which gffh-cotton is made are arranged for in
the tariff, and in ofder to make them harmon-
ize, or make them about equal, I think it is a
fair duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc.11. Andbe it further enacted. That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the importation
of tlie articles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid the following duties and
rates of duty, that is to say:
On allspice, oil of, twelve dollars per pound.
On ammonia, alcoholic, spirits of, fifty cents per
pound.
On analine dyes, crystal, seventy-flvo cents per
pound.
On analino dyes, paste, forty cents per pound.
On analino dyes, liquid, eight cents per pound.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I believe I have the ap-
probation of the committee in offering to amend,
by striking out the last three lines, so as to leave
the present duty retraining. I believe the com-
mittee were under a misapprehension in regard
to this business, supposing that it was not con-
ducted on a sufficiently large scale. Now, there
are two establishments in England and one in
Prance, and we have two in this country, for
the manufacture of this article. I propose,
after striking out. these three lines, to offer a
substitute imposing a duty on the crude article,
l submit whether that does not meet the appro-
bation of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not particular in re-
lation to this matter, and if no other person in
the House objects, I will not.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I now move to add in
lieu of the lines_ stricken out> "oncrudeanaline
oil ten per cent.''
. The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On anhydrous boraeic acid, twenty-five cents per
pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out'' five''
and insert "seven;" so that it will read,
"twenty-seven cents per pound." I find on
further investigation and information from
scientific gentlemen, that twenty-seven cents
is the proper rate in proportion to the duty on
borax and boracic acid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move to transfer lino
thirty-six so as to have it come in after the line
last read, as follows:
On liydrated boracic acid, twelvo cents per pound.
Mt. MORRILL. I move, in the first place,
to strike out "twelve" and insert "fifteen."
The amendment was agreed to; and the
transfer was accordingly made.
The Clerk read as follows:
On anodyne, Hoffman's, seventy-five conts per
pound.
On arsonie, and on arsenous and arsenic acid, ten
per cent, ad valorem.
On black lead or plumbago, ono cent per pound.
Mr. HALE. I move to add after the word
"cent" the words "and a half," so that it will
read one cent and a half per pound." I
understand this is assented to by the commit-
tee. I move it on the ground of increasing the
revenue with incidental protection.
Mr. LB BLOND. That is refreshing to this
side of the House, surely. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to insert on page 38,
after line fifteen, "on crucibles made wholly
or in part of plumbago or black lead, forty
per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to
inquire of the Committee of Ways and Means
the reason for doubling the duty on plumbago.
I move to amend the clause by striking out
"one cent" and inserting "one half cent."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On burning fluid, three dollars per gallon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after that
clause, "on carmine, lake, and woodlake'watei?"
colors, forty per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the clause in rela-
tion to burning fluid, I move to strike out
"three" and insert "two," so as to make the
duty two dollars per gallon. I am under the
impression that this provision of the bill mustbe
a mistake. The Committee of Ways and Miians
could not have intended to put the duty soffigh.
When General Jackson was asked if he was in
favor of a tariff, his answer was that he was in
favor of a judicious tariff. I am in favor of a
judicious tariff. I think some things.ought to
be taxed and some ought not. I think that
luxuries and ornaments ought to be taxed, and
taxed heavily, but I think that such things as
air and- water and light ought not to be taxed.
I understand this to be a tax upon light. I
recollect that the present chairman of this com-
mittee, [Mr. Soofibld, ] made a very handsome
speech in regard to furnishing light to the poor
man. 1 am in favor of furnishing light to the
poor man, and I think this is a mistake. I
have moved to reduce the duty rse dollar in
the hope that some other gentleman will feel
disposed to reduce it still lower. I do think
that we should furnish light in the cheapest
manner possible, and I hope that my amend-
ment will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. The reason forraising the
duty on this article is apparent to every one in
the House who knows anything about the ma-
terials from which the article is made. It is
made from alcohol and spirits of turpentine,
and the duty on the alcohol if only one half the
quantity were used would be two dollars per
gallon. As to this article being used by the
poor, I suppose it has been obsolete since the
discovery of petroleum, a superior article at
half the price4 Why, sir, instead of reducing
the duty on tfis article, I would rather enact
that the man who invented it should be hung,
for until petroleum was discovered not a week
passed that you did not read in the newspapers
of some accidents by which some persons lost
their lives by the explosion of these burning-
fluid lamps. There was no week when it couid
not have been properly indicted as a murderer.
The question was taken on Mr. Henderson's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cloves, oil of, three dollars per pound.
On cologne water and other perfumery, flavoring
extracts, essences, tinctures, liniments, medicinal
compounds, and mixtures, of which alcohol forms
the principal ingredient, S3 50 per gallon, and, in ad-
dition thereto, fifty per ccnt. ad valorem.
On cordials of all kinds, sweet, three dollars per
pound.
- On ergot, oil of, ten dollars per pound.
On ergotine, ten dollars per pound.
On essence of cloves, three dollars per pound.
On ethers preparations or extracts, fluid, ail not
provided for, ten dollars per pound.
Mr. ROLLINS. I call the attention of the
Committee of Ways and Moans to that last
clause. I presume it is a mistake; the duty
should be one dollar instead of ten.
Mr. MORRILL. As the gentleman from
New Hampshire is an expert in these articles, I
should be disposed to yield to him in regard
to this matter, but we took the rate which is
inserted here from the report of the revenue
commissions.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move "to strikeout "ten"
and insert " one."
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentleman
if he knows what material fluid is made of.
Mr. ROLLINS. Alcohol.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, if it is made of al-
cohol the duty on the alcohol would be four
dollars a gallon.
Mr. ROLLINS. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to strike out "ten" and insert
"two."
The amendment was agreed to.
