242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
Senate.
JReconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
previous political experience and statesman-
ship, and has until this degenerate day com-
manded the confidence and veneration of the
people of the United States, and instructed
the minds and inspired the hopes of every in-
formed lover of liberty throughout the world.
The intelligence and virtue of the people give
to it the principle of life; thus sustained by
them, it would make their liberties and happi-
ness perpetual; that withdrawn, it becomes a
lifeless, soulless Utopian creation.
Shades of Washington, Hamilton, and Mad-
ison! how does the eagerness of threescore
ignorant, selfish, frenzied demagogues in one
Congress, each with a proposition to mar,
deform, disadjust, and disorganize your great
and harmonious work with their vicious and
revolting crudities impress you? What are
your hopes of the future of our country? Mr.
President, Montesquieu, Blackstone, and all
our own great jurists have written that the
concentration of the legislative, executive, and
judicial powers of Government in one man or
body of men makes a perfect despotism. Cer-
tainly the radical majority in the two Houses
have made persevering and audacious efforts
to concentrate in Congress a large amount of
those powers. All free Governments should
make every effort to avoid war, and especially
civil war, because all wars are unfriendly and
civil wars are often fatal to popular liberty.
The powers of a Government are unavoidably
augmented and energized during war, and then
there is generally an accord between the legis-
lative and executive branches, produced by the
active presence of a common clanger and a mu-
tual effort to avert it, that makes the chief ex-
ecutive officer the instrument to give effect to
their common policy and purposes. Power is
the great corrupter of man, and the engross-
ment of so much of it in the executive in time
of war as is inevitable, or as an ambitious and
able man can so easily grasp, often causes him
to form projects destructive of popular rights.
Then the most danger to them is to be appre-
hended from the executive, and it should be
the most attentively watched by the people.
But it is not so m the United States when
peace has returned. Generally men clothed
with power desire to increase it, and between
those to whom it is parted out in the same
Government there is a disposition to encroach
on each other and absorb more than belongs
to them. When they are not harmonized by
resisting some common attack, this rivalry
always exists, and a state of peace develops
it, and often to an extent to produce serious
disorder in the Government. From the nature
and organization of the legislative branch its
force is more efficient than that of the others)
it feels this superiority, and is consequently
most prone, not only to impinge upon thorn,
but to grasp powers which the people have not
confided to their Government.
E will read from the Federalist several pas-
sages bearing on this point. Ln No. 48, which
treats of the division of the powers of Goveim-
ment into departments, and which was written
by Mr. Madison, are these passages:
"It 3s agreed on all sides that tho powers properly
belonging to one of the departments ought not to be
directly and completely administered by either of
the other departments. It is equally evident that
noifher of them ought, to possess, directly or indi-
rectly, an overruling influence over the others in the
administration of their respective powers. It will
not be denied that power is of an encroaching na-
ture. and it ought to be effectually restrained from
passing the limits assigned to it.
" Will it be sufficient to mark with precision the
boundaries of those departments in the constitution
of the Gove] nment and trust to these parchment bar-
riers against the encroaching spirit of power. But
experience assures us that the efficacy of the provision
has been greatly overrated; and that some more ade-
quate defence is indispensably necessary for the more
feeble against the more powerful members of the
Government. The legislative department is every-
where extending the sphere of its activity and draw-
ing all power into its impetuous vortex.
"The foundeis of oui Republic have so much merit
for the wisdom which they have displayed that no
task can be less pleasing than that of pointingoutthe
errors i to ifh*eu they have fallen. A respect for
truth, however, obliges us to remark that they seem
never for a moment to have turned their eyes from
the danger to liberty from the overgrown and all-
grasping prerogative ofan hereditary magistrate, sup-
ported and fortified by an hereditary branch of the
legislative authority. They seem never to have recol-
lected the danger from legislative usurpations, which,
by assembling all power in the same hands, must
lead to the same tyranny as is threatened by execu-
tive usurpations.
"In a Government where numerous and extensive
prerogatives are placed in the hands of an hereditary
monarch the executive department is very justly
regarded as the source of danger, and watched with
all the jealousy which a zeal for liberty ought to
inspire. In a democracy, where a multitude of peo-
ple exercise the legislative functions, and are con-
tinually exposed, by their incapacity for regular
deliberation and concerted measures, to the ambi-
tious intrigues of their executive magistrates, tyr-
anny may well be apprehended, in some favorable
emergency, to start up in the same quarter. But in
a representative republic, where the executive mag-
istracy is carefully limited, both in the extent and
duration of its power, and where the legislative
power is exercised by an Assembly which is inspired
by a supposed influence over tne people, with an
intrepid confidence in its own strength, which is suf-
ficiently numerous to feel all the passions which actu-
ate a multitude, and yet not so numerous as to be
incapable of pursuing tho objects of its passions by
means which reason prescribes, it is against the enter-
prising ambition of this, department that the people
ought to indulge all their jealousies and exhaust all
their precautions.
"The legislative department derives a superiority
in our Government from other cireumstanccs. Its con-
stitution al powers being at onOe more extensive and
less susceptible of precise limits, it can with greater
facility mask under complicated and indirect meas-
ures the encroachments which it makes on the co-
ordinate departments. It is not unfrequently a ques-
tion of real nicety in legislative bodies whether the
operation of a particular measure will or will not
extend beyond the legislative sphere. On the other
side, the cxccutive power being restrained within a
narrower compass, and being more simplo in its na-
ture, and the judiciary being described by landmarks
still less uncertain, projects of usurpation by cither
of these departments would immediately betray and
defeat themselves. Nor is this all; as the legislative
department alone has access to the pockets of the
people, and has in some constitutions full discretion,
and in all prevailing influence over the pecuniary
rewards of those who fill the other departments, a
dopendenco is thus created in the latter which gives
still greater facility .to encroachments of the former."
This remarkable paper shows how thoroughly
the writer had considered the Constitution and
his perfect comprehension of the mode in which
the Government it proposed to organize would
work. With the benefit of observation and
experience to this day he could not have de-
picted more forcibly and truly the aggressions
of Congress upon the other departments, and
particularly the executive; and with what con-
fidence and audacity it is assailing the great
principles of the Constitution, without which
popular liberty cannot be preserved.
Mr. President, in our country loyalty is not
fidelity to a King or a President or Congress,
or to the men who administer the Govern-
ment, but to the Constitution. It requires the
proper support of the Government of the Uni-
ted States and of the States and their govern-
ments, for they are parts of the system which
the Constitution has built up, and it throws its
«3gis equally over them. Its claim upon every
citizen is to sustain every officer of the Gov-
ernment in the constitutional and legal dis-
charge of his duties, and to oppose him in every
departure from that rule, and above all to repel
every aggression upon the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, since the insurrection
broke out, the position that the States have no
sovereignty has been often and boldly assumed,
both in and out of the Senate. It is indeed
coming to be believed that the States are cre-
ations of the Federal Constitution, that they
exist in complete subordination to and by the
sufferance of the Government of the United
States. I think it is time that this dangerous
and growing heresy should be corrected, and
I will produce ample authority to refute it.
The tenth amendment to the Constitution is
of itself sufficient to settle this question :
" The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to tho States respectively, or to the
people."
Full and complete sovereignty comprehends
every political power, so that when there is a
partition and division of political powers be-
tween two Governments, the political sover-
eignty is divided between them. All legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial powers are parts
of the aggregate of political sovereignty; and
for a definite and correct conception of the
extent of this political sovereignty that the
Constitution confers upon the United States,
and that.is retained under it by the States, I
will read from No. 33 of the Federalist, written
by Hamilton:
14 If a number of political societies enter into a larger
political society, the laws which the latter may enact
pursuant to the powers intrusted to it by its consti-
tution must necessarily be supreme over those soci-
eties and the individuals of whom they are composed.
It would otherwise be a mere treaty, dependent on
the good faith of the parties, and not a government;
which is only another word for political power and
supremacy. But it will not follow from this doctrine
that acts of the larger society, which are not pursu-
ant to its constitutional powers, but which are inva-
sions of the residuary authorities of the smaller soci-
eties, will become the supreme law of the land. These
will be merely acts of usurpation and will deserve
to be treated as such."
Mr. Madison, in No. 52, when treating of
the Senate, says:
"In the spirit, it may be remarked that tho equal
vote allowed, to each State, is at once a constitutional
recognition of the portion of sovereignty remaining
in the individual States, and an instrument for pre-
serving that residuary sovereignty. So far the equal-
ity ought to be no less acceptable to the large than
the small States; since they are not less solicitous
to guard, by every possible expedient, against an
improper consolidation of the States into one simplo
republic.
"Another advantage accruing from this ingredient
of the Senate is the additional impediment it must
prove against improper acts of legislation. No law
or resolution can now be passed without the concur-
rence, first, of a majority of the people, and then of
a majority of the States."
This authority is not only directly in favor
of the reserved State sovereignty and rights,
but also impliedly, yet strongly, in its position
that a majority of the whole number of the
members of each House is necessary to pass
laws and resolutions ; a majority of the people
•and the States could not be represented by a
less^iumber of the two Houses.
Hamilton, in No. 17 of the Federalist, page
76, says:
"Commerce, finance, negotiation, and war, seem to
comprehend all the objects which have charms lor
minds governed by that passion, ambition : and all
the powers necessary to these objects ought, in the
first instance, to be lodged in the national deposi-
tory. The administration of private justice between
citizens of the same State, thesupervision of agricul-
ture, and of other concerns of a similar nature; all
those things, in short, which are proper to be pro-
vided for by local legislation, can never be desirable
cares of a general jurisdiction. It is therefore im-
probable that there should exist a disposition in tho
Federal councils to usurp the powers with which
they are connected," Sze.
On page 77 tho same writer says:
"There is one transcendent advantage belonging
to the province of the State governments which alone
suffices to place the matter in a clear and satisfactory
light: I mean the ordinary administration of crim-
inal and civil justice. This, of all other*, is the most
powerful, the most universal, and most attractive
source of popular obedience and attachment. It is
this which, being the immediate and visible guardian
of life and property, having its benefits and its ter-
rors in constant activity before the public eve, regu-
lating all those personal interests and familiar con-
cerns to which tho sensibilities of individuals are more
immediately awake, contributes, more than any other
circumstance, to impress upon the minds of the peo-
plu affection, esteem, and leverence toward the Gov-
ernment. This great cement of society, which will
diffuse itself almost wholly through the channels of
the State governments, independent of all other causes
or influence, would insure them so decided an empire
over their respective citizens as to render them at all
times a complete counterpoise, and not unlrequently
dangerous rivals to the power of the Union."
Again, Hamilton, in No. 23 of the Federal-
ist, page 104, says, speaking of the powers pro-
posed to be conferred on the Government of
the United States by the Constitution :
"The principal purposes to be answered by union
are these: the common defense of the members; tho
preservation of the public peace, as well against in-
ternal convulsions as external attacks; the regula-
tion of commerce with other nations and between
the States; the superintendence of our intercourse,
political and commercial, with foreign countries."
The same, No. 33, on page 144, says:
"If tho Federal Government should overpass the
just bounds of its authority and make a tyrannical
