2682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
cases merely coveringthe cost, and being some-
times less tlian the cost of manufacture.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Griswouj]
one question. In cases where the authorities
of the respective States in which these gas
companies are located have fixed the price to
be paid, does the gentleman propose by such
a lav as this to override the action of the
States ?
Mr. GRISWOLD. I propose that we shall
do in regard to gas companies just as we do in
reference to any other manufacturing compa-
nies. When our internal revenue law was en-
acted it provided specially that where con-
tracts as to price had been made the party
making the contract should have a right to
add the tax.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like the gentle-
man to state whence, in his view, Congress
derives the power to override the action of
States in matters of this kind.
GRISWOLD. Let me say to the gen-
tleman that I do not conceive that the ques-
tion of State rights has anything to do with
this matter.
Mr. LE BLOND. Well, I think it has
everything to do with it.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say merely a
word or two lest the House should be led
astray by the statements as to the immense
profits of these companies. I am somewhat
acquainted with the history of quite a number
of these corporations in the United States, and
I am satisfied that but few of them have made
large profits. One company in New York, the
Manhattan Company, another in Boston, and
I believe one or more out West, have made large
profits; but, taking them generally, throughout
almost the whole country, you can buy their
stock at less than par.
Mr. Chairman, in relation to the provisions
in this respect of the bill now before us, I think
that we had better leave them as they are. It
is not contended that the amendment proposed
will affect, the price of gas to the ordinary con-
sumer. With regard to ordinary consumers
the companies, whether this clause be in or
out of the bill, will have the same right to add
the tax or not, as they deem proper. The
effect of the provision in the bill is simply
this: that where in cities these companies are
bound by their charters, or by requirement of
law, to furnish gas at a certain rate, they are
allowed to add to that rate the amount of the
tax.
Mr. BGGLESTON. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Dodge] by striking out the
last word.
I desire to correct a misapprehension into
which members may have been led by some of
the statements which have been made. It has
been said that the jjrice charged by these com-
panies has in many cases been so low that they
could not realize any profit. My friend on my
left [Mr. Giuswold] says that the price in his
city is four dollars per thousand feet. Now,
I undertake to say that gas can be furnished in
his city for three dollars per thousand feet, and
still give an immense profit to the company man-
ufacturing it.
The distinguished chairman of the commit-
tee states, as I have understood him, that in
the eastern cities the gas companies are so be-
nevolent toward the consumers that they actu-
ally refuse to add this tax to their bills. Then,
again, he tells ns that the stock of these com-
panies is not remunerative—that the companies
are poor. If this be the fact, all I can say is
that they are model corporations. I believe
that wo should now place a firm hand upon
these monopolies, and say to them that they
shall pay their proportionate share of taxes ns
well as individuals who do business as manu-
facturers. "When you say to the plow-maker
and to the maker of reaping-machines that they
shall not add the tax to the cost of manufac-
ture you ought not to give to the gas compa-
nies the power to add it to their manufacture.
I know what I am talking about. I know that
the stock of gas companies in Ohio is worth
two hundred per cent., and yet in every instance
they put the tax on their bills. I want it taken
off.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONKLING. The theory on which this
section is based no doubt is this: thatthegreat
gas companies, the very extensive manufactu-
rers of gas, can make that article cheaper than
the smaller companies; that because they can
make it cheaper they will do so; that the price
of gas in the large cities will therefore be less
than in the smaller cities; and further, that
for the same reason the consumer can afford to
have the great companies pay a larger tax and
yet the net cost to him not be as great as it
would be if the smaller companies supplied it,
paying a less tax and incurring a greater cost
in the manufacture of gas. That, 1 think, is a
fair statement of the theory upon which this
section is based.
Now, what is the fact in practice? Surely
we all know—certainly my colleague knows—
that in the city of New York the gas consumer
pays a larger price than we pay in the city of
Utica. I find it to be the fact in practice that
the groat gas companies charge a higher price,
and then they take the tax which they have to
pay, without even disguising it in name, and
put it in so many words upon the bill, so much
in addition for taxes, and the consumer pays it.
Now, unquestionably this is a great evil, and
I think the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] looks in the right
direction ; and I think the amendment of my
colleague [Mr. Dodge] would be better if in
place of saying "where the rate is fixed by
charter'' he would modify it by saying "where
it is restricted by law."
Mr. DODGE. I accept that modification.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew it. I desire to say that
I believe under the present law no great injus-
tice is done to anybody. And I>believe I know
something about the manufacture of gas. I
think my colleague [Mr. Conkling] is mis-
taken when he says that he pays less for gas
in the city of Utica than ho would have to pay
in the city of New York. My impression is
that gas costs a dollar a thousand more in the
city of Utica than in New York. It certainly
costs more in Syracuse, and I presume it must
in Utica. In New York the price is limited
by the charters of the respective companies,
and they have been appealing in vain for the
last two or three years to the Legislature for
authority to increase the price to the consumer,
because they were unable to pay a dividend on
their stock.
The Manhattan Company, in New York city,
it is true, as was said by the chairman of the
committee, has been prosperous. But why?
Because in 1801, anticipating the great trouble
which we were to have in this country, they
bought three or four hundred thousand tons
of coal in England, and imported it at a low
price. Consequently they have had this large
amount on hand, and have been able to man-
ufacture at the old price, while companies not
thus restricted have raised the price one or two
hundred per cent.
I wish to say a word in reply to a suggestion
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le
Bloxd,] who asks whether we have power to
make tBis provision, as it now exists in the
law. I believe that in regard to every contract
of this nature, and every tax of this nature,
the national Government is supreme. The
Government has the power of taxation, and no
State has any authority to say to the national
Government that a tax levied for national pur-
poses may not be repaid in some way to the
company or to the party who pays it.
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman will
allow me a moment, I do not question the right
of Congress to tax, but I do question the right
of Congress to say that this tax that we have
levied shall be charged over against the con-
sumer and thus increase the rate that he is
required to pay by the amount of the tax that
the Government levies, when the States them-
selves may have limited the price that those
contracters shall furnish gas. You simply do
away with the law of the States in that matter,
and it does not reach the question of the right
of Congress to tax at all.
Mr. DAYIS. The gentleman then puts it
on the ground that there is no authority under
the Constitution to impair the validity of a
contract. That proposition I deny.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Dodge, as modified at the sug-
gestion of Mr. Cokki.ixg, to insert the words
"whose rate of charge is restricted by law" so
that the clause will read. " and all gas compa-
nies whose rate of charge is restricted by law
are hereby authorized to add the tax imposed
by law to the price per thousand cubic feet on
gas sold and it was.not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Stevexs, to strike out_the paragraph.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 move, pro
formd, to strike out the last word.
This proposition, it seems to me, is very ob-
jectionable as it stands in the bill. In name
it proposes to tax the gas companies when in
fact it exempts them from all taxation. It is .
a delusion and a fraud upon its face, and it is
a kind of legislation which wo ought not to
encourage. I do not quite agree with my friend
from Ohio, that we have not the power to pro-
vide by law that this tax may not be added to
the price of gas. I suppose that the high power
which Congress exercises in enacting a tax law
is sufficient to enable us to frame any provis-
ion which may be necessary to mafce the tax
effectual, and if it be necessary to provide by
law that the tax may be added to the consumer
we have power to do so. And while we have
power to do that we have power also, it seems
to me, to say it shall not be added.
What I want to propose—and I will suggest
it to the chairman of the committee—is that
instead of striking out this clause we strike out
these words, "and all gas companies are hereby^
authorized," and to insert "and no gas com-
pany shallso that it will read :
And no gas company shall add the tax imposed by
law to the price per thousand cubic feet oif gas sold.
Then if it is found that gas companies do
not make dividends, let the Legislatures au-
thorize them to increase the price. But let us
not by law profess to levy a tax on gas com-
panies when in fact we arc doing no such
thing, but exempting them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. That would be a very sin-
gular proposition, and one for which I do not
suppose anybody intends to vote. The propo-
sition to strike out this part of the law author-
izing a company to add the tax will not benefit
the consumers, for whatever amount of loss
from corporations they will be subject to on
that account they will be likely to add to the
price charged to consumers of their gas.
I move that the committee rise to terminate
debate on this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
House resolve itself again into Committee of
