1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3643
portant Vermont interest, if lie had not unfor-
tunately prejudged the ease by pronouncing
upon it in advance. He was pleased to say in
his opening speech on this bill that the pro-
duction of soda-ash,- so important an element
in the useful arts, and so essential for many
(domestic purposes, is one of those things in
which our-step-mother England eclipses all
other nations; that-the experiment of its man-
ufacture in this country has failed because of
the want of corresponding advantages on our
part; and that, moreover, he had consented
to save the nominal duty of one half of one
per cent, on the article of soda-ash, which did
not afford any protection, only in the glimmer-
ing hope that this beggar's brat, cast out upon
the commons to scratch for a living, might win
its way to manhood by its own inherent power
without the protection of the Government. I
am willing to admit—to the shame of the nation
be it spoken—that we are entirely dependent
upon England for this article so necessary to
the arts. We are importing it annually, and
paying for it to the extent of five millions in
gold sent abroad while we are endeavoring to
get back to specie payments, for the purpose
of feeding some thousands of English laborers
when we have all the elements for the manu-
facture at home. ■
It is not true, however, that England has
any advantage whatever over us in the produc-
tion of this article, except it be in its cheaper
capital and lower wages. She has the salt,
limestone, and coal in juxtaposition at New
Castle on the Tyne, at Glasgow, and at other
points, and so have we in equal abundance in
many parts of this country. Nature has depos-
ited the brine in immediate connection with the
other elements, and so wedded them as to
indicate the uses we are expected to make of
them.
There is, however, one other important ele-
ment in the manufacture of this article which
England is obliged to import from abroad but
which we have at home, and that is sulphur.
This she cannot import in a pure state, but she
gets it from Spain and Portugal in the shape of
>yrites, or cheap sulphuret copper or iron ores,
t costs her twenty-one or twenty-two dollars
a ton, and the proportion of copper contained
is, I think, three or four per cent. The same
ores precisely are to be found in the Green
mountains of Vermont in great abundance,
but of so little value for fusion in the ordinary
way as to be utterly worthless. Give us the
protection we desire and we-shall furnish a
market for all the ores Vermont can provide.
AVe will give employment to her people, and
make that valuable which is utterly valueless
now.
Sir, if the chairman of the committee had
heard the opinions of those I have the honor
to represent before he committed himself pub-
licly in his opening speech on this question, he
might have been induced to think differently.
We have here a case of juxtaposition without
any chemical combination. In Vermont is
found the ore which only wants the voice of
the potent member from that State to develop it
and make it useful and valuable to his people.
Mr. MORRILL. I have heard the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and his colleagues on
this subject, and "the more I have heard from
them the more I am convinced that we ought to
abandon even any duty at all on the article.
Ever since the foundation of the Government
this article has been treated as one that should
not be subjected to any considerable tax, The
Congress of 1842—and certainly that Congress
was sufficiently protective to suit even my
friend from the Pittsburg district, [Mr. Wil-
liams]—imposed a duty of five per cent, upon
that article. The Congress of 1846 placed
upon it a duty of ten per cent. That of 1857
of only four per cent. That of 1861 made it
free. That of 1861 put a duty of one half a
cent per pound upon it. More than twenty-
five per cent, already exists upon it, and there
is no probability or prospect that it can be
successfully manufactured in this country.
The gentlcmaa appeals to me, to my local
i
feeling, because he says Vermont possesses cop'
per and iron pyrites which afford a sufficient
amount of sulphur to manufacture this article.
I can tell my friend that we have no coal in Ver-
mont and no salt, and wood is so expensive that
the article cannot be manufactured there. Be-
sides, we have no salt there. His appeal is
therefore of no force in that regard. Moreover,
the experiment so far as sulphur or sulphuric
acid has already been tried there. Many thou-
sands of dollars have been expended in order
to manufacture these articles, and it has proved
a failure. And if we raise the duty to the ex-
travagant rate on the article as he proposes,
then, as I have already said this evening, we
have got to go through the whole family of the
sodas. We shall also have to increase the duty
on glass, on soap, and other articles. Now, it
does appear to me that if there is one article in
the list on which we ought to hesitate about
raising the duty it is this one. It presents
to me the most cogent arguments in favor of
being free. I am content, if the gentleman
be so, to let it alone, to leave it as it is; other-
wise I would be quite willing to act with any
portion of the House to make it free.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move, pro forma, to
strike out the last word. The gentleman from
Vermont underrates the value of the article
in which the State is so rich. I can inform
him that in Camden, New Jersey, a single es-
tablishment is. consuming four tons per day of
the ores from his own State, which they are
not expected themselves to manufacture into
sulphuret. So there is one market for the
article if he is willing.to furnish it. The gen-
tleman's argument assumes that this article of
soda-ash has been protected. The protection
given to it, of half a cent a pound, is a piere
mockery and delusion, intended to seduce men
into the manufacture, but without furnishing
the means of compensation for their risk and
labor; and so it has happened^that the manu-
facture has struggled along without protection
until it has utterly failed; and now some of the
manufactures into which that article enters are
successfully carried on in this country because
they have protection at the hands of the Gov-
ernment, while this important and useful arti-
cle has no protection whatever. Now, what
interest is to be damaged by this increase? It
affects nothing. The article, it. is true, enters
into the composition of glass, soap, and paper
to some extent. How much will this affect
them? The effect is entirely insensible, and
t-he increase made in the duty on the article of
glass last night will more than indemnify them.
Mr. MORRILL. I leave it to your colleague
to answer that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Your colleague from New
England [Mr. Dawes] happened to be more
successful iu moving an amendment in regard
to the article of glass. But what would be the
difference? One fourth of a cent per pound.
What would be the difference to the soap man-
ufacturer? One sixth of a cent per pound.
Would they complain? They are willing, so
far as we at the West are concerned, that the
article should bo adequately protected, because
it would secure stability in prices and abundance
of supply.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOGAN. This is rather an important
question. I think "that if there is any article
at all that we ought to make efforts.to produce
in this country, it is this, for all the materials
entering into it are to be found here almost
together. The State which I have the honor
in part to represent has all the elements out
of which to make this commodity. We have
pyrites of copper and pyrites of iron; we have
sulphate of copper and salt and limestone and
coal. We can produce this commodity, if a
little effort be made, cheaper than England
can produce it, for she has to get copper ore
from Spain out of which to make it. Now,
why should it not be made at home? Why
should not some protection be given to it so
•that wo may make it at home? Every man
that makes soap in this county has to send to
England to get this soda-ash.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask my friend
from Missouri whether sulphur is used to make
soda-ash or not.
Mr. HOGAN. Sulphate of copper is used
and sulphate of iron is used.
Mr. MORRILL. To make soda-ash?
Mr. HOGAN. Yes, in combination.
Mr. MORRILL. It is used to make caustic-
soda, but I was not aware it was used to make
soda-ash.
Mr. HOGAN. It is used for that purpose
in combination with salt and limestone and
other articles. We have in our State an illim-
itable supply of all these articles; and we have
in the city which I have the honor to repre-
sent chemical works in which this commodity
could be made so as to supply the paper mak-
ers there, and the soap makers there, and fur-
nish it in a liquid state, thus saving the cost
of first reducing it to powder'in order that it
may be brought to this country from England.
I hope that something will be done by the
committee that will tend to open up such
sources of national wealth as this is and enable
us to be independent of the productions of
England, to which country we are now com-
pelled to look for this commodity.
Mr. MORRjILL. I merely rise to say that
in my judgment, the paper manufacturers, the
glass makers and the soap makers ean better
afford to buy up this man for half a million
dollars than have the duty raised on this article.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw my last
amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. And as the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Morrill]
has just said that the paper makers of this
country could well afford to buy off the party
that wants this for half a million dollars a year,
I will ask to have read a letter from the largest
paper maker in the country, the head of a firm
that is now turning out wood-pulp for paper;
cutting down the trees of our forest and con-
verting them into pulp for printing and writing
paper. I ask that his letter be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Philadelphia, Juw. 29,1866.
Dear JtmQis: When I last saw you I told you that
I was not in favor of increasing the duty on soda-
ash, butupon reflection I think thatwe ought to put
sufficient duty on it to induce parties to go into the
manufacture of it licrc. We are now dependent, you
may sa.y entirely, on England for the article. That
is bad enough in time of peace, but in ease of war with
that country there are many branches of manufacture
hero that would be ruined for the time. Adequate
duties on other things (sufficient to admit of our mak-
ing the articles here) have always, I think, resulted
in buildingupthe manufactures of such articles here;
and m tho end, those articles hare settled^ down
at prices below what tho same article of foreign
maimfacturo was formerly sold at. I shall therefore
bo pleased to have you do all that you can to have
the duty on soda-ash increased to one and a half or
two cents per pound, and hope you will see the pro-
priety of doing bo, and of doing immediately all you
ean to bring it about.
Yours truly, A. D. JESS OP.
Hon. W. D. Kellet, Washington, JJ. C.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, there is prob-
ably no paper-maker or glass-maker in the
country who is so large a consumer of soda-ash
as the firm of Jessup & Moore, of which Mr.
A. D. Jessup is the senior partner. Now, we
know that during the last year our dependence
upon England for this article ran the price up
from what it used to be, from two and a half
or three cents per pound to twelve cents, and
at one period of time to fourteen cents per
pound. This is an article which is an element
of our bread, an element of our soap, an ele-
ment of our glass, and an element ot a thou-
sand and one of our products. But so mutth
are we dependent upon foreign countries for
our supply of itthat with a long westerly wind,
and the wreck of three or four vessels loaded
with soda-ash, the price went up from four
cents per pound to twelve cents, and touched
at the highest point, fourteen cents per pound.
Now, if our countr}' should be subjected to
vicissitudes of that kind, or should a war with
England take place, our manufacturers would
have to create soda-ash factories; and that
cannot be done in a day. We cannot create
