THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On sirup of moJa&ses or sugar-cane juice, when
removed trom the plantation, concentrated molasses
or ineiado, and cistern bottoms, of sugar produced
from the sugar-cane and not made from sorghum or
imphee, a tax of three fourths of one cent per pound.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways andMeans [Mr.
Morrill] that there ought to be some provis-
ion made in this bill to prevent the imposition
of a tax upon sugar or sirup made from other
things than those here mentioned.
Mr. MORRILL. The provision the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] indi-
cates wilt more properly come in when we reach
that part of the bill relating to articles exempt
from taxation.
Mr. STEVENS. I mentioned this because
by a very absurd construction of the law,
although we specified in the old bill what kinds
of sirups and sugar should be taxed, the De-
partment held that a manufacturer of sugar or
sirup from corn stalks or other articles not
here mentioned should be taxed.
The Clerk read as follows:
On sugars not above number twelve Dutch standard
in color, produced from sugar-cane and not from sor-
ghum or imphee, other than those produced by the
refiner, a tax of one cent per pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On sugars above number twelve and not above
number eighteen Dutch standard in color, produced
directly from the sugar-cane and not from sorghum
or imphee, a tax of one and one half cent per pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On sugar above number eighteen Dutch standard
in color, produced directly from the sugar-cane, and
not from sorghum or imphee, a tax of two cents per
pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On the gross amount of the sales of sugar refiners,
including all the products of their manufactories or
refineries, a tax of two and ono half of one per cent.
ad valorem: Provided, That every person shall bo
regarded as a sugar refiner, and pay the taxes levied
by law, whose business it is to advance the quality
and value of sugar upon which a tax has been paid,
by mclting and reerystallization, or by liquoring, clay-
ing, or other washing proccss, or by any other chem-
ical or mechanical means, or who shall advance the
quality or valye of molasses, concentrated molasses,
or'melado, upon which a tax has been paid, by boil-
ing or other process.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the pro-
viso by striking out the word "levied" and
inserting the word "required" after the words
"and pay the taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the words
"or duty," after the word "tax" near the
close of the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out the words "by boil-
ing or other process" at the close of the para-
graph, and inserting the same words before the
words "advance the quality or value of mo-
lasses," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. There is one phrase here
which I do not know that I understand, and I
rise to inquire the meaning of it. The first
sentence of this paragraph reads:
On the gross amount of the sales of sugar refiners,
including all the products of their manufactories or
refineries, a tax of two and one half of one per cent.
ad valorem.
What is meant by "a tax of two and one
half of one per cent, ad valorem, V How much
is that upon a hundred dollars ?
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is as plain as
the English language can make it. It is one
half as much as five per cent. This is the
usual phrase employed in bills of this char-
Sir. STEVENS. It means two and a half
per cent. ?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
if it means "two and a half per cent.," it would
be better to have it say so; and I therefore
move to amend this paragraph accordingly.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will see
that one half is the half of something. The
half of what? The half of one. I believe this
is strictly accurate as it is now.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
On sugar candy and all confectionery made wholly
or in part of sugar, valued at not exceeding twenty
cents per pound, a tax of two cents per pound; ex-
ceeding twenty and not exceeding forty cents per
pound, a tax of four cents per pound: when exceed-
ing forty cents per puund, or sold by the box, pack-
age, or otherwise than by the pound, a tax of ten per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert after the
words ' 'not exceeding twenty cents per pound''
and the words "not exceeding forty cents per
pound" the words "including the tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to insert as a new paragraph the following:
On free-trip passes over railroads conveying pas-
sengers by steam, there shall be a ten-cent stamp
affixed to each; on all six-months passes over such
railroads there shall bo affixed to each stamps
amounting to $2 50; and on all annual free passes
over such railroads there shall be affixed to each
stamps amounting to five dollars.
I desire to state, in support of this proposi-
tion, that free passes are a luxury. [Laugh-
ter.] I suppose no one will contradict that.
Moreover, it is a source of revenue which the
Committee of Ways and Means have failed to
, reach. And let me say further, that gentlemen
who suppose that this provision will not raise
a considerable revenue are very much mistaken.
I am credibly informed that the railroad pass-
ing through my State issued, during a single
year, annual passes to the number of four
thousand.
Mr. PLANTS. Have you one? [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
I have not. But if I had I should be willing
to have it taxed. By this provision you would
realize from that road alone a revenue to the
Government of from twenty to twenty-five thou-
sand dollars. I think that, as we are putting a
tax upon every other article of use or comfort,
this article ought also to be taxed. I hope the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will
not object to it.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not prepared to say
whether I am opposed to it or not. But I
should object to its being inserted here, be-
cause this portion of the bill does not relate at
all to stamps. It will come in more appropri-
ately when we roach the part of the bill relating
to stamps.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
very willing to withdraw my amendment now
and offer it where the gentleman from Vermont
has indicated. I am, however, very glad .he
sees the propriety of it.
The Clerk read as follows:
On chocolate and cocoa prepared, a tax of one and
a half cent per pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
On gunpowder, and all explosive substances used
for mining, blasting, artillery, or sporting purposes,
when valued at thirty-eight cents per pound or less,
a tax of five per cent, ad valorem; and when valued
at above thirty-eight oents per pound, a tax of ten
cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this
paragraph by inserting the words "including
the tax" after the words "when valued at
thirty-eight cents per pound or less."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the words
"including the tax" after the words "valued
at above thirty-eight cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend this para-
graph by inserting the words "gun-cotton"
after the word "gunpowder." There are two
classes or descriptions i^f gunpowder embraced
in this paragraph; the common or ordinary
powders which are used for blasting purposes,
subjected to a tax of five per cent, ad valorem;
and the powders that are subjected to a tax of
ten cents per pound, which embrace the fancy
powders, such as sporting powder, powder for
fire-works, &c.
Now, gun-cotton, I believe, is used almost
exclusively for blasting purposes, and I think
it should be placed in the division embracing
the explosive substances, which are subjected
to the lighter tax. It costs to produce it more
than thirty-eight cents per pound ; and unless
my amendment is adopted it will fall under the
second class, and be subjected to a tax of ten
cents per pound. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
Tvir. GARFIELD. If gun-cotton costs more
than thirty-eight cents per pound it will not
be freed from the higher tax by inserting it
where the gentleman proposes, for that portion
of the paragraph relates to explosive substances
that cost less than thirty-eight cents per pound
including the tax.
Mr.MORRILL. IfthegentlemanfromPenn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] considers his proposi-
tion an important one, I think he better embrace
it in an independent paragraph, to be inserted;
and then move to amend this paragraph by in-
serting after the words "explosive substance"
the words "not otherwise provided for."
Mr. GARFIELD. It is suggested that the
gentleman can accomplish his purpose by mov-
ing to insert the words " and gun-cotton" before
the words " a tax of five per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. THAYER. I will modify my amend-
ment to that effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On varnish orjapan, made wholly orin part of gum
copal, or other gums or substances, a tax of five per
cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On glue and gelatine of all descriptions, in the
solid state, a tax of one cent per pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On glue and cement, made wholly or in part of glue,
to be sold in the liquid state, a tax of forty cents per
gallon.
No amendment being offered,
- The Clerk read as follows:
On pins, solid head or <5ther, a tax of five per cent.
ad valorem.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. MYERS. I move to insert the follow-
ing as an additional paragraph:
On plain photographs, ambro types, daguerreotypes,
or other pictures by tho action of light a tax of five
per cent, ad valorem.
I presume there will be no objection to this
amendment. I had understood that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Morrill] was to have reported it. I will
wait to hear from him if there is any objection
to it.
Mr. MORRILL. Most certainly there is.
Mr. MYERS. I would like to hear what the
objections are. If the gentleman declines to
give them, then I will state in a few words why
I think this amendment should be adopted.
These photographs are really works of art and
ought to be exempted from taxation, as other
works of art are by a subsequent section of
this bill, which also exempts books, maps,
charts, productions of stereotypers, electrotyp-
ers, lithographers, engravers, &c.
The photographers, however, do not ask to
be entirely exempted from taxation. But the
tax of five per cent, ad valorem which 1 propose
will bea smallertaxthantheone now imposed.
It is a reduction to which I think they are en-
titled.
In the next place, it is absolutely an advan-
tage that we should do away with stamps upon
photographs, both for the protection of the in-
terests of the public and the interests of the pho-
tographers. Every gentleman in this House
who' has had photographs taken, or who has
examined them, knows that the canceling of
these stamps also tends to deface the photo-
graphs when they are packed together in a
ease or otherwise. Generally speaking, pho-
tographers do not affix these stamps and cancel
them until the photographs ordered are called
