1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
SHIP-CANAL IN MARYLAND.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution 5 which was
scad, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and ho is
hereby, clirectcd to inform this House what appro-
priation will bo necessary to complete the ship-canal
from FortMcHenry to the mouth pf the Patapsco
river in the State of Maryland, together with such
information of the practicability and the character
of the work as may be in the possession of the De-
partment.
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCE.
On motion of Mr. KASSON, by unanimous
consent, the annual report of the National
Academy of Scicnce .was taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Coinage, "Weights, and Measures.
CRIMES AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back Senate bill No. 165, more ef-
fectually to provide for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was then read.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
subject to which this bill relates was brought
to the attention of the committee of the Senate
by communications sent to the chairman of
that committee by the Sixth Auditor's office j
and to show the necessity for its immediate
passage, I will send to the Clerk's desk to have
read a statement of one of the cases which has
recently occurred.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"A Lrcrm. "Defect.—A vorycurious illustration of '
the manner in which the law is made to bend to tech-
nicalities has just occnrrcd in the city of New York,
upon amotion to quash an indietmentfor the forgery
of a certain custom-housc bond, executed in fraud
of tho internal revenue act. The proceedings were
under an act of Congress passed in tho year 1825,
which provides that if an offense shall he committed
in a place under the jurisdiction of the United States,
as a custom-house, dock-yard, &c., tor which no pun-
ishment is provided in the laws of thcUnitcdStates,
tho punishment shall be under the State law for of-
fenses of the same grade. The Supreme Court of the
United States has decided that this act moans that
the punishment is to be tho same as by the State law
in force when the act of Congress was passed in 1823.
The New York court also decides that the oflcnso
must be committed in a place in which the United
States held Jurisdiction at the time when the not was
passed in 1825. Now, it happens that the New Yoik
custom-house, whero this forgery was committed, is
nptin the same place occupied by tho New York cus-
tom-house in 1825. It also happens that the State
law against torgcry existing in 1825 has boon repealed.
The New York court therefore holds that an indict-
ment cannot bo sustained, because the act of 182-3 can-
not PYtond i!s provisions to a forgery committed in
any other place than thooldcustom-hou^o; and oven
if it fould, there is no State law punishing forarerv
now in exigence which was m force in the year 182-3;
consequently the parly who committed the forgery
£Ocs clear, Thus the triumph ot' technicality over
justice. "Womay prolit by this decision Ivro in Phil-
adelphia. There is no United States establishment
hero in the same place which was occupied in 3825
by the same national jurisdiction except tho navy-
yard, (or aportion of it,) and thcUnited States arsenal
near Gray's Ferry. Tho custom-house, post office,
Mint, weroall in 1825 in different situations from those
whi'-h they occupy now. Furthermore, tho Pennsyl-
vania act agajuftt forgery in 1825 is not the act in
forcc in 180(j. Our whole criminal codo was revised a
few years ago, and nil our criminal laws arc compar-
atively new. We arc. therefore, in no better condi-
tion than they are in New York as regards protection
against offenses punishable under tho toxins of tho
act of Concrrcs1* 01 1825. Luckily, Congress is in ses-
sion, and this defcc-t can be cured by the passage of a
proper act. Tt will be judicious to attend to it with-
out delay, otherwise wo shall be without protection
against the designs of rogues."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state that a
case of similar character has arisen in the Post
Office Department, and that such cases are
likely to occur in every Department of the
Government. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the passage of the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
me a question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
_Mr. JENCKES. Why not extend the pro-
visions of this statute to the counterfeiting of
any record in any court of justice in the United
States ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, I have no doubt
there are a number of things that might be very
well provided for in this bill, but it so happens
that the Senate committee have extended its
provisions only thus far, and it will only delay
the matter and subject the Government to great
inconvenience if we undertake to amend it.
These cases of forgery may occur day by day,
and we need a law to punish them.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to the fact
that there is an omission in the criminal statutes
of the United States to provide for the punish-
ment of such offenses.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am aware of that.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered 5 and under the operation
thereof the bill was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I offer the follow-
ing resolution :
Whereas it is reported that orders have been issued
directing thatall colored troops shall be mustarod out
of the service; and whereas it is also reported that
very many of said troops desire to remain in the ser-
vice, and that the white volunteers generally desire
to be mustered out in order that they may return to
their homes and engage in their accustomed civil pur-
suits: Therolore.
He it j'csohfl. That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire whether said reports are
true; and if true, that the committee report all the
facts to the House concerning said orders and the de-
sires of said troops, together with such other infor-
mation relative to the subject-matter of this inquiry
as the committee may obtain.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand from
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs that that committee has now all the in-
formation. If that is so, and they are ready to
report, of course this is unnecessary.
TAXING MINING CLAIMS.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint memorial of the Oregon
Legislature, against taxing mining claims;
which was referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
CAPITOL DECORATION.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Bcsolvcd, That a committee of five be appointed to
inquire into tho propriety of having a decoration
prepared for the south wins of the Capitol as a match-
pieco to tho "Protcress of Civilization " on tho north
wing; and that they have power to call for plans,
designs, and easts for such work, and report at any
time by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE,_ of Illinois. I move to
refer that to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH YORK.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by "unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to Mrs. Eliza-
beth York, widow of Shubal York, late surgeon
of the fifty-fourth regiment of Illinois infantry
volunteers.
The accompanying report was read, show-
ing that the deceased was shot and killed by
disloyal citizens in an unprovoked attack upon
him on the 28th of Majch, 1862.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SARAH TITZOIBBON.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
back Senate bill No. 82, granting a pension to
Sarah Fitzgibbon, with an amendment
The bill grants a pension of twenty-five dol-
lars per month.
•The amendment is to insert the following
proviso:
Provided, That in the event of the marriage or
death of said Surah Fitzgibbon the pom-ion allowed
by this act shall be continued to the children of the
lato Major Thomas 0. Filzgibbon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third'
time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEWIS TV. DIETRICH.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
a bill granting a pension to Lewis W. Dietrich;
which was read a first and second time.
The report was read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by whicfi. the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES OE BETSY NASH.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Betsy Nash ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The report having been read, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. "
NICHOLAS HIBNER.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Nicholas ITibner,
late a private in the sixth regiment Missouri
State militia ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The report having been read, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND-GRANT RAILROADS.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from- the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad Senate bill No.
83, to extend the time for completing cer-
tain land-grant railroads in the States therein
named, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, and I ask that it be passed.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I liope the gentleman will not
object. It is only a bill to extend the time of
the Iowa roads.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I will
hear the substitute read, reserving the right to
object.
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that the time allowed for the comple-
tion of the several railroads in the State of Iowa,
named in the act approved May 16,1856, be ex-
tended eight years from the time named in Said
act, provided that the unsold lands shall revert
to the United States, as provided in said act,
if the railroads shall not be completed within
the period fixed by this act.
The second section provides that such por-
tion of the lands granted to the State of Iowa
by the act of May, 1856, as would revert to the
United States at the end of twelve years from
the passage of said act, by reason of the non-
completion of the roads named therein, if there
were no extension of time given, shall be sub-
ject to preemption, settlement, and purchase ;
and that any bona fide settlers upon any of said
lands, upon making duo proof of settlement,
occupation, and improvement, under the pre-
emption laws of the United States, shall be
entitled to * enter the same in quantities not
