244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Radicalism and Beconstruction—Mr. Sitgreaves.
39tii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
constitutional rights of tlie States, to personal
liberty, and the perpetuity of the Republic is
northern radicalism. Let radicalism control
the ballot and obtain a permanent lease of
political power, and republicanism will be an
empty name.
Mr. Speaker, in my discussion of this sub-
ject I shall use radicalism and fanaticism as
convertible terms. Theradicalis always fanat-
ical and the fanatic is always radical. I also
beg leave to state that my remarks on radicals
and radicalism are not intended to apply to any
member of this House. I have expressed sim-
ilar views long before this Congress was elected.
Mr. Speaker, there is no man on this floor
detests treason and traitors more than I do,
but I do not limit my detestation to southern
treason and southern traitors. While I de-
nounce the doctrine of secession taught in the
South as leading to treason, I denounce the
doctrine of the northern radical as equally
damnable and leading to treason, rebellion, or
revolution.
I cannot see the justice of denouncing south-
ern traitors and loading northern traitors with
honors. I never could see why assemblages of
"Union men and women" should greet with
applause the orator who declared that "for
twenty years he had tried to destroy the Union
of the State3 and gloried in the fact," while at
the same time they applauded the most bitter
denunciations of southern traitors. Sir, I am
for meting out equal and impartial justice to all
traitors. The southern traitor declares his
repentance, the northern traitor never has.
The late unnatural war was brought about
by radical fanatics, and every intelligent man
knows it. The southern radical and the north-
ern radical both aim for a dissolution of the
Union, and both aided each other with fuel to
fire up the hearts of the people. The northern
radical taught the people of the North to hate
the people of the South with a moral and po-
litical hatred, the southern radical taught the
people of the South to hate the people of the
North with a moral and political hatred ; and
this teaching produced its legitimate results.
Sir, the testimony of all history and our own
knowledge alike teach us that radical fanati-
cism should be dreaded as the arch enemy of
God and man, but most especially to be dreaded
in a republican Government where the press
and speech are free. Radicalism is the same
in every age, in every clime, and in every hu-
man heart. It is a master passion, beneath its
sway every principle of humanity, every finer
feeling of the heart are burned and destroyed
as the flowers of the earth are destroyed be-
neath the burning lava of a volcano. Let us
look at the page of history for the portrait
of radical fanaticism; we shall find it identical
on every subject. Look at the persecutions by
the Roman Emperors against those who de-
nied the divinity of Jupiter, refused to bow at
his shrine, or to offer sacrifices to the Roman
gods ; for this, thousands of men and women
were tortured with the most cruel tortures,
were sewed in the skins of wild beasts and torn
to pieces by blood-hounds, were crucified, were
covered with wax and set on fire to light the
imperial gardens of the palace.
Look at the history of Mahomedanism; im-.
bued with the fanaticism of their chief, the
Mahomedan proclaimed death to the infidel;
he marched to exterminate the world or con-
vert it to the creed of his prophet, and his
path was marked by tears and blood and mil-
lions of human skulls.
Look at the history of Jesus, He who went
about doing only good. Religious radicalism
cried out not to release him, but Barrabas; radi-
calism nailed him to the cross and gloated over
his dying agonies. Look at the persecution of
God's ancient chosen people, the Jews, by the
Christian radical; in every nation for ages per-
secuted, robbed, tortured, put to death in the
name of Him who taught'' love your enemies.''
Look at the old French Revolution; in the sa-
cred name of liberty Frenchmen were turned
into human tigers thirsting for human blood.
France was filled with spies, informers, and
provost marshals; men were murdered by tens
of thousands; blood and carnage rioted through-
out the whole land; the rivers became putrid
with human carcasses, and the streets pf Paris
were flooded with human blood. Religion, life,
liberty, were all sacrificed by these radical
monsters, and France became an earthly hell.
The world beheld with astonishment deeds of
horror that had no parallel in history committed
by the gay and polite Frenchmen, and a nation
boasting of the highest civilization transformed
into incarnate devils; and all this was done
under the plea now urged by our modern
American radicals of "liberty, fraternity, and
equality."
Look at our own land. The Puritans fled
from religious persecution and sought these
shores that they might worship God according
to the dictates "of their own consciences. They
landed on the rock-bound shores of New Eng-
land and there erected their altars; they mul-
tiplied and held the sword of civil power, and
they sheathed that sword in the bosoms of those
who worshiped God in a different creed ; they
fined, imprisoned, banished, tortured and exe-
cuted the inoffensive Quaker for daring to
worship God according to the dictates of his
conscience ; and continued their persecuting,
bloody work until it was suspended by an or-
der of the King. The Massachusetts radical,
foiled by the orderof the crown, but still thirst-
ing for human blood, commenced and contin-
ued a persecution of old men as wizards and
of old women as witches until no one felt safe.
A single mistake in the recital of the Lord's
Prayer was sufficient to consign a man or
woman to imprisonment, trial, and death; and
not until the radical began to fear that he might
fall a victim to his own accursed devices did
reason resume her empire, and the people saw
with grief that they had been used as the bloody
tools and executioners of radical fanatics ; and
all this was done and sustained and defended
as the cause of "right and justice," and in
the name of the Lord of Hosts.
Look at radicalism within the memory and
knowledge of every member of this House.
Who has not for years previous to the rebel-
lion seen and heard sectional hate inculcated
at the public meetings of the people, in the
pulpit, the press, the rostrum, the school-
book, and in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, by radicals, North and South?
Who has not heard the Constitution of his
country denounced as "a covenant with death
and a league with hell?" Who has not heard
of the applause with which Wendell Phil-
lips was greeted by radical assemblages while
he denounced undying hostility to the Union?
Who has not heard of radical petitions pre-
sented to the Senate praying for a dissolution
of the Union? Who has not heard of "the
Helper Book," written by radicals, indorsed by
sixty members of Congress, and scattered by
thousands as a campaign document through-
out the length and breadth of the land ; a book
intended to inculcate sectional hatred, stir up
civil war in the South, and dissolve the Union?
And, lastly, who does not know that radical-
ism, to promote the interest of southern trai-
tors, pointed the pistol and nerved the arm of
the assassin against the life of the lamented
Lincoln ?
Ah, Mr. Speaker, if the ballot is dangerous
in the hands of the radical of the South, over-
thrown and repentant as he is, is it not doubly
dangerous in the hands of the radical of the
North, buoyant and unrepentant? Yet I would
not, if I could, deprive him of it. Bad as the
result of his teachings might be, it would be
preferable, rather than to crush the freedom
of speech and the press, for that would end in
despotism. While, therefore, radicalism is the
greatest and most dangerous foe to our institu-
tions—for the mission of radicalism is, ever has
been, and always will be, to destroy, never to
conserve—I would combat it with the weapons
of truth. I would enlist the patriot, the Chris-
tian, the pulpit, and the press to expose and
render it odious to the people, until it should
sink, as its predecessors in history have sunk,
beneath the scathing reprobation of honest
men.
2. They tell us that the white man of the
South shall not have the ballot unless his vote
can be neutralized by the ballot of the black
man, or, in other words, that the votes of dis-
loyal men may be neutralized or controlled
by the votes of loyal men. By what right do
members assume that the southern men are
disloyal now1 The southron fought for an idea,
that his paramount allegiance was due to the
State; au idea in the truth of which he was
educated, and in support of which he appealed
to the fearful hazard of the sword. The decis-
ion was against him. He acknowledges his
error; he abandons his theory. He is willing
to accept our understanding of the allegiance
due from the citizen ; that the allegiance to the
General Government is paramount, and is
willing to seal it with an oath. What more
have we ever required of any citizen ? What
more can we require? Will gentlemen pre-
tend that they have an eye of Omniscience to
scan the secret recesses of the human heart
and read the thoughts of their fellow-man?
By what right do members assume that black
men of the South were loyal to the Union?
Sir, the evidence is ovei-whelming that they
were loyal to their masters; we were told dur-
ing the war that without them the rebellion
would collapse, and this was urged as a reason
to proclaim emancipation. That proclamation
encouraged the effort of the slave for freedom,
and forbid any attempt of any one in the ser-
vice of the United States to prevent that effort;
yet three millions of slaves made no effort. I
believe during that long war, when large dis-
tricts of country could at any time be devas-
tated by the slaves, outnumbering as they did
the whites in many places two to one, there
was not a single servile insurrection. That was
a time when we should have supposed that the
slaves would have struck for freedom. I do
not denounce the black man for this ; I honor
the amiability of his nature, the Christian for-
bearance which prevented him from imbruing
his hands in the blood of the white man, al-
though urged to do it by northern radicals ; to
that amiability and forbearance the white man
intrusted his property, his wife, his children,
all he had dear on earth, and he was not disap-
pointed ; confidence was met by confidence;
and this magnanimity of the black man will
make the white man of the South his fast friend
forever; this magnanimity of the black man in
the hour of the white man's peril will do more
to make the white man of the South give lnm
the rights of " a man and brother" than all
the legislative theories and denunciations of
radicalism.
The home of the black man and his posterity
will be in the sunny South, side by side with
the white man and his posterity, and the man
who strives to excite animosity between them
on account of race or color is an enemy to
both. True patriotism, true philanthropy, will
pour into the South the healing oil of love, not
the bitter waters of strife.
But we are told that the Constitution guar-
anties "a republican form of government,"
and therefore every man should have the right
of suffrage "without distinction of race or
color" as a condition-precedent to the admis-
sion of the southern States. Now, according
to this theory of the radicals we have never had
a republican form of government, and '' the
great Republic" of which wo boasted is a delu-
sion and a lie. I have always been taught that
some degree of intelligence as well as virtue is
necessary in the elector under a republican
Government, but the radicals have told us for
years that the body and soul of the black man
