660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the rebellion by proffering amnesty and pardon
to those who desired to resume their allegiance
to the United States; and second, to a reinau-
guratc loyal State governments."
I -will now, Mr. Chairman, by the indulgence
of the committee, read those parts ot the proc-
lamation I deem the most essential to a proper
understanding of its import and purpose:
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States,
do proclaim, declare, and make known to all persons
who have directly, or by implication, participated in
the cxistin^rebellion, exceptas hereinafter excepted,
that a full pardon is hereby granted to tnem and each
of them, with restoration of all rightsof propei cy, ex-
cept as to slaves, and in proper cases where rights of
third parties shall have intervened, and upon the
condition that every such person shall take and sub-
scribe an oath, and thenceforward keep and maintain
such oath inviolate; and which oath shall be regis-
tered for permanent preservation, and shall bo of the
tenor and effect following:, to wit;
"I do solemnly swear, in the prescncc of Almighty
God, that I "Will henceforth faithfully support, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
and the Union of the States tnereunder; and that X
will in like'manner abide by and faithfully support
all acts ot Congress parsed during the existing rebel-
lion with reference to slaves, so long and so tar as not
repealed, modified, or held void by Congress, or by
decision ot the Supi erne Court; and that 1 will in like
maimer abide by and faithfully support all procla-
mations of the President made during the existing
rebellion, so long and so J ar as not modihed or declared
■void by the decision of the Supreme Court. So help
me God."
The persons excepted from the benefits of
the foregoing provisions are:
/'l. All who are, or shall have been, pretended
civil or diplomatic ollieeis or otherwise, or domestic
or foreign agents of the pretended confederate gov-
ern men t.
"2. All who left judicial stations under the United
States to aid the rebellion.
"3. All who shall have been military or naval offi-
cers of said pretended conlederate government, above
the rank of'eolonel in the army, or lieutenant in the
navy.
"4. All who left seats m the Congress of the United
States to aid the rebellion.
"5. All who resigned or tendered resignations of
their commissions in the Army and Jsavy ot the
United .States, to evactey-hcir duty in resisting the
rebellion.
"(>. All who have engaged in any way in treating
otherwise than lawfully us pnsoneisol war persons
found in the United States service, as ofheers, soldiers,
seamen, or in any other capacity."
President Lincoln further declared :
"And I do further proclaim, declare, and mako
known, that whenever, m any of the States oi Ar-
kansas, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee,
Alabama, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, and
.North Oarolma, a number of persons, not les-3 than
one tenth m number ot the votes cast in such State
at the presidential election ol the year oi our Lord
I860, each having taken the oath u,toic.>aui and not
having since violated it. and being ;i qualified voter
by the election lawoi the State existing immediately
before the so-called act, ol seccvaon, and excluding
all others, shall reestablish a, State government which
shall be republican, and in nowise contravening &aid
oath,such shall berecognized as the true government
of the State, and the State fdiall receive thereunder
the benefits ot the constitutional piovision which
dcolaros that 4 the United States shall guaranty to
every Srate in this Union a republican torui ot Gov-
ernment, and fhail piotect each ol tliom a^aiiitt in-
vasion :_and, on application oi the Lcgi>lature, or the j
Executive, (when the Legt-daiure cannot be con-
vened,; auahist domestic violence.' "
It will be seen by tni^ proclamation that Pres-
ident Lincoln looked forward to a ^ roinuugu-
tion," to u«e his own language, of "• loyal Mate
governments" in ihciehel States at the earliest
possible moment. His plan piopo.-ed that
whenever u could be ascertained that one tenth
in number of the votes cast in any one of the
so-called confederate otates at the presidential
election in 1SGO. each having taken the oath
proscribed, and being a qualified voter by the
election law in force immediately before the so-
called act of secession. and excluding all others, i
those persons should ha\e the privilege of re- j!
establishing a State government which was re- i
quired to be republican in form ; and when es- j;
tablishcd it was to be recognized as the true ||
government of such State. For the purpose of 1!
my argument, I am not called upon to argue j'
the^question whether this plan was a wise or a i,
foolish one. It is a fact well understood that 'j
Iroiueut Lincoln consistently and portma- |i
oioM.^n aunered to this plan for the i\ orgauiza
tion oi en ii governments in th° rebel Susies '
until the uay ot his death. In bubsujueutmes- ,,
sag;es to (. ongre^s, in otneial proclamations, in i;
private convolutions, and by public address, i;
he reiterated and reaffirmed his adherence to
this plan. In his last public address, on the
evening of the 11th of April, he used the fol-
lowing language:
"In my annual message of December, 1863,and ac-
companying the pioclamation, X piesentcd a plan of
reconstruction, as the ptuase goes, which i promised,
if adopted by any State, would be acceptable and sus-
tained by lae Jixecntive Government ol the nation.
I distinctly stated that it was a plan which might pos-
sibly bo acceptable, and also distinctly protested that
the Executive elaimednovisht to say when or whether
members should be admitted to seats in Congress from
such States.
"The plan was, in advance,submitted to the Cabi-
net, and approved by every member of it. One of
them suggested that I should then apply the emanci-
pation proclamation thereto, except in parts of Vir-
ginia and Louisiana, and that I should drop the sug-
gestion about apprenticeship for freed people, and
that I should omit the protest against my own power
in regard to a dilution of members of Congress; but
even he approved every part and parcel ol the plan
which has since been employed or touched by the
action oi Louisiana.*'
It was in this speech he gave in his quaint and
happy style his solution of the question as to
the political status of the rebel States, ''that
they were not in their proper relation to the
General Government.'5 It is a fact well un-
derstood, that no measure of Mr. Lincoln's
administration, except the emancipation proc-
lamation. was more thoroughly discussed and
better understood by the people than this. At
the time it was proposed, political parties were
directing their attention to the approaching
presidential election, and Mr. Lincoln was a
candidate for reelection. This measure be-
came the subject, among both political friends
and foes, of discussion ^and criticism, in oral
controveTsy, and by the press. The feeble op-
position to Mr. Lincoln among his political
friends was hushed into silence by the unmis-
takable public voice demanding his renomina-
tiou and reelection. The national Union con-
vention on 'the 7th of Juno following, by a
unanimous vote placed Mr. Lincoln before
the public for a reelection. Subsequent to his
nomination Congress passed a bill which was
sent to the President for his approval, making
provision for the reorganization of civil gov-
ernments in the rebel States, essentially dilfcr-
ent in its provisions from the plan proposed by
the President. Either for want of time, or
disapproval of its provisions, or both, the Pres-
ident omitted to return the bill with his ap-
proval. On the 7th of August immediately
following, two distinguished gentlemen occu-
pying high official positions, one a member of
the Senate and the other of the House of Rep-
resentatives in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, ar-
raigned the President in a paper published in
the New York Tribune called the "Protest''
with a bitterness that attracted the attention of
the whole country. I have no disposition to
rellect upon the honor or patriotism of the
; living or the memory of the dead; but I feel
authorized by the facts in saying, in vindica-
tion of the truth of history, that upon the issue
raided bv those gentlemen with President Lin-
coln the loyal Union men of the country almost
unanimously sustained the Executive. Upon j
this and oilier issues Mr. Lincoln was reelected
President by an overwhelming and unprece-
deutod majority: and there was no time during
his Administration when the American people
had more confidence in the wisdom and patriot-
ism of his Administration than they had on the
day he was stricken down by the assassin. I
ma\ ha\e occasion, if my brief hour permits,
a^ain to allude to this congressional plan.
If I were called upon, Mr. Chairman, to ex-
plain the key to Abraham Lincoln's wonderful
popularity, and his hold upon the hearts of his
countrymen, my answer would be, *'IIe pos-
ses-pod a soul free from all narrow-mindedness
and prejudice."? In him what a striking ex-
emplification of the lesson inculcated by the
renowned philosopher of poetry:
" The quality of mercy is not strained;"
"ith Ki-e bk—?,l;
It ble^soth him thin 14, \ e?. and tutu that take?."
In hi:- second inaugural address, from the !
fullness of a magnanimous soul. Abraham Lin- j,
coin gave utterance to a sentiment that will n
place his name in the list of the very few whose
memory will never die :
"With malice toward none, with charity for all,
with firmness in the light as God gives us to see tho
right, let us strive on to fim?h the work we are in;
to bind up the nation's wound?-, to caie lot him who
shall have borne tl# battle, for his widow and his
orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a
just and a lasting peace among ourselves and with all
nations."
Upon the accession of Andrew Johnson to
the Presidency the path of duty was plain. A
wise and harmonious Cabinet, enjoying the con-
fidence of their countrymen, by the blessings
of divine Providence, survived the assassination
of President Lincoln. He had been the suc-
cessful candidate for the second office on the
same ticket, supported by the same party, and
war supposed to entertain the same sentiments
and views. On entering upon the discharge of
the responsible duties of Chief Magistrate of
the nation, Mr. Johnson found a policy inau-
gurated by his illustrious predecessor that had
received the sanction of the American people
in the most authoritative manner. Any depart-
ure on his part from that policy, in the absence
of newly developed lights, would have been a
betrayal of public confidence, and subjected him
justly to the charge of perfidy to his*party and
the country. On entering upon the discharge
of his duties, Mr. Johnson found the rebellion
substantially suppressed. The amnesty proc-
lamation issued by President Lincoln on the
8th of December, 1803, was still in lull force,
but it was thought by some pardon and amnesty
could only beobtainedunderthatproclamation
for offenses committed prior to that date ; and
that a new amnesty proclamation might be re-
quired for those whose offenses were of a sub-
sequent date. On the 20th day of May,
President Johnson issued his proclamation of
amnesty. The oath prescribed by Mr. Johnson
I will now, by the indulgence of the committee,
read:
"I do solemnly swear or affirm, in the presence of
Almighty God, that I will hencclorth faithful I v defend
the Constitution oi the United States, and the Union
of the States thcreundei ; arid that 1 will in like man-
ner abide by and faithfully support ail the law-; anp
pioclamations which have been made during the ex-
isting rebellion with reference to the emancipation of
slaves. So help me God."
It will be seen this oath is precisely the same
as that prescribed by President Lincoln, with
this clause omitted :
" So long and so far as not modified or declared void
by the decision of the Supreme Court."
I invite the examination of the committee
to this proclamation; It will be seen that both
reserved to themselves the privilege, upon spe-
cial application, to grant special pardons, and
both made exceptions. President Johnson's
exceptions embraced the same as President*
Lincoln's, and in addition eight other classes
which I will now read:
" 7. A)\persons who have been or are absentees from
the baited States lor the purpose ot aiding the re-
bellion.
" S. All military or naval officers irs the i ebid service
who were educaied by the Government in the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, or at the United States
Nav al A< adeniy.
"9. All peitons who hold the pretended offices of
Governors of Statesminsurrection against the United
States.
*'10. All persons who left their homes within the
jurisdiction and protection of the United Stales and
passed beyond the Federal military lines into the so-
called coiuedciate States, lor the puipose of aiding
the rebellion.
"11. All persons who have engaged in the destruc-
tion of the commerce oi the United States upon the
high sea?, and all persons who have made raids into
the United States horn Canada, or been engaged in
destroying the commerce ot the Uniled States upon
the lakc.-> and rivers that sepaiate the British Prov-
inces trom the United State5:.
"12. All persons who, at the time when they seek to
obtain the beneiit theicof, by taking the oath herein
presenbed, are in military or civil confinement or
custody, or under bond of the military or naval au-
thorities or agents of the United States, as prisoners
of war, or peivons detained for offenses ot any kind,
either before or after their conviction.
"13. All persons who have voluntaiily participated
in said rebellion, and the estimated value of whose
taxable proncity is ovci twenty thousand doihnv.
" 11. All persons who have taken theoaihot mn-
ne^cy. a.- pi escribed in the PtCMdont'^ prod "snud ion
of Dec-ember J3, or the oath of ailogiam-e 1o the Gov-
ernment of the United State?, since the date of said
proclamation, and who have not thenceforward kept
and maintained the same inviolate; provided, that
