1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
exceeding eighty acres each, at three dollars per
acre. The money obtained from such sales is
to be retained in the Treasury of the United
Slates until the particular line of road to which
the said lands were granted has been so far
completed as to entitle the State to the lands,
when the_ money is to be paid over to the State
of Iowa for the use of the company construct-
ing the road, and to which the preempted lands
wore granted.
The substitute further provides for a change
in the route of the road from Dubuque to Sioux
City.
Mr. KASSON. I want to say to my col-
league [Mr. Pkice] that that bill is evidently
one of very great importance to the State of
Iowa, particularly to the western part of the
■State. 1 should very much like to see it printed.
I shall make no objection to the bill being re-
ported to the House if it can be postponed a
few days and printed in time to give an oppor-
tunity for its proper examination. The Legis-
lature of our State hag been very much excited
upon this general subject of railroads in the
State. If my colleague has no objection, I
would ask that this bill when reported may be
postponed for a week, more or less, and ordered
to be printed. If he will not consent to that,
then I shall be compelled to object to its being
reported at this time.
Mr. PRICE. Then the gentleman will have
to object. My only objection to fixing a future
time for the consideration of this bill is simply
this : this bill has been before the Pacific Hail-
road Committee for a great many weeks; the
Legislature of the State of Iowa will adjourn
within a very few days, and this bill should be
passed before they adjourn.
All that 1 his bill provides for is to extend the
time for building the roads, to allow preemp-
tions upon the land if the roadis notbuilt within
a certain time, and to change in some respects
the route. Those three points are all that this
bill embraces. The bill as it came from the
Senate and was referred to our committee con-
tained a provision extending the time of other
roads. That part of the Senate bill the com-
mittee liavo struck out, and have instructed me
to report the substitute which has been read
by the Clerk.
If the reporting of the bill is objected to at
this lime, then I will move; to suspend the rules
in order that I may report, it for action at this
time. Any gentleman who knows anything
aboutthe condition of affairs, and the time when
our Legislature will adjourn, must know that it
is necessary that this bill should bo passed at
once.
Mr. KASSON. I must object to the report-
ing and passing of this' bill without some pro-
vision is put m it to open up to settlement these
lands, which are now tied up in these grants.
Mr. GR1NNELL. There is such a pio-
vision.
Mr. KASSON. I understand that there is
no such provision in the bill, except one that
opens these lands for settlement after a certain
time. 1 must object to the reporting of this
bill, unless consent is given to its postponement
and printing.
Mr. PRICE. My colleague will discover that
there is a specific provision in the bill allowing
these lands to be preempted and settled.
I now move to suspend the rules that I may
be allowed to report this bill at this time.
Mr. .1 LILIAN. This bill properly belongs
to the Committee on Public Lands, and I hope
if it is reported now it will be referred to that
committee.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rules; and upon a di\ision, there were—ayes
thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. PRICE. I now ask leave to report the
bill and have it postponed until some day next
week and printed.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that the bill be referred
to the Commitiee on Public Lauds, with leave
to report at any time.
Mr. PRICE. The bill has already been
before the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
and been considered by them.
Mr. J ULIAN. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of the Senate, and
should go to the corresponding committee of
the House.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question to
be decided at this time.
No objection being made,
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, reported back to the House
Senate bill No. 83, to extend the time for com-
pleting certain land-grant railroads in the States
therein named, with an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute.
_ On motion of Mr. PR.ICE, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed until Mon-
day next after the morning hour, and the sub-
stitute was ordered to be printed.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
Mr. BID WELL. Task unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, for consideration at this time,
House bill No. 039, granting land to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Central Pacific railroad, in Califor-
nia, to Portland, or the navigable waters of the
Columbia river, in Oregon.
Mr. JULIAN. I must object to that.
Mr. BID WELL. Then I move to suspend
the rules for that purpose, and I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make a state-
ment in explanation of that motion.
No objection was made.
Mr. B1DWELL. There is probably no sub-
ject of more consequence to the interests of
the Pacific coast, and I may say to the whole
country, than this subject of the construction
of railroads, for it is by those communications
that wc are enabled to develop the resources
of the country. I may say that there is noth-
ing that will tend more to the development of
our unsettled agricultural lands and the devel-
opment of our mineral regions, than the con-
struction of railroads within our borders.
Now, sir, here is a bill which has been before
the House for months, and it is desired that it
should pass in order that these companies
may be able to begin the work early in the pres-
ent season. If another month pass withbut
its consideration it will lie impossible to com-
mence work unt.il the next year. 1 hope, there-
fore, the House will consent to suspend the
rules and consider the bill at this time. I do
not believe that any well-grounded objection
can be found to its provisions. It has been
carefully considered, and its provisions care-
fully framed by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and I am empowered unanimously
to report it from that committee.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-
poses to revolutionize our whole land policy.
It makes a direct grant of lands to an incor-
porated company for which there is no prece-
dent, except in the case of the Pacific railroad
where we could not grant the lands to any
one State on account of the great length of the
road. I ask that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands so that wc have an oppor-
tunity to examine it. Certainly so radical a
change in our land policy should not be made
at this time without proper consideration by the
appropriate committee.
Mv. HI DWELL. I hope the rules will be
suspended. If it bo a new idea for Congress
to grant lands to aid in the construction ot' rail-
roads, then certainly I have come to the wrong
place, liut, sir, I do not believe that it is any
new idea.
Mr. J ULTAN. To grant lands to companies
is a new policy.
Mr. B1DWELL. I understood, on the con-
trary, objection was to grant lands to the States,
and that the policy was to grant them to com-
panies.
These companies arc responsible organiza-
tions. Because they are organizations, why
cannot lauds be granted to them? To whom
would the gentleman gran! lands ? States. If
lands are to be granted to States only for build-
ing roads then we ought to abandon the idea
of building roads altogether. If we do grant
lands to the States it will give an opportunity
to speculators in the States to gain some par-
ticular advantage for some particular class of
speculators. But this proposes a grant of
lands to a company after they have constructed
twenty miles of road, and when they have con-
structed twenty miles more other lands, and
so on.
Mr. FABNSWORTH. I wish to inquire
whether this bill has been printed.
Mr. BID WELL. It has. I do not wish to
deprive any committee of any business which
legitimately belongs to it.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
CATTLE PLAGUE.
Mr. BID WELL, from the Committee on
Agriculture, submitted a communication from
the Secretary of State to the chairman of that
committee, transmitting correspondence on the
subject of the cattle plague; which was laid
upon the table and ordered to be printed.
NEW POST ROUTE IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. BOSS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a post route between
the towns of Bedford and Pearl, in Pike
county, Illinois; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committeo
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MINNESOTA DISTRICT COURT.
On motion of ^Mr. WINDOM, Senate bill
No. 107, to provide for a term of the district
court for the district of Minnesota to be-held
at the city of Winona, in said district, was
taken from the Speaker's table and read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that hereafter, and until
otherwise provided by law, there shall be held
.annually, on the first Monday in June, a term
of the district court of the United States for
the district of Minnesota, at the city of Winona,
in said district, and that all acts or parts of
acts which require a term of said court to be
held at Mankato, in said district, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN CALIFORNIA AND LOUISIANA.
On_motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, Sen-
ate bill No. 179, in relation to district courts
of the United States in the States of Califor-
nia and Louisiana, was taken from the Speak-
er's tabic, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsidcr the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred in the Committee on the Judiciary; and
also iuo\ ed that the motion to reconsider ba
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SHIP-CANAL IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back without amendment
Senate bill No. 85, granting to the State of
Wisconsin a donation of public land to aid in
the construction of a breakwater, harbor, and
ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the
county of Door, in said State, to connect the
waters of Green bay with Lake Michigan in
said State.
The bill was read. It grants two hundred
thousand acres of land for the aforesaid im-
provements.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would like to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman who reports this bill.
This appropriates two hundred thousand acres
of land, and I understand an appropriation has
already been made for the same object ol' two
hundred thousand acres. Now, I would inquire
what is the length of this canal, and whether it
is not owned by a private corporation, which
