1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
39th Cong.... 1st
Radicalism and Reconstruction—Mr. Sitgreaves.
Ho. of Reps.
havg been imbruted by slavery, that education
was prohibited to the black by southern laws,
and he had intelligence very little beyond the
brute creation. Horace Greeley, in his Tri-
bune of June 2, says that "dissimulation and
treachery are the natural vices of slaves," and
we heard from the lips of a prominent member
of the dominant party on this floor very re-
cently, [Mr. Donnelly,] while he eloquently,
and, I think, with great ingenuity of argument,
urged a national Department of Education,
that—
" AYe cannot make bricks without straw; we can-
not build a republic without intelligence; we have
found ignorance and rebellion every where associated
together as parent and child. If popular ignorance
has plunged Mexico into poverty, anarchy, and ruin,
whatshall it do for the United States? Canthesame
cause yield one result west of the boundary line of
Mexico and an entirely different set of results east
of that line?" * * * * "then let us
eliminate that which is more dangerous than slavery,
ignorance."
Yet with the knowledge of all this, that we
cannot build a republic without intelligence,
the radical would put the ballot in the hands
of millions imbruted by slavery, with intelli-
gence but little beyond the brute creation, pos-
sessing the vices of treachery and dissimula-
tion, and by so doing give them the political
power, in some States the actual numerical
majority, in almost all, the balance of power,
and yet profess that he does so "to guaranty
a republican form of government."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not agree with Hor-
ace Greeley, that "dissimulation and treachery
are the natural vices of slaves." Theslavewas
not treacherous to his master during the late
rebellion. Not treachery, but faithfulness, is a
characteristic of the African race. I do not agree
with my honorable friend [Mr. Doxxelly]
that "popular ignorance has plunged jMexico
into poverty, anarchy, and ruin." I think if I
had time I could convince him that the admis-
sion to citizenship at the Revolution, without
"distinction of race or color," and the misce-
genation of the Castilian, the African, and the
Indian has been the foundation of her '' poverty,
anarchy, and ruin." And I think I could con-
vince my honorable friend [Mr. Dojtkelly]
that there may be something in a republic more
dangerous than either slavery or ignorance;
that is, educated intellect without the education
of the heart. The educated intellect of a vicious
man only makes him potent for evil. Educated
intellect made France of the last century a
nation of infidels ; educated intellect told the
people that there was no God but reason, and
they bowed down to the incarnation of reason
in the person of a naked prostitute. Educated
intellect paved the way for a reign of terror and
blooil. But I do agree with him that a republic
could not be built or exist without intelligence;
and while I would not object to the ignorance
of the few, as not dangerous to free institutions,
I would object to the ignorance of the many.
I have no prejudices against the black man ;
I never had. I have always found him obli-
ging, polite, friendly, of an amiable disposition,
and with the simplicity of a "grown-up child."
1 would rejoice to see him an intelligent free-
man. He now has the power, under God, to
work out his own destiny. He is, when edu-
cated, capable of self-government. But with
these views, I would be false to my constituents
and falso to the Republic to give the control
of entire States to masses of ignorant men,
black or white.
3. But we are urged to pass the several bills
submitted to this Congress disfranchising the
white man of the South and putting him under
political control of the black man as "a punish-
ment. ''
Honorable gentlemen on this floor have
advocated these bills on this ground almost
entirely. Sir, I deny the power of Congress to
pass any law for the punishment of treason or
any other crime heretofore committed by south-
ern men. The Constitution which gave Con-
gress its powers, and which we have all sworn
to support, says, in language impossible to be
misunderstood, that—
" Xo bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be
passed."
By what authority, then, do members on this
floor urge the passage of ex post facto laws as
a punishment for crimes? By what authority
do members on this floor introduce bills which
are in spirit and effect bills of attainder in their
most odious forms?
"Bills of attainder are such special acts of theLegis-
lature as inflict capital punishment upon persons
supposed to be guilty of high offenses, such as trea-
son or felony, without any conviction in the ordi-
nary course of judicial proceedings. If an act inflicts
a milder punishment than death it is then called a
bill of pains and penalties.
"The punishment has often been inflicted without
calling upon the party to answer, or without even
the formality of proof, and sometimes because the
law in its ordinary course of proceeding would acquit
the offender. The injustice and iniquity of such acts
in general constitute an irresistible argument against
the'existenec of the power. In a free government it
would be intolerable; and in, the hands of the reign-
ing faction it might and probably would be abused
to the ruin and death of the most virtuous citizens.
Bills of this sort have been most usually passed in
England in times of rebellion or of gross subserviency
to the Crown or of violent political excitements,
periods in which all nations are most liable—as well
the free as the enslaved, to forget their duties and
to trample upon the rights and liberties of otliors.'—
3 Story on the Constitution.
And yet members in contravention of these
constitutional safeguards of the liberties of the
citizen, advocate bills in which the Congress, as
a judicial tribunal, disfranchises citizens as a
punishment for crimes heretofore committed,
and not even restricting this judicial act to
cases of individuals by name, as in England,
but to large classes of the people without
designating names.
Mr. Speaker, perhaps the proceedings of no
Congress that ever assembled under the Con-
stitution have been watched with more intense
interest by the people ; every one felt when this
Congress assembled that its proceedings would
be for weal or for woe to the unborn millions
who will live and die under our national flag.
The States, the people felt that it would be a
struggle between a written Constitution, guar-
antying the rights of the States and guarding
the rights of the citizen, on the one hand, and
the centralization of despotic power in the Gen-
eral Government on the other hand. It had
been announced by the principal organ of the
radicals that this Government would be recon-
structed under "the form of a republic but
with the strength of a monarchy." No won-
der that our proceedings should excite intense
interest, for no more momentous subject could
engage the thoughts or enlist the interest of a
free people.
Mr. Speaker, no man will deny that this con-
flict has commenced. Sir, it will be "an irre-
pressible conflict" until centralization is tram-
pled into the dust under the indignant lieel of
a free people determined to maintain the com-
pacts of the Constitution, or until the States,
shorn of their strength, are yoked to the car of
Federal power, and then a Constitution would
be a mockery.
The people of the United States have never
indicated their desire for a change of the or-
ganic law by a reconstruction of the States.
Sir, this Congress was not elected upon such
an issue, and when, knowing this, I see a ma-
jority of this House voting in favor of propo-
sitions to change the fundamental law upon
subjects always held sacred by the people;
when I see these changes of the fundamental
law submitted to Legislatures elected without
reference to such changes, I tremble for my
country. I feel if I could by so doing change
the purposes of a majority of this House to
centralize power, I would do what I never
would do to mortal man, except for my God
and for my country. I would kneel as a hum-
ble suppliant to my colleagues and pray them,
for the sake of God, for the sake of a generous,
confiding people, to pause until that people
could be heard; that they would attach to
every bill of amendment a requisition that
it shall be ratified by conventions instead of
Legislatures. Sir, as it now is, a Congress
elected without reference to amendment of the
Constitution may propose amendments, and
these amendments may be ratified by Legisla-
tures elected entirely on other issues; thus the
fundamental law maybe changed, not only with-
out the knowledge, but against the will of a vast
majority of the people. It will be according to
the^ forms of the Constitution, but in violation
of its very spirit and essence.
_ Sir, that this bold attempt to override the
rights of the people is contemplated by the
champions of arbitrary power, and will be
made, I have the proof. I read the follow-
ing notice, published in the public presses;
" Pennsylvania.—Go vernorCurtin has taken upon
himself the duty of sending letters to the ' Governors
of all the loyal States/ urging them to convene tho
Legislatures of their respective States, in order to
take action on the proposed constitutional amend-
ment which has lately been submitted to the country
by Congress. The Governor of Massachusetts is re-
ported as eager to respond, and is ready to call an
extra session of the Legislature any Saturday after-
noon:"
No doubt, sir, every loyal radical Governor
is " eager to respond," while at the same time
he will prate about the duty of Congress to
"guaranty a republican form of government."
From the number and character of the bills
introduced as amendments of the Constitution,
some members seem to think that two thirds
of the Congress and three fourths of the States
have omnipotent power to change the funda-
mental law in all its parts. Sir, I deny that
power. There are ^reserved rights of the peo-
ple that were never surrendered, even under
the power of amendment; amongthesemaybe
enumerated the right of every man to worship
God according to the dictates of his own con-
science—it is the inalienable right of every cit-
izen now and forever—and to this may be added
the right of suffrage. No State that ratified
the Constitution ever contemplated a grant of
power under an amendment of the Constitu-
tion, to pass bills of attainder, ex post facto
laws, to impose a tax or duty on articles ex-
ported from any State, or to establish a mon-
archy. Sir, if the Constitution when submitted
to the States had contained a provision au-
thorizing two thirds of Congress and three
fourths of the States to so amend as to deprive
a citizen of the right to worship God, or to take
away the right of suffrage, or to pass bills of
attainder and ex post facto laws, or to impose
a tax on the exports of a State, or to establish
a monarchy, does any sane man believe for a
moment that it would have been ratified by a
single State of " the Old Thirteen." Sir, our
fathers felt as we should feel, that there are
reserved rights which are inalienable; that con-
stitutions bind posterity, and that we have no
right to bind posterity in the chains of arbi-
trary power. Yet, sir, we have a bill pending
for some time giving authority to Congress, by
an amendment of the Constitution, to authorize
the levy of a tax or duty on cotton, an amend-
ment which, if passed, would repeal that sec-
tion of the Constitution which was intended
by our fathers to protect commerce and to pre-
vent sectional legislation by the passage of
acts which might injure or destroy the staple
productions of a State in order to promote the
interests of another State, a power which
would array the cupidity of one class of our
citizens against the interests of another class,
the cupidity of the manufacturer against the
producer, the commercial against the agricult-
ural interests, and vice versa, to end in dis-
content, rebellion, or revolution.
Yet we have heard on this floor, in colloquial
debate, from the lips of a member of the dom-
inant party, a gentleman who, in cultivated
intellect, respectability, and eloquence, ranks
as high as any other member, tho right of two
thirds of Congress and three fourths of the
States to establish a monarchy, under the plea
that when the people were ready to make such
