246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
Ho. of Keps.
Radicalism, and Reconstruction—Mr. Sitgreaves.
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
a change they would be so demoralized that a
republican government would not be worth
contending for. Representatives of Illinois,
Indiana, Ohio, Missouri, New York, Penn-
sylvania, are you prepared to sanction this doc-
trine? Are you willing to admit such a lati-
tudinarian construction of the Constitution that
your constituents could have the fetters of a
monarchy riveted on their necks whenever
three fourths of the States become so demor-
alized as to require it by an amendment to the
Constitution? Are the rights of your constit-
uents to be governed by the demoralization of
others? Is that a condition in the compact,
either express or implied? Would your con-
stituents submit to the wrong, or would they
assert their inalienable rights by revolution?
Yet we have heard the right of Congress as-
serted in bills and by members in debate to
regulate suffrage. You know that the power
to give includes the power to take away—a
power to disfranchise the people at the arbi-
trary will of a majority of Congress. Who can
doubt that the power would be exercised in
times of high political excitement? Are you
prepared to give this sacred right of your con-
stituents—the right of ballot—to the control
and keeping of a majority of Congress?
Mr. Speaker, I have been pained to hear the
passage of bills urged in this House by an ap-
peal to the prejudices of party and the revenge-
ful feelings engendered by the heat of the late
conflict of arms. Legislation induced by pas-
sion should never bo the legislation of a free
people in a free republic. We legislate and
propose amendments to the fundamental law,
not for a year or a century of years, but for all
coming time. We seem to forget that when we
legislate againstthe South or for party wc'legis-
lute for our own posterity. Suppose we should
suececd in giving an ascendency to party or in
crippling the South in her resources; what is
the life of a man or a party when compared
with the life of an empire? Parties are ephe-
meral. The places that now know the men of
the South, the actors in the late conflict, in a
few years "will know them no more forever,"
but the Republic should and will (if sustained
by wise legislation) endure forever. God grant
that it may stand impregnable, in the future as
in the past, against the assaults of traitors
within and foes without.
It is folly to make an organic law giving the
power to promote the interest of one section
at the expense of another section, however the
interest of one section may bo identified with
the interest of another section now. That
identity of interest will not continue. With
the settlement of our vast Territories and the
development of their vast resources, new com-
binations of interest and power will be formed.
The God of nature has identified the interests
of the West with the South, and the men of the
est in the future will be the political allies
of the men of the South, whether the men of
the South are white or black.
I need not say that every addition to the
powers of the Federal Government, either by
an amendment of the Constitution or by un-
constitutional construction, is by subtraction
from the powers of the States, and destroys the
equilibrium of powers intended to check des-
potism, and would leave the dearest rights of
the States and the people at the mercy of a
majority of Congress, which in a country of
such vast extent as ours, with such diversified
productions, would inevitably result in sec-
tional parties, sectional legislation, and hatred
of the Union.
I need not say that constitutions are made
for minorities not for majorities. J need not
say with what fearful speed we are gravitating
to centralization of power. Witness the tax-
ation of State banks out of existence; the pas-
sage of bills by this House in relation to rail-
roads ; the power assumed over the right of
suffrage ; the attempt to destroy the independ-
ence of the State judiciary under the penalty
of fine and imprisonment; the interference
with and virtual repeal of State laws; the power
given to swarms of officers (includingthe officers
of the Freedmen's Bureau) to arrest and im-
prison the citizens of every State; but above all
the conversion of the United States into a great
eleemosynary corporation by the passage of
the " act to enlarge the power of the Freed-
men's Bureau," districting the United States,
with the establishment, of military authority
over each district containing freedmen or refu-
gees ; an agent in each count y armed with mil-
itary power, and authorized to supersede the
civil power by trial and condemnation of citi-
zens under the rules of the War Department,
prescribed by the President, without trial by
jury; the establishment of poor-houses; the
erection of school-houses, and the support of
millions of paupers at the expense of the peo-
ple, And this bill, which conferred imperial
power on the President, and laid the personal
liberties of the people and the independence
of the State judiciary at the feet of military
power, the greatest stride to centralization ever
dreamed or attempted under our Constitution,
was only prevented from becoming a law by
the firmness of Andrew Johnson. For this
act the name of Andrew Johnson will live in
the heart of every friend of popular rights as
a champion and defender of the rights of the
States and liberties of the people in their hour
of peril until the Republic shall cease to exist.
The plan of reconstruction, embracing the
refusal to permit eleven States to be represented
in Congress, is a grand scheme to perfect cen-
tralization. This plan of reconstruction pun-
ishes the innocent as well as the guilty in the
southern States, the loyalist as well as ^he
traitor. Tennessee, who broke the chains of
secession and stood in the ranks of the loyal
States, with lovni representatives, is placed in
the same category with South Carolina, and the
powers of the loyal States are also to be cur-
tailed under this plan of reconstruction. Who,
sir, ever believed that the secession of traitors
would reconstruct our Government,? Why, sir,
Jefferson Davis, in the height of his success,
never dreamed that success would result in a
reconstruction of our Government, much less
that his defeat would effect that result. Mr.
Speaker, I am not surprised that this effort to
reconstruct should be urged upon us. Many
men have long waited for some fortunate chance
to occur that might enable them to reconstruct
our institutions. The great "Head Center"
of the dominant party in this House, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] with a candor that does him honor,
recently said:
"In my youth, in my manhood, and in my old n crc, I
have fondly dreamed that when :i riy fortunate chancc
should have broken up the foundations of our institu-
tions and released us from obligations the most tyran-
nical that ever man imposed in the name ot freedom."
But thousands have prayed with more fer-
vency than my venerable friend ever dreamed,
that this fortunate chance should never occur.
Sir, the people neither demand reconstruc-
tion nor centralization. They want restoration.
The industry and business of the country de-
mand immediate restoration. Thousands of
farmers, mechanics, and capitalists are waiting
to go South. Their industry and enterprise
would in a few years make that fair and fruit-
ful laud, now desolated by war, to "bud and
blossom as the rose," but they will not settle
in a " conquered province," governed by mil-
itary force.
The financial interests of the country, the
tax-payers burdened with the largest national
debt upon earth, demand that their burdens
should be lightened by an immediate restora-
tion of the States, the industry, and produc-
tions of the South.
The friends of constitutional freedom demand
immediate restoration as a measure vital to the
preservation of the Constitution and perpetuity
of the Union. The Christian—not the radical
priest who preaches political " hatred and mal-
ice and all uncharitableness," who sees that
God is only a God of justice—not him, but the
Christian who believes that God is a " God of
love," ministers of the meek and lowly Jesus,
who taught IBs disciples to pray " Forgive us
our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass
against us," demand it.
Sir, the law of love and friendship is the
only law that can bind this Union in enduring
bonds. Sectionalism and sectional hate sooner
or later will rend it asunder. The policy of
statesmen shouldbe conciliation,not vengeance.
I feel no hatred in my bosom toward the seces-
sion traitors of the South, or their allies the
sectional radical fanatics of the North, although
I believe, as much as I believe in my own exist-
ence, that they alike are responsible for th<j
blood of our sons. I would restore the Union
of my country in forgiveness and mutual con-
fidence. I would rest the foundations of the
Union on respect and love.
It is marvelous to me that statesmen cannot
see that sectional denunciation and sectional
laws can never cement the Union of the States,
can never command or inspire the respect of
nationalities. Look at Ireland; centuries of
sectional oppression have not turned the spirit
of her sons or caused them to love their
" union'' with Great Britain. She was first '' a
conquered province," then England by bri-
bery and compulsion established " the Union,"
a Union commenced in perfidy, and which
has been used by the British Parliament to
restrict her commerce, to load her with taxes,
and the result of which has been to drive
thousands of her sons to seek liberty and a
homo under the flag of "this great Republic."
Has sectional legislation, has the rule of force
instead of conciliation, made the Celt love tho
Saxon and "the Union?" No! tho wrongs
of the Irishman have been transmitted from
sire to son with undying hate, and at this very
hour one hundred thousand Irishmen now on
our soil stand ready to avenge their wrongs
and to give liberty to their fatherland. This
hereditary feeling of the Trish was most elo-
quently expressed by President Roberts in an
address to the Fenians, as follows :
" The concentrated wrongs of centuries are in our
hearts, and give strength to the perpetual longing l'or
Irish freedom which neither time nor obstacles can
quench."
Mr. Speaker, Ireland will yet be free, for—
"Freedom's battle once begun,
Bequeathed from bleeding sire to son.
Though baffled oft is ever won."
And where is the friend of human freedom
in this land that would not rejoice to see the
Irishman break his shackles and Ireland stand
a disenthralled nation in the family of nations ?
Yes, sir, Ireland will yet be free ; "the green
flag" will again float over that beautiful isle,
and then, and not until then, will tho "epitaph
of Emmett be written'' on bronze and marble,
as it is now written in every true Irish heart.
The soldiers who fought for the restoration
of the Union, who gave their blood to restore
the supremacy of the Constitution and the laws,
will demand that the Union conquered by their
ai-ms shall be restored. It will be folly to tell
them that they fought in vain ; that they fought
to dissolve, not restore, the Union. If this
Congress fails to restore the Union of tho
States (and Congress is the only obstacle to
that restoration) they will say that radical
ideas have done what the armies of traitors in
the field could not do—prevented the restora-
tion of the Union. No glittering generalities
like the glittering veil of the false prophet of
Ivhorassan can deceive them. You may talk
to them and repeat the stereotyped phrases
about "the right," "humanity," "indemnity
for the past and security for the future,"
"brotherhood of man," "hands drippingwith
human gore," &c., and you may frame bills
with titles proposing to facilitate tho restora-
tion of tho Union, while they in effect post-
pone it, but they will tell you that they fought
for immediate restoration, not for postpone-
ment.
