1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2687
The question recurred upon tlie amendment
of Mr. Wilson1, of Iowa.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it a motion to insert the
words "pig iron" in place of what the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Wilson1] proposes to
strike out, so that our revenues shall not suffer
in consequence of striking out those articles.
I think pig iron with this tax will produce a
much larger revenue than the articles my friend
from Iowa proposes to strike out. And I think
it can much better bear taxation than the agri-
cultural interests of the country. Iam informed
that the iron interest is in a far more prosper-
ous condition now than agricultural interests
generally.
The question was taken upon Mr. Sloan's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa; and being taken, upon
a division, there were—ayes 37, noes 29; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Mr. Le Bloxu, were appointed.
The committee again divided : and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I was
opposed to striking out the articles which have
been stricken from the bill. But, most assur-
edly, since they are stricken out, there should,
in justice, beat least an exemption in reference
to scales. I therefore move to amend by add-
ing, at the end of the paragraph, the follow-
ing:
Provided, That when any parts of scales shall have
been once assessed, and a tax previously paid thereon,
the amount so paid shall be deducted from the tax on
the linished article.
Mr. Chairman, I will state my reason for
offering this amendment. In the manufacture
of scales various articles,' such as rods, screws,
and bolts, are used. These, when constructed,
are taxed separately. Under the existing law
they are taxed $3 60 per ton. The scales when
completed, with these articles as constituent
parts, are taxed six per cent, upon the gross
value. In this way a double taxation is im-
posed on the manufacturer. It is certainly
unjust that articles should thus be taxed twice.
If the different articles which enter into the
structure of scales are subjected to a separate
tax, they should not be included in the assess-
ment when estimating the gross value of the
finished article. Duplicate taxation is always
unjust.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Woodbridge.]
The taxation upon the articles mentioned in
this paragraph has been icdueed from six to
three per cent, for the very purpose of favoring
them, and for the further purpose of avoiding the
complex system which we should have if the
small parts which enter into the structure of
scales, threshing-machines, mowers and reap-
ers, were exempted from their proportionate
share of the tax upon the gross value of the fin-
ished articles. In collecting the tax upon the
completed articles, it would be very difficult to
compute and allow the deduction for every little
screw, or bolt, or rod, on which a separate tax
might previously have been paid. Such a sysf em
as that would be extremely vexatious ; and for
the purpose of avoiding such a system, the
committee concluded to fix the tax on the fin-
ished article at three per cent, ad valorem,
instead of five per cent., which is the rate im-
posed on engines and other large machinery
ivhere the amount of tax previously paid on
particular parts can readily be calculated. The
gentleman's amendment would involve us in
the very difficulties which the committee sought
to avoid.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. For the purpose of
replying to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] I move to amend the amendment by
striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I am quite surprised at the
remarks which the gentleman has just made. I
think that the idea advanced by him is a new
offspring of his brain; for when I spoke to him
in reference to this matter two or three da3rs
ago, he conceded that thjgre was eminent pro-
priety in such an amendment as I have pro-
posed. But it seems the gentleman has just
discovered that a desire to avoid such a system
as that proposed in the amendment was the
reason which induced the Committee of Ways
and Means to propose a reduction of the tax on
scales from six to three per cent, ad valorem.
Now, sir, my impression is that the reason
actuating the committee in making this reduc-
tion was the propriety and justice of a policy
of reduced taxation upon articles in general
use and necessary for the increasing business
of the country, and that they found that such
a reduction could be made without interfering
with the collection of the needful amount of
revenue for the support of the Government.
It appears to me that the amendment which
I propose will not involve us in any such diffi-
culties as the gentleman from Ohio apprehends.
The various articles used in the manufacture
of scales are ordinarily tnade and finished in
the shop where the scales are constructed.
They are subject to a separate taxation; and
then when put into the scales are taxed over
again at the rate of three per cent, on their
value. My amendment will not increase in
the least degree the difficulty of collecting the
tax.
The trouble will be just as great whether the
amendment is passed or not. These various
articles are manufactured in large quantities,
and are used as scales are constructed, and
there can be no difficulty in designating how
much of this or that article is used in the con-
struction of one or fifty or five hundred scales.
So that the argument of the gentleman amounts
to nothing.
It is always best to do right when we know
what right is. A tax is always a blow and a
burden. It is necessary to be imposed for the
support of the Government, and is a just bur-
den upon the subject in consideration of the
protection which Government affords; but cer-
tainly it is unwise and unjust to duplicate tax-
ation. If it were necessary to impose a tax
of six per cent, on scales I am the last man
that would object to it. I am for taxing all
articles sufficiently and with discrimination and
discretion to raise the revenue that Govern-
ment requires; but in imposing the tax I would
do justice to all and injustice to none as far as
possible. And I assert it as a principle that
there should not be duplicate taxation where
it can possibly be avoided.
Now, I know that the manufacture of scales
in this country has not been a remunerative
business. There is one firm in my State which
has existed thirty years or more, and has
amassed a fortune. 'There are other scales
coming into use made by other manufacturers.
There is one new manufactory within my own
district, where I know there has been no money
made as yet; no dividend has been paid upon
the stock. I also happen to know that I have
had some stock of that kind myself which
turned out as my investments usually do—not
a dollar of interest and a loss of the principal.
I hope this amendment will be adopted, because
it is right. It is not class legislation, nor legis-
lation for the benefit of individuals, but the
assertion of a principle.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not wish to retail
any private conversation between the gentle-
man and myself, or any of our private opin-
\ ions that we have exchanged outside,
i Mr. WOODBRIDGE. If the gentleman
I will allow me, I beg pardon for any reference
! to the gentleman's views. I would not have
called upon him if I had not such great con-
sideration for his integrity and good judgment.
I supposed the gentleman was sincere in his
\ approval of the amendment,
j Mr. GARFIELD. I only want to say that
i the gentleman will recollect that a short time
j afterward 1 told him plainly, in his seat, that I
thought the amendment was not a proper one.
I Mr. WOODBRIDGE. According to my
recollection that was since I introduced the
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. It was an amendment in
regard to engines to which he referred. I
thought it was a very proper one, and I ad-
mitted at the time that the principle ought to
be ingrafted wherever it could be, namely, that
we shall not duplicate taxes by taxing parts of
a machine and afterward taxing the machine
when it is put together. But let it be under-
stood that when we take away the duplicate
tax we leave the tax ad valorem.. In this ease
the ad valorem taxis reduced to three per cent.
And another thing is done. The transitory tax
which is added to these machines in another
part of the bill is taken away, which leaves this
interest still more free.
As I said before, it would be a very vexa-
tious and troublesome tax to collect, and I
trust the gentleman's amendment will not pre-
vail.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
The question being taken on the original
amendment offered by Mr. Woodbridge, it was
not agreed,fo.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to strike out
the word " scales'' and to insert at the end of
the paragraph the following: '• scales shall be
put upon the free list."
Mr. Chairman, we had a good deal of talk
here in regard to fanning. It seems to be an
extremely popular occupation.
Mr. SCALDING. If the gentleman will
allow me. I wish to move to strike out the
whole paragraph.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. No, sir. The gen-
tleman can make that motion afterward. It is
very popular and very acceptable, doubtless,
to agriculturists for gentlemen to get up here
and say that we ought not to oppress that hon-
orable class of men who do so much for the
welfare of their country. ell. sir. I am an
agriculturist myself, and most of my constit-
uents are agriculturists. They constitute at
least one of the most independent, intelligent,
and patriotic class of men that the sun ever
shone upon ; but, sir, I am informed that farm-
ers, as a class, pay less taxes, in proportion to
their means, than men engaged in any other
occupation. You get but little income from
the farmers who own high-priced sheep, or
from those who cultivate thousands of acres
of our western prairies. Honorable and high-
minded as they are, they are not the men who
yield the money for the support of the Gov-
ernment. It is the manufacturers who return
the income that rolls the wheels of Govern-
ment, and yet gentlemen say we most strike
the tax off this and the other article because
the farmers use them; and our legislators do
not always seem to be independent enough to
act in accordance with their own judgments, hut
rather pander to what they suppose to be the
popular sentiment, so as to have the farmers
say ''This is the man who looks after our
interest: we must return him to Congress."
Sir, I will never lend nnself to a cry of that
kind, whether I come to Congress or stay at
home: 1 respect the farmer, because he is
manly, and is at the very foundation of society.
His is the earliest and noblest occupation
known to civilized life. But, at the same time,
I do not believe in giving up principles of
right merely for the purpose of coaxing and
flattering those who have so much to do in
electing members of Congress.
Now scales are used, it is true, on farms,
and every farmer wants one to weigh his beef,
his hay, h's wool: but it is not merely be-
cause the farmer wants thorn that I propose
the amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MORRILL. As this paragraph has been
fully and eloquently discussed, 1 hope the ques-
tion will be taken.
The amendment of Mr. Ti oowjkidoe was
not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. As
the committee have stricken out so much of
this paragraph, 1 suppose there will be no
