1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are no large streams flowing into the lake so as
to afford a harbor.
The little indentation at Milwaukee and one
at another little point constitute the only har-
bors on that lake from Green bay to Milwau-
kee. And when you take into consideration
that Green bay itself is connected with rivers
coming in from the south and southwest, by
which the produce of that country is brought
to market, you see that you will save one hun-
dred and fifty miles in passing from the mouth
of Sturgeon bay up to the main entrance of
Green bay.
Another consideration is that in stress of
weather vessels going south or north may take
this course and have safe inland navigation.
It seems to me wise, and that the Govern-
ment will be fostering its own interest, to give
for the benefit of that commerce one hundred
or two hundred thousand acres of land. The
time has passed when the Government can ex-
pect to make money directly from the sale of
the public lands.
_ Mr. WINFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. ECKLEY. I must decline to yield any
further. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ECKLEY demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WIXI'TELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 7(5, nays 30, not voting
77 ; as follows:
h
CuUoiu, Dims, Donnelly, Drigg,^, Eckley, Eggl'cston
Eldridsce, Eliot, Earqnhar, Verry, Garfield, Gnnncll,
lialc, .Aimer C. Harding, Hart, llaycs, llonderson,
3}i?by, Hill, Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Julian,
Ka.-^on, Ivcilcy, Kelso, Laflin. Latham, Le .Blond,
Loan, Longyear, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKec, Mc-
lluer, Mereur, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Orth, Paine,
Pcrham, Plants, Price,John II. Rice, Sawyor,Bclienck,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Stilwoll, Taber, Tay-
lor, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van llorn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ehliu J]. Washburne, Hcnrv D. Wash-
bmn, Wclkcv, Wcntworth, James P. Wilson, and
Windoin—•'70.
MAYS—Messrs. Bergen, Boyer, Broomall, Coffroth,
Dawson, Dcfrees, I)i.\on,Finek, Glos^brcnnei, Aaron
llarduig, Edwin N. Uubbell, J amc?U. Hubbcll. Kerr,
Marshall, Marston, Xiblaek, "Nicholson, Pattcinon,
Radford, \\ llham IL Randall, Hitter, Rogers, Rollins,
Ros.% Shanklin, Thayer, Thornton, Whalcy, Wm-
iiold, jukI Wrisrht—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Aneona, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Blaine,
Blow, Brandetfce, Bronnvell, Brooks, Buckland,
Clianler, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Culver, Darling,
Dawes, Delano, Dennng, Denison, Dumont, Earns-
woith, Goodyear, Glider, Griswold, Harris, lloccan,
Hooper. llotohki.ss, Chester D. llubbard, DemasHub-
bard, John U. Hubbard, Hulburd, James Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, Ingei^oll, Jenckos. Johnson,
Jones, Keteham, Knykendall, George Y. Lawrence,
Willi am Lawrence, Lynch, Marvin. MeOullough, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morris,Newell, Noel], O'Neill, Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
andorH. Rice, Rousseau, Scoficld.Sitgrcaves. Smith,
Starr, Stevens, Strousc, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Ward, Warner, Wil-
liam B. Wa?hburn, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Woodbtidge—77.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MIXX^OTA. LAND GUANTS.
On motion of Mr. DONNELLY, Senate bill
No. 221. relating to lands grrmtod to the State
of Minnesota to aid in tho construction of rail-
roads, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
iiru XAP.y TiEsr^vATrox?.
Mr. CLAIiKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to sell a portion of the Port
Leavenworth military reservation to the city
A. Y. RAWSON.
of Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, for a
public park; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Sir. CLARKE, of Kansas, also, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to authorize
the construction of a railroad through certain
lands of the United States in Kansas j which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. #
CEMETERY AT ATLANTA.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform this House whether any effort has been
made to collect into burial giound set apart for that
purpose the remains of theoffieers and soldiers killed
and buried on the various battle-fields about Atlanta;
and if not, whether any special appropriation is ne-
cessary therefor.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter which I send up to his desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Atlanta, Georgia, March 26,1860.
Devi* Sir: Last Saturday I rode over the battle-
ground of 22d July, 1804. It seems to me something
ought to be done about getting our brave dead to-
gether. They are buried all about tho country; some
in fields that are now preparing for plowing; then
all traces of the graves will be obliterated. 1 found
graves of Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, In-
diana, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York,
Massachusetts, and Connecticut soldiers. Many are
buried in private lots; these will soon be dug over.
Cannot you call attention to this subject and have it
attended to.
Yours truly,
Hon. Joii>t A. Kasson.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to make a sugges-
tion 1o the gentleman who introduces this res-
olution, and it is, that lie strike out " Secre-
tary of War" and insert "President." The
law places this matter especially in the hands
of the President, and it does not legitimately
belong to the "War Department.
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman considers
that it would be more properly in that shape 1
will change it. I will strike out the words
Secretary of War be directed," and insert
"President be requested."
The resolution was agreed to.
VOLUNTEERS IX SERVICE.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I have here a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War. showingprc-
cisely how many volunteers, both white and
colored, are now in the service. There lias
been some misapprehension about that matter,
and some gentleman introduced a resolution
to get this information. J present the papers
which have been communicated to me as chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
move that they be laid upon the table, and
printed for the information of members.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF TUB ARMY.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to reduce and establish the
pay of officers, and to regulate the pay of sol-
diers of the Army of the United States; "which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PAPKTIS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unan-
imous consent, the Committee on Claims was
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Columbus L. Lancaster, and leave
was granted to the petitioner to withdraw his
papers from the tiles of the House, copies
being left.
ADDITIONAL POUT OF ENTRY.
Mr. PJKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill making the citv of Calais an addi-
tional port of entry in the Passamaquoddy dis-
trict; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CHANGE OE REt'-CTlIlNCK.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
byunanhnous consent, the Committee on Naval
Aflairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petitions of Captain J. M.
Partridge and James Thompson, and the same
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
EIGHT-HOUR SYSTEM.
Mi*. ^ "WARD. I ask leave to introduce a
petitition fifteen feet long, signed by several
hundred citizens of my district, asking that a
legal day's work for labor on the Government
works be eight hours.
There being no objection, the petition was*
received and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER, (at
half past three o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the miles and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLIbON: The petition of Milo Gilbert, and
50 others, citizens of Floyd county, Iowa., playing,
first, for a ship-canal connecting Lakes Erie and On-
tario; second, the improvement of the Fox and Wis-
consin rivers; third, the enlargement of the Illinois
and Michigan canal and improvement of the Illinois
river; fourth, tho improvement of the rapids of tho
Mississippi river.
Also, the petition of Robert G. Beiniger, and 50
others, citizens of Floyd county, Iowa, asking Con-
gress to enact laws upon the subject of insurance.
Also, the petition of Catharine Quigley and Thomas
Rogers, asking relief from payment of certain judg-
ment against, them.
Also, the petition of Mark W. Lovctt, and 300 oth-
ers, citizens of Clayton county, Iowa, asking for an
additional duty on wool.
. By Mr. BEAMAN: The remonstrance of A. Stock-
ing, and others, citizens of Lenawee county, Michigan,
against renewing land grant to the Amboy, Lansing,
and Traverse Bay Railroad Company, in said State.
Also, the remonstrance of E. R. Thompson, andlOS
others, citizens of Hillsdale county, to same effect.
Also, the remonstrance of J. J. Newell, and J. R.
Bennett, and 74 others, citizens of Adrian, Michigan,
to samo effect.
Also, tho remonstrance of P. J. Spalding, E. J.
Waldby, and 73 others, citizens of Adrian, Michigan,
to same effect.
Also, the remonstrance of Austin Blair, and 40
others, citizens of Jackson, Michigan, to same effect.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citizcns of
the counties of Chester and Delaware, Pennsylvania,
praying for the equalization of bounties of soldiers.
Also, the petition of manufacturers of agricultural
implements in Chester county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing lor relief from the onerous tax upon their Busi-
ness.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: The petition of 784
citizcns of northern Kansas, praying for the passago
of a bill authorizing a grant of land for a railroad
from Elwood, Doniphan county, westward through
northern Kansas.
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of George S.
Puiter, and others, citizens of Utica, asking the pas-
sage of a law regulating inter-State insurance.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of Wil-
mington, "Will county, Illinois, praying for the pas-
sago of a law regulating insurances.
Also, the petition of citizens of Peru, Lasalle
county, Illinois, praying for the passage of a law
repculatincc insurances.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Alanson "Woodford,
Iloldcn Budlong, and 128 others, citizcns of Onon-
daga county, New Yoik, praying increased protec-
tion to American wools.
Also, a similar petition of Luther Baker, Calvin
} I. Kn app, and o0 others, citizens of Onondaga county,
New York.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of II. J. Dunham,
and others, citizcns of Stoekbridge, Massachusetts,
asking for legislation on insurance.
_ Also, the petition of George W. Barker, and others,
citizens of Hancock, Massachusetts, asking for an
increase of the tariff.
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of 200 citizens of
Indiana county, Pennsylvania, praying for an in-
crease of duty on imported wool.
Also, the petition of 115 citizens of Indiana county,
Pennsylvania, asking an increase of duty on im-
ported wool.
By Mr. DONNELLY: The memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State oi' Minnesota, for an extension of
time for providing an agricultural college in said
jScate.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition 432 citizcns, wool-
growcrh of Columbiana county, Ohio, asking an ad-
ditional duty on wool.
Also, the petition of 175 citizens of Stark county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of 140 mer-
chants of tho city of New Orleans, praying that the
excise tax on sugar and molasses produced in the
southern States may be reduced.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of T. W. Sanford, and
others, of Massachusetts, praying that a law may bo
passed fixing eight hours as a day's labor for employes
oi tho Government.
By Mr. FARNSWORT0: The petition of Miles
Shepard, and others, of Antioch, Lake count}, Illi-
nois, for a. uniform system of insurance.
Also, the petition of a large number of citizens of
St. Chailcs, Illinois for increase oi duty upon wool.
By Mr. GARFIELD; The petition of James Stone,
George "VY. SUepard, and others, of Ashtabula county*
Ohio, praying for increase of duty on wool.
