THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
objection to striking out " brooms and wooden-
ware," and I make that motion. The great
expense of the articles of wooden-iyare, tubs,
and pails, consists of iron hoops and wires
and various articles which pay a taxof'five per
cent.
Mr. MORRILL, I hope that will not be
stricken out.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and on a division, there were—ayes 35,
noes 88; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Ross, were ap-
pointed.'
Mr. MORRILL. As there is evidently not
& quorum present, I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Wil-
uam J. McDoxald, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Senate had passed with amendments
bills of the following titles, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (H. R. No. 37) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1867;
A bill (H. R. No. 216) for the relief of Cor-
delia Murray;
A bill (H. R. No. 261) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 18G7, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 459) granting a pension to
Anna E. Ward;
A bill (H. R. No. 462) grantingapension to
Mrs. Sally Andrews ; and
A bill (fl. It. No. 493) granting a pension to
Mrs. Joanna Winans.
The message further announced that the
Senate had receded from their amendment to
the bill (H. R. No. 568) to regulate the time
and fix the place for holding the circuit court
of the United States in the district of Virginia,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had postponed indefinitely the bill of
the House (No. 408) for the relief of James
Foster.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment the fol-
lowing bills of the House :
An act (H. R. No. 265) granting a pension
to John Hoffman, of Madison county, in the
State of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 434) for the relief of Isa-
bella Strubing;
An act (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Betsey Nash;
An act (H. It. No. 460) granting a pension,
to Spencer Kellogg ; and
An act (H. R. No. 494) for the relief of
Martha J. Willey.
Also, that the Senate had passed the follow-
ing bill and joint resolution, in wliieh the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 123) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in Cali-
fornia, to Portland, in Oregon ; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 97) to authorize
certain medals to be distributed to veteran sol-
diers free of postage.
military academy appropriations.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 37, mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1867, were taken from the Speaker's
table and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
diplomatic appropriations.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 261,
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the ,year ending the 30th of June, 1867, and
for other purposes, were taken from the Speak-
er's table and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
assistant secretary of the navy.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 318, to authorize the appoint-
ment of an additional Assistant Secretary of
the Navy.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Then I move
to proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
The question was taken, and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 31, noes 31; no quorum
voting.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. I move the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at twenty-five minues to five o'clock p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROMWELL: The petition of Charles H.
Wood, and others, citizens of Iroquois county, Illi-
nois, praying for a Bureau of Insurance.
Also, the petition of citizens of Macon county, Illi-
nois, praying for a mail route from Decatur, Illinois,
to Newburg, Illinois.
By Mr. BLOW : The memorial of tho Union Mer-
chants' Exchange of St. Louis in regard to the Sen-
ate bill providing for draw-bridges on the Mississippi
river.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of Duncan, Sherman
& Co., Brown, Brothers & Co., and others, of the city
of New York, against a tax of five per cent, a pound
on cotton.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The petition
of J ames C. Cooke for relief as to timo of filing appli-
cation for renewal of patent.
By Mr. MAltVIN: The petition of 128 citizens of
Saratoga county, iN'oiv York, asking an increase and
an ad valorem duty on foreign wool.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of P. D. Mason,
Esq., and others, of Geneva, New York, asking for a
law in relation to inter-State insurance companies.
Also, thepetition of Joseph Hershey.jr., of Goshen,
New York, and others, asking for an increased duty
on imported wool.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of the officers of
the Entomological Society of Philadelphia, asking for
an appropriation of $3,000 per annum to be expended
in the publication and circulation of the monthly
periodical called the Practical Entomologist.
By Mr. ROLLINS: The petition of A. J. Prcscott,
and 19 otlier3, citizens of Concord, New Hampshire,
James Dean, and 22 others, citizens of Lowell, Mas-
sachusetts, A. G. Durfer, and 32 others, citizens of
Providence, Rhode Island, severally praying for the
passage of an act regulating inter-State insurances
of nil kinds.
By Mr. SITGREAVES: Thepetition of glass man-
ufacturers, praying a reduction of duties on glass-
ware.
By Mr. STILWELL: The petition of Governor
Morton, and others, trustees oi the Indiana Agricul-
tural College, praying for an amendment to the act
granting lands to the States to institute agricultural
colleges.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: Resolutions of theLegis-
lature of New York, in favor of equalizing bounties
to soldiers and sailors who enlisted in 1851 and 1862.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of 125 citizens of Bath,
New York, in favor of increasing tho tariif on wool.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 19, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
clerks in the departments.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States :
To the House of Representatives:
In further response to the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 7th instant,
calling for information in regard to clerks em-
ployed in the various Executive Departments,
I transmit herewith reports from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior,
and the Postmaster General.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., May 17, 1866.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was laid upon the table and ordered to
be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask leave of
absence for myself on account of sickness in
my family. I cannot tell how long I may be
absent.
No objection was made, and indefinite leave
of absence was granted.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, with amendments, bills
of the following titles, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 345) for the relief of
Christina Elder; and
An act (H. R. No. 363) supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the
following bill:
An act -(H. R. No. 386) for the relief of
Francis A. Gibbons.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 251) for the relief of Com-
modore Thomas Turner;
An act (S. No. 261) for the relief of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston;
An act (S. No. 275) for the relief of Cor-
nelius Crowley;
An act (S. No. 291) granting a pension to
Mrs. Rebecca Irwin;
An act (S. No. 298) granting a pension to
Jane D. Brent;
An act (S. No. 299) granting a pension to
Jane E. Miles;
An act (S. No. 309) to authorize Samuel
Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian, to enter and
purchase a certain tract of land in the Stock-
bridge reservation of Wisconsin;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of Sarah
J. Purcell;
An act (S. No. 821) for the relief of Maria
Syphax ;
An act (S. No. 326) granting a pension to
Mrs. Harriet B. Crocker;
An act (S. No. 327) granting a pension to
Mrs. Katharine F. Winslow; and
An act (S. No. 329) for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret Kaetzel.
protection of the frontier.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill to provide
for the better protection of the frontiers of the
United States and Territories thereof was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be en-
tered on the Journal.
equalizing bounties.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which House bill No. 602,
to equalize the bounties of soldiers, sailors,
and marines who served in the late war for the
Union, was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on -the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be en-
tered on the Journal.
president's annual message.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
no business is in order to-day but debate upon
the President's annual message as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, upon which the gentleman
from, Ohio [Mr. Ashley] is entitled to the
floor.
reconstruction.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am not prepared
to go on to-day, and therefore I will yield the
floor to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Morris.}
