248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Tune 16,
Bo. of Reps.
Protection of American Labor—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
in England, Parliament provided by law tliat no
Englishman should wear woolen cloth imported
from abroad. Further to foster this domestic
interest the export of English wool was pro-
hibited, though subsequently permitted for a
period, as a matter of revenue, under heavy
export duties.
It is not my purpose to enter into a prolix
recital of English legislation for the protec-
tion of its system of manufactures and produc-
tions, but I will briefly allude to a few of the
protective statutes. In the reign of Elizabeth,
although British wools might be exported under
heavy duties, td export English bucks, sheep,
or lambs rendered the guilty party liable, for
the first offense, to the forfeiture of all his
property, to a year's imprisonment, and to the
loss of his left hand, to be cut off publicly in
market on a market day, and then to be nailed
up for exhibition and for warning. The second
offense was punishable with death.
Those severe penalties were, it is true, re-
laxed in the times of Charles II and of Wil-
liam of Orange, but even at the outbreak of
the American Revolution, the export of wool
itself had been again prohibited as well as the
export of sheep. The party convicted, stood
liable to the forfeiture of all the property, the
export of which was forbidden, and to a pen-
alty of three shillings on the pound in addition,
being then about four times its value; all debts
due to the offender were discharged, and unless
the penalties imposed by fine were paid within
three months after conviction he was to be
transported for seven years. An act of the
time of Charles II was then also in full force,
requiring that every corpse should be buried
in a shroud manufactured of English woolen.
lie who will investigate the history of all the
manufactures of England, and the concurrent
legislation designed to foster the national in-
dustry, will find ho w little credit is to be awarded
to her for the assumed liberality of her boasted
free-trade statutes.
Such investigation will show that her woolens
were protected till the product of her looms,
after supplying her domestic demand, afforded
$20,000,000 in value per annum for export; and
then, as the era of cotton dawned upon the
world, and the genius of Watt and Whitney,
of Arkwright and Ilargreaves and Cartwright
introduced the mechanism necessary to its suc-
cessful manufacture, England turned her atten-
tion to the protection of her home labor, em-
ployed not upon the productions of her own soil,
but upon raw material imported from the In-
dies. After the restoration of the Stuart dy-
nasty, Parliament forbade the exportation of all
leather, hides, and skins, dressed or undressed,
but not manufactured; and long before that
the exportation of all metals and ores of metals,
except lead and tin, was prohibited by law,
that English labor might find employment in
their manufacture.
The mechanism designed to economize labor
was also the subject of like restriction. In
the time of William III the knitting-frames
in which gloves and stockings were produced
were placed under a kind of ne exeat, and the
exporter forfeited the property, with £40 pen-
alty. A fine of £200 was imposed in the reign
of George III upon the exportation of any
utensils or tools used in the manufacture of
cotton, linen, silk, or woolen. In 178G models
of Arkwright's looms or jennies, manufactured
for the use of Philadelphia machinists, were
seized in England and confiscated under the
provisions of this statute.
In the reign of George I it was made a penal
offense to induce any manufacturer or artificer
to_ go beyond the sea to prosecute his craft,
the punishment being by fine and imprison-
ment. The artificer himself, if suspected of
an intention to leave the country, was liable to
imprisonment until security should be given
satisfactory to the court that he would not
depart; and if such artificer left the kingdom
without notice, and did not return after warn-
ing of six months, the law denied him all right
of inheritance and forfeited all his property
Within the realm to the King. (Smith's Wealth
of Nations, chapter eight, book four.) In the
same spirit were the laws designed to prevent
manufactures in the colonies.
In 1699 the exportation of all woolens was
prohibited from the colonies. The erection of
factories within their limits was declared by
Parliament as tending to lessen their depend-
ence on the home Government.
In 1750 every establishment in the colonies
for the slitting, rolling, or plating of iron, or
the making of steel, was declared to be a nui-
sance, to be abated under penalty of £500. The
entire action of the British Government was
based upon the principle of protecting the arts
and labor of the people, and of securing to Eng-
land the wealth and commerce incident to ex-
tensive manufactures and their transportation
to other countries.
I shall, in the course of my remarks, attempt
to prove that the protective policy, which gave
character to all these measures of English le-
gislation, has never till the present hour been
relaxed, except so far as the permanent estab-
lishment of British manufactures made the
successful competition of other countries im-
practicable and impossible.
I now proceed to the consideration of the
results of this policy upon the material wealth
of the English nation and upon the physical
power of the British empire. I ought not to
overlook those prominent facts in the history
of inventive genius, and of the application of
natural forces to the necessities of mankind,
which are connected with the employment of
coal in the working of iron and the perfection
of woolen, cotton, and silk fabrics. The coal-
fields of England and the beds of iron stone
lay undeveloped and almost useless, until the
reverberatory furnaces of the Dudleys, produ-
cing pure iron with coal as the fuel, proved
that the sulphur of the coal might be subli-
mated and thus iron made pure.
The steam-engine of Watt gave a new motive
power to machinery, and quadrupled from year
to year the capacity for manufactures; the
spinning-jennies of Hargreavcs and Arkwright,
and the power-looms of Cartwright, scarcely
perfected when Wratt's engine became a success,
gave at once, when operated by the tireless
power of steam, an impetus to the manufacture
of cotton cloths that soon made England inde-
pendent of India, save for the supply of raw
material. The cotton of our own States had
not yet become an imDortant item of the neces-
sary supply.
The gin of Whitney had not by its intro-
duction made the cotton-fields of the South
the boasted seat of empire. The eighteenth
century witnessed in its closing years the gray
dawning of an age unparalleled in the rapid
triumphs of inventive genius; and I propose
to show that the protective policy of British
statesmen, applied continuously to the British
isles for more than three centuries, placed
England in a position to secure to herself the
untold advantages of the great inventions of the
eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
The most perfect and most economical pro-
cesses for the production aud making of iron
were those of England. The Dudleys, the
Craneges, the Darbys, Andrew Yarran ton, and
Henry Cort, were the names of those under
whom the methods of producing and working
iron had been advanced from the rude modes
left by the Roman conquerors to the almost
perfect system which Henry Cort ingrafted
upon the puddling furnace and the roller. And
all these were Englishmen. The only steam-
engines which were of practical utility in the
arts were those of Watts and Boulton. These
wens contemporaneous with inventions of Ark-
wright, Hargreaves, Crampton, and Cartwright,
which gave to England a monopoly of the new
manufacture of cotton.
The cotton-gin of Eli Whitney, although the
product of American genius, was a far greater
boon to England than to our own country.
True, it extended here vastly the culture of
the cotton plant, but there it cheapened im-
measurably the cost of raw material for manu-
facture, gave employment and support, directly
and indirectly, to labor in the grain-field, to
labor in the ore beds of copper and iron, to
labor in the coal-fields, to labor in the fur-
naces and machine-shops dotted everywhere
overthe kingdom, and to labor in almost every
department of life. The cleaning of a single
pound of cotton before cost the day's labor
of a man. The simple machine of Whitney
performed daily the work of three hundred
laborers.
In 1788 the first cotton was exported from a
southern State to England, and consisted of
only 1,200 pounds. In 1791 the quantity in-
creased to 139,310 pounds, and fell off in 1792
to 138,828. In 1793 Whitney's gin was first
put into general use, and in 1794 1,g01,7g0,
and in 1795 5,276,800 pounds of cotton were
exported to England. McCulloch, in his Brit-
ish Empire, volume one, page g82, says :
"The effect of the machine was all but miraculous.
The export of American cotton rose to 700.000,000
pounds in 1840, worth when shipped $63,870,307, aud
it is not going too far to say that this export would
not then have exceeded 45,000,000 pounds but for the
invention of Whitney."
If we institute a brief comparison between
England and the United States at the close of
the war of independence, and if we trace out
the consequences to England of her almost
entire monopoly of labor-saving machinery for
many following years, we shall, I think, be sat-
isfied that the vast wealth, the accumulated
machinery, the cheap fuel, the cheap labor
which have there been found, have stood to
her, and still stand in lieu of statutory protec-
tion, and enabling her to defy the competition
of continental Europe and America, lead her
statesmen to advocate free trade as the economy
of nations.
I have been kindly referred by Dr. William
Elder, of the Treasury Department, and one
of the ablest statisticians of our country, to a
tableprepared by liim for the National Almanac
of 18g4, giving a statement of the comparative
population, resources, &c., of Great Britain
and the United States from 1791 to 18g0. and
from this I have condensed or extracted the
statistics in the following table:
Statemeniof the comparative population, property, and
production* of Gteal JJrituill and the United jStutee
from 1791 to 1863.
® ^ co -.o £ .a E.o Z.o
-M s g s'S
oocooococccccccoocuoccccccccoco:ococccco-r~i
bo J—k 1—'
Vc'r
OCWu
0CCC+.0
cc 2 c cs*-' o
Occ;cc--c-!oc-';jtcot;c:r.0'~'c^cuo
OOwC0MCC:CWi-1>K®H00C>OOCQJ'OkJO
c'^bcwbcicbb cA.bc-.bbcl: v'J-
OOOCp'_p Opcpccc d coo OO ^ C
V^bbbbbebeV-bbbbebb:
22SSi;s22£ ooooooooooc
OOOOGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
s<5
o
S ^ 3 c? P? ^ ^ ^ ~ £3 £2 1^5 ^ ^
COOS 'to H-1 H* y->- J—4 i—i
—7 CO CO I—I ^ -_0 J^b >-  —-T~b> I-Jo
^4-l'ClOHOwClCC4-ClvCOO(>JWC — Xo
4-j^I 4-c W CC]\J w c. K) J- O O I—1 O OC1 I O
o tc ole occbb'MVccbicbcbbcoiobb'co
2r~,®b0000'cocrihl-0ccr>0 000+-0'00o
Ohjcpccs ioa« -f-ocs ~ sCv'Cpo o
~ ~ - obobcjKibbbbbbbbbb
5=3X^0000 4--oocoooo^oo
ooooooooooocoooooo
2 ^
-t i-i
° .2
§■§
