1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Also, the petition of Augustus Spaulding, and 61
others, citizens of Mahoning county, Ohio, praying
for increased fluty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Leverett Barnes, and 61 others,
citizens of Ohio, praying for increased duty oil foreign
■wool.
Also, petitions of Elias Snyder, A. J*. Wright, and
L. T. Nelson, and others, citizens of Portage county,
Ohio, praying for equalization of bounties to soldiers
and sailors.
By Mr. HAYES: The petition of Lieutenant Col-
onel John H. Carter, Captain John Holland, and
Captain William I. Torrencc for the payment of the
eleventh regiment Ohio volunteermilitia for services
during tho Kirby Smith raid in Kentucky in 1362.
By Mr. HENDERSON: Two petitions relative to
the Umatilla Indian reservation in the State of
Oregon.
Also, a memorial from the county of Umatilla, in
the State of Oregon, in regard to a road through the
Indian reserve.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Ira Spencer and
others, eitizcns of De Ruytcr, New York, for an in-
crease of tariff on wool.
Also, the petition of J. M. Gray, and others, citizens
of Hamilton, New York, for establishment ot Bureau
of National Insurance.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Town,: The petition of
Charles Sherman, and others, of Boone county, Iowa,
asking the enactment of just laws for the regulation
of intor-State insurance of all kinds, <fec.
By Mr. IIUBBAiiJ), of New York: The petition of
numerous citizens of Otsego and Chenango counties
in the StateofNew York, asking for a new mail route
from Unadilla, in tho county of Otsego, via East
Guilford, Guilford Center, and Guilford, nineteen
miles, to the village of Oxford, in the county of Che-
nango.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 24 citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking that eight hours
maybolixcd by Congress as a lawful day's work iu>
to all Government employes.
Also, tho like petition of 21 other citizens of the
same State.
By Mr. KASSON: The petition of Henry Ford, and
many others, for a new mail route in western Iowa.
Also, the petition of A. 0. Johnson, and others, for
mail route from St. Joseph to Des Moines.
Also, the petition of A. Caldwell, and others, for
same.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of oOO farmers,
mechanics, und working-men of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to promptly pass such a tariff law as
will protect the national industry, replenish the na-
tional treasury, and dovelop our va^l national re-
sources, making us in fact, as well as in theory, a
great, prosperous, and independent people.
Also, tho memorial ot the National Brewers' As-
sociation of the Unitod States, praying Congress to so
adjust the duty on barley imported from Canada and
the other British Provinces in North Amotion, that
it may not exceed tho sum of five ceuis per bushel.
A1m>, the memorial ot 67 citizens of Philadelphia
county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress that the
production and manuiaoUire of eoppcr may bo pro-
tected in tho fame manner as iron and lead already
are, by an increase of duty on ingot, bar. and pig cop-
per to not less than six cents per pound, and on cop-
per ore&, regules, &«., not less than twenty per cent.
ad DaJoro.m,
By Mr. KERR: Tho petition of J. S. Mo«?er, Ben-
jamin F. Close, W. B. Stage, and many others, sol-
diers in the lato war from Scott county, Indiana, tor
tiic equalization of bounties.
By Mr. LAFLIN : The petition of citizens of Evans's
Mills, Jetler.son county, New ork, m iavorof just
and oojual laws for the establishment of inter-State
insurance ol all kinds.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: The petition of (r. T. Grid-
ley, and 37 others, citizens ofdackson, Michigan, for
equal laws regulating intcr-State insurance of all
kinds.
Also, the petition of A. Knapp.jr., and 13 others,
for tho same purnobe.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of 127 eolored sol-
diers of Kentucky regiments, asking that the same
bounty be paid to colored soldiers as has been to
whito troop*.
Also, petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania Fur-
nace, Greenup couniy, Keutuoky, asking protection
to American industry, and that the duties on foreign
imports be increased.
By Mr.M*RllILL: Th® petition of John A. F rns-
worth, and 43 others, citizens of Saxton's River, Ver-
mont, praying for protection to American labor.
Also, 1 ho petition of B. G. David, arid 76 others,
citizens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for an increased duty on wool.
Also, tho petition of GrandTrankRailway Company
to Congress, for remission of duties paid on rerolled
iron.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of J. R. Davis,
and others, of Daviess county, Indiana, praying
Congress to regulate insurance companies in the
United States.
By Mr. ORTIT: The petition of James G. Hendy
and others, of Indiana, in reference to insurance com-
panies.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of George Cotton,
and others, citizens of Walworth county, "Wisconsin,
for the enactment of a law regulating insurance in
the United States.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of Reuben Grlndlo,
for an issue of seven-thirty bonds, to replace certain
bonds destroyed by tire.
By Mi. PLANTS: The petition of the Wool-grow-
ls Association, of Athens county, Ohio, asking for
cmeient protection and encouragement to that inter-
est m the readjustment and increase of tho tariff
upon the importation of foreign wool into this
country.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of Henry
county, Iowa, asking for the passage of a law for the
better regulation of intcr-Stato insurances of all
kinds.
Also, the petition of citizens of Cedar county, Iowa,
asking for an inci ease ot the tariff on wool.
By Mr.RADFORD: Tlio memorial of F. Grote and
others, of the city of New York, dealers in and man-
ufacturers of ivory and bone goods, for such a dis-
crimination in the rates of duty on crude and manu-
factured ivory as will afford adequate protection to
the American manufacturer.
Also, the memorial of Edward Underbill, brewer,
of Yonkers, New York, in favor of a reduction of
duty on barley imported from the British North
American Provinces.
Also, the memorial of Frost Ilorton, and others, of
Peekskill, New York, manufacturers of agricultural
implements, asking to be relieved from the duplica-
tion of taxes now imposed on the manufacture of
such implements.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
Thomas Gogin, and others, in favor of such a modi-
fication of the tariff as shall protect American lafyor.
Also, the petition of the officers of the Union Sav-
ings Institution, of Boston, for relief from taxation
on deposits m that institution.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of William B.
Felkcr, and 80 others, residents of Omro, Wisconsin,
praying that Congress will cnact equal laws tor the
regulation of inter-Stato insurances.
Also, the petition of George Barker, and 30 others,
residents of Manitowoc, Wisconsin, praying that Con-
gress will cnact equal laws for the regulation of inter-
state insurances.
By Mr. SLOAN: The remonstrance of James Suth-
erland, and others, citizens of Wisconsin, against the
passage of an act authorizing the Postmaster General
to sell stamped envelopes for the price of thestamps.
Also, thepetition of William Wyman, and 97 others,
citizens of Wisconsin, praying for increased duty on
imported wool.
By Mr. UPSON: The memorial of the executive
committee of the board of trustees of Albion college,
Michigan, in favor of an extension of the land grant
to the State of Michigan to aid in tho construction of
arailroadfromAmboy,viaLansing, to Traverse Bay,
in said State.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: A petition of
12S citizens of "Wyoming county, New York, asking
an increase of duty on wool.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of 247 wool-growers,
of tho county of Steuben, New York, in favor of in-
creasing the duties on wool.
Also, the petition of 100 wool-growers, of the county
of Alleghany, New York, in favor of a like duty.
Also, the petition of 38 prominent citizens of the
county of Steuben, New York, in favor of a law on
the subject of insurance.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The petition
of citizens of the State of Illinois, praying for the
passage of laws by Congress for the regulation of
inter-Stato mnirances of all kinds.
By Mr. WAS1I1HTRN, of Indiana: The petition of
citizens of Torre Haute, Indiana, praying for a law
regulating insurance.  
By Mr. WELKJ3R: Thepetiiion of G. M. Ganyard,
and 135 others, wool-growers of Medina county, Ohio,
asking for protection on wool.
Also, tho petition of William Kennedy, and 134
others, wool-growers of Brunswick township, Medina
county, Ohio, for the an me purpose.
Also, tho petitionofL.B.Nettleton,and209others,
wool-growers of Medina county, Ohio, for the same
purpose.
Also, thepetion of Robert Reed, and83others. wool-
growers of Wayne county, Ohio, for the same purpose.
AImj, thepetition of Lcauder Carter, and218 others,
wool-gi owors of Ashland county, Ohio, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. WENTWORTII: The petition of the man-
ufactures of wearing apparel in Chicago for the modi-
fication ot taxes.
Also, the petition of R. 0. Warinner, late paymas-
ter of United States Army, asking for relief.
t Also, the petition of citizens of Chicago for addi-
tional duties on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of citizens of Du Page county,
Illinois, for an increased duty upon foreign wool.
Also, tho petition of sundry merchants of Chicago
asking that Petrei's hydrometer be made the test of
the strength of spirituous liquors.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of citizens of Center county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to enact such just and equal laws for the
legulatiori of intcr-Stato insurances of all lands as
may be effectual in establishing the greatest security
for the interests protected by policies, &c.
By Mr. "WINDOM: Joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of tho State of Minnesota in relation to the
settlement of certain Indians in Minnesota.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Minnesota for the improvement of the Mississippi
river.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Minnesota lor the establishment of a mail route from
Shakopee, in Scott county, via Maple Glen, New Dub-
lin, New Market, and Cedar Lake, in said county, to
Oral, in the county of Le Sueur, and from thence re-
turning via Helena, Lydia.and Marystown to Shak-
opee.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. HFLL: A joint resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
to apportion Representatives according to tho num-
ber of voters in the several States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 3,1866.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D., of
Washington.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a memorial of
the American Geographical and Statistical So-
ciety of the city of New York, in relation to the
medical and surgical history of the rebellion,
recently published by the Surgeon General of
the United States Army. The memorialists
represent that a mass of materials has been
gathered by surgeons of the American school,
the like of which it is hoped may never occur
again, and it is due to the American nation that
litis should be published in a manner creditable
to the country and worthy of comparison with
the publications of Baron Larry and M. Chenu
of the grand armies of Prance against Russia
in the campaigns of the elder and younger
Bonapartes. I move that this memorial be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of citizens
of Fonddu Lac and Green Lake counties, in the
State of Wisconsin, praying Congress to pro-
vide by law that a duty of not less than ten cents
per pound and ten per cent, ad valorem may
be levied on all foreign wool imported into tho
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD presented three memorials
of citizens of Michigan, remonstrating against
the application of the Amboy, Lansing, and
Traverse Bay land grant upon the present
line of that road from Lansing to Jonesville,
in that State, and against giving any portion
of that grant to the Amboy, Lansing, and Tra-
verse Bay Railroad Company; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Ho also presented a memorial of the com-
mon council of the city of Lansing, Michigan,
praying for an extension of the land grant to
the Amboy, Lansing, and Traverse Bay Rail-
road Company; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial
of brewers of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana,
praying for a reduction of duty on barley im-
ported from Canada and the other British Prov-
inces in North America, that it may not exceed
the sum of five cents per bushel; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented the petition of Minerva
Lewis, administratrix of the estate of Ezekiel
Lewis, deceased, piayingfor compensation for
the steamboat Admiral, taken possession of by
the United States authorities in tlie spring of
1862, used by them as an ordnance boat, and
burned at Columbus, Kentucky; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Sarah
A. Holland, praying that she may be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Kennebec county, Maine, praying for
an appropriation for the improvement of the
Kennebec river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
the Tobacco Cutters' Association, of Michigan,
praying for a reduction of the tax on tobacco ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of in-
habitants of Beverly, in the State of Now Jer-
sey, praying for the adoption of a proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, to be presented to the several States for
ratification, which will forever prevent any
State making aity distinction in civil rights and
privileges among the naturalized citizens resid-
ing within its limits, or among persons born on
its soil, on account of race, color, or descent;
which was referred to the joint committee on
reconstruction.
