1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3649
hours, after the adjournment of the Senate in
the evening, or before its meeting in the morn-
ing, on such occasions as I could get, an hour
at a time, when I could look into the subject,
so that I was unable to get it finished until
some three or four days before the Sth of June,
when it was presented. I then called a meet-
ing of the committee. The committee came
together. I read the report, and it was ap-
proved, with one or two suggestions for the
alteration of phraseology. Within three or
four days afterward I made the report.
These were the circumstances. There was
no concealment from anybody. Had the Sen-
ator or any one of the minority been present
at the meeting he would have heard the report
read.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator does not sup-
pose that I thought for a moment there was any
concealment. That was the last thing in the
world that I dreamed of. I did not happen to
be present at the meeting now referred to; I
was out of town at the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ample notice was given
to everybody connected with the committee that
the report would be made as soon as it could
be put in shape. I was obliged to read the
rough manuscript to the committee to let them
see how it would read. These are the facts.
Now, with regard to the question before the
Senate, I have no personal objection to grant-
ing the request of the Senator from Maryland,
but, situated as I am, I shall not vote on the
question. The Senator has alluded to a con-
versation which passed between him and my-
self which he supposed was sportive, and to a
certain extent it was; but I expressed to him
very clearly my objection to this course of pro-
ceeding. I said that I did not think it was par-
liamentary, that there was no precedent for it,
and that such a practice afforded to the minority
an opportunity to wait until they saw the views
of the majority, and then to sit down and re-
view them and make up their feport or views
in that way. The Senator remarked to me—
he will excuse me for repeating it, although I
supposed at the time it was sportive—" That is
precisely what I intend to do."
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I told him that I should
never agree to his doing any such thing, and
that I should object to the reception of his
views under those circumstances, because I
did not deem it a proper or parliamentary
course of proceeding.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave no further atten-
tion to the matter. I saw afterward that the
views of the minority were presented in the
House of Representatives, I think very erro-
neously according to all parliamentary prac-
tice ; and I think this would be contrary to all
parliamentary practice that 1 ever know any-
thing about if it was acceded to. I simply
repeat the suggestion that so far as I am in-
dividually concerned, and so far as the com-
mittee are concerned, having made the major-
ity report, I have no personal objection, and
they have no personal objection, to this pro-
ceeding. I stand just as others do merely on
the parliamentary propriety of the thing, of
which the Senate will judge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am so desirous not to
seem to object to this report in any way, as my
only objcct is not to adopt a bad precedent, that
I will, if it meets the views of the Senator from
Maryland, offer the following resolution in con-
nection with the report:
Resolved, That the paper presented by the Senator
from Maryland be received as the views of the mem-
bers of the joint committee of fifteen who have signed
the same; but in reeeivinj; said paper subsequent to
the time when the majority report was received the
Senate does not mean tosanction the right to present
said paper at this time, nor to establish a precedent
for its future action.
That would relieve us of any embarrassment
hereafter, and would at the same time allow
the paper to be now received under the cir-
cumstances of the case.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not theslightest
objection to that, and I think the principle is
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.— No. 229.
all right. I recognize at once the force of the
suggestion made to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest this as reliev-
ing the Senate of any embarrassment about itj
if it meets the views of other Senators. I have
no desire to suppress the minority report.
Mr. JOHNSON. It meets my views.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution offered by tfee Senator from Illinois will
be read.
The Secretary read the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do I understand the paper
now as ordered to be printed as well as received ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There has
been no order on that subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now I offer the motion
which I submitted before, that the same num-
ber of copies of that document be printed as
of the majority report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion under the rules will go to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So I understand.
KEPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution
instructing the committee to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for the reorgan-
ization of the civil service, and also a bill (S.
No. 315) to regulate appointments to and re-
movals from office, have instructed me to report
back the bill with an amendment by way of
substitute.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom were referred various petitions
from citizens of West Virginia, praying for the
establishment of a court at Parkersburg in that
State, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, in favor of dividing that State into
judicial districts and creating the western dis-
trict of Wisconsin, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom were referred sundry petitions of citi-
zens of Alexandria county, Virginia, praying
for the annexation of that county to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, have instructed me to report
them back and to ask that they lie on the table,
that subject being under consideration in the
Senate at this time.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom were referred various petitions pray-
ing that means be devised which shall secure
to every child born in the United States a com-
petent education without regard to locality,
color, sex, or condition, have instructed me to
report them back with a statement that while
the committee would be very desirous to pass
a law that would accomplish that object, we
see no practical means of doing more at this
time than is already being done by the Gov-
ernment. The committee ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom were referrred resolutions of the Le-
gislatures of Nevada and Iowa, asking for the
speedy trial of Jefferson Davis, petitions for
the expulsion of G-akret Davis from the Sen-
ate, memorials from Sons of Temperance and
Good Templars, praying for the enactment of
a law dismissing from the public service offi-
cers who become intoxicated, a petition from
citizens of Florida asking to be relieved from
the payment of certain notes, and petitions of
sundry citizens praying for an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, have
instructed me to report them back and to ask
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
62) directing a district court to be held at the
city of Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 2) to pre-
serve the right of trial by jury by securing im-
partial jurors in the courts of the United States,
have instructed me to report it back with a
recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned.
The report was agreed to, and the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMB-ULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 362) to
change the times for holding the courts of the
United States for the eastern district of Texas,
have instructed me to report it back with a
recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned.
The report was agreed to, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
438) in relation to the courts of Washington
Territory, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill
(H. R. No. 50) to amend the fifth section of
an act entitled "An act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts," approved July
2, 1862, so as to extend the time within which
the provisions of said act shall be accepted and
such colleges established, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was.referred a bill (S. No.
3G3) declaratory of the act approved March 3,
18G3, being "An act to amend an act to es-
tablish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States, approved February
24, I860," reported it with an amendment.
Mr. GUTHRIE, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the memorial of
Fiskect Dale, Josiah Towle, and Morse & Co.,
praying to be relieved from the payment of the
additional duty of fifty per cent, imposed by
joint resolution of April 29, 1SG4, on goods in
bonded warehouses, reported a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 123) in relation the settlement
of the accounts of William P. Wingate, col-
lector at the port of Bangor, Maine; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
CLAIMS AGAINST NEVADA.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing the payment
of certain claims against the late Territory of
Nevada, with amendments. As this is a mat-
ter of not very much moment, and the Sena-
tor from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is very anxious to
have the resolution passed, I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to have it acted upon now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to set-
tle and pay outstanding claims chargeable to
the contingent expenses of the executive de-
partment of the Territory of Nevada it pro-
poses to transfer so much of the unexpended
balance of the appropriation "for compensa-
tion and mileage of members of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Nevada" as may
be found necessary for that purpose, to the
credit of the fund for paying the contingent
expenses of the executive department of that
Territory, and the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury, out of the balance so trans-
ferred. are to pay "the said claims as adjusted
and allowed."
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the resolution by inserting between the
words "claims" and "chargeable," inline
four, the words "duly examined and allowed,
and properly.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was before the word
