1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
2689
Mr. MORRIS. Mr. Speaker, if ambition
begat treason ; and if treason begat the rebel-
lion : and if the rebellion begat reconstruc-
tion ; and if reconstruction begat the amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
and the measures which accompany it, now
pending in Congress, it may well be that the
joint committee on reconstruction is only one
of the several instruments rendered essential
in perfecting, rather than the originator of,
this series of acts in the great drama of events
made necessary to save the nation and to re-
store it to homogeneous concord. It may well
be, also, that these schemes are severally in-
dispensable to chock the growth of the poi-
sonous shoots which are likely to spring from
the remaining roots of the so recently felled
tree of treasonable planting. Bo this as it
may, they are fitting themes for the historian,
and perhaps for the legislator; but in what I
have to say; I shall allude to these subjects
and the incidents connected with them so far
only as in my judgment they may be pertinent
in establishing the following affirmations :
1. The incidents connected with the revolt
of the southern States have, in no respect,
abridged the powers or the jurisdiction of the
Government of the United States,
'2. These incidents have changed the rela-
tions of these States toward the General Gov-
ernment and they have affected some of their
rights.
3. The relations thus changed and the rights
thus affected can be restored to these States
only by the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment.
4. These relations and these rights should
be restored as speedily as the interests of all
the parties concerned will permit.
What are the facts?
Eleven of the United States passed ordi-
nances of secession. They insisted that the
mere act of their passage absolved thein from
all allegiance to and effectually severed their
relations with the General Government, and
that thereby they were rendered sovereign and
independent. This pretense was denied by
the General Government, and their ordinances
were pronounced utterly void. An appeal to
arms was taken, a remorseless war was waged,
in the prosecution of which these States were
overpowered and disarmed. They now pro-
pose to resume their former position under the
Government they sought to destroy. Hence
the question which now divides Congress and
the country. In the discussion of this, I inquire :
1. Did the passage of those ordinances, or
the waging of this war, abridge any of the
powers or the jurisdiction of the national Gov-
ernment over these States?
I aver that at the passage of these acts of
secession and at the commencement of this
war for all national purposes the General Gov-
ernment had unquestioned jurisdiction over the
entire territory and the inhabitants of these
Strtes severally. This jurisdiction grew out
of a covenant, by virtue of which the cov-
enantees instituted the Government of the Uni-
ted States. Under this covenant were vested
rights of nearly a century's growth ; by its very
terms was plighted faith as sacred as oaths
can make; here also were obligations as imper-
ative as is Christian duty. Nothing less, there-
fore, than mutual conseiit or successful revolu-
tion could annul its binding force. Neither
of these is pretended. Necessarily, therefore,
the powers and the jurisdiction of the General
Government have been, and now are. as abso-
lute and unbroken over every foot of the soil
and over every person within the boundaries
of these States as it was at the hour it was first
established by our fathers.
I here leave my first and preliminary to my
second affirmation I inquire—
What is a State?
In the language of-Bouvier, it is "a body
of persons unite! in one community foi the
defense of their rights." Or, as defined by
Halleck, it is " f> body-politic, a society of
men united together for mutual advantage and
safety."
39tii Coxa. 1st Sess.—No. 169.
These authors define sovereign and inde-
pendent States. We have none such in our
Government.
The original thirteen colonies, after severing
their relations with Great Britain, entered into
a " perpetual Union." This Union not meeting
their expectations, afterward, and for the pur-
pose of " a more perfect Union," the people of
these colonies, then States, framed and adopted
the Constitution of the United States. Thus the
people, of their own volition, carved out of the
then existing States and created the General
Government. By this voluntary act each State
passed under and became a subordinate part
of a new Government, established expressly for
national purposes. This new Government being
clothed with certain definite powers, which were
taken from, thereby of necessity lessened the
powers of, these States. For national pur-
poses this new Government is sovereign; for
municipal purposes, the States are each sover-
eign ; in all else they are subjects. Aggregated,
the national and the State Governments make
a unit. It requires this aggregation to consti-
tute complete sovereignty. They are a com-
pound, in which the original and the new ele-
ments are clearly discernible, and yet, as chem-
ical affinities, they intermix, neutralize, and
unite.
" As the body is one, and hath many mem-
bers, and all the members of that one body
being many, are one body," so it is in our
Government. It must be obvious, then, that
whosoever attributes absolute sovereignty to
any State, or who in his reasoning applies the
definitions I have cited, without restriction,
when speaking of these States, will mislead
himself as well as those who listen to him. But
as far as the municipal organism of our States
is involved, these definitions do apply; but in
their relations to the General Government it
must be evident they do not. Failing to dis-
criminate in this, has led to much confusion.
Some have supposed that the mere 'derange-
ment of the organic relations of a State with the
General Government destroyed it. Whereas,
in truth, these relations may not only be
deranged, but even suspended, and yet the State
remain as perfect and as actually in the Union
as if they were wholly undisturbed. But of
this hereafter.
2. Have the incidents of the revolt of the
southern States or has the consequent war
changed the relations of these States toward
the General Government or affected any of
their rights ?
A State sustains the same relation to the
entire members of the Union that one man
does to the aggregate individuals of a State.
One is a corporate the other a natural being.
Either of them, entirely alone, were independ-
ent. Connected with others, neither can claim
this prerogative. As individuals, they each
have duties to perform, obligations they can-
not ignore, and rights which they may forfeit.
The man Adam had a right to the tree of
life. The man Payne had a right to natural
life. The State of South Carolina had a right
to be represented in the councils of the nation.
By disobedience these rights were severally !
forfeited. Will any one question this as to the ;
individuals I have named? Why, then, is it
not true of South Carolina? No loyal man (
will pretend that this State, during her armed
hostilities against the General Government, .
was entitled to a place in its councils. hy?
Ciearly by reason of her armed hostility. But '
this armed hostility grew out of an enmity '
which antedated it. These overt acts were an i
incident, not the cause, of this enmity. It is j
true these hostilities are at an end: but did :
they cease from choice or from necessity ? If
from necessity, it may well be that the enmity ;
which prompted these acts still remains ; in 1
which event only her weapons, her mode of !
warfare, may be changed and not her animus. j
My point is, this hostility was only an out- ;
growth 15f a settled enmity. If. then, this en- !
mity remains, what hinders a similar outbreak !
at any moment ? May a State violate its corn- i
pact with the Generai Government and again
resume it at will? South Carolina, of her own
act, withdrew her Representatives from this
Hall and then made war upon the Govern-
ment. May this Government exercise the priv-
ilege accorded the humblest citizen, of holding
an enemy in duress till he make some repara-
tion or give sureties to keep the peace? Self-
preservation, if not self-respect, requires this •
much. No prudent family permits its enemies
to share in its councils or in its confidence.
No properly organized Government intrusts its
administration to those who purpose its over-
throw. The alarming feature in our national
affairs at this time, in my judgment, is that
any one dare entertain the proposition to ad-
mit traitors upon this floor. The man who
stops to reason when tempted to sin is half
consenting. The legislator who permits him-
self to negotiate with crime stands on quick-
sand—a step may ingulf him. But I am anti-
cipating ; I therefore resume my subject.
Take either of the authorities I have cited
defining a State, and whether we contemplate
South Carolina before, during, or since her
revolt, as far as municipal organism is con-
cerned, she eomes within its spirit and letter.
There never has been a time when she was not
"a body of persons united together in one
community for the defense of their rights."
It has ever been, and now is, "a body-politic,
or a society of men united together for mutual
advantage and safety."
Territory is essential: this remains as it ever
has. Persons are requisite ; these exist now as
they have at all times. Their union is an ingre-
dient : that these persons are united for a com-
mon intent is painfully apparent. Why, then,
is not South Carolina a State ? She is. She
lacks nothing as far as municipal organism
is involved ; but as far as her relations with the
national Government are concerned she lacks
much. She is without a connecting link. This
has been severed. She and her joint wrong-
doers are off' the track and badly damaged j
they need repairs, readjusting upon the rail,
and connecting links. They belong to the cor-
poration : they are subject to its control, and
they may be coupled on immediately or they
may be held for further repairs. These repairs
should be thorough. Defects which are known
to have produced their present wreck should
be remedied, and great precaution should be
taken for future safety and security. A mis-
take in this may imperil all. I go further, and
as an illustration aver: Adam and Payne were
as really men. but bad ones, after as they
were before their disobedience. So South
Carolina was as actually a State, but a rebel-
lious one. after as she was before her rebellious
acts. Adam still owed fealty and was as subject
to the laws of his Maker as though he had
never transgressed. Similar is the position of
South Carolina.
Sir. can a man or the inhabitants of any
territory be within the jurisdiction of a Gov-
ernment and subject to its laws and yet be
alienI can see how the exercise of this juris-
diction may be interrupted and the execution
of these laws suspended, but I cannot as readily
perceive how a State can be ''blotted out ' and
yet all that goes to make it up remain.
I now adopt and repeat the interrogatory of
my colleague from New 1 ork. [Mr. Raymond,]
and inquire:
"If they [the rebel States] were out of tiie Union,
Tvlien did they become so? They were once States
in the Union. If they were outof the Uni.m. it was
at some specific time and by some specific act."
This is a pertinent and a practical question.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
SireLL.vr.ARGER,] whose loj:ic and eloquence
are irresistible, repeated the same interroga-
tory, and in reply to it. says:
"In respectfully anpwerinsc him, [Mr. KaymoxdJ
let me ask ami answer some Questions oi similar
legal aspect. What m civil war is the specific act
and time which changes ia law an 'msiiirectionary
party' into a ' belligerent ?' I answerm the language
oi the Supreme Court, when m tact the regular
course of justice is interrupted by revolt, rebellion,
or insurrection, so that the courts of justice cannot
be kept open.' "
1 do not perceive the force of this answer, for
