1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
This is at total variance with the record.
In the prize'eases reported in 2 Black, page
635, tliey were appeals from the Federal distiict
courts of Massachusetts, New York, and Flor-
ida. The case of the Brilliante was an appeal
from the Federal district court of Florida, and
no discrimination was made between that case
and the others.
In 2 Wallace, page 135, the Supreme Court
of the United States, at the December term,
1864, entertained an appeal from the district
court of the southern district of Florida, in the
case of Circassian. This case was argued and
the opinion was delivered by the Chief Justice,
affirming the judgment of the courtbelow, con-
demning the ship and cargo as a lawful prize.
The same court entertained an appeal from
the district court of the southern district of
Florida, in the case of the Venice, and the
opinion of the court was delivered by the Chief
Justice, affirming the decree of the courtbelow,
restoring the ship and cargo to their owners.
In the cases of the Biagorry and Andromeda,
2 Wallace, the court entertained similar appeals
and pronounced the final decrees.
The case of Harvey vs. Tyler was air eject-
ment commenced before the rebellion began in
the Federal court of the western district of Vir-
ginia, and was a decision upon a writ of error :
this was during December, 1804.
Without fear of successful contradiction I
assert:
1. That the Constitution of the United States
was for a perpetual Union without limitation
as to time; and that the eleven rebel States
had no right to secede from and deny their al-
legiance to that Constitution and Union.
2. That the conventions of the States which
adopted the acts of secession respectively exer-
cised powers which they had voluntarily surren-
dered to the General Government, and are con-
sequently null and void.
8. That the individuals who thus seceded, and
those who aided and abetted them by force in
this secession, are in their own proper persons
liable for flic acts and offenses they have thus
committed against the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the laws thereunder: that these
individuals are liable to (he executive and ju-
dicial departments of the Government where the
exclusive power rests to pardon or to punish.
4. That the citizens and inhabitants of the
rebel States who remained faithful to the Union
retain their rights and piivileges iu the same
manner as though they had not been interfered
with. They cannot be impaired nor taken from
them by any power, and therefore those States
remained as they were at the beginning and
during the rebellion, in the Union. There is
no distinction an to the rebel States. All of
them stand upon the same footing in their re-
lations to the Union. They differ only as to
the order of dates in their respective acts of
secession.
Before I conclude, I wish to place this subject
in one more aspect.
Thp question now before the House is not
the repeal of the test oath. We have all taken
it, and at present no new member can be ad-
mitted without taking it. The issue to be de-
cided is, whether loyal citizens of the southern
States shall enjoy the rights of representation
on this floor by loyal Kepresentatives.
There is no principle in a republican Govern-
ment more universally acknowledged than that
taxation and representation are the correlatives
of each other. The imposition of the ship tax
cost Charles I his crown and his head. The
imposition of the stamp tax and tea duty, cost
the mother country the thirteen colonies. In
both instances the impost was trifling, but it
involved a principle which was sacred and in-
violate. We are now imposing upon these loyal
citizens all the taxes, duties, and burdens com-
mon to every part of onr country. We are daily
receiving revenue from them, and we are all
anticipating th e product s of their soil to aid and
assist IK in meeting the expenses of and de-
mands upon the General Government. Yet we
refuse them representation on the floor of this
House. I tell the majority here that such a
course is too odious and unjust to continue any
length of time, and the sooner they abandon it
the better for themselves and the country at
large. Having clearly established in my argu-
ment that these State-, are in the Union, I shall
briefly advert, before concluding, to a practical
view of the subject as it relates to the future,
one which we ought io consider and reflect
upon. •
I a.ssert that the cultivation and productions
of the South are necessary to the payment of
the public debt. At no distant time the truth
of this fact will be undisputed. Every day that
the reconstruction of the rebel States is delayed
the more is the ability of our keeping the pub-
lic faith pat in jeopardy.
With an adjustment of their labor system,
which can best be made successful by experi-
ence among and with themselves, the South
can aid materially in the payment of the na-
tional indebtedness, to an extent, as I consider,
of one fourth, if not one third. Are the people
of the North to continue to have this vast sum
unnecessarily taken from their hard earnings?
Yet such will be the inevitable result. Look-
ing, therefore, at this question financially, and
being anxious for all the relief we can obtain
from our present heavy taxation, I consider that
reconstruction should be immediate. It is man-
ifest that the people of the southern States do
not desire to, nor could they if disposed, make
further resistance. Our best guarantee is that
their lives and their happiness and prosperity
as a people are directly involved for good or for
evil.
The productions of the South are absolutely
essential to our proper balance in trade with
foreign countries* and a resumption of specie
payments cannot with entire safety take place
until foreign exchange shall be in our favor.
In this mode the exportation of specie will be
prevented and in all probability a crisis averted.
The prosperity of the N ew England, the middle,
and the western States alike is vitally at issue.
If the better feeling of generosity to a fallen foe
has no placc in your minds, then self-interest
should prompt the action I have indicated.
'The linancial reconstruction is as important
to the welfare of the whole people as the geo-
graphical and political reconstruction of the
States. It is as the right hand is to the left.
Holding the sentiments and believing that the
people of the South have been and are now wil-
ling to comply with every requirement suggested
by Presidents Lincoln and Johnson, I shall vote
for full restoration of the Union by admitting
the southern States to a representation on this
floor, and 1 shall vote against, any proposition
which shall hinder or delay the consummation
of so great a national blessing.
laiv of treason.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio. I would not
consume the time of the House upon a subject
to which our attention has been invited by the
President in his message but for the fact that
as yet it has received no consideration at our
hands. Whatever of law may bo necessary to
enable the courts to perform their appropriate
functions in civil and criminal cases, and what-
ever of congressional action may be requisite
to bring military offenders to justice, it is the
duty of Congress in the constitutional forms to
provide.
I propose now. as briefly as I can. to vindicate
the policy of the Government in relation to the
trial and punishment of traitors, so that '■ with
malice toward none, with charity for all, with
firmness in the right, as God gives ns to see the
right,'' the nation, in the exercise of clemency,
may yet demonstrate its power and its purpose
to do justice. That policy was indorsed by reso-
lutions 1 had the honor to introduce on the 20th
of December, and is in brief this: that some of
the great conspirators who inaugurated the re-
bellion, and of those most conspicuous in con-
ducting hostilities, should be tiied in the civil
courts for treason and lx- punished; but that
military offenders, as those who assassinated
military oiliceis on duty, and those guilty of the
murder and starvation of Union prisoners of
war, should be tried and punished by military
tribunals. (Attorney General's Letter, Jan-
uary 4.) I had not proposed to discuss this
policy until I found it assailed in a dignilied law
book, and by traitors and their sympathizers
everywhere.
the nation demands jtjswce.
Governor Fairchild, of Wisconsin, uttered
the loyal sentiment of the nation when, in his
inaugural of January 1, he said :
"The verdict of the American peoplo is, that any
attempt to right fancicd or real grievances by force of
arms is treason. .They ask, astheyhave aright to ask,
that, the highestjudicial tribunal in theland shall give
expression to that, verdict, by atrial upon thechavgeof
that high crime, in accordance with law, of the chief
representative of the rebellion—the man who stood
before the world as the acknowledged leader of traitors.
"Not until Jefferson Davis shall have been tried,
convicted, and hanged for treason, and the fact that
treason is a crime which cannot be committed with
impunity shall have thus been full demonstrated, will
the American peoplo bo content.
"The American people have demonstrated that the
Union is one and indivisible: that its people, of what-
ever race or color, shall bo forever free."
four objections to trying traitors con-
sidered.
The right to try, condemn, and execute the
great conspirators has been denied, on the al-
leged authority of international and constitu-
tional law, on these grounds:
1. That State secession is constitutional, and
therefore the " levying of war" in its support
is not treason.
2. That the rebellion was supported at least
by a de facto government, to which weconceded
belligerent, rights, and therefore traitors are ex-
empt, from punishment.
3. That the Constitution declares that trea-
son shall be tried "in the State where the crime
shall have been committed," and there is not
now any ''State" legally existing in any of the
country lately in rebellion, and therefore no
civil court can be held.
And finally, it is said:
4. That it is impracticable to procure a com-
petent jury for a civil trial, but that Davis at
least should be tried and sentenced by a mil-
itary tribunal.
The allotted time will not permit a full dis-
cussion of all these topics, nor is it necessary.
secession unconstitutional.
I will not. argue the constitutional right of
secession, for it is denied by all loyal men. If
such right exist, the war on our part has been
a stupendous crime against the Constitution
and against humanity. Our whole history is
full of the evidence and argument which dis-
proves it, and to that I appeal. The verdict of
war, 1' sane'- died with the blood of half a million
slain," has forever settled the question that
there is no such constitutional right, and no
other earthly tribunal can reverse or impair it.
sovereign and belligerent rights—rebel-
lion punishable as treason.
But can this nation exercise sovereign as well
as belligerent rights over rebels? In other
words, do the belligerent rights conceded to
rebels protect them from punishment in the
civil courts?
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Faens-
worthJ during the discussion on the 21st of
December, made the inquiry:
" I would like to ask the gentleman from New York
whether he is entncly sure wc b.ive the right to try
Jefferson Davis lor treason, inasmuch as our Gov-
ernment has given to them belligerent rights, has
rceogn r/ed and respccted the commissions that b e has
issued?"
This question must be"answered in the affirm-
ative upon two grounds: first, that treason
was committed before belligerent rights had
been acquired; and, second, that subsequent
acts of treason are not by the law of nations
exempt from civil punishment.
The voluntary '''levying of war against the
United States by one owing them allegiance,
either perpetual or temporary, is treason."'
(United States r.i. Wiltberger. 5 Wheaton, 5'7-)
That traitors did thus "levy war'' is not
denied. That they, citizens, did owe allegiance:
at the inception of the war and beiore any bel-
