1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to wliom was referred the petition of
Anthony S. Robinson, praying to be compen-
sated for the services of his deceased father as
a brigadier general in the Mexican army dur-
ing the struggle for independence in that coun-
try, and for indemnity for losses and injuries
sustained while acting in that capacity, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to lie printed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 109) to rescind the order of the Presi-
dent designating the Sioux City and Pacific
Railroad Company to construct the branch of
the Union Pacific railroad from Sioux City,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 224) to aid in the
construction of the southern branch of the
Union Pacific railway and telegraph, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pul)lie Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired a resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa in favor of granting to the Iowa branch
of the Union Pacific railroad the same aid,
under the same restrictions and limitations, as
has been granted to the Kansas branch of the
Union Pacific railroad, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Fosdick
Fletcher, praying for the passage of an act
authorizing the building of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean, on the southern route along the
line of the thirty-second degree of latitude,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of persons engaged in
running coal to -market down the Ohio river
from Pittsburg, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of the Ohio river between
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and Buflington Isl-
and, West Virginia, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. The same committee to
whom was referred a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Nevada in favor of the passage of an
act prohibiting the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, or any other railroad company, from
acquiring any right, title, or interest to the min-
erals, of whatever character, except iron or
coal, which have been, or may hereafter be,
discovered in the lands donated by Congress to
such companies, have instructed me to ask to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the resolution, for the reason that they are not
aware of the existence of any law now in force
which does grant that kindof-minerals to those
companies, and they see no necessity for the
legislation contemplated by that resolution.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Schley & Emery, praying that a pension may
be granted to Mrs. Agues W. Laughlin, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 241 j directing the enroll-
ment of Agnes W. Laughlin, the widow of a
deceased soldier, as a pensioner; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 240) for the relief of Minerva Lewis, ad-
ministratrix of the estate of Ezekiel Lewis, de-
ceased ; which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 433) to amend an act entitled
"An actio provide internal revenue to sup-
39tit OoNft. 1st Sfss, —No. 109.
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and the act amendatory thereof,
approved March 3, 1865, to report it back ad-
versely, and as the opinion of the Senate ought
to be expressed on this bill now I will explain
the matter with a view to have the action of the
Senate at once upon the report of the com-
mittee.
The bill proposes to extend the time for col-
lecting the income tax of last year two months.
Under the present law the income tax lists are
made up about the 1st of May. The blanks
are now ready to be distributed for the pur-
pose of making up the income tax for last year,
and the House of Representatives propose to
extend the time two months in order to give
effect to the proposed amendment to the in-
come tax now pending in that House. The
bill also proposes to extend the time of levying
the tax on certain schedules of personal prop-
erty with a view to the same modification. The
Committee on Finance are of opinion that it is
wiser to collect the income tax of last year
according to the present law, allowing any
changes that may be made hereafter to operate
on the tax in the future, and as the blanks are
now ready for distribution this matter ought to
bo acted on at once, so that the officers of the
Government may proceed to execute the law.
I move, therefore, that the further considera-
tion of the bill be postponed indefinitely.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that he allow that bill to lie over
until there is a fuller Senate than there is here
now. For my own part, I have thought some-
what on this measure, and do not agree with
the report of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, I have no ob-
jection to its going over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio is withdrawn lor the
present; the bill will fie over.
LAND DISTRICT IN NEmtA.SKA.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent and agreed to :
Removed, That the Committeo on Public Lands ho
instiueted to inquire info theexpedioney of estab-
lishing an additional 1 or; d district in tho Territorv of
Nebraska, tho oHico for which shall bo located at
Fort Kearney, and that tlicy report by hill or other-
wise.
REMOVAL 01? CASES FROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. MO ERILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committceon the Judiciarybein-
strueted to inquire into ihe expediency of so restrain-
ing by law tho act of the iM of March, 1S33, as that
the same shall not confer the right of removal from
a court of any State on indictments for sales of spirit-
uous liquors, under the laws of said Stales, to the
Supremo Court of tho United States betore trial of
the same in the State courts.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will announce, under the order of yesterday
directing the vacancy on the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds to be filled, the
appointment of Mr. Pound, of Vermont, to fill
that vacancy. Under the practice of the Sen-
ate, the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown]
will now bo the chairman of the committee, and
will be so entered if no objection be made.
Mr. BROWN subsequently said: I find
myself assigned to the chairmanship of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
In view of that fact, I should like to be excused
from further service on the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to enable tho
Chair to constitute the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses, which has been disarranged
entirely by the death of our lamented colleague,
Mr. Foot, I ask to be relieved from service on
that committee. One of the members has al-
ready been excused by death and another by
his own act. I ask to be relieved from farther
service on that committee, so that the Chair;
may make up a new committee.
The motion to excuse Mr. Ssbrmax was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Chair bo
authorized to fill up the Committee to Audit-
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the1
Senate.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There are two
vacancies in the Committee on Pensions occa-
sioned by the withdrawal of Mr. Yates and
Mr. Stockton. I move that the President pro
tempore, be authorized to fill those vacancies.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
MESSAGE FKOM THE IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following hills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 443) granting a pension
to Mrs. Elizabeth York, widow of Shubal York,
late a surgeon in the twenty-fourth regiment
Illinois infantry volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 444) granting a pension to
Lewis W. Dietrich;
A bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Betsey Nash; and
A bill (II. R. No. 440) for the relief of
Nicholas ITibner, lale a private in the sixth,
regiment Missouri State militia.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 83) granting to tho State of
Wisconsin a donation of public lands to aid in
the construction of a breakwater and harbor and
ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the
county of Door, in said State, to connect the
waters of Green bay with Lake Michigan ia
said State ; and
A bill (S. No. 107) to provide for a term of
the district court for the district of Minnesota
to be held at the city of Winona, in said
district.
APPROVAL OF A BILL.
A message from the President of the United
Slates, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that the President had, on the 31st'of March,
approved and signed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 50) in relation to the publication of tho
laws of the United States.
OATII 01' OFFICE.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a resolution of
inquiry which I offered yesterday that was ob-
jected to, so that it went over under the rules.
I move that the Senate take it up and act on it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution :
Jxesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Postmaster General be requested to report to the
Senate, so far as the records of their respective De-
partments will allow, whether at anytime since the
report of December last any persons have been per-
mitted to enter upon the duties of office, and to re-
ceive the salary or emoluments thereof, without tak-
ing tho oath prescribed by act of Congress; or,-if they
have taken it, adding thereto explamuious; orifthey
have altered the oath, then the alterations they have
made; and if such tilings have been done, then to
report the names of such persons and the oath they
have taken and the reasons for allowing the same.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A resolution of that
sort implies, to say the least of it, a censure or
a question of the fidelity of a Cabinet officer.
I wish to inquire of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts whether there is any information upon
the files of the Senate that calls for an investi-
gation of that sort.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very much obliged
to the Senator for making the inquiry. The
Senator perhaps has forgotten that as long ago
as December last a resolution passed this body
on my motion calling for specific information
on this very question. T have in my hand th©
reply of the Secretary of War and of the Sec-
retory of the Treasury letting us know that iu
many cases persons had been appointed and
had been allowed to proceed with the execu-
