2690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
surely the honorable gentleman does not mean
to affirm that the condition of things he de-
scribes carries a State out of the Union. If
it does, secession is easy indeed. Insecurity
to this alarming extent would paralyze every
arm, destroy all confidence, and render Gov-
ernments little else than nurseries of anarchy
and bloodshed.
The state of things so graphically described
by the honorable gentleman should, as it did,
constrain the Executive of the nation to exer-
cise the duty devolving upon him under article
four, section four, of the Constitution—this
is all. Under this provision of the Constitu-
tion the President of the United States did in-
voke the military arm of the nation. This arm,
as wielded by General Grant and his brave
comrades,suppressed the "revolt," dispersed
the "insurgents," and these "insurrectionary
States," with suspended rights, still remain in
the Union subject to its control and amenable
to its laws.
The honorable gentleman, in further reply to
my colleague, says:
"I answer him [Mr. Raymond] that it was that
specific act which turned her citizens into traitors,
took from her the loyal courts, statutes, constitution,
tribunals, offices, and Legislature, and which filled
them with traitors and kept them there. And if the
gentleman still desires the specific time when it hap-
pened, it will answer all the purposes of my argu-
ment to reply, that it happened about four years
before the time when he has told us it did, to wit,
before she ' surrendered.'"
With an emphasis peculiar and very becom-
ing the eloquent gentleman, he exclaimed:
*' The destruction and supersedure of all loyal gov-
ernment and law in South Carolina was a fact, not a
law."
Doesthis meet thepoint of the interrogatory
of my colleague?
These incidents, announced with so much
force by the honorable gentleman, are evidences
of crime, nothing more, and nothing less.
Crime does not change the status, only the
relations of a State. The fact that the inhab-
itants of a State are guilty of treason and of
usurpation cannot carry it out of the Union ;
the feet does not absolve from, but it actually
renders the actors amenable to law. The hon-
orable gentleman well says, "The destruction
and supersedure of all loyal government and
law in South Carolina was a fact, not a law."
The argument proves too much. An alien can-
not commit treason against the Government
of the United States; a State cannot become
alien by ordinance, by treason, nor yet by re-
bellion. Nothing less than successful revolu-
tion and the ability on the part of the malcon-
tents to maintain their independence, in spite
of the Government against which they have
rebelled, can invest them with alien rights;
this only will justify any nation in recognizing
the independence of such revolutionists, and
nothing less than this can carry a State out of
the Union. It is the power, the might of the
rebellious subject which the sovereign cannot
overcome, that severs all the ties which bound
them, and clothes it with national robes. If a
State_is out of the Union, it is alien; if alien,
then is it independent. One view preserves,
the other destroys the Union.
Upon a careful examination I find no au-
thorities in conflict with the views I have now
expressed. _ True, the very able and distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Stevexs] holds a counter-view,
but he founds Jt, as I understand him, upon
authorities he cited in a recent speech. I have
examined these authorities, and as I construe
them, not even one of them sustains his pecu-
liar view. For illustration, take the first cita-
tion from Yattel:
„ v ^10 Parties in rebellion occupy and hold in
a hostile manner a certain portion ofterritory; have
declared their independence; have cast off their alle-
giance; have organized armies; have commenced
hostilities against their former sovereign- the world
acknowledges them as belligerents, and the contest
is war. '
This is all true. But what kind of war? I
answer, it is civil war, the existence of which
does not, as alleged by the honorable gentle-
man; "break all the ties that bound" the bel-
ligerents before its commencement. On the
contrary, the continuance of these "ties" is
absolutely indispensable to its existence. The
moment these are severed civil war must ex-
pire. In this event the war necessarily becomes
public. But no one claims that we have had a
public war. And no one disputes but that we
have had civil war—bloody, wicked, remorse-
less. Every fireside attests it; every house-
hold mourns its cruelty. No one denies that
•this war assumed such proportions that the
insurgents were recognized as belligerents.
But this by no means changes the status of
these States. Their relations only are affected.
In the first relation, the insurgents are traitors,
amenable to civil law, the penalty of which is
death. In the second relation, as belligerents
they escape the rigor of the civil code. The
fact that the insurgents in civil war are recog-
nized as belligerents is equivalent to saying,
you are so swollen by numbers that from mo-
tives of humanity belligerent rights must be
accorded to you.
Why, sir, the circumstance that these mal-
contents were rccognized as belligerents only,
is proof conclusive that in the estimation of
the nations of the earth these States are and
ever have been in the Union and subject to its
control; otherwise, with the strong and known
desire on the part of many of them to do so,
instead of recognizing them as belligerents
merely, they would have acknowledged their
independence. Wheaton alleges that—
"Until the revolution is consummated, while the
civil war involving the contest for the government
continues, other States [foreign Powers] may remain
indifferent spectators of the controversy, still contin-
uing to treat the ancient Government as sovereign
and the Government de facto as a society entitled to
the rights of war against its enemy."
From this authority there can be no doubt
that these " rights of war" apply to the party
resisting the "ancient Government" only dur-
ing the contest fijrthe supremacy. This'being
determined by a surrender of the malcontents,
the reason for the application of these rights
no longer existing, their application must cease
also, and the contestants are necessarily re-
manded to the position of an offended sover-
eign and of an offending subject.
I insist this is the true relation which now
exists between the national Government and
these rebellious States.
I further insist that to restore these States
to their normal relations without any restric-
tions is to make no distinction between virtue
and vice. To restore them without prescrib-
ing any conditions is contrary to precedent, in
conflict with analogy, repugnant to justice, in
opposition to the spirit of the Baltimore plat-
form, the repeated and well-known views of
the present Executive of the nation, his imme-
diate predecessor, and both branches of Con-
gress. The differences, therefore, which now
exist among the loyal men of this country are
only as to the detail. They are no more vari-
ant than were the views which divided the
patriots who finally harmonized in establishing
our present form of government after the rev-
olutionary war. I cite one further authority. !
Wheaton, at page 40, says: I
"The habitual obedience of the members of any j
political society to a superior authority must have |
once existed in order to constitute a State; but a j
temporary suspension of that obedience and of that !
authority, in consequence of civil war, does not ne- j
cessarily extinguish the being of a State, although it
may aifectfor a time its ordinary relations with other i
States." j
It seems to me this authority is in point, and i
that my second affirmation is established.
3. The relations of these States thus changed
and the rights thus forfeited can be restored only
by the legislative branch of the Government.
Provisions are or may be made for the res-
toration of the relations and the rights of
which I have spoken. By whom? Is it by the
trespasser? No; but it is by the being or the
power against which the trespass was com-
mitted. These provisions .are as old as they
are universal. Adam could not restSre him-
self, neither could Payn.e, nor can South Car-
olina. In no instance is this restoration a
matter of right, but purely of grace. There
are conditions-precedent. Repentance is the
door and good works the evidence of its sin-
cerity. But who is to judge of this?
In our Government sovereignty or the power
of which I have spoken is in the people. Its
exercise is intrusted to agents. The first of these
enacts, thesecond interprets, and the third exe-
cutes the law. They are three, yet one. They are
one, yet three. They each have an orbit. The
departure of either from this imperils each as
certainly as a like departure in any celestial
body from its orbit imperils itself and others.
They are counter-checks, breaks upon the gov-
ernmental engine. If the legislative branch
of the Government is hasty or unwise, the
Executive stays its action, and enables it to
take a "sccond sober thought." If the Ex-
ecutive errs, the legislature may by the concur-
rence^ two thirds of its members correct the
error. If the legislative and the executive
branches unite in error, the judicial branch may
remedy their joint mistake. These provisions
are wise, and though they may be inconvenient
or even abused in some instances, yet we can-
not afford to abrogate them.
If, therefore, the insurrectionary States have
forfeited, or if any of their rights are suspended,
the sovereign power of the Government alone
can grant relief. But to which of its agents
must they apply? Not to the judicial, for she
only interprets; not to the Executive, for he
only executes the law. There is but one re-
maining. Practically, therefore, it is of but
little moment whether we regard the govern-
ments of these States as dead, suspended, or
only deranged. As a precedent, it may be
otherwise. Equally unimportant is it whether
we treat these States as in or as out of the
Union; for in either view it requires the same
interposition to reconstruct, restore, or to res-
urrect them. But we have authority in point.
The powers and the duties of Congress under
article four, section four, of the Constitution
of the United States were examined and de-
fined by the Supreme Court of the United
States in a controversy involving analogous
principles in a case reported in 7 Howard, 42.
The mooted question grew out of the fact that
within the State of Rhode Island two several
State governments were organized. The real
point to be determined was as to which of
these was the true government. This question
Congress had decided incidentally prior to
its being raised in court. The court say:
"Under this article of the Constitution it rests
with Congress to decide what government is the
established one in a State. For, as the United States
guaranties to each a republican government, Con-
gress must necessarily decide what government is
established in a State before it can determine whether
it is republican or not."
The power being unquestioned, the propriety
of its exercise is all that remains.
Mr. Speaker, if men were indifferent to the
future political control of this Government; if
the position of Executive of this nation were
unsought; if the patronage within its gift were
of no value ; if selfishness had no place in
political parties, the business of reconstruc-
tion were easy. There are so many stand-
points, the lust of power is so seductive, that
patriots even need the prayers of the good.
I invite gentlemen to the stand-point where
the controlling thought, the central idea, the
settled purpose is, that loyal men, and they
only, shall rule this nation ; that loyal men,
and they only, shall fill its places of honor and
of trust. If this is the President's stand-point
I am with him. If this is the congressional
stand-point, I am with it. If in this the Ex-
ecutive and Congress agree, they should act
in concert. I most cordially concur with the
President, that—•
' there he fi ve thousand men in Tennessee loyal
to the Constitution, loyal to freedom, loyal 1 o justice,,
these true and faithful men should control the work
ot reorganization and reformation absolutely."
1 he mere detail of reorganization is of but
little consequence. But the crowning fact, the
cardinal doc-trine, that Loyal men must and
shall rule this nation, like the stone out out
of the mountain, shall increase until it fills
the entire land.
