666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
ligerent rights had been conceded is equally |
certain, and for that original "levying war" !
there is no shadow of defense. An act crim-
inal when committed cannot 'become innocent
by additional crime, (23 Law Register, Boston,
597 ; 2 Bishop's Criminal Law, 1204.)
I may aiimit that belligerent rights were
conceded to the so- called " confederate States,''
(2 Black, 685,) and that the Constitution rec-
ognizes the law of nations as a part of the law
of the land, (Attorney General's opinion, July,
1865.)
But as secession was unauthorized, the rebel-
lion was not supported by a Government de
jure. I might admit, what our nation denies,
that the rebellion was supported by a de facto
confederate Government; that, insurrection had
risen into rebellion, and this into civil war, yet
all this does not, upon reason or authority,
remove the penalties of treason.
This is afiirmed by the elementary writers oil
international and criminal law and the highest
judicial decisions.
Bello, whoso work is citcd with approval in
the recent edition of Wheaton on International
Law, says:
"When a sovcreignhas conquered the party opposed
to him [in a civil war] and obliged it to demand
peace, it is customary to concede to it a general am-
nesty, excepting from it the authors and chiefs, whom
he may punish according to tho laws.1'—J'rincipios
de JJerccho Liter Hacionul, cap.x, page 2C7.
Vattel says:
" When the sovereign has subdued the opposite
party, and reduced them to siibmit, and to sue tor
peace, he m;iy cxcept from the amnesty the authors
of the disturbances—the heads of tho party; he may
brin^' them to a tegal trial, and punish them if they
bo found guilty."—Vattel, Droit des (Jens, liv.3,ch.l8,
sec. 195.
In Lawrence's "Wheaton on International
Law, it is said in a note to page 522.
"A civil war is when a party arises in a State, which
no longer obeys tho sovereign, and is sufficiently
strong to make -head against him, or when in a re-
public the nation is divided into two opposite fac-
tions and both sides take up arms,'' * * M
"Civil war breaks the bonds of society and of the
Government; it. gives rise in a nation to two in-
dependent parties who acknowledge no common
iudge.*' #*.«:* "When the sovereign
conqucrs the opposite party, and obliges it. to de-
mand peace, he may exceptfrom the amnesty, the au-
thors of the troubles, the chiefs of tiie party, cause
them to be judged according to the laws, and puu-
ish them if found guilty."
Bishop, in one of tho ablest of all the works
on criminal law, a ays :
"Tt is competent for the President, wlio is both
militaryhend and chiefExecutivool theeivildepait-
ment, to order a rebel captured in war to be tried by
the judici.uy, either dining the progress of active
hostilities, or after they have terminated in the sub-
jugation of the rebel power/'—Sec. 1222.
On the trial of the Savannah pirates in the
southern district of Now York, Nolson, J., with
Shipman, .1. concurring, said:
" It is claimed that the confederate States is a gov-
ernment at least de facto, and entitled to the rights
and pmiloges that belong to a sovereign and inde-
pendent nation." ^ •' p "This defense
involves considerations that, do not belong to the
courts, questions w Inch belong to the legislative and
executive departments: and when decided by them
the courts follow the decision; and until tlvse depart-
ments have recognized tiie existence of the new gov-
ernment, the courts arc obliged to regard the ancient
state of tilings as remaining unchanged."—TYarbvr-
ton 8 Trial, u72.
In the prize cases, Mr. Justice Gricr says:
44 When the party in rebellion occupy and hold in a
hostileinanneraecrtainportion of territory," x *
* - "the sovereign party treats them as insur-
gents, and rebels who owe allegiance, and should be
punished with death for their treason."—2 Black,
b67, Uiutcd State* Supreme Court.
And again the court say:
< "Now it is a proposition-never doubted that the bel-
ligerent party who claims to be soveieign may exer-
cise both belligerent and sovereign rights."—4 Crunch,
272: Congressional Globe, Thirty-Sermth Congrek$, sec-
ond newton, part 3, p. 2189, May ]0, i%'2: Hose vs.
Humily, 1 Crunch, 272, Marshall, (\ Jand Limnr/ston,
J., 28S; Chcviottvs. Tbusnot, 'dJhnnru, Jl., 252; Upton ^
Maritime Warfare and Prize, 212: Grotivs, do. Jure Belli
Jib* 1  caP' 3' sec-1; Jieu. vs. Gordon, 1 East,
P. ( . -0: L( r>nhlicu vs. McCarty, 2 Dcdl. 86; Linn*, on
Cr. 664; 1 Ilumes Cr. L., 50; 1 Allison Cr. L., 627-073.
In England "the statute of 11 Henry VII,
A. IX 1-104, cap. l,in effect declared that alle-
giance to a king de facto in exclusive posses-
sion protects the subjcct from future ques-
tion." (2 English Statutes at Large, 82;
Hale, P. C., 104; 4 Stephen's Blac&stone,
221; Bowland, Manual English Const., 162;
Lawrence's Wheaton, 525, note.)
But the belligerent and de facto rights of
Cromwell1 s Government did not protect his offi-
cers from punishment for treason against the
regal Government.
Charles I was executed on the 30th of January,
1648, for treason under^ judicial sentence and
warrant of Cromwell's judges. When Crom-
well1 s Government, in the person of his succes-
sor, was overthrown and Charles II succeeded
to the throne, Thomas Harrison and others of
the judges who had signed the death-warrant of
Charles I were indicted, tried, and executed by
the sentence of a civil tribunal. Harrison in-
terposed as a defense the authority of Crom-
well's Parliament, of a de facio Government, of
belligerent rights*
On the 11th of October, 1000, on trial he
.said—
" I say what was done was done by the authority of
the Parliament, which was then the supreme authority,
and that those that have acted under them are not to
be questioned by any power less than them." * *
* * " What, therefore, any did in obedience to
that power and authoiity they are not to be ques-
tioned for it; otherwise wo are in a most miserable
condition, bound to obey them that are in authority,
and yet to be punished if obeyed."
The Lord Chief Baron , overruling the defense,
said:
"For the House of Commons to do such an act, it
was void in itself; nay, any authority without House
of Lords and King is void." * « « "King,
Lords, and Commons is the ground of the English law;
without that no act of Parliament binds."—Trial of
the Begicidcs, 50-55; 5 Humes Histos y England.
Tliis subject did not escape the wise scrutiny
of the framers of our own Constitution. Anx-
ious as they were to define and limit treason,
they were unwilling that, the plea of "belli-
gerent rights'' or of u a de facto Government"'
should remove its penalties. My colleague,
[Mr. Spalding,] distinguished as a statesman
and jurist, has reminded us that in the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution a proviso
was offered to the third section of the third
article in these words :
" Provided, That no act or acts done byoncormore
of the States against the United States, or by any citi-
zen of any one of theUni ted States, under the authority
of one or more of the said States, shall be deemed trea-
son or punished a^ueh; but in ca«eof war being levied
}>> one ormoreof theStates against the United Slates,
the conduct ot each party toward the other, and their
adherents respectively, shall beiegulatcd by the laws
of war and of nations."
But Luther Martin, in his report to the Mary-
land Legislature, said :
"This provision was not adopted, and the conse-
quence is, that the State and every one of itseitizens
who acts under its authority (in making war upon the
Government of the nation) aie guilty of a direct act
of treason."—Elliot'* Debates, vol. 1, page H82.
All who voluntarily engage, then, in a civil
war. and who may not be included in amnesty
or pardon, are linbio to suffer the penalties of
treason by civil sentence.
NATIONAL COURTS MAY BE KELT) IX REBEL STATES.
I pass on to consider the objection that there
is no h-gally existing State" in which civil
trials can be had. We have high authority for
saying that Davis may bo tried in Ohio, Ken-
tucky, Maryland, and Pennsylvania, in all
which he levied war. An able elementary writer
has summed up, as the result of the authorities,
the law in these words:
"Thatwhen war is actually leviedby an assemblage
of men, in a posture of war for a treasonable object,
any one who, bemglcagued in the general conspiracy,
performs any overt act constituting a part in such fact
of levin? war, however remote from the scene of
action, or however minute that part, is guilty as a
principal traitor."—Burr's Trial by Coo ml s\ 357; and
see Senator Howard's Speech, February 1, 1866.
But if it be assumed that he can only be tried
in Virginia, and that this State is without a legal
State government, and that a de facto govern-
ment is not to be recognized, all of which ad-
mits of discussion, the national courts may still
exercise jurisdiction, for the geographical State
alone is necessary for that purpose. They
have been exercising unquestioned jurisdiction
in more than one of the rebel States.
It is monstrous to assert that traitors can es-
cape the penalty of treason by overturning a
State government, by prefacing one crime with
another.
Trials for treason maybe had in Virginia,
because il is the geographical State only which
the Constitution demands—a question of venue
merely.
Its object, says Judge Story,
"Is to secure the party accused fiom being dragged
to a trial in some distant State away from his friends
and witnesses."—2 Story, Constitution, 1799 ; 2 Elliot's
Debates, 399.
As it is the duty of Congress to provide all
necessary laws, we must inquire whether trea-
son may be tried by civil or military tribunals,
or all go unpunished.
TREASON" NOT TRIABL.E BY MILITATY TRIBUNAL—
MILITARY OFFENSES MAY BE.
Mr. Bishop very strangely demands what th&
law does not permit after flagrant war has
ceased, and after a surrender of all the rebel
forces. He says:
" If, then, a leading rebel is to be executed, [merely
as aconspirator,! the highest expediency, even almost
the law itself, demands that lie should not be sent to
the judicial tribunals for his sentence, but that this
shall be pronounced by amihtary tribunal."—2 Crim-
inal Law, note, see. 1222, edition 1865.
The Attorney General states the law differ-
ently:
"That the laws of war," says he, "authorized com-
manders tocreate and establish military commissions,
courts, or tribunals tor the trial of ottendeis against the
laws of war, whethei they be active or secret pai tici-
pants in thehostilitie«, cannot be denied."—Opinion,
Juh/, 1865. See Executive Document JS'q^ 5, Senate,
Thirty-Ninth Congress, jirst session.
And he adds:
"It must bo constantly borne in mind that such tri-
bunals cannot exist except in time of war, and cannot
then take cognizance of offenders or offenses where
the civil courts are open, cxcept offenders and offenses
agains the laws of war;"
which conspiracy and treason are not. But
the war, in legal contemplation, begins and does
not end until so declared by one or both of the
political (not the judicial) departments of the
Government.
The distinguished gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] in describing the "period when
war is not raging but is not yet ended'' has de-
scribed it as the period recognized by courts as
li/no)i flagrante seel nondum ccssante hello.11
(Cross vs. Harrison, 10 How. 104: 2 Black. R.
007; 25 Wend. 4bo; Letter of Attorney Gen-
eral to President, January 4, 1800.)
it was upon the authority of this opinion, of
July, 18G5, that the assassins of President Lin-
coln, and the infamous Wirz, were tried by mil-
itary tribuifal; the latter for the starvation and
murder of Union prisoners of war; and the
pirate Serames, and others are now under arrest
for trial; in like manner all offenders against
the laws of war—hostes humani generis.
The military jurisdiction is clear. Referring
to Mary, Queen of Scots, Ward, in his Law of
Nations, says :
"lu the case of a. prisoner of war detained always
in prison, and assenting to an a<t against tho liio of
his conqueror, the true manner ot proceeding against
nmi would be m the summary way of martial law,
without having i ecourau to the municipal courts of
the country."-- Vol. 2, p.355; 25 Wend. 483; 1 Hill, :>77.
The President in his proclamation of May 2,
1805, informs us that—
"It appears from evidence in the Bureau of Mili-
tary Justice that the atrocious murder of the late
President Lincoln was incited and procured by Jef-
ferson Davis, Clement C. Clay, and other rebels and
traitors."
That some of tho great rebels did know of
and sanction the deliberate murder and star-
vation of Union prisoners of war cannot be
doubted.
If these shall not be hung for treason, for
one 1 would say let them receive justice at the
hands of a military tribunal for these offenses
against the laws of war.
_But treason cannot be tried in a military
tribunal; it must be tried in the civil courts, or
escape all judicial condemnation and punish-
ment. The Attorney General says:
"I have ever thought that trials for high treason
cannot bo had before a military tribunal. Ttie civil
courts have alone jurisdiction of that crime."—Opin-
ion, January 4.
Nor can a military tribunal try and condemn
a great traitor merely as the leader of a great
