1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
and report what was advisable and ought to be
done, and they are now engaged on that work.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Was that adopted at
this session?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it was a resolution of the Senate,
not a joint resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS._ The purpose of the
chairman of the committee was, as I recollect,
to secure the services of the engineer of the
city of New York who had charge of the im-
provement of the great park irt that city. That
engineer was before the committee at the last
session, I recollect, and he explained the im-
provements that he thought advisable, and they
struck the committee with a great deal of force.
This particular improvement was to be made
in connection with the general improvement
of the city and of the public grounds. Un-
questionably it will involve a large expenditure
of money ; but, sir, this expenditure has to be
made. This is the seat of Government; our
Eublic buildings are here; people are coming
ere from every part of the country ; and ! was
willing to appropriate a very handsome sum of
money for the improvement of the city and
particularly this part which is so offensive both
to the health and to the taste of the people ; and
I am not sure whether wo ought to tie our-
selves up by giving this canal to a company ;
I am not satisfied about it. It is very certain
that there ought to be an improvement in this
part of the city. That was contemplated ; and
I feel that tins city has sustained a very great
loss in the death of that eminent Senator. He
was giving attention to it, and being so devoted
to the subject himself, and his tastes being so
accurate, the rest of the committee, I believe,
did not give the attention to the subject that
they otherwise would. For myself, I am scarcely
able to say what his views were, but he con-
templated a very handsome improvement in
that part of the city.
Mr. BROWN. I will remind the Senator
from Indiana that at the same meeting of the
committee one of its members was instructed
to move an appropriation of some twenty-five
thousand dollars, in connection with the same
subject to which he has alluded. That is prob-
ably what ho refers to. I believe the resolu-
tion was introduced by the Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Riddle,] and the engineers are
now engaged in making surveys on the grounds.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator from Ohio as to the
effect of this bill. When it is passed, if I
understand it, the right and title to this canal
and all its appurtenances are vested in this
company. Suppose, then, that the company
refuse or neglect to improve the canal, as con-
templated by this bill, does not that put it
beyond the power of Congress to provide any
remedies, and does it not leave the health of
this citv, so far as this canal may affect it, at
the mercy of these private individuals?
Mr. WADE. My idea on that subject is,
that unless they went on and performed the
stipulations of this charter they forfeited all
right and title to it at once.
Mr. CLARK. There is no provision of that
kind in the bill.
Mr. WADE. There may not bo a provis-
ion of that sort in the bill, but that condition
would attach to h, in my judgment. However,
I am perfectly willing that an amendment of
that kind should be made, that unless they
progress by such a time with it, and unless they
finish it in such a time, they shall forfeit all
their rights to the Government. I have no
objection to such an amendment as that; but
I suppose the bill itself would forfeit the right
unless they did perform the stipulations con-
tained in it. I think it is so drawn that they
would.. However, there is no objection to such
an amendment as that. I have no desire not
to have the bill entirely guarded, but I have a
desire, when it is made right, thatit shall pass,
and pass speedily.
. „ CLARK. I wish the Senator from Ohio,
it he can, would tell us what property specific-
ally it is proposed to pass to this company, if
he knows what it is. It passes all that the
United States have, but what is that " all?"
Mr. WADE. All that I could ever see or
find out was the ditch; the canal, and some
bridges that cross it at some of the streets. I
do not know that there is anything else in it or
about it. I do not suppose that there is any-
thing else.
Mr. CLARK. I observe that the amendment
now under consideration proposes to transfer
the canal and the bridges, basins, locks, reser-
voirs, docks, wharves, &c., as they are now
located, bnt this transfer is not to affect any
public rights. Can the Senator tell us, if this
corporation should take down one of those
bridges, whether it would affect any public
right?
Mr. WADE. I do not know but it would
affect a public right. It might be said that if
abridge crossing a public road was taken down
it would affect a public right; but they are re-
quired to keep up the bridges, and they would
not take them down unless it was absolutely
necessary; and of course if they did they would
have to build them again. I do not suppose,
however, that it would be necessary for them
to interfere with any bridges.
Mr. CLARK. Does that clearly appear from
the bill?
Mr. WADE. I think it does.
Mr. WILLEY. There is a provision in the
bill to that effect.
Mr. CLARK. I will thank the Senator to
point it out to me. There is a provision in
section thirteen—
That nothing in this act contained shall be held
or deemed, in any manner or way, to injure or impair
any public or private rights or interests.
Mr. WILLEY. The seventh section pro-
vides—
Tliat the said company shall, at their own cost and
expense, erect and maintain good and substantial
bridges over and across said canal and sower where
ever it crosses any public road or street.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly; that may be, because
if it was where a public street crosses it might
impair a public right to take away the bridge ;
but there may be other things that are very
convenient to the public which they might un-
dertake to remove and which we would not
desire to have removed. It seems to me we
ought to know exactly what wc are doing when
we undertake to transfer this property to them,
and I conceive it may be very possible that the
city, which may have some interest, more or
less, I do not know what, but the Sgnator inti-
mates that they have something.
Mr. WADE. They may have something.
Mr. CLARK. They may have something,
and they might not desire to have a corpora-
tion made in this way who might, have conflict-
ing interests with them. I think we ought to
understand what interests the city have and
what the United States have, and what we are
parting with, and what situation we are coming
to when we have done it. I do not know but
I shall agree entirely with the provisions of the
bill if they are found sufficiently guarded. I
will say that I agree entirely with the object
that the Senator from Ohio has to get rid of
this nuisance, but I want to get rid of it in a
proper manner.
I desire now to call the attention of the Sen-
ator, because I do not wish to trouble the Sen-
ate many times, to the second section of the
bill, that we may know whether that is suf-
ficiently guarded. By that section this com-
pany is—-
Authorized and empowered to survey, locate, lay
out, construct, operate, and uso and enjoy a continu-
ous lino of canal and sewer, with all the privileges
and appurtenances thereof, between the waters of
the Anacostiariver, commonly known as the Eastern
branch, where it enters the District of Columbia.
That is the northeast part of the District, and
then it is to run along down that river until it
comes to the Potomac river, and then it is to
go by the Potomac river to the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal, at or near the city of Georgetown,
to that point, running completely around the
angle of the city. Now, J wish to know froin.
the Senator from Ohio whether there is any-
thing that fixes the line of this canal, or whether
this corporation have the discretion to pass here
or pass there, provided they keep along the line
of the river.
Mr. WADE. The line has not been located.
It is, in that particular, like every other survey
that I have ever known. They have not got it
staked out so as to describe it exactly, but the
line of it is to be, conveniently, along the river.
If it does injury to anybody where they carry
it, of course they have got to pay for it, like
any other railroad or canal company. They
do not expect, however, to go very far from the
bank of the river. They could not locate it
more certainly than it is stated in the bill until
the engineers have staked it out.
Mr. CLARK. I supposed it must be so, and
I want to call the attention of the Senate, and
of the Senator from Ohio in particular, to this
feature of the bill, because it seems to me one
of very great power. It proposes that these
gentlemen shall build this canal along the line
of the Anacostia river, and they may go here
or go there, a little more or a little less near
the river.
Mr. WILLEY. It is proposed, as I stated
some time ago, and itwasso agreed in the com-
mittee, to strike out, in the sixth line of the
second section, after the word "branch" down
to and including the word "and" at the end
of the eighth line, and to insert in lieu of those
words, something like the following:
At, a point near where it intersects the Potomac
river, thence to the nearest and most practicable
point of intersection with the present old canal now
running through tho city of Washington, and thence
in, and by, and with the said old canal, through the
corporate iimits of the city of Washington, and thence
to the Chesapeake and Ohio canal at or near George-
town.
' Mr. GRIMES. How will it read then?
Mr. WILLEY. That is the way it will read.
It is proposed to strike out the words, '' where
it enters the District of Columbia, running
along said river to its junction with the Poto-
mac river, and the PotomaC river, and," and
to insert after the word "branch" the words I
have just read, so that the section will read,
when those words are inserted, as follows :
That the said company is hereby authorized and
empowered to survey, locate, lay out, construct, oper-
ate and use, and enjoy a continuous line of canal and
sewer, with all the privileges and appurtenances
thereof, between the waters of the Anacostia river,
commonly known as the JKastern branch, at a point
near where it intersects the Potomac river, thence to
the nearest and most practicable pointof intersection
with the present old canal, now running through the
city of Washington, and thence in, and by, and with
tho said old canal through tho corporate limits of the
city of Washington, and thence to the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, at or near the city of Georgetown.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to understand the
Senator from West Virginia a little more clearly
than I now do. The effect of his amendment,
as I understand it, would be to start from the
Anacostia river, near its mouth down near the
arsenal, and strike the old canal, and follow
that up.
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. It would abandon that part
of the scheme which proposes to take water
from the Anacostia river near the point where
it enters the District and carry it down toward
the arsenal and thence up along the river. It
abandons a large part of the route as it is now
in the bill.
Mr. WILLEY. It abandons the whole of
the route from where it strikes the District of
Columbia down to near the mouth of the Ana-
costia river.
Mr. CLARK. That is as I understand, and
of course that would avoid any question about
the navy-yard or any public ground in that di-
rection. That would be so much the better in
so much as it makes the damage that might be
done the less.
But, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
Senator fr m Ohio and the Senate to the pro-
vision of the bill—it may be necessary, but it
should be more guarded it seems to me—
which allows this corporation for a purpose of
this kind to take individual property. Every-
body at once objects to their taking the prop-
erty of the navy-yard or the public property
