668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
branches of Congress, who betrayed alike their
trusts and their oaths to destroy the Constitu-
tion they had sworn to support.
It was the work of men, some of whom were
high officers of the Army and Navy, nurtured
with the nation's treasure, and intrusted with
its power, who sundered the obligations of
gratitude to their country, substituted perjury
for patriotism, dishonor for duty, treachery for
fidelity, and led the rebellion against the nation
they had betrayed.
And then how great the crime in magnitude
and character!
A gigantic rebellion waged for four years,
carrying eleven States into the great revolt,
supported by six millions of population, with
immense armies incurring untold millions of
debt, with the sacrifice of hundreds of thou-
sands of lives, carrying devastation over more
than half the Kepnblic, disturbing the social
fabric, jeopardizing the peace of nations, im-
periling our national existence, and threaten-
ing to sweep free government from among men.
ATEOCIOUS VIOLATIONS 01' THE LAWS OF WAR.
But treason, infamous and odious as is the
crime, is no name for the atrocities perpetrated
under its authority. The rebellion opened with
meditated but averted assassination and culmi-
nated in its execution. Its pi ogress has been
marked with savage barbarities which set at de-
fiance the laws of nations, and the usages of civ-
ilized warfare. Its history is replete with the
evidence of this. The deliberate plot to assas-
sinate Mr. Lincoln, the President-elect, in Feb-
ruary, 18G1; the "massacre of the soldiers of
the Massachusetts sixth in Baltimore on the
19th of April,'' of the same year; the inhuman
" butchery and wanton slaughter at Fort Pil-
low;" the revolting murder and "deliberate
starvation of Union prisoners of war in the pris-
ons and prison pens of the rebel States," at
Libby and Belle Isle, Saulsburyand Columbia,
Charleston and Andersonville, in all which
"more than fifty thousand were tortured to death
by exposure and starvation or consigned to lin-
gering and hopeless disease;" the burning of
the city of Lawrence and the slaughter of its
inhabitants; the murderous St. Albans raid and
robbery; the plot to burn northern cities and
spread pestilence through the land, wilh emis-
saries plotting conspiracy in (lie North—these
are some of the ciimcs of I lie lebelliou.
Finally, (lie crowning infamy of all this stu-
pendous troa;,oii, planned by rebels in Canada,
and approved in Richmond, culminated in that
last great stab at the nation's life, the assas-
sination of the late but now martyred President
Lincoln at a time when his own sublime utter-
ance had scarcely died away upon liis lips,
"With malice toward none, with charity for
all." _ These have passed to the darkest and
bloodiest page of history.
The monuments of this treason are every-
where apparent—in three thousand millions of
debt to fax the energies of a generation : in half
a million graven, with the wailof the widow and
the orphan all over the land.
FHATKUXITY, WITII LOYALTY AND FUTURE SECU-
RITY.
But, for one, I will be content that all this
shall slumber undisturbed in the quiet repose
of history, and I will open no bleeding wound
of the melancholy past, if with guarantees for
peace and restored loyalty we can furnish an
admonition to all future conspirators against
the nation's life that infamy and death await
them, so that when the ancient concord of our
fathers shall he resumed if shall remain un-
broken for our children and their posterity
forever.
Sir Matthew Hale, who was justly styled !' that
solid philosopher;" that pillar and basis of jus-
tice. who would not have done an unjust act
for any worldly priec or motive; that practical
Christian, the highest faculty of the soul of
Westminster Hall, declared that—
"Tn criminals ofblood, if the fact he evident, sever-
ity is justice:'* '•that m I)imo>w capital, though my
nature prompt mo to pity, yet to consider that there
is also a pity duo to the country."
This nation does, not demand severity, but
justice on a smaller scalc.
Booth and Mary E. Surratt and Wirz, mere
subordinates of Davis, have paid the penalty.
If the "great leader of the rebellion" himself,
"the colossal traitor of the age," if he, Jef-
ferson Davis, can escape all punishment, then
is this age and nation and humanity itself
loaded with infamy, dishonor, injustice, and
disgrace forever.
General Grant, in his report of December 18,
to the President, declares that the people of
the South are not in a condition—
"To yield ready obedience to civil authority." *
* * * "This would render the prcscnce of small
garrisons throughout those States necessary."
The patriot soldier, General Schurz, in his
report more than confirms this by declaring
" their loyalty consists in submission to neces-
sity," and so does the President, by holding
military possesion of those States.
The rebel population have construed clem-
ency into cowardice. The punishment of trea-
son will aid in securing obedience to law and
hasten reconstruction.
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.
Many intelligent and philanthropic men arc
opposed to all capital punishment.
One among the most eminent of this class has
forcibly said:
" For more than thirty years I have been an advo-
eato of the abolition of tho death penalty, and yet I
am tree to say that, measuring the Government not
by my standard but by its own [its] duty to the coun-
try, requires that Jefferson Davis should be hung by
tho neck till he is dead. If ho is not to be hanged,
then in the name of humanity and ot God, let us abol-
ish tho gallowstorever, for no other man can becrim-
mal enough to deserve hanging.''
Let the nation, then, be generous yet just.
Let us inscribe on the Constitution justice for
all men. Let us " bind up the nation's wounds
and do all which may achieve and cherish a just
and lasting peace among ourselves and with all
nations."
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STTLVELL. Mr. Chairman, from the
14t,h day of April, 18G1, when the American flag
was fired on at Fort Sumter, until tho surren-
der of General Lee and his whole army to Gen-
eral Grant., April 9, l.S(>.">, the people of eleven
of the States of this Union were in armed re-
bellion against the national Government.
It was the proclaimed object of these people
to cut the threads of national life, and sever the
bonds of political Union.
It was the proclaimed object of the national
Government to maintain its rightful authority
over these Stales; to cxecute its laws and pro-
tect its Hag over every foot of this widely ex-
tended territory; to mark and punish rebellion
as a flagrant crime; and to bring back the de-
luded masses to a Union which for nearly eighty
years had spread over them the mantle of peace
and piospci ity.
THE ISSUE.
That tho public mind might be clearly in-
formed of the issue involved ; that no one might
enter the army on either side under misappre-
hension ; that when the battle was ended, and
peace again icslored, there should be no doubt
01 cavil in regard to the objects of tho war,
Congress, speaking in the name, of the nation,
passed, on the 23d of -Inly, 1861. by a nearly
unanimous vote, the following resolution;
" That this war is not prosecuted upon our part in
any spii it. of oppression, nor for any purpose, of con -
quest or subiugation,nor purpose ofovcuhrowmg or
interfering with the rights or established institutions
of those States,bat tod efend and maintain the suprem-
acy of tho Constitution and all laws made in pursu-
ance thereof, and to preserve the Union with all the
dignity, equality, and lights of the sevcial States un-
impaired; tliat, as soon as tliesn objects are accom-
plished tho war ought to ccase/'
ITS OBLIGATIONS.
There is not in the whole history of legisla-
tion an act of greater solemnity, or a contract
more binrlintr. Am i wrong in calling it a con-
tract? Did it not pledge the national faith to
every one in arms, that when he should capit-
ulate. the rights ofhis State and of self-govern-
ment should be preserved to his children and
kindred, even though he might sulFer the pen-
alties of tlie law?
Did it not pledge the national faith to every
Union man in the southern States, that, if he
would stand fast to the Government, all his
rights should be protected, and when peace
should come, be fully'lestored to him? Did
it not pledge the national faith to every man
who enlisted in the service of liis country,
that no love - of power, no lust of conquest,
no military subjugation, should enter into the
purposes of the war, but that it was waged
merelyto preserve, not to destroy Government?
Have not those in the southern States who
have been true to their allegiance amid the
most bitter persecutions known in the annals of
history, who have seen their dwellings burned
and their fields desolated, and who have fled to
their mountains for refuge, and raised the flag
on their summits, no claim to the fulfillment of
this pledge? Have those at the North, who
rushed to the battle-field to preserve national
unity and restore national fraternity, no right
to insist on the fulfillment of this pledge, with-
out which they would have remained at home?
Has not the'nation itself a right to demand on
this floor, and everywhere, that its plighted
faith and its sacred honor, which have survived
the storm of revolution, shall not perish in the
halls of its own Capitol?
It is said, I know, that one Congress is not
bound by the acts of a previous Congress, and
that what was done in 1801 is not binding in
18G6. Can this bo so? Is the pledge of the
national faith to pay money more binding than
when it was made to ptescne Government and
protect liberty ? Is the millionaire, who stays
at home and lends his money, a more favored
crdditor of the nation than lie who shoulders his
musket and goes to the iieid under the solemn
pledge that State institutions should survive the
shock of battle ? National faith is essential to
national life. It is the cementing bond of Union,
the noblest attribute of government, and the
virtue nearest allied to the great source of om-
niscient wisdom and justice.
This resolution adopted in the first year of
President Lincoln's administration, shaped his
policy and was the guide of his public life. All
his acts had reference to it; under it he declared
that to save the Union, (that is, to preserve the
States,) was tho first and great duty. To this
everything was made subservient. 11' it could
be done by protecting slavery, then slavery was
to be protected. If it could best be done by
destroying slavery, then slavery was to be de-
stroyed. Hence, his administration was sim-
ple, straightforward, and consistent; and it is
a matter of record that this policy received the
unanimous support of his Cabinet.
His address to the people of Washington on
the 13th of April, 1SG5, the last public act of
his life, was the most studied, comprehensive,
and perfect of the many papers which he has
left for the instruction of posterity. It re-
capitulated all the principles laid down in the
resolution, and gave to it a practical and tan-
gible form. The- sysicm was perfect in all its
parts, and complete in all its details. Tho time
for practical application had come, and that
application was about to be made by him, when
the hand of the assassin deprived the nation
of its head, the Constitution of its wisest de-
fender, and the State governments of their
truest friend.
By the action of our institutions the respon-
sible duty of carrying out these measures de-
volved on tho Vice President, Andrew ,1 ohnson.
Here a wide field of ambition was opened to the
new President. Armies were to be employed
or disbanded; old States proscribed, or new
ones brought into existence; the policy of the
old Administration was to bo continued, or a
new policy adopted ; and we all remember how
the nation held its bieath while these questions
were under advisement.
At length the decree came forth that the
policy of Abraham Lincoln was to be continued.
That the resolution of July 23, 1861, which had
formed the platform of the war, was also to be
the platform of peace; and that those who had
