1866,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
39th (Jong.... 1st Sess.
Conxiiluitonal Amendment—Mr. Oulloni.
Ho. qf Reps.
new and increasing population, that a land ij
lying waste for long generations may contrib- |
ute by its fertility to the.advancement of hap-
piness.
I would invite industry and skill to the rich
mines and ores which require but labor to con-
vert them into the life-blood of commerce; and
then as decade after decade, rolling away,
should bear the rebellion, its crimes, and its
retribution further and still farther to the past,
I should feel an abiding confidence that the
burdens that now oppress thirty millions would
be unfeit by a hundred million of true and loyal
people holding peaceful, undivided, and undis-
puted power from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. S. M. CULLOM,
op illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
June 16, 18CG.
[The Speaker stated there wercseverplgentlemen
who wished to speak, but wore precluded by the
eloping of the debate on the stale of the Union,
aud if there were no objection they could hand their
speeches to tho reporters to be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was ordered accord-
ingly.]
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, a skillful gen-
eral knows the position, strength, and courage
of his own men, as also the position, numbers,
and designs of the enemy. lie studies the sit-
uation and is seldom deceived either by his own
forces or tli ose with whom he is contending. The
Union party of this country should study well
its position upon the great political questions
of the day as well as the position of those who
have opposed it ever since the beginning of
our struggle for national existence. Wo should
see to it that our positions are defensible,
whether our Union forces are established upon
the solid foundations chosen by our fathers, and
whether the spirit and courage of the loyal peo-
ple. are a sure guarantee of victory. These are
not ordinary times ; ages seem almost crowded
into a day, and we are hurried along on the full
tide of events scarcely knowing where we arc
or whither we are going. Then, sir, in the lan-
guage of the great Webster, let us refer to the
point from which we departed, that we may at
least be able to conjecture where we now are.
As the north star is the sure guide to the weary
traveler as he passes over the unknown desert
in the darkness of night, so there is one prin-
ciple in our Government which, if followed and
adhered to by the people, will lead us through
the present darkness which hangs over the
country like a thick cioud, and on to peace,
prosperity, and permanency as a nation. That
principle runs all through our Government,
and forms the very fulcrum of its existence.
It is peculiar to America and singles her out
from ail other nations, and places her far above
them all in a proper estimation of the value
of governments for men. That principle should
be made the touchstone by which all the great
questions now agitating the country and involv-
ing the rights of men should be tested, and by
it we as legislators may determine whether in
our disposition of these questions, we are mov-
ing backward or forward.
When our fathers proclaimed in the language
of the Declaration of Independence that they
held these truths to be self-evident, that all men
are created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights;
that among these are life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness; and that to secure these
rights governments are instituted among men,
they spoke to the world the thrilling notes of
truth which set the American Republic high
above all other Governments in the shining
galaxy of nations, kindled a now flame of lib
erty in the hearts of the American people, and
made the monarchies aud despotisms of the
Old World from that moment more and more
insecure. That principle forms the very life
of this nation; smother it out and America
dies—dies disgraced. As the man once hon-
est, sober, a Christian, turns from the habits
which marked him as the man of God, and
in the pool of debauchery, without friends to
mourn him, dies, so this Republic, when she
smothers out that life-principle of her distinct-
ive organization, will die unhonored and un-
sung. The framers of the Constitution rec-
ognized it as one of the paramount objects of
government. Union, justice, domestic tran-
quillity, the general welfare, thesecurementof
the blessings of liberty to themselves and their
posterity, were the great objects for which they
ordained and established the Constitution of
the United States. To secure the blessings
of liberty, the Declaration of Independence was
written and proclaimed, the long and severe
struggle of the Revolution endured, and the
Constitution framed and ratified by our fathers.
Sir, when that great and good man who was
said to be ''first in war, first in peace, and first
in the hearts of his countrymen," was by res-
olution of Congress in 177-3 made commander-
in-chief of the armies, by the terms of the res-
olution, it was for tho defense of American
liberty. Union and liberty in the early days
of this Republic were together mingled and i
interwoven in the hearts of the people, and
from those living principles, warming and ele-
vating the hearts of the early patriots of this
land, grew the great prosperity and mighty
power of this country.
Mr. Speaker, since the organization of this
Government we have had some agitation and
excitement as the result of the presence of
elements antagonistic to that vital principle
of liberty. Although for many years slavery
remained in the Government as a local insti-
tution, undisturbed, yet its existence^ was in
direct antagonism to the spirit and life of tho
vital principle of the Government. While that
institution did not seek to reach out and spread
its poisonous wings over the whole land and
make slavery national and freedom sectional,
wicked and lioirid and barbarous as the insti-
tution was in the estimation of the millions of
fieemen, as well as the millions of downtrodden
slaves, yet it was permitted to exist. But, sir,
its votaries were not content that it should re-
main in the States where it had long existed,
and finally the cry was that "as the star of
empire took its way" to the West, so must sla-
very follow, and plant its curse upon the vir-
ginsoil of the new Territories of tho nation.
The free people, whose moral sense had long
been insulted by the hideous forms of slavery
and by its bold determination to crush out the
vital principle of the Government, finally dared
to assert their position, that freedom should
be national, anil that if slavery existed at all
it should be sectional, and that it should not
spread over territory then free, if by any consti-
tutional power or means they could prevent it.
The majority of the free people of the Gov-
ernment were against its encroachments upon
their rights as freemen, and when the voice of
the people was heard, and in a constitutional
mode it spoke against the institution of slavery
war came upon the country like a sweeping
tornado, and for four years the nation trembled
in the balance as tyuumy, oppression, and all
the wickedness of accumulating ages combined
together, aud with a desperation unparalleled
were hurled against the Government straggling
to maintain its integrity and the vital principle
of its existence. Sir, as tho sound of war rolled
over the mountains and up the valleys of the
North the fire of liberty aud patriotism^ re-
kindled in the hearts of the people, and from
that hour slavery was doomed to speedy de-
struction. That element which bad become an
eating canker upon the body-politic was to be
removed, together with the excitement, it had
caused. The war continued; slavery was de-
stroyed ; the rebellion finally crushed, and we
are at work changing and modifying the laws
and Constitution to more perfectly suit the
new order of things.
Slavery, sir, was the cause of the rebellion;
slavery lias been the great disturber of the peace
and harmony of our people from the beginning;
slavery was a great moral and political evil;
the moral sense of the people was against it:
the spirit of the Government was against, it; the
spirit of the age was against it: the civilization
of all Christendom was against it; it has now
passed away, and may not the American peo-
ple well rejoice? Nations, like men, cannot
long prosper and cherish evil. They, like men,
must deal justly if they would long succeed.
But, sir, the people who were once slaves are
now free. It has become the duty of the Gov-
ernment to give them civil rights, to throw
around them protection, to shield them, de-
pendent as they are, just emerged from the
prison of bondage, from the impositions of
wicked men. This has in a measure been
done. We have proposed amendments to the
Constitution, which are as follows:
Resolved, bv the Senate ami House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That tho
following article be proposed to the Legislatures of
the several States as an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which when ratified by
three tourths of said Legislatures shall be valid as
part of the Constitution, namely:
Article —.
Section 1. All persona born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the iuri.-Uetlon thereof,
are citizens of tho United States and of the States
wherein they reside. NoStateshall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or propel ty,
without due piocess of law; nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of tho
laws.
Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective num-
bers. counting the whole number of persons, exclud-
ing Indians not taxed. Hut whenever the right to
vote at any election for the choice of electois for
President and Vice President, Representatives in
Congress, executive and.judicial officers, or members
of tlie Legislature thereof, is denied to any of tho
male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-ono
years of acre, and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the basis ot representation therein
shall bo reduced in the proportion which the num-
ber ofsuch male citizens shall bear to the whole num-
ber of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State.
Sec. 3. That no person shall be a Senator or Rep-
resentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or ns a judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall bave engaged m insuriection
or rebellion against tho same, or given aid oi eomfoit
to the enemies thereof. But Congressmay, by n voto
of two thirds of each House remove such disability.
Sec. 4. The validity of the public debt of the Uni-
ted States authorised by law, inidudirigdebts ineuri ed
for payment of pensions and bounties for services m
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned. But neither the United State-, iioi any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obli^i tion
incurred in aid of insurrection or lcbelhon against
tho United States, or any claim for the lo's or eman-
cipation of any blave. but all such debt*, obligations,
and claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. 'The Congress shall have liower to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this sec-
tion.
By these amendments, which have gone to
the people or the States for ratification, we
provide that all persons born or naturalized m
the United States and subject to our jurisdic-
tion shall be citizens of the United States ana
of the several States ; that no State shall abridge
the privileges and immunities of citizens, nor
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law ; nor deprive any
person the equal protection of the laws. By
these amendments wo propose to settle the
basis of representation and prevent the late
rebel States from having an increased repre-
sentation in the llalis of Congress when those
States are admitted to the right of representa-
tion, as a direct result of their rebellion against
the country.
