1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2693
obvious that this can be reached only by requir-
ing as conditions-precedent to restoration—■
1. That the civil and military leaders of the
rebellion, who naturally create and direct the
public opinion of the South, should be made
ineligible to office under the United States
Government.
2. That the rights of the freedmen and the
safety of the Government be secured by grant-
ing suffrage to the liberated or withholding it
temporarily from the disloyal.
3. That the elective franchise and an equal
distribution of political power shall be pro-
tected by a decrease in the basis of representa-
tion, where impartial suffrage is denied, by such
a proportion of the whole population as the dis-
franchised males above twenty-one years of age
bear to the whole male population above that
age.
There is no injustice in such requisitions,
and they are imperatively demanded for public
safety. There is no hardship in withholding
political power from men who have violated
the most solemn oaths, have destroyed untold
wealth, and decimated the population of the
land in an effort to overthrow its Government.
Is it not our paramount duty as guardians of
the Republic to throw around it such safeguards
of law as shall protect it against the machina-
tions of a yet powerful foe, until treasonable
purposes shall have passed away or become
innoxious? I am constrained to believe that
no loyal'man would hesitate for a moment to
give a cordial support to these measures were
not his reason perplexed or his desires over-
ruled by a theory of the indestructibility of
States which dominates his better judgment
and his patriotism. I fully concur, sir, in the
opinion entertained bjr gentlemen around me,
that the insurgent States did not perish, either
by their ordinances of secession or their acts
of war; but I differ in toto from the conclu-
sion that they have a right to representation in
Congress simply because of their existence as
States. If the present governments of the
rebel States have been organized by those who
had forfeited all their political rights, and are
he'd in their power, they have no legal exist-
ence or right of representation more than the
revolutionary governments which have been
overthrown. The national Legislature, to
whom alone the right belongs, must in some
way signify when their political status has been
properly restored before they can rightfully
claim seats within it. The right of a Govern-
ment to make use of the means necessaiy to
its own existence is the supreme law of every
State. It was that reserved and sovereign
right of the Government which conferred upon
us the power to refuse representation during
the pendency of the struggle, and the same
imperative law of public necessity demands
the continued exclusion of the representatives
of that rebel power till the loyal people of the
South, who have never worshiped at the altars
of treason, shall have reconstructed their State
governments upon principles consistent with the
genius of civil lihert}' and upon conditions
which we shall dictate as essential to the future
peace and welfare of the Republic. It is not
for treason to sit in judgment upon itself, nor
for the enemies of the Government to become
chief counselors of the State.
'the war lias wrought a'reat changcs, not only
in the social condition, but the civil structure
of the late slave States. They cannot return
as tbev were originally, and it is proper that
Congress, to whom belongs the right of deter-
mining the conditions upon which States shall
be organized and of making them parts of the
Union, should decide when these States have
been properly reorganized and fitted to renew
their legitimate functions in the Union. This
is a responsibility which we, whom the people
have made depositaries of their will, cannot
innocently yield or repudiate, and for another
to assume it would be a usurpation of power
such as would not be tolerated in the coarsest
and most absolute despotism to bo found on
the map of the world. And yet, sir. oil this
very question of th e right of Congress to impose
upon the rebel States conditions-precedent to
representation, the issue is to be made and
contested before the people, and we had better
meet it fully ar.d fairly upon this floor.
The war was a logical and inevitable resultof
the conflicting views entertained by the north-
ern and southern schools of politics in respect
to the nature of our Government. They who
regard it as simply a league, necessarily trans-
ferred sovereignty to the independent States of
which it was composed, and held that the State
was entitled to their highest allegiance and
could secede at pleasure. Vte, on the other
hand, who held that the Union was a Govern-
ment de /ado. denied the right to withdraw,
and contended that the Federal Government
could claim supreme allegiance and coerce the
people of a State. With social and industrial
systems in constant and complete antagonism,
it must ultimately happen that sectional inter-
ests would be thought paramount to the ad-
vantages of the Union, and then the final
arbitrament of force must come, as it did.
But when it came, was it the purpose of the
South to overthrow the State governments?
Certainly not, for it was in their interests that
they rebelled. They renounced their allegiance
to the Constitution and attempted to transfer
it to another. They did not desire to inaugu-
rate anarchy, but to construct a new confeder-
acy out of the existing States. When peace-
ful measures failed they attempted forcibly to
sunder the umbilical cord which bound them
to the parent State, to expel Federal authority
in all its forms from their borders, and to
transfer the States without lapse or essential
modification of their governments to a new
federal league. This they did in fact, but not
in law. It was simply a suspension of Federal
authority. Their ordinances of secession passed
by Legislatures were void, for the States, as
such, are not parties to the Union, and have
no more power to break the bond than a board
of trade or city council. Their ordinances of
secession passed in conventions were equally
void, first, because the Constitution has no pro-
vision for self-destruction in «that way; and sec-
ondly, because the Government was originally
organized by a three-fourths vote of all the
States, and could only be disorganized, if that
were possible by peaceful means, by a similar
vote. Eleven States only instead of twenty-
four made the attempt, and hence their work
•was a nullity.
Did tliev effect their object in the conflict of
arms? They established a civil power which
had a de facto existence and exercised the
functions of government for four years. Did
it acquire an existence de jure'? I think not.
If it did. then the rebels dismembered our ter-
ritory and became alien enemies upon a for-
eign soil, for they could not have become alien
enemies upon our own soil. If it did, then
they can only be held as prisoners of war
and can claim exemption from the guilt and
the punishment of treason. If it did, they can-
not be required in law or justice to pay taxes
levied upon the States during their separate
existence; and have a r<ght to insist that the
liabilities which they incurred us an inde-
pendent power shall be assumed and honor-
ably discharged by the General Government,
on their readmission to the Union. If it did.
they are to-day in the condition of conquered
territory and should be bi ought into the Union,
like other States, by a vote of Congress, and
not by the supererogatory work of constitutional
amendments. If it did. then the rebels played
the double part of victors and \aneui«hed in
the final scene of the drama, and have been
asking and receiving pardons from a defeated
foe. It is clear, sir, that the siave States never
reached the dignity of an independent confed-
eraev. There has never been a moment when
they have not been regarded and treated as a
part of the Union. Their de facto govern-
ment was ne\ er recognized by other Powers as
belonging to the community of nations, and
was treated by us as a fiction during the pend-
ens v of the contest. The brave men who fell
on a, thousand battle-fields., and the mighty host
of not less heroic men who survive, are entitled
to the glory of having preserved the integrity
of the Union and the supremacy of the Gov-
ernment.
But though the right of the Government to
collect customs, hold courts, maintain military
power, and exercise all other functions of Fed-
eral authority in the insurgent States, has re-
mained unbroken, yet it has been assumed,
and much legal learning marshaled to prove,
that the local governments perished. I admit
the great skill and ability of the advocates of
this theory, but have failed to be convinced of
its truth. I am unable to see how the numer-
ous citations which have been made from dis-
tinguished publicists are applicable to the state
of things which here exist. The local govern-
ments of the seceding States had an uninter-
rupted continuity of existence until the fall of
the confederacy, and were then destroyed, not
by the enemies, but by the friends of the Union.
The legitimate governments were usurped by a
revolutionary power, which administered them
in the interests of treason and in defiance of
Federal authority. -There was a continuity,
but not an identity of existence, when a loyal
was transferred into a disloyal State. The
former passed over its form, but not its life, to
the new State, and hence did not necessarily
perish, either at its birth or its demise. It was
neither a metamorphosis nor a metempsycho-
sis of the State. It was not a case of death,
but of suspended animation. The insurgents
maintained the old forms, in order the better
to concentrate and wield their power, but in
law they had no muiricipal governments in
operation from the beginning to the close of
the war. for a State can come into exist-
ence only by an act of Congress. They are
simply municipal organizations for home, pur-
poses, and not governments in the purview of
international law. Hence they do not come
into existence by the recognition of foreign
Powers, and their status is to be determined
i by constitutional rather than international law,
the same as cases are decided in court by stat-
ute law, where there is a statute, to the exclu-
sion of common law. Under the Constitution.
I know of no way in which a State can perish.
If the people should resort to their reserved
right, and sunder their relations to the Federal
Union by successful revolution, undoubtedly
the State would cease to exist as a part of the
Government. But this case does not occur
until the revolution has been recognized as a
success by other Christian Powers. This posi-
tion, I think, will not be controverted by gen-
tlemen familiar with public law.
The loval people of the South were over-
powered and held in duress by an armed mob.
and their governments rendered inoperative by
force during t he period in which the slave power
was testing the ability of the Federal Govern-
ment to maintain its supremacy.
But the usurpation has been crushed and the
rebel power subverted, and now the govern-
ments *of the States revert to the loyal people
of the South, who have a right to claim protec-
tion and immunity at our hands while they
reorganize their governments on principles
which we may deem essential to the repub-
lican form guarantied by the Constitution and
to the future peace and safety of the Republic.
Says Chief Justice Chase:
"ft is my opinion the State? remain States. The
rebel governments of the southern btates have been
destroyed. All the machinery of these governments
has come to an end; and now. holding, as I do, that
these States remain. States, the seeond process of
reorganization i-* that the governments now revert
into i Me
hands vu the
ci a people.
They are to
refciuid ih«-' ^overnm^iit^ oi these State?.'"
It is not deigned by the series of measures
now pcndlii" to a platform for the
adm'
sauh.
>^ion ot' new States, though it raav become
to put ilie organization of the (lis-
<j rapted srovemmenis into the bund:? of ioyui eiti-
! zon*. and to preserve them in their custody tiil
,! time shall have removed, or at least soothed.
: the passions and prejudices of these troubled
' times. The justice and wisdom of such a policy
li will hardly be questioned by any friend of th©
