3654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.July 7,
question was whether it would not be neces-
sary to institute investigations to ascertain who
were bona fide settlers in case this amendment
should pass.
Mr. J ULIAN. In answer to that I can state
that I have no doubt at all about the mode of
settling the difficulty if the opinion of the At-
torney General is accepted as law, and I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read a specimen of
the manner in which land speculators treat
preemptors on the Soscol ranch in California.
It is taken from the Land Office, and I believe
is uncontradicted from any quarter.
Mr. HIGBY. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. .1 ULIAN. After this is read I will yield,
or now if the gentleman presses it.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the chairman of the
committee if he has not obtained ex parte testi-
mony in this case from the Land Office with-
out giving the contestants of this claim any
notice whatever of what he was going to pro-
duce here.
Mr. J ULIAN. I have produced testimony
from the records of the Land Office which I
understand is uncontradicted by any other testi-
mony, and which the gentlemen have had all the
means that they desire to contradict if they had
seen fit. I wish to state to the gentleman that
we shall not settle this question this morning
if I am interrupted further.
Mr. HIGBY. I cannot help it.
Mr. JULIAN. Very well, then ; I will yield
to questions.
Mr. IIIGBY. I ask the gentleman if he did
not on Monday last, when the bill was to come
up on Tuesday, send a letter to the Secretary
of the Interior or Commissioner of the Land
Office asking answers to some thirty-eight ques-
tions which he put; and whether he did not
receive a letter from the Commissioner stating
certain things in reference to what he has pro-
duced on this subject; and whether he gave any
notice that he was going to produce this testi-
mony before the House.
Mr. J ULIAN. The gentleman asks his ques-
tion with a good deal of emphasis and an air
of significance, as if there was going to be some
decided development. Bat after all I fail to
see the point. I did write a letter to the Com-
missioner of the Land Office asking what the
reeoids showed as to certain facts, and I got
some answer, from which I selected such facts
as bore upon.the controversy. 1 did not sup-
pose this was a case in which I was bound to
serve a notice on the gentleman, or that I was
bound to do so, as if this wore a suit in court.
The records were as open to him as to me, and
I have no apology to make, certainly, for having
consulted them and used the facts I obtained.
Mr. FUG BY. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. JULIAN. 1 cannot yield. I can never
say what I have to say.upon this subject under
these interruptions. I ask the Clerk to road
now what I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
A. Statement of Mrs. Hanson.
On the 25th of November, 1802, we wont and settled
on the Soscol ranch; wc erected a dwelling-house,
and lived in it until the 13th day of December; on
the afternoon of that day a large body of armed
men, about two hundred in number, surrounded my
house, when John i\I. Neville came to my door and
demanded possession of my premise.-: I asked him
by what authority; he answered me by the authority
of the land-holders; I was then seized by three armed
men and violently thrown upon a chest and searched
in the most rudo and indecent manner; X was then
handcuffed and put out. Two of my small children,
from fright, went into spasms; I implored Mr. Prisbie
and Mr.Neville.in the name of mercy, to removethe
handcuffs and let me have my children, when a man
told me that if I didnotkeep quiet he wouldgagme;
the men were all mounted and armed with shot-guns
and revolvers; my furniture was then destroyed, my
house was torn down and hauled away; I was forci-
bly removed from the premises and placed with my
children on the highway; my clothes were torn from
me; I was compelled to dress myself in the open field,
in the presence of the armed men; Ihavenever been
served with any writs, and am satisfied that no suit
has ever been commenced against us; Captain Erisbie
and his brothers were present and were cognizant of
everything that transpired; I am a married woman
arid have three children living: my husband, Peter
Hanson, is at present, and has been for many years,
employed in the navy-yard at this place; ho was not
present at the timo of this occurrence; I was so se-
verely injured that I was confined to my bed for more
than six weeks, and have not yot recovered from the
injuries sustained; I was greatly abused by being
kicked. her
ANNE X HANSON,
mark.
Sworn and subscribed to before me, this 8th day of
June, A. 1). 1863. CHARLES W. RILEY,
Justice oftlie Peace, Vallejo. Solano county.
Mr. JULIAN. That is a specimen of the
manner in which California deals with pre-
emptors on the Soscol ranch and with_ parties
whose cases have been solemnly decided by
the land department, and in accordance with
the laws of the United States giving the right
of preemption.
Mr. BLDWELL. This was all done under
sheriff's process.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman says it was
all done under sheriff's process. I think he
is mistaken.
Mr. HIGBY. It was.
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir; it was done under
pretended warrants. Would it justify the out-
rages recited if there was process?
Mr. HIGBY. It was done by the sheriff of
the county.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia is not in order.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 hope the gentleman from
California [Mr. IIigby] will keep as cool as
possible this hot weather.
Mr. HIGBY. It is true.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia must preserve order.
Mr. JULIAN. It is to guard against these
mobs, this violence and lawlessness, that these
poor preemptors ask the adoption of this
amendment, so as to save themselves from the
effcct of this mischievous ruling of the Attor-
ney General, which has been accepted by the
Interior Department of the Government. And
now, if the House will give me five minutes'
extension of my time I will bring this question
to a vote to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has three
minutes remaining.
Mr. DRIGGS. I appeal to the gentleman
to allow me, before he closes, three or five
minutes, as reference has been made to my
signing a paper.
Mr. JULIAN. I will do so if it is not to be
taken out of my time.
Mr. DRIGGS. I think it due to me, as my
motives have been impugned with those of five
other members of the committee.
Mr. JULIAN. I have not intended to im-
pugn the motives of any member of the com-
mittee, and if the gentleman on some other
occasion asks liberty to make an explanation
I have no doubt the House will grant it. I
understand the House to have granted me an
extension of five minutes, and I propose to
use it in closing this controversy.
If the House votes down this amendment, it
votes, in effect, that the ruling of the Attorney
General shall be the law, affecting not only the
comparatively few preemptors on the Soscol
ranch, but the rights of preemptors everywhere
throughout the land. What we desire by this
amendment is to save the land policy of the
Government from this indirect, unmanly, and
covert attack which has been attempted. We
simply ask that the customary and well-settled
laws governing the rights of preemption shall
prevail on the Soscol ranch as well as every-
where else, and that these poor men shall not
be the victims of fresh and renewed acts of vio-
lence. caused by our failure to protect them.
And now, a word on the subject of the "Cali-
fornia delegation." It would seem from the
remarks made upon this floor that there is
scarcely any other delegation in the world than
the California delegation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this amendment, which
the gentleman from California says affects
nobody but California, and no question but the
"construction of\!alifornia law and California
grants," affects the right of preemption in Cal-
ifornia and out of it, and everywhere. And it
is a novel idea that because the California dele-
gation ask a particular thing we are bound to
grant it. Why California has shingled the State
all over with school-warrants, issued without
law, and has undertaken a system of survey and
sale and the disposition of her swamp and inter-
nal improvement lands and her seminary lands,
all in flagrant contravention of the laws of the
United States, and in violation of her plighted
faith. The gentleman from California knows
this and deplores it. Her legislative career in
this respect seems to have been a career of sys-
tematic recreancy to her most sacred obligations
to the national authority, and K&S thus rendered
necessary the bill now before the House. This
bill affects the rights of the whole country, since
the illegal acts referred to interfered with the
rights of purchasers, preemptors, and home-
stead claimants on the public domain in Cal-
ifornia, thus unlawfully disposed of by the
State. In view of these facts, I submit that the
California delegation should not exact much
more than ordinary deference for their wishes.
Let me make another observation. I under-
state the proper mode of Legislation upon this
floor to be this: that we present our measures
and debate them on their merits, and then vote.
I have not had the time to get the Indiana
delegation to go around and implore every
member upon this floor in God's name to vote
for my amendment. I have not had time to
get any Senators from the other end of the
Capitol to come here and plead vehemently
with members to vote for any proposition in
the interest of Indiana. I have not had time
to persuade the Committee on Public Lands to
unite with me in laying siege to members to
carry any measure on grounds independent of
its merits, or as a great personal favor, to be
duly returned. I have no taste for such work.
I know nothing of that kind of legislation ; and
I therefore have a great deal less of effective-
ness and influence in carrying measures on this
floor than other gentlemen who have the pecu-
liar gifts and inclinations to which I have al-
luded. But I submit that after all the para-
mount question is, whether our proposed
measures are right or wrong, and not whether
the California delegation ask for them.
Mr. IIIGBY. 1 rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Higby] will state his point of
order.
Mr. HIGBY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, [Mr. Julian,] in the
course of his remarks, speaks of calling Sena-
tors from the other end of the^ Capitol to aid
in getting this bill through. I believe Senators
have a right to come upon this floor at any time
they see fit.
The SPEAKER. Senators have a right to
be present in the House at all times; but the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] of course
has the right to refer to their presence.
Mr. JULIAN. I am commenting upon their
acts after they come here, and not upon their
presence. Of course they have a right to come
here, and I claim the right to refer to their
business. The gentleman knows that I un-
derstand what California Senators have been
doing here, and every member upon this floor
knows it.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] is not
in order in referring to the conduct of any
member of the other House while upon this
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JULIAN. The Chair sustains that point
of order, and therefore I will refer to some
other officials. California surveyors 
Mr. HIGBY. I demand that the gentleman '
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] shall take his seat
until allowed to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not con-
sider the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Hale] to be a point
that requires the member called to order to
take his scat. That is only required when a
member is called to order for disorderly lan-
