2694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Government; but in organic legislation what-
ever is just and wise has the force of law. The
late President Lincoln, in speaking of recon-
struction, says:
"An attempt to guaranty and protect a revived
State government constructed in whole or in prepon-
derating part from the very element against .whose
hostility and violence it is to be protected is simply
absurd."
The present Chief Magistrate, too, speaking
out of the fullness and bitterness of his expe-
rience, said:
" But in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall restore and reestablish it? Shall the man
who gave his means and his influence to destroy the
Government? Is he to participate in the great work
of reorganization ? Shallhewho brought this misery
upon the State be permitted to control its destinies?
If this be so, then all this precious blood of our brave
soldiers and officers, so freely poured out, will have
been wantonly spilled; all the glorious victories won
by our noble armies will go for naught, and all the
battle-fields which have been sown with dead heroes
during the rebellion will have been made memorable
in vain. Why all this carnage and devastation ? It
was that treason might be put down and traitors pun-
ished. Therefore I say that traitors should take a
back seat in the work of restoration. If there be but
five thousand men in Tennessee loyal to the Consti-
tution, loyal to freedom, loyal to justice, these true
and faithful men should control the work of reorgani-
zation and reformation absolutely. I say that the
traitor has ceased to be a citizen, and in joining the
rebellion has become a public enemy. He forfeited
his right to vote with loyal men when he renounced
his citizenship and sought to destroy our Govern-
ment."
The bill reported by the committee proposes
the temporary disfranchisement of rebels, while
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts provides for a system of suffrage
which shall include all males above the age of
twenty-one. These two measures fairly involve
a discussion of the grounds and the policy of
suffrage.
The theory has been advanced that the fam-
ily is the unit of society and the rightful source
of political power. This, though beautiful as
an abstraction, does not, I apprehend, solve
the problem of suffrage. If the right to vote
springs from the family relations, how many
votes'shall the family cast? If but one, who
shall cast it? Do you say the father, who is
the natural representative and defender of the
family? But suppose the father is superannu-
ated and feeble, would he be called upon in an
emergency to shoulder his staff, when stagger-
ing under the weight of eighty years, to defend
either his family or his country ? Would not
his stalwart but unmarried son, sustained and
impelled by the vigor of thirty summers, rather
he summoned to stand in the breach when the
rights and privileges of either his family or the
State are invaded? As, under such circum-
stances, the son would more ably defend, so
would he not more safely exercise the suffrage
of the family than the father? But the theory
deprives him of the privilege and the State of
the advantage of a vote. If, now, all the fam-
ily but this son were cut off, and he left alone,
is he still to bo deprived of all political rights
till he becomes the head of a family? Would
not this be a limitation rather than an extension
of the precious privilege of suffrage, and tend
to transfer the sovereignty of the majority to
an aristocratic minority?
Suppose, again, the head of the family is a
Mormon, and the husband of a score of wives :
is_ the political power of twenty families to be
given to the saintly patriarch of Utah? Sir,
such a policy would turn the current of history,
swiftly flowing into civil freedom, backward
toward the patriarchy of the infant world. I
dismiss the theory, and turn to one more plau-
sible though equally fallacious. I refer to the
dogma that suffrage is an inalienable natural
right.
Now, sir, I contend that it is not a natural
right at all. It does not exist in a state of
nati re, but is created by the organization of
civil society. It is the method by which the
ultimate sovereignty of the people is expressed
in the administration of government, and hence
is purely a political right. Voting is not an end
but a means, and should be extended or lim-
ited according as the one or the other will best
subserve the ends for which Governments are
made. In a republic the privilege should be
as near universal as the well-being of society
and the perpetuity of government will allow.
The axiom of political equality, and the dogma
that all just powers of government are derived
from the consent of the governed, which we
have laid in the foundations of our civil insti-
tutions, forbid any restriction upon suffrage,
except when overridden by the higher law of
public safety. This is the only and sufficient
justification for withholding the privilege from
aliens, minors, and females. Properly speak-
ing, any conditions of suffrage in the nature
of personal qualifications, made for the public
good, are not restrictions, and can only become
such when individuals fail to reach the stand-
ard which their own good and the welfare of
society demands. This is self-exclusion from
a full participation in the privileges of free-
men for which the Government should not bs
held responsible. Rational liberty is the off-
spring of law, and must be maintained by law.
But law in a free Government -is an expression
of national sentiment, and can only be exe-
cuted when in accord with the public mind. I
do not mean in accord with the views and
wishes of all men, or sections even—for then
it might not be a "terror to evil doers"—but
with the prevailing sentiment of the people.
It is essential, therefore, for the preservation
of liberty, that the law should embody intelli-
gence and virtue of a high order. Republics
are the latest and the best results of an ad-
vanced civilization, and are the civil forms in
which the will and ideas of those for whom and
by whom Governments are established have
sought the highest condition of man. Butwere
you to establish a republic among the unthink-
ing and unrestrained barbarians of the South
Sea islands, it would be subverted before a
twelvemonth. A savage people cannot be a
free, self-governing people. Where the pas-
sions of men are not under the restraint of
the developed reason and conscience, they will
not be a law unto themselves, but must be re-
strained by force. Transport to our shores ten
million corrupt and ignorant Chinamen, a thing
by no means impossible, and give them unlim-
ited suffrage, and straightway your institutions
would be subjected to radical and essential
changes, if not to complete subversion.
For these, among other reasons, I hold that
the question of suffrage is not to be determined
by an appeal to our original rights, but by a
consideration of its probable effects upon the
public welfare and the perpetuity of the Gov-
ernment. This I contend for, not because I
wish to exclude freedmen from the baliot-box,
but because I would trace our political privi-
leges to their true source. I would place upon
defensible and impregnable grounds the exclu-
sion of amnestied but unrepentant rebels from
any part or lot in the work of reconstructing
the Union, shattered bytheir hands, and which
they are still anxious to destroy. We have no
right to exclude any man from the privilege of
suffrage unconditionally, but we have the same
right and are under the same obligation to
require of him for its exercise those conditions
of intelligence and virtue without which repub-
lics cannot exist, as we have to make prepara-
tion and fitness a prerequisite for the discharge
of official and ministerial duties. This is de-
manded of us by all the force of our obligations
to preserve and perpetuate good government.
The political axiom that taxation and repre-
sentation are correlative rights, which the fathers
laid down in justification of their act of revo-
lution, has been reiterated here and elsewhere
as an irrefutable defense of universal suffrage.
But the argument is false in philosophy and
defective in logic. It assumes that suffrage
should be as universal as representation, which
is the very question at issue. Taxation does
not necessarily carry with it the right to vote.
Men may be required to pay taxes for the sup-
port of a Government which protects them in
the enjoyment of their civil rights, even where
public safety requires a restriction of their
political rights. This holds in the case of fe-
males and aliens, and may be applied with
even greater force to native-born citizens who
have been in arms against their Government.
Ignorance may exclude from the ballot-box,
but treason must. Whether the entire adult
male population made free by the proclamation
of January 1,1863, and by the late amendment
of the Constitution, numbering some seven
hundred thousand, shall at once be admitted
to the full enjoyment of all the political privi-
leges of American citizens or not, is simply and
solely a question of political well-being. A
deprivation of civil rights is a defeat of the
ends for which Governments are organized,
and is an abuse of power, but a Government
based upon political equality presupposes a
degree of intelligence and virtue, and hence
may properly demand the qualifications essen-
tial to its own existence in those who exercise
its privileges.
We cannot settle the question of suffrage
by reference to abstractions. Civil institu-
tions are not a creation of the pure reason, but
are an outgrowth of the experience of ages,
and must be maintained by practical wisdom;
but it is beset with difficulties. Free .Govern-
ments are impossible among uncivilized peo-
ples. When the masses are but partially or
viciously educated, as in South America and
Mexico, and even in parts of Europe, they have
but a precarious and fitful existence. Then,
an addition to the existing body of electors,
of seven hundred thousand men wholly desti-
tute of mental discipline and a practical knowl-
edge of affairs, if not fatal to free government,
might render it undesirable. But here, where
the great majority of the people are under the
restraints of a Christian education, we have a
reserve of conservative power, which would
seem to be abundantly able to counteract any
dangerous tendencies resulting from such an
increase. It may be more safe to give them
the privilege to vote than to leave them like
the pent-up fourth estate in Europe, a discon-
tented and factious force under the State, per-
petually seeking to redress its real or imaginary
wrongs by mobs and revolutions. Every Brit-
ish ministry for half a century has been obliged
to protect, itself against this class of the popu-
lation, by holding an army in one hand and a
reform bill in the other.
The fact that the freedmen are concentrated
at the South throws some doubt and perplexity
into the problem. If they were scattered over
the whole country the gift of suffrage to this
people would not hazard or materially affect
any State or national interest whatsoever. The
whole body is less than the number of foreign-
ers naturalized every ten years, and would con-
stitute but one seventh of the entire voting pop-
ulation of the country. A Government which
has sufficient power of assimilation to maintain
its character and its stability against the igno-
rance and prejudice brought in by an annual
increase of the foreign vote of a hundred thou-
sand need not entertain an apprehension of
evil to result from the vote of seven hundred
thousand natives who have been taught the vir-
tue of self-restraint and the value of liberty in
the school of oppression. There can be but
little danger from a race so docile and apt to
learn. We should bearin mind, too, thatthough
themselves enslaved, they have grown up in
the midst of free institutions and have had the
moral discipline of suffering. Remember, also,
what unswerving loyalty they exhibited in the
darkest, and most hopeless hour of the war,
when the pampered children of the Republic
had yielded to the sorcery of treason and gone
into a foul revolt against liberty and the Gov-
ernmentof their fathers. With what incorrupt-
ible fidelity they fed and guided through all
snares and dangers our starving soldiers escap-
ing from the infernal lazaretto of a power which
renounced alike the laws of war and the in-
stincts of humanity. With what alacrity they
leaped into the bloody arena when the hazard
of life was made the price of their liberty.
With what dauntless heroism they fought and
fell, side by side with the bravest and manliest
of the land, for the integrity of a Government
which had been to them the house of bondage.
Why, sir, these despised chattels of the traitor-
