1734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
be some limitation in regard to the time for
commcncing the work, but there is no forfeit-
ure if they do not fulfill it. If there is a limita-
tion. will the Senator from Ohio point me to it.
Mr. WADE. No; there is no limitation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there no limitation
about the beginning of the work?
Mr. CLAliK. Neither the beginning nor
end nor middle. It is a grant of this property
to them for the purpose of doing this thing,
without the survey of a route, without specifi-
cation of the time when they shall begin or
specification of the time when they shall end
or ever doing it at all. It seems to me all these
thitfgs ought to be provided for. I am ready
to aid the Senator from Ohio in perfecting this
bill, if I can. I do not desire to throw any
obstruction in his way or the way of the public
in getting rid of this nuisance. Whether this
is the best way of doing it, I am not prepared
to say. I should rather hear the report of the
engineers, if any have been appointed to make
a survey, as to what they think best in regard
to it. I know very little about it myself. I
only desire to secure to the public a fair equiv-
alent for what we grant.
Mr. CONNESS. The object of the resolu-
tion that passed the Senate, as I understood it
when it passed, and the board of engineers ap-
pointed under it, was to get action if possible
before the summer months in reference to the
foul condition of this canal. I do not know
whether the action now being taken by that
board of engineers will give us that result this
year. If it can result in that, it will certainly"
prove that we have taken a very wise step. I
doubt, however, whether there will be any prac-
tical results arising from that action this year.
The main purpose of this bill, I desire to say,
seems to me to be a very good one, that of so
deepening this canal as to make it a thorough
means of sewerage to this city, and also pass-
ing a stream of fresh water through it; but it
is apparent to my mind, from what has been
said and from the observations I have made of
the case myself, that the bill will have to be
recommitted and reconsidered before it is in a
condition to be passed. I believe that a grant
to a corporation of this canal, holding them
bound to a strict performance of the conditions,
is really the wisest disposition that can be made
of it. The control of the canal, as it has ex-
isted between the Congress of the United States
and the corporate authorities of the city of
Washington for a great many years, has evi-
dently resulted in nothing but neglect and the
worst of the conditions that follow neglect. If
placed in the hands of a corporation, under
proper restrictions and upon proper conditions,
requiring them to execute what will be neces-
sary to the complete establishment and carrying
out of the plan, I think it will be a wise meas-
ure, indeed, to pass.
As to the question raised by the Senator
from New Hampshire in regard to private and
public property, I do not see anything in that.
There is a great difference between private and
public property. Private property is always
subject to be condemned and taken for public
uses, while public property belonging to the
United States is always devoted to public uses,
and may not bo taken. It is subject to grant,
it is^ true, but it is already devoted to public
service and may not be taken.
But there is an additional reason why care
should be taken in regard to this grant that is
now being made. You are granting corporate
rights to a company within the jurisdiction of
another corporation—the corporation of this
city—and the bill should be so carefully guarded
as to give rise to no conflict of rights or privi-
leges or control as between the two corpora-
tions. The city should always have the right,
without let or hinderance, and at the same time
without unnecessary damage or interference
with this corporation, to control the sewerage,
and to use the canal to that end and for that
purpose. That is not clearly expressed in the
bill as it now stands. It appears to me that it
should be recommitted and subjected to a very
carefal examination. The design of the bill,
I think, is a good one, and I should like to see
it carried out. I hesitate to make a motion to
recommit because the bill is not in my charge,
but I think that would be the best plan, to
recommit it and let the subject be fully consid-
ered.
Mr. WILLEY. I believe myself that the
bill is in a very imperfect form; at least it
might be made more explicit in many parts,
and put into much better form. In regard to
the object contemplated by the bill, I think
there can be but one opinion. The canal in
its present condition is a very great nuisance,
it answers no good purpose whatever. It does
not accomplish the purpose designed by making
the canal, in the first place, so far as the trans-
portation of commerce fl concerned, and the
bringing of produce, coal, &c., into the city for
the convenience of the people; nor does it an-
swer the purpose of sewerage to any very con-
siderable extent; indeed, no just purpose of
sewerage at all. While it is the proper recep-
tacle of the city sewerage, it does not carry it
away; it remains there; it festers there; and
it will be the source of disease and pestilence
unless something be done. So far as I am con-
cerned, I think that something ought to be
done with this canal, and that speedily. Here
is a company which proposes, without any cost
whatever to the United States, to build a canal
from the Chesapeake and Ohio canal through
the city of Washington to the Anacostia river,
making it ten feet deep, obligating themselves
to keep it perfectly clear of all sediment and
deposits and to keep the tide constantly flow-
ing through it. If we had a work of that char-
acter through the city, it would evidently pro-
mote the convenience of the city in a great
many ways, and the health of the city by afford-
ing better sewerage than it now has.
Then it is a fact which has recently come to
my knowledge, and which surprised me very
much, that the people of this city are pretty
much indebted for their coal to this canal; but
instead of having it extended from Georgetown
into the city, so as to have the coal deposited
upon the streets of the city, in a convenient
place, it has to be unshipped at Georgetown ;
it has to be thrown down the bank and brought
down in boats to the borders of the city, or
hauled by wagons into the city. It is so with
any other article of commerce. It is so with
flour ; it is so with bacon ; it is so with every-
thing that comes down the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, and the citizens of Washington are put
to great additional expense for the want of the
extension of this work.
As to the form of the bill for accomplishing
the purpose we have in view, in looking over
the bill last night I made divers and sundry
amendments, which I believe would meet
every one of the objections suggested by the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, or
at least they are designed to meet them. 1
myself, however, am of the opinion—and per-
haps the Senator from Ohio will agree with me
—that it had better be recommitted, and if that
meets the views of the Senate, we can then
amend the bill in the committee in such form
as wo see proper. I have divers and sundry
amendments marked upon the bill, which I will
mention now, unless it meets the view of the
Senators at this stage to have the bill recom-
mitted.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator has got his
amendments ready, and can perfect the bill
now, it had better be done now ; but if not, it
can be recommitted.
Mr. WILLEY. I have my amendments ready.
Mr. WADE. Very well, propose them then.
Mr. WILLEY. There is an amendment
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is upon the amendment reported from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, to
insert a new section as section twelve.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert, as section thirteen, the following:
Sec. 13. jind be it further enactcd, That nothing in
this act contained shall be held or deemod, in any
manner or way, to injure or impair any public or
private rights or interests, or in any manner to affeet
the same beyond the mere transfer of the rights of
the United States to said " Di^rict of Columbia
Canal and Sewerage Company."
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "private," in
the third line, the words " or corporate so
that it will read:
That nothing in this act contained shall be held or
deemed, in any manner or way, to injure or impair
any public or private or corporate rights or interests.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. WILLEY. In the twenty-second and
twenty-third lines of the first section, perhaps
there ought to be a little verbal amendment.
It now reads:
And upon its franchises, to borrow money, to nego-
tiate loans upon their franchises, bonds, mortgages,
or other securities.
I move to strike out the word "its" in the
twenty-second line and to insert the word
"their," so as to make the clause correspond.
We should have it either singular or plural.
Mr. CLARK. In a previous part of the sec-
tion the word " its" is used, and perhaps it had
better be changed to "its" all through the
section.
Mr. WILLEY. Then I will vary my motion
and move to strike out the word "their" in the
twenty-third line, before the word " franchise,"
and insert the word "its."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. In the second section, after
the word " branch," in the sixth line, I move
to strike out .the words "where it enters the
District of Columbia, running along said river
to its junction with the Potomac river, and the
Potomac river and," and in lieu thereof to
insert:
At a point near where it intersects the Potomac
river, thcnce to the nearest and most practicable point
of intersection with the present old canal now run-
ning through the eity of Washington, and thence in,
by, and wkh the said old canal through the corporate
limits of "Washington, and thence to.
So that the section will read:
That the said company is hereby authorized and
empowered to survey, locate, lay out, construct, op-
erate and use, and enjoy a continuous line of canal
and sewer, with all the privileges and appurtenances
thereof, between the waters of the Anacostia river,
commonly known as the Eastern branch, at a point
near where it intersects the Potomac river, thenceto
tli e nearest and most practicable point of intersection
with the present old canal now running through the
city of Washington, and thence in, by, and with the
said old canal through the corporate limits of the city
of Washington, and thence to the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal, at or near the city of Georgetown.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. In the twelfth line of the
second section I move to strike out the word
"that" at the beginning of the sentence, and
to insert the word "the;" so that it will read:
The said canal or sewer shall form a duct or depos-
itory for the sewers of the city of Washington.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a
mere verbal amendment and will be considered
as adopted.
Mr. WILLEY. I call the attention of the
Senator from Ohio to the clause in the second
section commencing at the fourteenth line,
where it says, "and said company shall have
the exclusive right to use said canal for the
purpose of conveying freights and regulating
the passage through the same of all vessels,
boats, rafts of lumber, and crafts of all kinds,
capable of navigating said canal and sewer,"
and ask him to compare it with the eleventh
section on page 9. That section reads as
follows:
That said canal and sewer, when completed, shall
forever thereafter be esteemed and taken to be a
public highway for the transportation of all goods,
commodities, or produce of every kind and descrip-
tion.
It seems to me there is an inconsistency here.
The clause in the second section gives to the
company "the exclusive right to use said canal
for the purpose of conveying freights and regu-
lating the passage through the same." The
other section makes it, as I think it ought to
be, a public highway for the transportation of
