254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
Ho. op Reps.
Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Gullom.
39th Gong*. .. .1st Sess.
We are in favor of giving to the several
States representation based upon the whole
number of persons, excluding Indians not
taxed; provided, that when the right to vote
is denied to any male inhabitants of the age
of twenty-one, and citizens, except for partici-
pation in rebellion or other crime, then the
basis of representation shall be reduced in pro-
portion as the number so denied bears to the
whole number of male ^citizens twenty-one
years old in the State. Is this section of the
amendment just and right? Are the peopie of
the loyal States ready to fold their arms and
admit these southern States again to repre-
sentation, and say this is no time to amend
the Constitution because the people have not
recovered from the excitement of the_ war,
while the immediate result of the rebellion is
to give them much more power in the Govern-
ment than they before enjoyed?
Sir, in the beginning of the war we often
heard the boastings of these southern men
that one southern man was equal to five men
in the North. Unless this amendment, which
we have sent to the States, shall be ratified
and become a part of the Constitution, it may
truthfully be said that one southern vote is
equal to two of the North. I am against
such unequal representation. If the South
should lose nothing in representation by her
rebellion, I surely do not desire her to gain.
But, sir, if the southern States do not desire
to be weakened in their representation in the
councils of the nation, they have the means of
giving themselves strength. South Carolina,
with a population composed largely more than
half of black persons, who are given no voice
in the Government, should not be permitted to
take her place again in the sisterhood, covered
all over as she is with secession, rebellion, and
crime against the country, with additional
members of Congress and presidential electors,
as the reward for the rebellion for which she is
prominently responsible, and which was inau-
gurated by South Carolina batteries firing upon
the starving garrison at Sumter.
But, sir, there are other interesting sections
in the amendment passed by this Congress.
The next section in the series provides that
no person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress or presidential elector, or hold any
office, civil or military, under the United States
or any State, who, having previously taken the
oath, as a member of Congress, officer of the
United States, member of the Legislature of
any State, or as a judicial officer of any State,
to support the Constitution of the United States,
shall have engaged in insurrection and rebel-
lion against the same, or given the enemies of
the Government any aid or comfort. Is this
not a just and righteous provision? Can it be
that there are any loyal people in this country,
now that we are passing out of the most terri-
ble struggle the world ever saw, who can oppose
such an amendment? The men who rebelled
against the Government and undertook to over-
throw it are all guilty of treason. By the laws
of the country, under the Constitution, a man
who commits such a crime is liable to the pun-
ishment of death. His liberty, his property,
and his life are all at the mercy of the Govern-
ment. Yet the nation passes over all this, calls
not upon the officers of the law to visit its pen-
alty upon them, except, perhaps, in a few cases,
but says to all that great army of rebels andall
those behind them aiding their cause in their
efforts to destroy the country, '' We will exer-
cise toward you a more than Christian charity
and will remit you to all your original rights,
unless before your rebellion you enjoyed the
special favors of the nation."
Sir, after some effort and much reflection we
have at last become hard-hearted and cruel
enough to say in this amendment to Davis and
Lee and Mason and Slidell and Harris and
Hampton and Beauregard and Johnston and
Pillow and Breckinridge and Toombs and Ste-
phens and a few more such men who turned
their backs upon the Government which had
during all their lives lavished favors upon
them, and upon which they had lived and
grown and fattened, that they could not here-
after hold any office, Federal or State. We
have said this, it is true, and for it we are said
to be illiberal. Sir, it is a degree of magna-
nimity unequaled in all time in any civilized
country on the globe. What cruelty these
radicals are perpetrating upon the devoted
heads of these leaders of the rebellion. These
men, mostof whom became gray with age, feed-
ing at the Government crib, and many of whom
should have been caught and tried, convicted
and hung, for their treason before they left
these Halls and other high positions of national
trust and honor at the beginning of the rebel-
lion. Cruel and ungenerous is the radical
party toward such men as these. Sir, if such
treatment of such men be cruelty, then we are
cruel. But, sir, as I hear these sickly pleas
in behalf of these leaders of the rebellion by
men in our own country, I almost wonder that
England and France, those virtuous allies of
the rebels, have not again raised their voices
against such ungenerous treatment of the peo-
ple whom they followed with such tender affec-
tion all through the war. These beloved friends
of theirs, whose cofl'ers were replenished by
British gold, whose arms wer? made in British
shops, and whose ships were built in British
dock-yards.
Sir, I rather guess that these neighbors,
these friendly neighbors of ouis, are a little
too busy now to give their attention to such
matters so far from home. I have heaid it
said that this is a world of checks and bal-
ances. I believe it, and it is well that it is.
A short time ago England was rejoicing as she
thought she read the. history of the destruction
of free government in the struggles through
which we as a nation were passing. Quickly
did she manifest an anxiety to recognize our
domestic enemies as belligerents and as a
separate nation, and to announce to the world
that the American Republic, founded as it was
and is upon the consent of the people, was a
failure. With an air of supercilious triumph
she trampled upon our rights, aided indirectly,
if not directly, our enemies, encouraged them
to continue the struggle, held out to them
promises of recognition, demanded from us
the possession of prominent rebels captured
on the sea, and did everything she dared to do
to embarrass us, burdened and oppressed and
struggling as we were to maintain our national
existence and freedom—she desired and ex-
pected to see us go down among the wreck of
nations. But, sir, we passed through the storm,
and now as the cloud of war thickens and
gathers over Europe, and as America stands
erect, having come out of the contest with the
stars and stripes waving over the whole land,
England may well exclaim, as she looks back
upon the past, oh, what a mistake we made in
not acting the part of an honorable nation
toward the young giant of the western world in
her master struggle against oppression. And.
sir, while England looks about her to catch
the first glimpse of the war clouds as they rise
in the political horizon, suddenly the silence is
broken by the announcement in her northern
British possessions that the Fenians are com-
ing, and their cry is, Liberty for Ireland, or
death to the oppressors of her downtrodden
sons!
Sir; oppression finds its enemies as well as
votaries all over the world, and recently the
people of Canada, that place where treason
nestled and where the schemes of murder and
arson to destroy our rulers and burn our cities
were concocted, were startled from their homes
to defend themselves for the wrongs inflicted
by their Government upon the sons of the Em-
erald Isle in years gone by—cheeks and bal-
ances. France, too, ruled by Napoleon III,
with an eye always lusting for power, when
the days of our Republic were almost dark as
the night, discovers that in that hour it was her
duty to collect from our little sister republic
of Mexico a claim, old, stale, imaginary, and
unadjusted as it was, and with that deceitful
pretense sends her imperial troops and lands
them upon our southern border, with a pitiless,
penniless, and bigoted adventurer, with the
regalia of a despot, at their head. Money and
debts were not the object of that expedition.
Napoleon, like England, believed he saw our
republic tottering to the fall, and while, as he
supposed, we went down, an empire should be
established upon our ruins. That empire is
not yet established. War is upon the people
in Europe. The American struggle is ended,
and Napoleon proclaims that ho will very soon
withdraw his troops, and trembles lest they get
kicked out before he can decently ship them
away.
But to return again to the consideration of
the proposed amendments. I believe them to
be eminently fair and just and subject only to
the objection that they are too liberal to the
offenders against the country. The last section
of the amendment declares the Federal debt of
the United States authorized by law, including
debts incurred for payment of pensions and
bounties for services in suppressing the rebel-
lion, inviolate, and prohibits either the nation
or the States from the payment either of any
debt or obligation incurred in aid of the rebel-
lion or any claim for emancipated slaves. The
trade and commerce and business of the country
demand this at our hands; our financial sta-
bility requires it; our credit requires it; and
justice to the men of labor and toil who fought
the battles of the country and conquered the
rebellion demand such guarantees as that the
nation may not in the future be borne down by
the load of rebel debts which might be placed
upon them unless they are cut off by the Con-
stitution of the country. I have given and shall
continue to give these proposed amendments
my support; they will soon, I trust, be ratified
by a sufficient number of States and become a
part of the great Magna Charta of the land.
They are preliminary to the full restoration of
the rebellious States to their political power in
the nation.
But we are told that those States will not
accept such amendments as a condition-pre-
cedent to their restoration to their practical
relations with the Government; whether this
be true I am unable to say, but, sir, viewing
them in the light of their own interest, which
I believe they now begin to see, I think they
will accept them as a just, liberal, and gen-
erous offer founded on justice and human-
ity, and not in malice and revenge. But we
hear it said that this is not the time to amend
the Constitution, while a part of the country
remains unrepresented. Sir, all that part of
the country is represented whose people helped
to save it in the late struggle. Whose busi-
ness is it to reconstruct this country? Who
should be consulted in regard to our duty here?
Shall the men who struggled to destroy the
temple of liberty be invited to dictate the man-
ner in which its battered walls shall be re-
paired? Or shall the patriotic men who gath-
ered around that temple and drove back the
enemies of liberty repair and beautify the
structure ill their own time and way, and, if
they so desire, place a new cap-stone thereon,
written upon its face the words akin to the
Declaration of Independence — ''the equal
rights of all men before the law, without
regard to religion, race, or color."
Sir, the situation is improving: the Govern-
ment is being established upon an enduring
basis, and the hopes of the future are bright-
ening as the star of justice rises above the po-
litical horizon. We are moving forward, and
the destinctive principle of our Government
stands out bolder and bolder every day as a
