1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE COFGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction Amendment, &:c.—Mr. Baker.
Ho. of Reps.
terror to tyrants and oppression. America
shal! be in fact what it has been in name, free
and independent; the home of the brave and
the land of the free. A nation to which the
oppressed of all countries may come and find
a free home for themselves and their children,
and become the peers of all the rest. Here
the German, whose patriotic heart yearns for
the largest liberty ; the Irishman, who has long
struggled against the iron heel of oppression;
the oppressed of all nations, may come and
contest with an "equal chance'' the proudest
American, to wealth, position, and the highest
honors a mighty people can bestow.
But. Mr. Speaker, other nations are being
stirred to their very center by the mighty mov-
ing of the people for equal rights. The rulers
of England and France and Austria and Prus-
sia are to-day wai clung the pulse of the people,
and as it beats stronger and stronger for equal
right',, the thrones of monarclis and despots
become more unstable, and in the interest of
humanity I say, God hasten their fall! The
world moves, and may we not hope that Amer-
ica will place herself first in the line, and in
her grand mare!) to wealth and power may the
oppressed of all nations gather around her
standard, and push on the army of liberty until
all (lie enemies of justice are subdued by the
convincing power and logic of truth and right.
But, Mr. Speaker, where are our enemies in
this eoniest? Sir, they have not yet left the
field, beaten as they have been ever since the
great struggle has been going on, yet they are
still vigilant and hopeful of final success—the
two wings of that great political anny, the
southern wing, under the command of Davis,
and the northern wing, under the command of
Yallandigham, are coming closer together, and
in the coming election these two great polit-
ical armies, one once beaten by the sword,
and the other often beaten by the ballot, are
to be thrown against the great political army
of the. Union in the hope that victory may yet
perch upon their banners. There will be, there
can be. as there has not been for the last four
years, but two great parties in this country,
ilea may talk, devise schemes, make plat-
forms, call conventions under whatever name
they plea.se, and organize third parties, but the
people will sweep them out of the way, and
believing that they are in the midst of that
same struggle for national existence and the
perpetuity of free institution^ they will move
forward in the support of the men and meas-
ures who will protect them from the power
of rebels and the reestablishuient of oppres-
sion.
This Government is either to remain in the
hands of the people whose views are reflected
by the votes and speeches of the majority in
this Congress, or it is to be handed over to the
people whose sentiments and political views
are reflected by Vallandigham, Seymour, Ste-
phens, and Lee. The same doubting, undecided
disposition existed in the ininds of many gjod
men during the war that exists now. As the
storms of opposition came upon the Union
party then from all quarters of the country,
faint-hearted men almost staggered in their
filth, and sometimes were ready to advise a
more amiable and tender policy on the part of
the Government toward the rebels and on the
question of slavery: but the Government, in
the hands of ihe Union party, kept right on,
neither turning to the light, nor left, until finally
the rebellion collapsed and the corner-stone of
its temple was lemoved. So let the Union
party continue to keep right on, neither turn-
ing the one, way or the other, but moving for-
waid in the right, and it will not be weakened
by faint-hearted men nor beaten by all its foes
combined, and will soon liavo accomplished
the great object of its mission, the salvation
of the Republic from all its domestic enemies
end its establishment upon the foundations of
justice, which shall guaranty its perpetuity for
ages yet to eome.
Reconstruction Amendment, and Future
Civil Policy of the Country.
SPEECH OF HON. JEHU BAKER,
of illinois,
Is the House of Representatives,
July 9, 186G.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, when I look
over this great land and think how immense
is its surface; when I consider its rivers, its
mountains, its lakes, its valleys and its plains,
all lying various and broad beneath a brighter
sky than overhangs the States of Europe, I
am filled with admiration of the beautiful and
grand material home which God has provided
for civilization in this western world.
When I reflect upon the prodigious mate-
rial work which man has already performed in
this new scene ; when I recall that within little
more than two centuries he has hewn down
the forests, and drained the swamps, and tun-
neled the mountains of a continent; when I
look at his great cities, almost equal to Paris,
London, or ancient Rome, and soon to be
greater than these ; when I contemplate his
ships going and coming over every sea upon
the planet; when I consider the dock-yards of
his commercial emporiums, burdened with a
commerce that dwarfs the old fame of Arad
and Tyre and Sidon; his fleets of deep-freighted
steamers swimming his broad rivers and beau-
tiful lakes; his fire-breathing steam ears, nu-
merous as an army, and running with their
long trains swift as the wind to and from every
point of the compass; the lightning messenger
of his thoughts, by which deep answers unto
deep, and the eastern speaks to the western
ocean; his immense agriculture, fructifying
with teeming abundance unbroken thousands
of miles of the most beautiful country the sun
shines on from heaven ; when I consider these
things, my admiration mounts yet higher, and
my love of country grows to a still deeper pas-
sion.
But, when I put aside all this natural beauty
and magnificence: when 1 close the eye of son^c
to all this grand, visible performance, wrought
out in so short a lime by the cunning hand of
our countrymen, and, with the eye of the mind
look in upon the great soul of the nation, and
consider what heroism, whatintelligence. what
high purpose is there—higher than all merely
selfish and material ends—then it is that my
love of country is profoundest; for then it is
that I realize the full measure of its greatness.
With all their limitations and their vices, with
all their still unenlighteud ignorance and uncon-
quered prejudices, in very truth the American
people are more distinctively a people, self-
conscious. self-thinking, self-acting, and aspir-
ing to higher and better realizations, than is to
be seen elsewhere on earth to-day, or found
recorded upon any the brightest page of human
history. 1 recur to this tact not in any spirit
of vain boasting, but in humble thankfulness
to God that He has set in this fair heritage a
people with such antecedents and advantages,
that it is theirs to lead the nations in their
weary battle-journey toward the humanities
which spring out of the true democratic idea.
Upon these great qualities of the popular
masses the American statesman must ever
rely in his contests with the American dema-
gogue. And in every case of urgent and pos-
itive necessity they can be relied upon with
implicit confidence. Thev have saved the coun-
try from two mighty perils, and they will save
it from a third. When slavery went about over-
throwing the great landmarks of 1 iberty. and
aspired to establish an absolute rule over the
nation in the civil sphere, the people hurled it
from power by the ballot. When next it took
the sword "to sever the Republic in half, the
people crushed it upon the battle-field and
wiped it from existence. And now, after the
great struggle of arms is over, after more than
half a million of patriot lives have perished in
the conflict, the people will see to it that every-
thing shall not be left at loose ends—unguarded,
insecure, and liable to relapse into another pub-
lic calamity—but that the basis of pacification
shall involve proper and just securities for the
future peace and Welfare of the country.
When the first peril came, the demagogue
advised the people to bow their necks and wear
the yoke of the slaveholder. The people
spurned the demagogue. When the second
peril came, the demagogue advised the people
to let the nation perish in peace, rather than
knock the rogues on the head who were seek-
ing its life. xVgain the people spurned the
demagogue. And now that the third peril is
upon us, the demagogue, ever true to his un-
worthy instincts, is trying to persuade the
people that their blood is as elieap as the soft
earth that drank it, and that they should take
to themselves no reliable guarantees that it
has not been poured out in vain! And once
more, so sure as God reigns and reason has
not forsaken this noble people, they will spurn
the demagogue!
After long, earnest, and laborious consider-
ation, this Congress, by very great majorities
in both Houses, has agreed upon a fundamen-
tal basis for the pacification and future security
of the Republic. As it was plainly necessary
that the nation, and not its late enemies, should
take iuto its own hands the keeping of its own
securities, itclearly resulted thatthegroat terms
of the arrangement should go into the Consti-
tution of the country. Accordingly, the plan
presented consists of a proposed amendment
of the Constitution, made up of five sections.
This amendment I regard as one of immense
value. Though it may not make our Constitu-
tion ideally perfect, or embrace all that many
desired, yet it is full of strong, practical, and
most valuable provisions; valuable for the safety
of the Republic, and valuable for the security
and future growth of liberty. On the whole,
I regard it as a very fair expression of the aver-
age sense and average culture of the groat popu-
lar mind of the country.
And I will say here, that as I apprehend it,
the growth of institutions and liberties in any
country is and must be but the forward move-
ment of this average sense and culture. In
the development of its civilization, the whole
of a national society, and especially of a dem-
ocratic society, must be looked at as one indi-
vidual organism, impelled by one aggregate life
force; from which it results that the social and
institutional progress of the community will
conform itself, not to the highest thought and
aspiration in the State, nor yet to the lowest,
but, as I have said, to the general average of
the whole mass.
This being one of the laws, higher than any
of human enactment, which governs the prog-
ress of nations and the growth of civilization,
every truly wise thinker, freighted though his
mind may be with darling conceptions which
he longs to see completely realized, will accept
it as a providential arrangement, content him-
self with adding one additional stone to the
edifice of ages, and thus contrive to keep his
soul in peace. The coral insect that is build-
ing a new continent in the western sea works
wiser than it knows, because its puny efforts
are guided by an infinite intelligence. Man
too. with all his intellect, works to ends other
and higher than he perceives, because the order,
consistence and upshot of his effort is fash-
ioned, not by him, but by that same infinite in-
telligence which is composing human history,
age after age, even as a poet composes a drama
—act after act, scene after scene.
3f in the working out of the grand finale of
human life on the earth, whatever that may b«,
progress seems slow, and the aspiring heart
sinks with sadness, we may remember with the
great Christian father, that God is patient, be-
cause He has all eternity to work in; and we
may gather some cheer from the reflection, that
