1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2695
ous chivalry grappled with their masters in the
deadliest breach, and fought with a firm and
desperate courage where bullet and shell made
wildest liavoe with your ranks, and their ashes
mingle with the dust of your noble dead from
the rivers to the sea and the Gulf. Have not
such deeds redeemed the race from dishonor
and distrust, and entitled them, not only to a
protection of their civil rights, but to an im-
partial enjoyment of the privileges of citizen-
ship? It seems to me, sir, to be a legitimate
result of the war, and as though to withhold it
would be a violation of the gratitude, the honor,
and the plighted faith of the Republic.
But, sir, 1 would not insist upon my views
or make my convictions an obstruction to the
restoration of a cordial union and fraternal
intercourse with the South. We must ask noth-
ing more, we must accept nothing less than
what is necessary to the future peace and safety
of the country. The suffrage of colored men,
though limited by intelligence and military ser-
vice, would undoubtedly be offensive and hu-
miliating to the South, for it would conflict
with pride of caste and with settled convic-
tions that political subordination is the divinely
appointed condition of black men. It is idle
for us to expect that legislation or victories
will supplant the inveterate prejudices of a
century.
Time is an important element in moral tri-
umphs, for the progress of ideas in general
society is slow. But we have a right to insist,
both as conquerors and the friends of freedom,
that theories that have covered the land with
shame and sorrow and well-nigh wrecked the
Government shall nowhere again take forms
of law or turn our legislative halls into the
arenas of discord and passion.
We have been told that the appearance of
the freedmen at the polls would be the signal for
an indiscriminate war of extermination, and
in the next breath that it would enhance the
political power of their former masters. If,
now, the desire of the South to realize both of
these objects did not neutralize their efforts for
either, the past is an assurance that the power
of the Government would be ample to crush
sedition, while the untarnished record of the
negro during the war and his quiet but earnest
pursuit of knowledge and the legitimate fruits
of industry now, are to us a pledge of his future
loyalty to liberty.
Thesouthern argument that the ballotshould
be withheld on account of race or color rests
in unalloyed prejudice, which has grown up
from a false education and a vicious social sys-
tem. It is indefensible on any principles of
human nature or sound logic. A reference to
facts and history shows abundantly that there is
no natural repugnance between races or colors.
What is sometimes regarded as such is only a
false class pride, made obstinate by long-con-
tinued, artificial, and enforced distinctions in
social condition, which becomes obvious and
palpable when the races are bronght together
upon a common level of political equality.
Why, sir, these sticklers for an incompati-
bility of race, if you will but perpetuate the
inequality and wrong of a barbarous age, will
mix and circulate freely and gladly in this wide
mosaic of society, and even mingle their blood
till all the nice distinctions of color are blended
and lost in a universal smut of the cuticle.
These puerile conceits which we have been
wont to hear pronounced with solemn and
assured gravity by politicians of the southern
school will soon follow into obscurity or con-
tempt the outrage and wrong in which they were
engendered—'"Opinionum commcntadclct dies,
naturae judicia confirmat.''
But the paramount argument for a system of
suffrage which shall admit freedmen and ex-
clude rebels from the franchise of the ballot is
the necessity of securing at the South a party
whose loyalty is unimpeachable, to renew and
maintain municipal governments in the insur-
gent States, true to the principles which have
prevailed in the late struggle of arms. This
will be specially imperative, if we adopt the
theory of the Executive, that these States are
still in the Union. My own opinion has been
that our condition was without precedent, either
in our own or foreign history, and that the
theory of reconstruction which was most direct
and simple, and which could receive the gen-
eral and cordial support of the people, provided
it was in the interest of impartial rights, was
most legitimate, and should shape the policy
of the Administration.
We have just emerged, sir, from a grand
revolution. The principles involved, and which
have gained the final mastery, have no less
intrinsic value and are not less vital to the
welfare of those who shall enter into our labors
than were those for which our fathers staked
their lives, and for the transmission of which
they renounced the whole proud inheritance of
the fatherland and built anew the fabric of
civil government. Is there any "powerful
charm '' in the wizard past which should hold
this generation spell-bound? Our responsi-
bilities to the future are not less than were those
of the past to us. The authority of legal maxims
and venerated parchments is not so high as the
cry of justice and the demands of public safety.
Sir, we are under a covenant of blood to the
loyal dead and the loyal living and to their
children after them to see lhat what the people
have gained in the field is not lost in the forum.
We cannot shirk this grave responsibility under
the pretext of public necessitj', and be guilt-
less. The people will hold us in the discharge
of our solemn obligations. The divine law
does not require us to do equal justice to
" whitemen, but to all men : and if we can-
not find the statute upon the tables of the law-
givers, we may find it written upon the heart
by Him who "hath made of one blood all
nations of men for to dwell on all the face of
the earth."
We cannot afford to lose time in restoring
the rebel States to the full exercise of their
functions in the Federal Government. The
ITnion cannot long He asunder in time of peace.
There is a silent, irresistible force in the tide
of events, a recuperative power in the great
industries of the country, stronger than polit-
ical parties, which will enforce an early reor-
ganization of these States. If we do not adopt
some just and feasible plan for the reconstruc-
tion of the disorganized South, the people will
reconstruct this House. Nothing should be
done in a spirit of exasperation and revenge.
The safety of the Eepublic and the cause of
national liberty alone should dictate terms.
The freedom of all must be "maintained," and
the peace and security of the Government as-
sured by retaining it in the hands of its friends.
But while we battle with an inflexible wifl for
the realization of these indispensable condi-
tions of reunion, we shall do well to bear in
mind that in bringing back eleven great States
to their allegiance we cannot secure full and
exact justice as in the ordinary administration
of law ; that retaliation, if possible, would not
restore our treasure or bring back o'ur dead,
and that time, which obliterates the trenches of
war, will soften our sense of wrong and take
something from the severity of our demands.
Practical statesmanship to-day does not con-
sist in determining what we would do if we
could, but what we can do if we will, and then
in doing it. Let me not be understood as pal-
liating the guilt or counseling a feeble dispen-
sation of justice to the master spirits who raised
and directed this storm of blood. To-day they
are building the tombs of dead traitors, and
inciting the rabble to the red-handed work of
negro extermination. They are attempting, by
processions, songs, and eulogies to corrupt the
current of history and redeem from eternal
infamy the memory of their comrades in per-
jury, murder, and treason. These things must
cease. We must have but one history, and our
monuments must teach the wisdom and glory
of loyalty. It cannot be otherwise than that
the latest and most resplendent chapter in our
national records, the statutes of the last half
decade, and the next; the very tribute which
industry casts into the public treasury ; nay.
that the prevailing sentiments and familiar
speech of the loyal country should be a bitter
and perpetual reproach to these men. Would
you, then, place them here to baffle legislation,
where every debate would be to them as terri-
ble as the fiery tracery upon his palace walls to
the doomed monarch of Babylon ? Place them
here and you make this place a bedlam to us
and an inferno to them. Bitter dissensions
would constantly arise, which would finally dis-
member and ruin the Republic. Once within
these walls their purpose would find fit expres-
sion in the language of Beelzebub to the infer-
nal council:
"Untamed reluctance and revenge, though slow,
Yet ever plotting how the conqueror least
Mayreap his conquest, and raay least rejoice
In doing what we most in suffering feel."
It is an indispensable condition of peace to
both North and South that the guilty authors
of the war, whose pridef and passions would
rankle with the shame of defeat, should be
forced into obscurity where they will be stripped
of the prestige of distinction and the power of
place.
Our policy should be to punish the leaders,
but to elevate and inspire with confidence the
masses who have been cheated or forced into
rebellion. We should no longer bandy the
epithets of "fanatical Yankee" and "southern
tyrant," nor nurse sectional animosities and
prejudices as groundless as the childish senti-
ment the poet has. cast into the pleasant epi-
gram :
"I do not love you. Dr. Fell,
The reason why I cannot tell,
But this alone X know full well,
I do not love you, Dr. Fell."
While we should shrink from no duty, and
shirk no responsibility which the safety and
welfare of the country demand, our abiding
aspiration and effort should be to lay wide
open the channels of trade and intercourse
between the North and South, and to bind
the two sections together by the bonds of mu-
tual interest, and the yet stronger ties of com-
mon ideas and common patriotism. If we are
to be one people, the deep, dark chasm which
has opened in our history, which puzzles the
skill of the wisest, must be spanned by frank
and manly concessions and a mutual forbear-
ance until the growth of other times shall have
obliterated the horrid breach. The men who
have trodden the paths of war. and whose graves
lie thick and beautiful on southern plains, as
the stars that keep watch in the deep vault of
heaven; the heroes who survive and the heroes
who went down in the rage and wrath of battle,
like grass in the swath of the mower ; they who
at New Orleans and at Mobile, with rudder set
and sails spread to the breeze, sailed as into
the very mouth of hell, and brought forth the
twin demons of treason and bondage to the
light of justice and liberty, have made it impos-
sible that a slave should ever again crouch and
tremble beneath the flag of the Eepublic. To
us belongs the duty of assuring the safety and
perpetuity of the Union. Let us do our work
in the spirit of Christian charity, and in our
admiration of men of noble natures and heroic
mold, who dared to stand like heroes at the
threshold of their homes, and to fall like men
at their hearth-stones, in defense of a bad and
wicked cause, let us forget our wrongs and fos-
ter a spirit of patriotism and of brotherhood,
which shall embrace every State and every
citizen in our broad and sea-girt domain, rich
in its mountains and rich in its plains, blessed
in its climates and blessed in its peoples.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, it is known, at
least by my-eonstituents. that I was not a sup-
porter of the last Administration, and did not
cast my vote for the election of the present
incumbent of the presidential chair: nor have
I any retractions to make or apologies to ofl'er
for such opposition. Educated in the princi-
ples of the Democratic party, wiih an abiding
faith in their correctness, I cheerfully gave my
aid to the election of its chosen standard-bear-
ers. thinking it the best and safest policy to in-
trust in its keeping the destinies of the country;
nor have these opinions been shaken by sub-
sequent events, but confirmed. I thought that
