1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
recommending an appropriation toward pro-
viding for the compensation of a diplomatic
agent of the United States at the Dominican
republic, reported a bill (S. No. 130) to au-
thorize the President of the United States to
appoint a diplomatic representative to the re-
public of Dominica; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Sir. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
tliat the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 80) making appropriation for
the payment of invalid and other pensions for
the year ending the 80th of June, 1807.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 17) directing the distri-
bution of the writings of James Madison; and
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 25) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Vice Admiral David
G. Farragut, and to the officers, petty officers,
"mum. and marines under his command, for
their gallantry and good conduct in the action
in Mobile bay on the 5th of August, 1804.
ENROLLED BILLS SiGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which were thereupon signed by
the President ]yn> tempore.
A bill (II. H.. No. 80) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1-S07, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending the 30th of June, 1806.
A bill (II. R. No. 143) for the relief of
Charles P. Anderson.
llEt'EIUSACU OF PAPERS.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Nevada in favor of
a grant of lands and money to aid in the con-
struction of the San Francisco and Washoe
railroad ami the Placerville and Sacramento
railroad, which were presented on the 81st of
January, be taken up and referred to the Com-
mit Le? on Public Lands, bills for that purpose
being before that committee, introduced since
that period.
The motion was agreed to.
"Kir. CHANDLER. I move that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands be excused from the
further consideration of the bill (S. No. 129) for
the relief of the heirs of James Bawden, which
I presented yesterday? and that it go, together
with the papers in the case, to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY SUPPLIES IN DISLOYAL STATES.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Revolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary are
hereby instructed to inquire into the justice and ex-
pediency of making f j! ovNiuit iiy law for the auditing
:md p.tymerd oi i lie claims of loyul citi'/eos of the States
lately in rebellion for quartermasters' stores or for sub-
sistence actually furnished to the Army of the United
State::, and receipted lbrhy theproper officers receiv-
ing the same, or which may have been taken by snch
officers without diviner such receipt, so as to place said
claims on an equal footin? witlithe same chai aetcr of
claims for stores and subsistence furnished by loyal
citizens of States not in rebellion as provided in an ;
act of Congress entitled "An act to restrict the juris- ;
diction ol the Oouit ot Claims, and to provide for the j
payment of certain demands tor quartermasters' stores i
and subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States," approved July-1, lSi-1.
I ask the indulgence of the Senate for a mo-
ment or two while I submit a few remarks in
relation to this resolution. It may perhaps be
within the recollection of the Senate that some
time ago I introduced a bill amending the act i
named in the resolution, which bill was referred J
to the Committee on Military Affairs. That j
bill, in its second section, reads as follows: |
St.e. 1. A ad be it furlhri eiuictcl, That all claims ot j
loyal citizens for quartermasters' stores actually lur-
nishedtotheArmyof theUnitcdStates. andreceipted j
for by the proper oiheer receiving the same, orwhich j
roav have been taken by such officers without giving '
such receipt, maybe submitted to the Quartermaster
General at the United States, accompanied with such
proofs as each claimant can presentof the faetsinhis
case; and it shall be the duty of the Quartermaster
General to cause such claim to be examined, and, if
convinced that it is just, and of the loyalty of the
claimant, and that the stores have been actually re-
ceived or taken for the use of and used by said Army,
then to report each case to the Third Auditor of the
Treasury, with a recommendation for settlement.
The third section of that bill was iiithe same
words, except that it referred proofs of claims
for subsistence supplies to the Commissary
General. That committee, I perceive, has re-
ported that bill back to the Senate adversely ;
and, as I understand, one of the controlling
reasons influencing that committee in that
determination was the fact that lliey supposed
such claims would be so numerous as to impose
a duty upon the officers specified in the bill so
onerous that they could not satisfactorily dis-
charge it; that at least it would interfere with
the various duties already imposed upon those
officers.
I hope, Mr. President, that no other reason
constrained the committee to come to that con-
clusion ; for, allow me to ask in a very few
words, why the claim of a loyal man in a dis-
lojtel State for quartermasters' stores or sub-
sistence supplies actually furnished to the Army
of the United States, and actually used by the
Army of the United States, is upon any other
condition or in any other wise not equal in its
demands upon the justice of Congress to a sim-
ilar claim upon the part of a loyal citizen in a
loyal State? It is to be presumed that these
supplies were necessary, and the fact is, that
they were always given at a time when they
were peculiarly necessary. 'They were fur-.,
nished to our armies far away from the base
of supplies, where it was impossible to furnish
them with the necessary supplies from the loyal
States, and these loyal men were glad no doubt
to have an opportunity, when their eyes were
gladdened by the return of their old flag and
by the sight of the forces of tlie Union, to ren-
der the aid and assistance which these supplies
did actually give to the troops in our service.
I demand to know, sir, upon what principle of
justice or of propriety a loyal man coming to
Congress with such a claim for compensation
is to be rejected and his claim denied, when a
man no more loyal than he is from the loyal
States comes with his claim, and it is enter-
tained and paid? What is the justice in the
one ease that does not apply in the other?
What obligation is there resting upon Congress
fo pay for supplies actually furnished by a loyal
man in a loyal State, that does not apply with
equal, nay, sir, with greater force for the pay-
ment of supplies furnished by a loyal man in a
disloyal State?
Mr. President, have you ever seen—no, sir,
you have never seen—the loyal resident of a
disloyal State during the late four years of ter-
rible rebellion at his home surrounded by the
enemies that surround him. Secure in your
own northern home, surrounded by friends,
protected in the enjoyment of all your civil
rights by the laws which were in force around
you, you have never seen and you have never
felt the difficulties that surrounded the loyal
men amid the persecutions and fires of perse-
cution that afflicted them in the southern States.
Sir, the danger for you was to be disloj'al.
Loyalty in your States was cause of no disability
or detriment to your pursuits or to your inter-
ests. But how was it in the case of the men
who furnished the supplies referred to in the
resolution which I have had the honor to offer?
Look at the loyal men in a southern State in
their homes during these four years Of terrible
rebellion. Look at their condition. For the
nights of these long four years these men never
laid their heads upon their pillows, except
nndei terrible, apprehensions of personal vio-
lence before they awoke in the morning. Not
an hour came to them that did not bring with
it fears of distress and interruption in their pur-
suits. They never sowed knowing whether they
would reap the reward of their own toil, and
they never reaped with any assurance that they
were to enjoy the fruits of their own labor; and
worse than all this, and more difficult to be
endured was the fact that wherever they went
in the midst of those who had heretofore been
their friends, "the slow, unmoving finger of
scorn'' and contempt was pointed at them. And
yet in the midst of all these trials and difficul-
ties, when our forces occasionally found their
way to their homesteads, and they were glad-
dened by the sight of the flag of their fathers,
they willingly divided the small pittance that
rebel' oppression and rebel pillage and rebel
persecution had left to them with our forces.
They foraged our horses, they fed our famishing
soldiers ; and yet when they come here to ask
compensation from Congress for services ren-
dered under these circumstances, when they
come here from the midst of the desolation and
distress which their own loyalty to our flag has
brought upon themselves and families, not as
pensioners, not asking for the charity of Con-
gress,- but with a legal demand asking payment
for value received, they are spurned from the
Halls of Congress as if they were mendicants
or rebels. No wonder, sir, that the cry comes
from all over the southern States from Union
men, ''It were better for us if we had been
rebels, then our property would have been pro-
j teeted, then our houses would have been left
[ to us." But now when the war is over and
! victory has brought peace to us again, and
throughout the length and breadth of our coun-
try our flag is still floating in supremacy; when
they come under these circumstances, "they are
regarded in a light no better than the rebels
themselves.
Sir, do we expect to rally a Union party in
"the South if we thus treat the just demands of
the Union men? Is it any wonder that this cry
comes to Congress? Are these Union men to
be treated as rebels and no more? Is there
any less justice in the claims which they pre-
sent to Congress here for supplies actually fur-
nished in carrying on the war than in the claims
for supplies furnished by loyal men in the loyal
States? Is this justice? 1 understand that one
cause for reporting adversely to this bill was the
apprehension that the claims would be so nu-
merous and the burden of debt incurred would
be so great that, under the existing circum-
stances of the country, we could not well meet
the obligation. Sir, there is a great mistake in
regard to that matter. Unfortunately—yes, sir,
1 say unfortunately—the number of these claims
is but too small for the credit of the country:
but small or great, and whether the country is
able or unable, whatever may be its ability or
disability to meet these just claims, the coun-
try can better afford to meet them, at least to
assume the obligation to pay them at some time,
than it can afford to reject them.
Sir, the character of this country is worth
more than the few million dollars of debt that
would be incurred by a recognition of these
claims ; and allow me to say that in my humble
opinion, if the Congress of the United States
rejects them, it will affix a stain upon the na-
tional escu^pheon that no succession of years
will ever be able to wipe away, and when the
pen of the future historian writes the terrible
character of this rebellion, its work will not be
done ; the ingratitude of Congress to the loyal
men who have stood true to the flag daring all
these terrible years in the South will also de-
mand some black lines to be inscribed upon
the history of our country, in the chapter which
j shall record the incidents of this rebellion.
11 I trust that the Senate will allow this resolu-
l! lion to be referred, and I trust moreover that
j the Committee on the Judiciary will consider
j the matter, and will report some plan of relief
|; for these noble men, these noble Romans, these
| men whom no persecution, no distress, no scorn,
j! no contempt, no ostracism, nothing that the
|: ingenuity of malice and rebellion could invent
; to traduce and destroy them, could overcome
I tlieir fidelity to the flag, and they stand to-day
| as shining lights in a dark land, attesting their
j devotion to their country, and only asking that
i' their just demands on the Government nu;y be
ii placed on an equal footing with the same char-
!i aefer of demands on the other side of the line. -
