1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
all freights that anybody may bring upon it
■upon the payment of tolls and freights. It
strikes me that this clause in the second sec-
tion which I have just read after the word
"Washington," in the fourteenth line, down
to and including the word "sewer," in the
eighteenth line, ought to be stricken out, and
I make that suggestion to the honorable Senator.
Mr. WADE. I think that would be an im-
provement. There does seem to mc to be an
inconsistency between the two sections.
Mr. WILLEY. Then I move to strike out
the .clause commencing in the fourteenth line
of the second section in the following words:
And said company shall have the exclusive ri,"ht
to use said can.il lor the purpose of conveying freights
and regulating the passage through the same of all
vessels, boats, rafts of lumber, and crafts of all kinds,
capable of navigating said canal and sewer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I propose further to amend
the second scction by adding at the end of it
the following words:
And in ease the said company shall fail to keep said
canal and sewer in such repair, clear of sediment and
deposits as aforesaid, for three consecutive months,
tho franchise hereby granted to said company shall
be forfeited, and the rights and privileges hereby
granted shall revert to the United States.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
West Virginia that he had better incorporate
in that amendment a provision that they shall
comitience the work at such a time and have
it finished at such a time, so that we shall have
ot>ly one provision on that subject in the bill.
There ought to be a provision that they shall
commence the work by a certain time and have
it finished by such a time.
Mr. WJ LLEY. I have no objection to that,
if the Senator will suggest an addition.
Mr. CLARK. It requires a little time to
frame an amendment of that kind and I was
just turning my attention to it.
Mr. WILLEY. With the leave of the Sen-
ate, 1 will withdraw the amendment for the
present, and I hope flie Senator will perfect it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator who has reported this bill
to the twelfth and thirteenth sections, which
appear to be new ones. They may be right as
they stand, but they appear strange to my mind.
The twelfth section is in these words:
Snc. 12. And be it further rnartr.d, That in order to
aid the .said "District ol Columbia Canal and Sewer-
age Company" in fulfilling the obicets and require-
ments of this act, that all the right, title, propeity,
interests, and estate, in law or equity, of tho United
States of, in, and to the Washington canal and the
bridges crossing tho same, and the lands upon which
said canal, bridges, basins, locks, reservoirs, docks,
and wharves are now located, occupied, used, and
constructed, be, and the same arc hereby, ve.-tod in
the said " District, of Columbia Canal and Sewerage
Company," to have and to hold the same for the use
and benefit of the said company.
Why convey the bridges? You are required
to keep them open as public ^easements and
highways, and why convey to this company a
property in them? Why not let the property
in those bridges remain where it now is, in the
public? It appears to me to be a very ques-
tionable matter to grant to a company.
Mr. AVADE. 1 suppose the right to the
material should belong to the company. They
arc obliged by the bill itself to keep up these
bridges across the roads as they are now; but
it was really designed that the bridges should
pass to them, for they are useless for any other
purpose than to be used for the company, who
are compelled to keep them up for the public
convenience.
Mr. CONNESS. The next section provides—
That nothing in this act contained shall be held or
deemed, in any manner or way, to injure or impair
any public or private or corporate rights or interests.
The question is whether that is a sufficient
protection against an exclusive control of those
bridges.
Mr. WADE. Of course they will keep the
bridges up in their own way. ^ They are to be
kept up for the public convenience, and if they
should fail to do so, of course they will be
liable for any damage that may accrue in con-
sequence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my colleague
■what section of the bill imposes on them the
duty of keeping up the bridges?
Mr. GRIMES. The seventh.
Mr. CONNESS. The control overthe tolls
is in the eighth section, but that refers to the
canal, I presume.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate,
in Committee of the Whole, have adopted the
twelfth section, and it is not in order to amend
it now. ft can be amended in the Senate,
when the bill is reported to tho Senate.
Mr. WADE. I have a few verbal amend-
ments that I wish to offer to perfect the bill
before it passes out of committee. There are
some verbal alterations necessary in the names
of tho corporators mentioned in tho first sec-
tion. The name "John Van Iteswick,'' in the
third line of the first section, should be "John
Van Riswick."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. WADE. In tho sixth line of the first
section, after the words "New Orleans," I
move to insert the words " William H. Noble,
of Minnesota."
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. In the seventh line of the
first section, the name "Martin H. Cossell"
should be "Martin H. Cassell."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will bo made.
Mr. GRIMES. The argument that is urged
in favor of the passage of this bill is, that it is
necessary that something should be adopted as
a sanitary measure. I should like to know l'rom
the Senator from Ohio how soon he supposes
this canal will be completed under the provis-
ions of this bill.
Mr. WADE. I suppose I can answer that.
I understand tho gentlemen who have charge
of this work to say that if they get the right to
do this work, they are willing to bind them-
selves—and perhaps we had better make them
bind themselves—that within three weeks after
we pass the bill they will put a current of
water through the canal that will answer all
the sanitary purposes. They say they will fill
it with fresh water from the upper Potomac
within three weeks after tho passage of tho
bill, and then they intend in another season to
complete the work. They do not expect to do
it short of that. I am willing to insert a pro-
vision in the bill binding them to do that within
that time. They will do immediately what we
want done, for sanitary purposes ; they will fill
the canal with a current of fresh water right
away.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt the gentle-
men who are seeking this charter will make
very fair promises; but the question is, not
what do they promise now, but what does the
bill require them to do. By reference to the
tenth section of the bill it will be seen that it
provides:
That the said comna,nvshall, as soon aspractieable
after tho passage ol' this act, commence work upon
said canal—
They of course being tho parties to deter-
mine whether it is practicable to commence at
once or not—•
and shall, within eight months after said company
shall have acquired by condemnation or purcha°o
the right of way for said canal, fully complete the
same.
They are required to complete it within eight
months after they have condemned the last
portion of the property; but it is left entirely
within their own control to determine whether
they will condemn that property this year, or
fifteen years hence.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the sixth section. It will be ob-
served that according to this section there is
no limitation whatever upon the amount ot
real estate or other property that this company
is authorized to own. Just as much as the
company themselves deem necessary they are
entitled to hold, neither more nor less. Is the
Senate prepared to intrust such an authority
as that to this corporation? This section pro-
vides—
That said company is hereby authorized and em-
powered to purchase, lease, receive, and hold real
estate, and any otherproperty which shall bodeemed
necessary for tho use of said company.
Who deems it necessary? The corporation.
There is no limitation whatever upon it.
Mr. WILLEY. I have got a limitation here.
Mr. GRIMES. I am happy to hear the
Senator from West Virginia say that he has
got a limitation upon that; but it strikes me
that these amendments had better be all done
in committee.
There is another question which I wish the
committee would investigate if the bill should
be recommitted, and that is, whether it is
proper or not for us to legislate at all on this
subject, unless there shall first be some under-
standing reached with the city of Washington
in regard to it. According to my recollection—
I am not fresh in my reading of the history of
the transaction in connection with this canal;
I once examined it, and I should like to be
able to refresh my recollection on that sub-
ject—when Maryland was about to construct
the Cumberland canal, the capitalists of Alex-
andria proposed to unite with the State of
Maryland, and have tho terminus of the canal
at Alexandria. That stimulated the people of
Washington to attempt to have aterminus here,
and in order to accomplish that purpose they
embarked the credit of the city to a largo
amount—ultimately I think it reached the
.amount of $5,000,000, and issued bonds for
it, which were sold to certain Holland capi-
talists. Tho interest on those bonds was not
paid, or the.principal was not paid at any rate,
when they matured. The Holland capitalists
threatened to foreclose on the city and sell it
out, and General Jackson, who was then Pres-
ident, sent down a message to Congress, rec-
ommending that Congress should assume the
payment of that debt; and I believe Congress
did pay that debt; but the United States never
acquired any title to the canal. The title,
therefore, still rests in the city.
Now, is it not advisable, if we are going to
create such a corporation as this, right in the
city, a corporation that is to have such apoten-
tial influence in the city in regard to sanitary
measures, that there should be some perfect
understanding between the corporation that we
propose to create and the city authorities on
the subject? I do not understand that the city
authorities have been consulted or that they
have given their assent, I understand that this
bill proceeds on the idea that this canal belongs
to the Government of the United States, and
not to the government of the city of Washing-
ton.
Mr. WADE. No, I do not proceed upon
that ground. I believe it does substantially be-
long to the Government, inasmuch as, from all
the investigation I have been able to make, the
Government has paid all the money for con-
structing it; but the legal title I suppose to be
vested in the city. The bill proceeds upon the
ground that if the city own jt in whole or in
part or have any interest in it, this corporation
must acquire that right cither by agreement
with tho city, or by the other mode of cpndem-
nation.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not understand that the
Senator controverts my proposition that the
legal title is in the city of Washington. Iknow
that when those bonds fell due, and the city
, government could not pay them, we stepped in
and paid them, but we did not thereby acquire
any title. That was a mere gift to the govern-
ment of the city of Washington. If the legal
title is in the city of Washington, it seems to
mo there ought to be some conference or some
acquiescence on the part of the city of W ash-
ington before we undertake to _legislate this
property out of their hands entirely. It is a
matter of a good deal of moment; it may be
of infinite moment. If it be, so necessary as
is alleged, I trust that there will be perfect
drainage, and^iiat perfect drainage can only be
secured by means of this eanal. I trust this bill
