672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. CLARK. I do not rise for the purpose |
of opposing the resolution of the Senator from !
West Virginia, but I desire to suggest to him |
that the better refcreuee would he the Com- j
mittee on Military Affairs, unless he has some j
particular preference in regard to committees, i
'Hie Committee on Military Affairs naturally
have more knowledge on this subject than the
Judiciary Committee, from their familiarity
with the business.
Mr. WiLLEY. Perhaps the Senator did not
hear me when I remarked that a bill for the
amendment of the law now existing, looking to
the accomplishment of this same object, has
already been referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and they have reported adversely,
and indeed 1 offered this resolution proposing
an inquiry by the Judiciary Committee, on the
suggestion of a member of the Military Com-
mittee. It is a matter altogether immaterial to
me to what committee it shall go; hut 1 hope
that to whatever committee the proposition
maybe reJbrred.it will command the approba-
tion of the committee, and that justice will be
done to the claims of these persons.
Air. DOOL1TTLE. "When this matter was
before the Military Committee it was referred
to me to look into as a member of the commit-
tee, and 1 made some inquiries on the subject.
The hill as proposed conferred upon the Quar-
termaster General and the Commissary Gen-
era! the power to hear and determine these
claims throughout not onhr the loyal States, as
they are Called, but the Stales wherein the re-
bellion had existed. From information which
1 received from the Commissary Genual and
the Quartermaster General, and also at the;
War Department. [ became satisfied that the
eases winch had already been thrown upon
those Departments. and upon which they have
been called on to act. have been ho embarrass-
ing and so numerous already that it was impos-
sible tor the officers at the head of those bu-
reaus to give their personal attention and upon
their personal responsibility to a<-mme the duty
of hearing and deteimhnng these claims; and
it was deemed altogether unwise and danger-
ous to throw upon a bureau a vast number of
cases to be beard and decided when the head
of the bureau must of necessity trust the de-
cision to mere clerks in the department under
him. and thai therefore it was necessary that
some other tribunal should be eieated (if the
Court of Claim-; Um 11 is not empowered lo hear
and determine these claims) where both sides
could be heard : w here the part\ claiming dam-
ages upon the around of his loyally could ap-
pear, and where the Go\ernmenl could also
appear to cross-examine the witnesses and in-
vestigate the claim, so as to know* that the Gov-
ernment. was not to be imposed upon by mere
ex p'frlc statements coming here from all that
section of country over which our Army trav-
ersed, for .-'applies furnished to the Army, or
pretended to be furnished to the Army. Per-
sons will, as a manor of course, be tempted to
assert their hualiy. and perhaps produce some
evidence to show their loyally in the absence
of any one appearing for the Government. We
should thus opwi a door into our Treasurv
which would take from ii hundreds upon hun-
dreds of millions: and therefore it was that the
committee, upon my reporting the facts, were
satisfied that thi> duty • hould not be imposed
upon the-e branches oi the "War Department.
It is true, a* my honorable tnend from West
Virginia has suited, that 1 suggested to him Hint
it would be a pioper matter to he considered
by the Judiciary Committee whether ?mv tribu-
nal ought to he created, and how it should be
crcated, so tlu; the-e claims would aetualh be
heard, and both sides be hcaid and propeily
passed upon with safety to the Government,
and yet wit hout doing injustice to the claimant
i h°t was the ground substantially upon winch
the Gnnsniitt.ee on Military Affairs acted and
upon winch they instructed me to make the
rc'b"]f' ,
Ah. tt I LLK \ . T certainly would brt tlm last
per,- on in the woi Id to initiate a policy by which
the Government would be imposed upon, orbv
which claims presented by men who had not
been loyal to the United States should be enter-
tained and paid ; but allow me by wav of illus-
trating the proprierv of some action in the case,
just to read an account furnished by one of these
men, received by me a day or two ago :
The United States
To Niciioe vs RniXE, Dr.
for Go) forty-five budiels of oat?  $27 CO
" (45; forty-ii\e bushels of rye 5>l lio  50 25 i
$S,3 25 '
Eighty-three and 2,>100 dollars.  
I certify that the above account is just and correct,
and that the articles we purchased are lor public
horses attached to my command, and that the same
will he issued to the ration allowain e, and that I can-
not pay for the same foi the w an I of J uiuls.
II. P. HYMAX,
Captain Battery J, Jut rcyiinnit, Co. A, 0. V., U. S. A.
C^lfpaster Valley, M-kj 4,1S02.
I understand that this old man Rhine fur-
nished not only these goods and others at, va-
rious times to our forces, but furnished two
loyal sons to the United States Army, one of
whom, in evidence of his devotion, sleeps in
southern soil, where ho fell fighting bravely for
his Hag. When such a man—and there are
many such—comes to the Congress of the Urfi-
i ted States simply asking payment for the sup-
1 plies actually furnished to the United States,
he should be placed upon an equal footing with
a loyal man in a loyal State for such supplies
burnished; And I think it would be exceedingly
hard to reject the applications of such men,
and to say that they are no better than the
rebels among Whom the li\cd.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to this
resolution going to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The Committee on Military Attains have
reported against (he proportion submitted to
them as stated by the Senator from Wisconsin,
and 1 hold in my hand a bill prepared sexeial
davs ago to repeal the law wlueh authorized
the Quartermaster General and the Commis-
sary General to seitie any of the-;e accounts,
and after action upon this resolution 1 propose
to introduce that bill, and have it referred to
the .Military Committee. If the Committee on
the Judiciary can d( vise any proper way, with
proper guards, for entering upon the investiga-
! tion and settlement of these demands, 1 should
' be very alad to support it ; but 1 see plainly that
hundrecUof mil housed' dollars are to be called
-for from tins Government to pay tor damages
and claims of various kinds and descriptions
from the rebellious section of the couniry.
.Mr. WILLEY. The Senator will observe
j that this does not apply to damages or anything
! of the kuid.
| Mr. WILSON". T undoi stand that this propo-
! sition does not go to that extent; but 1 wish to
i say lure now that 1 am opposed to paving one
I dollar for tlie damages occasioned by our ar-
mies or indicted upon the people of the rebel
j Stilt os by our armies. [ am opposed io it now.
j and I inU'iid to oppose it so long as I have a seat
! in this bod)'. Wherever we have taken prop-
I erty and u-ed il fur our armies and given re-
I ceipts for it, I will fullill the contract. AVe
1 oughi todo it. In iiur-e ca-os the parties ought
to have their pay and have it promptly, and L
, suppose there are several such cases: but as to
damages occasioned by the movements of our
i armies, or indicted by our armies. 1 am opposed
j to payment now. and intend to oppose it to the
■ end. The inhabitant-: of the States in rebellion
must take the consequences ot war and not in-
| fiict upon the people of this country the burden
i of having to pay for damages made necessary
i in order to subdue their r< h( llion.
; 1 am perfectly willing that this resolution
•-hull go to the Committee on the Judiciaiy, and
] hope that committee, will be able to devise
some means by which the people of the ko.al
and di-doval St.r wdio have actually fnrnisbf d
rmv and
have received
supplies tor out
ceipcs ior the ;
| so on. as possihh
I the reference.
Mr. CLAIMv. I do no; riso<o much to talk
to the resolution precisely f do to comment
on the remarks which have fallc-nfrom the Sen-
ame shall obtain their pov as
1 do not, tlierefoie, oppose
ator from Massachusetts. I cannot give my
assent to them. It is the duty of this Govern-
ment to be just, whether it has given a receipt
or not. It is just as much the duty of this Gov-
ernment to pay for a house of a loyal man de-
stroyed in West Virginia as it is to pay for the
duck or the guns of a citizen of Massachusetts
or a northern loyal State. The question is not
where the man lives, but what service he has
rendered your Government, or what you have
taken from him which you ought to replace;
and it will not do, in my judgment, for this Gov-
ernment blindly to say, u We will do this, and
we will not do the other thing, even if we judge
it to be right." The Government is to do right
wherever the citizen may live wdio claims that
it. ought to do right. If the Government owes
him a debt it ought to discharge it.
Sir, it is one of the things that we fought
for, that we would hold the whole of this coun-
try under the jurisdiction of the national Gov-
ernment, and it, must result from that, that we
must be just to every citizen of that Govern-
ment, wherever he resides. We have not fought
to pav the citizens of the loyal States and turn
the citizens of the disloyal States, if they have
been true, out of doors or from under the Gov-
ernment's protection. We owe it to them all,
and we owe it even more, if it can be possible,
to those men who have stood true in this rage
of rebellion and amid the rebels than we do
to those of us who have not had that tempta-
tion. Sir, we never can know what those men
have suffered. 4' Why,"' said a loyal man from
Mississippi to me the other day, 111 have known
some of my neighbors to have lived two years
in the woods, and nevci once gone home, be-
cause they would not be untrue or faithless to
the Go'\ eminent.'' If such men have suffered
losses and you have taken their property, --he.il
you not pay them a- well as a man wdio slept
j in his house every night and never was turned
' out, wdio never made any sacrifice except in
, the tax he has paid to the Government? Why,
j sir. it would be a reproach and a shame if we
J should acknowledge and act upon any such
| premises or foundation.
No, sir, we must be ju«t: and let me say to
the Senator from Massachusetts you have got
to tax the people heavily and they will bear it
' if you are just : but if you are unjust, they will
i not bear it. Your Government must go upon
j its justice. 1 our people sustained you m put-
! ting down the rebellion. They will sustain ycftt
in being just to every citizen of the Govern-
ment whom you owe, whatever may be the tax
or the obligation imposed upon them. I would
be careful, I would scrutinize; I never would
pay a i ebel a farthing except to buy him a rope ;
but where a man has been true, wdiether he
lived in a loyal State or among rebels, I would
be true to him. i would not exact faith and
allegiance from him, and then turn him away
from the door. Stand by the citizen, and the
citizen will stand by you.
Mr WILSON. Mr. President, I am not
surprised at the earnest manner in which the
Senator from New Hampshire has spoken.
After having brought into this Senate and advo-
cated paying for a building used by the rebels
as an observatory to see the movements of our
armies, 1 am not at all surprised at it. I k;ay
to that Senator if we are to pay the damages
occasioned by the movements of our armies,
hundreds of millions of dollais will be taken
out of the public Treasury and put upon the
I people wdio fought the battles of this country,
i will not vote a dollar of it.
The Senator talks about law. There is co
"law for it. We are asked to make a law for it.
I am opposed to making a law for am such
thin"". I am opposed to paying die damages
which our armies occasioned oi inflicted. Are
we to pay tor tin1, propeity de-tioycd by the
march of Sherman's army from Atlanta to
Savannah and from Savannah to North Caro-
lina? Are we to pay for Phil. Sheridan s de-
slrue'ion of propeity in the Shenandoah valley
by the ordei of General Grant? We have de-
|| st roved millions and millions of property by our
movements. Are men to come here
