3656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Mr. BOSS. -I move to strike out "ten"
and insert "fifty." I do this for the purpose
of furnishing these manufacturers with cheap
products. I do not want them to be dependent
upon Great Britain for their vegetables, and
by giving this encouragement to our nursery-
men and gardeners for a few years they may
be enabled to furnish vegetables a great deal
cheaper than they have done heretofore.
Mr. .THAYER. If the gentleman will add
"small potatoes" as apart of his amendment,
I will vote for it. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ROSS. I omitted to state that this busi-
ness will have to be stopped in this country
unless we give this protection.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If I remember right,
this section is talien from a bill which we had
up here some time ago, which was a quasi
reciprocity treaty, and was decidedly beaten.
Now, I think the amendment of my colleague
should be made to correspond to the duty on
animals, which is thirty per cent. There is
no reason why we should not have the same
protection on fruits that we have on cattle. I
ask my colleague to modify his amendment by
making it thirty per cent.
Mr. ROSS. I suppose my colleague wants
to follow the example on the other side, and
have an agreement.
Mr. WENTWORTH. No; there is no agree-
ment about this.
Mr. ROSS. Well, in that case I will accept
the suggestion, and make it thirty per cent.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am satisfied with
that.
The amendment of Mr. Ross, as modified,
was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On barley, not including pearl or hulled, fifteen
cents per bushol.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
previous paragraph in relation to fruits and
vegetables, and reinsert a duty of twenty per
cent, in lieu of ten per cent.
Mr. ROSS. I raise a question of order.
That paragraph has already been passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MORRILL. I rose before the Clerk
read the last paragraph.
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman will not say he
rose before the Clerk commenced the reading
of the paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL. I rose as soon as the Chair-
man announced the decision; but I do not care
anything about it. It seems to be a tariff that
is to bo made by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Honk.]
Mr. ROSS. I now move to amend by adding
after the words "fifteen cents per bushel" the
words "and, in addition thereto, twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem." This is following the
example in relation to manufactures. Barley
is largely used in this country for the purpose
of making lager beer, and we could furnish it
all from the valley of the Mississippi. There
is 110 necessity for importing it from Canada or
any other country ; and if we are required to
purchase our manufactured articles from our
home manufacturers, they certainly ought to
buy (heir barley from us. This is a very small
addition in comparison with what the gentle-
men on the other side have been putting on
other articles ; and I hope the House will by
common consent give us twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem. I appeal to the chairman of the
committee to know whether it does not meet
his approbation.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the committee will
pay some attention to this bill and try to keep
it within moderate bounds. These propositions
that come from gentlemen who propose to vote
down the bill in any and every shape deserve
the careful scrutiny of the committee. No w, by
increasing the duty on apples and garden fruits
we provoke retaliatory legislation. We, living
further south, of course, have earlier vegetables
than they have in Canada, which naturally seek
their markets, and whatever rate we propose
will be enacted in Canada as against us. It is
of very little consequence, so far as we are con-
cerned, what the duties are on these vegeta-
bles, but it is important that no bad example
should be set. Whatever may be adopted by
us will be likely to be adopted by the Canadians.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. Ross's amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On barley, pearl or hulled, one cent per pound.
Mr. DODGE. I rose to offer an amend-
ment before the preceding clause was read, but
the Chairman did not hear me. I propose
now to insert after the last paragraph, "on
fruits preserved in brandy or whisky, two dol-
lars per gallon and thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem." The object of this amendment is to
prevent fraud being perpetrated by the im-
porters of fruits preserved in brandy, intending
to import brandy rather than fruits. I under-
stand there are large quantities of fruits thus
imported, but a much larger quantity of brandy
with them. This amendment is designed to
guard the revenue against such frauds by mak-
ing the duty two dollars per gallon and thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem. The duty now on
brandy is from $3 50 to $4 per gallon.
Mr. MORRILL. No objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to add,
"on coffee two and a half cents per pound."
The rate established under the existing law
is five cents per pound. Prom that I am
informed we derive a revenue of about seven
million dollars per annum. I think we are in
a condition now to reduce the tax on this arti-
cle, as we shall have at the end of the fiscal
year just closed a surplus of over $100,000,000
to apply to the principal of the national debt.
I hope, therefore, the reduction will be made
on coffee to two and a half cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. This is rather an impor-
tant question to be sprung upon the House,
and I regret that it has not been considered
before in the Committee of Ways and Means.
Upon an early occasion the question came up
in the committee and we concluded not to dis-
turb the tariff on tea and coffee. We have
already got more in the bill than was at first
intended. I think, however, the proposition
to reduce the duty on coffee to some extent is
perhaps reasonable, and that the revenue may
be able to bear it, but not so much as the gen-
tleman proposes to do. If the gentleman will
say three and a half cents I shall for one be dis-
posed to accept it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Since I have de-
termined to propose this amendment quite a
number of gentlemen, members of the House,
have spoken to me about putting coffee on the
free list.. But I think it is a source of revenue
that we ought not to dispense with entirely,
and the rate which I propose I think is about
right in the present financial condition of the
country.
Mr. MORRILL. I am reluctant, before we
have succeeded in funding any considerable
amount of our large floating debt, to reduce to
any extent the revenues of the country. 1 think
the reduction to two and one half cents per
pound will be too much. I therefore move to
amend by making it three and a half cents.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
chairman of the committee what, in his judg-
ment, will be the effect of this bill on our rev-
enue ; whether it will increase or decrease the
revenue from imports. My vote will be gov-
erned somewhat by his estimation on this ques-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL. It is impossible at the
present stage of the hill to form any estimate as
to what it will produce. We do not know what
changes will be made. There are some rates
that have been placed on articles in the bill
that will inevitable reduce the amount of rev-
enue. But I expect before the bill becomes a
law that these rates will be reduced, if not in
the House, in the Senate. I have no doubt,
on many articles, the increased rates will in-
crease the revenue; and yet that may be coun-
terbalanced by a diminution in other cases.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Morrill to make the duty three and a
half cents per pound, there were—ayes 42, noes
33; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Messrs. Wilson, of Iowa, and Mor-
rill.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 53.
* So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the original amend-
ment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, to make the duty
on coffee two and a half cents per pound, and
it was agreed to—ayes 01, noes 35.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now move to
amend by inserting immediately after the
amendment last adopted, "on tea, twelve and
a half cents per pound." That is just one
half the present rate, and corresponds to the
reduction made in the duty upon coffee.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] a question
in reference to a statement he made when he
was advocating his amendment about coffee.
I understood him to say that it was estimated
that the revenue of the Government would dur-
ing the current year amount to $100,000,000
more than its expenses. Now, I desire to ask
the gentleman his authority for that statement.
We have largely reduced the internal revenue
duties by the bill which we have just passed. ■
We do not know to what amount that reduc-
tion will be, nor do we know what will bo the
effect of the bill which we are now consider-
ing.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Trowbridge] understood
me as he has just stated, or rather if I made
the statement which he has just repeated, then
I was in error. I meant to refer to the fiscal
year closing on the 30th of June last.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I understood the gen-
tleman as 1 have stated.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am glad the gen-
tleman has given me an opportunity to make
the correction.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the House will not
act in haste upon this amendment. I do not
know of any article that can more properly
have a duty levied upon it than the article of
tea, nor do I know an article that can better
bear a duty upon it. It is possible that by an-
other year wo may be able to make coffee, tea,
and sugar free; but as we now have some
eleven or twelve hundred millions of debt yet
to be funded, I think it is rather premature to
reduce the duty now. And if this tariff bill
should fail we are not to look for any consid-
erable amount of revenue from our manufac-
tures. If no relief is granted the business of
manufacturing must certainly como to a stop,
in a great many instances, throughout the coun-
try. It must stop at least until the prices of
labor shall be readjusted; and whether that can
be done at all or not is a matter of doubt.
Gentlemen are making motions of amendment
to load this bill down, with a certain prospect
of vastly diminishing the revenue, even if the
bill should pass. I hope the House will hesi-
tate about adopting this amendment, although
we have already adopted one in regard to coffee.
However, I would not regret that so much if
the duty had been placed at three and a half
cents per pound, as I proposed. I hope the
duty on tea will not be cut down at all, cer-
tainly not one half, as proposed by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "twelve and a half" and
inserting "five." There is a reason for having
a duty imposed on coffee which does not per-
tain to tea with the same force. It is well
understood that there are many very worthy
manufacturers of coffee in this country ; they
make it of chiccory, beans, peas, rye, wheat,
dandelion root, and many other things. So
there is a reason for retaining a small duty on
coffee in order to protect that worthy class of
our manufacturers. But there is no Such rea-
