1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3L73f
settle them, and sometimes they are for pretty
considerable amounts. Very often they are
very small; but sometimes they amount to five
hundred and one thousand dollars. It is very
easy to bring them into the Treasury by a war-
rant and carry them to this account where they
stand, and the particular officer getshis account
closed. I recommend very decidedly the pas-
sage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON county lev? court.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 100) enlarging the
powers of the levy court of the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have reported the bill
with an amendment striking out all after the
enacting clause in the original bill and inserting
a substitute, and I suggest that the amendment
only be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the original bill will be dispensed with, and
the amendment reported by the committee only
will be read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
That the levy court of the county of Washington,
in the District of Columbia, is hereby empowered to
declare and locate a? public highways such roads
known and used as military roads in said district
during the rebellion as said court may deem ad-
• visable: I'romdcd, That, the da.iiia.scs which the
owners of the land oyer which said roads pass shall
sustain by reason of said roads being declared public
highways shall be assessed as provided for in section
three of (ho act, of Congress approved Julyl, JS12,
entitled "An act conferring certain powers on the
levy court for the county of Washington, in the
District of Columbia."
The amendmeut was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be eng ossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
women's hospital association.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 107) to incorporate
the Women's Hospital Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It proposes to constitute
Mrs. Adelaide .1. Brown, Mrs. Jane L. Smith.
Mrs. Harriet M. lilanchard, Mrs. Maria M.
Carter, Mrs. .Jane Fafnham. Mrs. Hannah J.
Grllotte, Mrs. Mary W. Kelly, Mrs. Kathleen
Carlisle, Mrs. Sarah C. Jones, Mrs. Mary K.
Lewis, Mrs. Elmira \V. Powell, and Mrs.
Elizabeth Sampson, and their successors duly
chosen, a body corporate in the District of
Columbia, with the usual powers of a cor-
poration. The object of the association is to
found in the city of Washington a hospital and
dispensary for the treatment of diseases pecu-
liar to women, in which those unable to pay
therefor shall be furnished with medicine and
medical attendance gratuitously.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
evidence op marriages.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 185) to preserve evi-
dence of marriages in the District of Columbia.
It provides that every minister of the gospel,
appointed or ordained according to the rites
and ceremonies of his church, maybe licensed
to sole*imize and attest marriages in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The license is to he issued by the clerk of the
supreme court of the District, under the seal
of the court, in the following form:
To any person enpulrfe of soleinnizina and attesting
mamaoes in the District of Columbia :
You are hereby licensed to solemnize and witness
a marriage between ■   and ^ , if
you find tnat. there is no lawful impediineuf thereto ;
ami having so done, you are commanded to appear
in the clerk's office of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia without delay, and certify the same.
 , Clerk.
The clerk is to provide a book of his office,
consisting of licenses printed in blank, one of
which he is to fill up with the names of the
parties for whoso marriage any license is issued;
and beneath it is to be printed a certificate, to
be made by the person attesting the marriage,
in the following form :
I certify that on the day of , eighteen hun-
dred and , I witnessed the union, in due and
legal form, of the parties aforesaid.
Minister of -
The clcrk's fee for issuing the license, filling
up the blank, receiving the certificate, and in-
dexing the same, is to be one dollar; and for
each copy of the license and certificate of sol-
emnization, and verifying it by his. signature
and the seal of the court, his fee is to be one
dollar; and every such copy is to be conclu-
sive evidence of the facts it contains.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendmeut, to add
the following as an additional section :
Sec. 6. Anrlbo.it further enacted, That if any minis-
ter or other person, not licensed as aforesaid to sol-
emnise marriages, joins any persons in marriage, he
shall be punished by confinement, in the penitentiary
for a term not exceeding live years, or by fine not
exceeding $1,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. The effect of a marriage
without a license has been recently discussed
in the Supreme Court, and is not yet decided.
It is a doubtful matter with the profession—I
speak more particularly of the profession in
Maryland and the courts in Maryland—whether
a marriage solemnized by a clergyman without
a Ucensc is void because of the want of license.
1 rose for the puipose of asking whether there
is in this bill any provision that the marriage
is to be a valid one or is to be an invalid one
if there is not a license.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; there is no pro-
vision touching that particular subject at all.
It is left entirely as tlic law now provides.
Mr. JOHNSON'. Then I suggest to my
friend that, perhaps it would be advisable that
a provision should be made on that subject,
because it is a matter of very grave doubt, and
it is a question that ought not to be left m
doubt. The general rule, as the Senate are
aware, is, that any contract made contrary to
the policy of the law is void. Whether a mar-
riage contract falls within that rule is a ques-
tion upon which there are differences of opin-
ion ; but. I suggest to my friend, the chairman
of the committee, whether it would not lie ad-
visable to clear away that, doubt in this bill. 1
will not m.ove an amendment myself. Let it
be passed by now and it may be thought of
hereafter. I will vote for the amendment re-
ported by the committee because that amend-
ment is clearly right. The minister in such a
case ought to be punished.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
national safe deposit company.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the hill (S. No. 177) to incorporate
the National Safe Deposit Company, of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia. Itproposes
to declare A. 11. Shepherd, William S. Hunting-
ton, S. P. Brown, G. W. Riggs. Nathaniel Wilson,
G. II. Plant, together with the subscribers to the
stock of the association and their successors and
assigns, abody politic and corporate, by thenaine
and style of the National Safe Deposit Company
of Washington, with the usual powers of a cor-
poration. The capital stock is not to exceed
$200,000, divided into two thousand shares of
£100 each ; and the company are authorized
to receive and keep on deposit all such valu-
ables, gold, silver, or paper money, bullion, j
precious metals, jewels, plate, certificates of 1
stock, or evidence of indebtedness, deeds or
muniments of title, or other valuable papers
of any kind, or any other article or-thing what-
soever, as may be left or deposited for safe
keeping with them, and be entitled to charge
such commissions or compensation therefor as
may be agreed upon, and for their complete
preservation and safe keeping are to construct,
erect, lease, or purchase such fire-proof aria
burglar-proof building or buildings, vaults,
iron or composition safes, or other means
%hich may become necessary, and generally
to transact and perform all the business relat-
ing to such deposit and safe keeping or preser-
vation of all such articles or valuables as may
be deposited with them, and also to invest the
capital or funds of the company, orsuchmoney
or funds as may be deposited with them for
that purpose, from lime to time, in the public
funds of the United States, or in any stock or
property whatsoever, and to dispose of the
stocks, money, and property in such manner
(not contrary to law) as to them shall appear
most advantageous to the company.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 04) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the relief of seamen and others,
borne on the books of vessels wrecked or lost
in the naval service," approved July 4, 1864,
and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) for the res-
toration of Commanders William Reynolds and
Melancton U. Woolscy, United States Navy,
to the active list, from the reserved list.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 103) to further regulate
the appointment of certain volunteer officers
to the regular Navy; and
A bill (II. R. No. l'J7) to provide for the
better organization of the pay department of
the Navy.
exemption 01? debtor's property.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. '218.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy.) The Chair understands that the bill
referred to by the Senator from Ohio is in the
hands of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, the committee not having yet re-
ported it.
Mr. WADE. I move to discharge the com-
mittee from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 218) exempting the property of debtors
in the District of Columbia from levy, attach-
ment, or sale on execution, was considered by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the following property, being the
property of a head of a family or householder,
shall be exempt from distraint, attachment,
levy, and sale on execution or decree of any
court in the District of Columbia, (but this ex-
emption is not to interfere with the foreclosure
of any mortgage or deed of trust executed be-
fore the passage of the. act,) namely: all wear-
ing apparel belonging to all persons, and to all
heads of families, being householders; all beds,
bedding, household furniture, stoves, cooking
utensils, &c., not exceeding $300 in value;
provisions for three months' support, whether
provided or growing; fuel for three months;
mechanics' tools and implements of the debt-
or's trade or business amounting to $200 in
value, with S200 worth of stock for carrying
on the business of the debtor or his family;
the library and implements of a professional
man or artist to the value of $300 ; one horse,
mule, or yoke of oxen; one cart, wagon, or
dray, and harness for such team ; farming uten-
sils, with food for such team for three months,
