3658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
now add to the vote we have just cast in regard
to coffee another which will take $4,000,000
more out of the Treasury. I shall be sorry if
we thus show the country that we are having no
regard for revenue. I want it understood that
we are raising revenue by this bill as well as
protecting industry, and I trust- that we shall
not be guilty of the folly of reversing the whole
policy of this country, and ignoring the expe-
rience of the leading financial nations of the
world, by reducing this duty only to add an
equal amount to a score of other interests not
so well able to bear it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment proposed by Mr. Pejce, and
it was disagreed to.
The question recurred, on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Wilson', of Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
amendment so as to increase the duty to thirty
cents.
Mr. Chairman, it (Ipes seem to me that it is
very premature for us to act upon this question.
We have acted on the internal revenue bill, and
yet by the report of the conferees on that bill
we find that even there we do not obtain the
amount of revenue that was anticipated when
the bill loft the House. For instance, on the
item of cotton there is a reduction of not less
than eighteen million dollars. It becomes a
question whether the amouut of revenue that
we propose to strike out from the bill can be
spared. I must say that I am somewhat sur-
prised that this subject should be introduced
here. It is not in the original bill as reported.
I hope the committee will not agree to the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman has
no right to be surprised. The very reason why
I offered this amendment was because these
articles were not in the bill as reported. If the
committee had reported it in this way, there
would have been no necessity for this amend-
ment. Now, as to the etfect on the revenue, the
gentleman from Vermont very well knows that
under the provisions of the recent internal rev-
enue act, $50,000,000 more will be collected on
the article of spirits alone than has been col-
lected heretofore. If there boa faithful enforce-
ment of the law in regard to this article alone we
will succeed in increasing the revenue fourfold
more than it will be diminished by the amend-
ment I have offered. We are, therefore, run-
ning no risk as to the diminution of revenue.
Now, this is not an article of luxury, as has
been said by some, because it has become al-
most one of the articles of necessity to the peo-
ple of the country. Gentlemen might as well
call pork and beef a luxury as tea or coffee in
this country now. But under the present high
prices the consumption is not as wide-spread
as it would bo if prices were reduced. As tea
now is consumed in this country, it is to some
extent an article of luxury, because the poorer
classes arc deprived in a great measure of its
use. Reduce the price of tea, and you will in-
crease importations, and the increase of impor-
tations will keep up the present standard of rev-
enue ; and that is all there is in the question.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont will not prevail, and
that the same reduction will be made upon
this article that we have already made on the
article of coffee.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, in the consideration of this
subject I think we should look to some facts
which wc have hitherto ignored. The internal
revenue of this country in the year 1865 was
about two hundred and eleven million dollars
and two hundred and twelve million dollars.
Of that internal revenue, between forty-nine
and fifty per cent, was derived from the taxes
upon manufactures. Prices in this country at
this time range 'high in consequence of the
condition of our currency. I hope to have a
favorable change and to reduce prices to a
gold basis. I hope sincerely that that time is
not tar in the future. But we must remember
that as we approach that system the prices of
manufactures must be reduced, and incomes
from business must be reduced, and therefore
we shall materially affect the revenues of this
country from the internal department. In this
condition of things why should we forego the
certain and secure source of revenue in the
taxation of these articles which the people
will have and the tax upon which is distributed
almost universally among the people of this
country? I do not believe that it is wise to do
it, and therefore I hope that the committee
will not consent to so great a reduction as has
been proposed by the gentleman from Iowa.
The question being upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson
of Iowa, and Davis, were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 4G, noes 46.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On beans, (except vanilla and castor oil,) twenty-
five cents per bushel,
On broom corn, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On buckwheat, ten cents per bushel.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
amend the last clause by striking out "ten"
and inserting the word "twenty," after the
word "buckwheat." I propose to submit to
the House some reasons why the duty on buck-
wheat should be increased; and what I have
to say in regard to buckwheat applies gen-
erally to the agricultural products of the coun-
try. Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to state
that while I am in favor of a reduction of some
of the high rates proposed by this bill, I am
not opposed to a tariff for revenue, discrimi-
nating for protection. I am an old tariff man.
For more than thirty years I have insisted that,
in the arrangement of duties upon foreign
productions introduced into this country, we
should discriminate against those which com-
pote in our markets with the productions of this
country ; that we should discriminate against
those that compete with us and threaten to
destroy the industry of this country. And,
sir, the reason why I am opposed to this bill
is, that I think it outrages the principles of
reciprocity and equality. I believe that a tariff
to be just should be so arranged as to protect
all the interests of the country alike. I am no
seetionalist; but I would put such protection
upon our agricultural productions as to make
it clear and apparent to the people on the other
side of the border, in Canada, that their inter-
ests are identical with onrs. I would remove
the necessity of a long line of forts and posts
for troops, watch-towers and revenue vessels
to dctect smugglers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all debate on the pending section terminate in
one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
taeot bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules wero suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and' resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
The pending question.was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Harding, of Illinois, to make
the duty on buckwheat twenty cents instead
of ten cents per bushel.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose that is not a
serious amendment, and I hope it will not be
adopted.
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cleaned rice,and on rice commonly called Patna
rice, two and a half cents per pound; on uncleaned
rice, two cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out after "on uncleaned rice" the word
"two" and inserting "one and a half."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to further amend
the paragraph by adding " on patty, one cent
per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On corn, Indian, or maize, ten ccnts per bushel.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "ten"
and insert "twenty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to insert after
the line just read, "on wheat, forty ccnts per
bushel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On flour and meal, middlings, and mill feed of
wheat, corn, rye, or oats, twenty per cent, ad valo-
rem.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "twenty"
and insert "forty."
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 40, noes 53.
So the amendment waT5 not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On hay, one dollar per ton.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strikeout "one dol-
lar" and insert "two dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert afterthe
line last read, "on malt, thirty per cent, ad
valorem
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On peas, twenty-five ccnts per bushel.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by striking
out "twenty-five" and inserting "fifty."
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HART. I move to amend by inserting
after the line last read, "on peanuts or ground
beans, two cents per pound; shelled, four cents
per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On potatoes, ten cents per bushel.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to strike out
the line just read.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "ten"
and insert "twenty."
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting "without distinction of size
or color." [Laughter.] However, I will not
press my amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Ross was then
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On seed, timothy and clover, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out
"twenty" and insert "thirty-five."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On trees, plants, and shrubs, ornamental and fruit,
lifteon per cent, od valorem.
