1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
and if the debtor be a farmer, any other farm-
ing tools of the value of $100; all family pic-
tures, and all the family library; one cow, one
swine, six sheep. No deed of trust, bill of
sale, or mortgage upon any of these exempted
articles, is to be binding or valid unless signed
by the wife of the debtor, if he be married and
living with his wife ; and these exemptions are
to bo valid when the property is in transitu,
the same as if the property were at rest. No
property is, hgwever, to be exempted from at-
tachment or execution for any debt due for the
wages of servants, common laborers, or clerks,
except the wearing apparel, beds and bedding,
and household furniture and provisions for the
debtor and family.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MUTUAL PI HE INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. '2'2S.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 223) to amend an act to incorporate
the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill had been reported by the Committee
on the District of Columbia with an amend-
ment, which was to strike out in line three the
words "said act" and insert "An act entitled
'An act to incorporate the Mutual Fire Insur-
ance Company of the District of Columbia,' ap-
proved on the 10th day of January, 1855;" so
as to make the bill read:
Be it enacted, &c., That tho third section of an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Mutual Fire In-
surance Company of the Districtiof Columbia," ap-
proved on tho 10th day of January, 1855 he, and the
same is hereby, so amended as to read " $50,000" in
the place of " $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It. was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read the third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
POTOMAC NAVIGATION COMPANY.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 51; it is the Jast bill I shall ask the
Senate to consider to-day.
Tho motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 51) to incorporate the Potomac Navigation
and Transportation Company of the District
of Columbia was considered as in Committee
of tho Whole.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word "company," in tho
ninth line of the first section, the words "for
the purpose of transacting the business of
common carriers;" so as to make the section
read:
That George W. Riggs, M. G. Emery, Fitzhueh
Coylc, Ward II. Lamon, Moses Kelly, Henry I).
Cooke, S. A. Pencil, Riley A. Shinn, Esau Pickerell,
and George Hill,jr., and their associates and assigns,
be, and are hereby, created a body corporate and
politic, under tiie name, style, and title of tho Poto-
mac Navigation and Transpoitation Company, for
the purpose of transacting the business of common
carriers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. T move further to amend
the bill by adding, at the end of the second
section these words:
Provided, however, That said corporation shall not
bo authorized to enter upon the business of the com-
pany until at least $500,000 of its capital stock has
been fully subscribed.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
the bill by inserting after the word "river" in
tho fourth line of the fourth section the words
"upon and at some point;" so as to make the
section read:
That said corporation is hereby authorized to
purchase and hold lands, and may locate and con-
struct wharves,docks, and railways into the Potomac
river upon and at some point in front of Mason's
Island, so called, as may be neces^aiy for tho objects
of said company, to bo built under the supervision
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, so as not
to interfere with the navigation of the Potomac river,
and the use and maintenance of said wharves, docks,
and railways shall be subject to tho municipal regu-
lations of the city of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
that section by striking out the words " so
called" after the word "island" in line four;
they do not add anything to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now offer the following
amendment as a new section:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this act may
be altered, annulled, or repealed by Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. #
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 163) to further regulate the
appointment of certain volunteer officers to the
regular Navy; and
A bill (H. R. No. 197) to provide for the bet-
ter organization of the pay department of the
Navy.
SARAII EIT7.GIBB0N.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill of the Senate (S. No. 82) granting a pen-
sion to Sarah Fitzgibbon, which was to add the
following proviso:
Provided, That in tho event of the marriage or death
of the said Sarah Fitzgibbon, the pension allowed by
this aet shall be continued to the children of the late
Major Thomas C. Fitzgibbon.
The amendment was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
REORGANIZATION OE JUDICIARY.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 103) to reorgan-
ize tho judiciary of the United States, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Howe to strikeout "five" and insert "ten"
before '' thousand'' in line eight of section sev-
enteen.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will not insist upon pressing this
amendment. I find that the judges of the Su-
preme Court, who have given considerable at-
tention to this bill and are deeply interested in
it, are very much opposed to reducing this
limit. Really, in principle, there is no reason
in the world why an action involving $10,000
should go to the Supreme Court when one in-
volving less is not allowed to go there. We
have provided for the more important ques-
tions involving constitutional construction, in-
volving treaties, involving revenue and patent
laws. It seems to me that in this experiment
we had better at least leave it at $10,000. I
hope, therefore, the amendment will not be
prcss6d.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill was
examined in the Committee on the Judiciary,
I thought, it would be a very good bill or a very
vicious bill, and myjudgment is that it depends
upon the action of the Senate on this very ques-
tion. _ If we do accomplish what is intended by
the bill, that is, to relieve the Supreme Court
so that the cases which come to that court may
be decided at an early day, we accomplish what
every one admits to be a desirable end, because
it is dreadful that people have to wait two or
three or four years to have their cases decided.
In the mean time estates are tied up, and the
gaining party sometimes is destroyed by the
very fact of the delay. Speedy justice is almost
as important as it is to have justice itself.
But, Mr. President, if we do not relieve the
Supreme Court—and that is really, I think,
the only virtue in this bill—then we introduce
a very great vice into our system; that is, ill-
creasing the number of courts in which cases
are to be litigated. If we do not decrease the
labor of the Supreme Court, the cases ought to
go directly from the court of trial to the appel-
late court; and in my judgment it is a very
great objection if cases have to go first from
the district court or circuit court to the court
of appeals, undergoing there the delay and the
expense of that litigation, and then go to the
Supreme Court still.
I do not think there is much force in the
argument of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark,] although it was stated
ingeniously, that this is a provision for the rich
man and against i>he poor man. I do not look
at, it so. In our State wehave a provision that
causes of trifling importance before a justice of
the peace shall have an appeal to the circuit
court, but none to the supreme court. It may
be said the poor man is as much interested in
the disposition of a little case that originates
before a justice of the peace as a rich man is
in a case of greater importance that originates
before the circuit court. That is the argument.
It turns simply on the proposition that the case
is of such inconsiderable importance in itself
that there ought to be an early end of liti-
gation about it. So I think in the Federal
courts, if a case is of considerable impor-
tance, either because of the amount that is in-
volved or because of the importance of the
question that decides it, then there ought to
be an appeal of course to the highest court;
but if the case be inconsiderable in amount,
and unimportant in regard to the principles
involved, let the litigation stop upon one ap-
peal. This bill provides for a very enlightened
court, a court of appeals, equal perhaps—it
ought to be equal—to the supreme court of any
of the States. An ordinary case not involv-
inga constitutional question, but involving com-
mercial law, is sufficiently litigated when it goes
from the district court to the court of appeals,
and it is no hardship to say that the party shall
stop there. In ipy judgment it is a benefit to
litigants to say to them that there shall be an
early stop to their litigation in three fourths of
the cases. Therefore, I think this bill is ripht
as it stands, and if we change it so as to in-
crease the business of the Supreme Court above
what it contemplates, we do not accomplish
any good, but introduce a vice into the system.
Ihis proposition to have an intermediate
court of appeals is a very objectionable feature
in the system, if we allow ail cases to go still
on from that court to the Supreme Court, if we
do not stop litigation there in the great body
of the cases; and it is a good feature if we do
stop litigation there. I do not think ordinary
litigants will complain of it.
Mr. CLARK. I would ask the Senator from
Indiana why if we stop a part we should not
stop the whole?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hi.;xiiE[i:sox] yesterday gave a very
satisfactory reason for that. It is exceedingly
desirable that there should be uniformity of
decisions, and I admit that this bill will, to
some extent, introduce conflicts of decisions.
We must have a court of final resort, and
that is the Supreme Court of the United
States, to settle great questions. All grave
questions, all important questions should go
there, and this bill provides that they may go
there. But, Mr. President, I do not think that
the Supreme Court ought to be bothered with
cases that involve small amounts and no im-
portant question. The Supreme Court ought
to have jurisdiction of those cases that, are im-
portant because of the gravity of the question
involved, as constructions of the Constitution,
or the statute law of Congress, or of treaties.
Mr. CLARK. That is very true; but here
is a case involving $10,000, and anoth*er case
involving $9,000; no constitutional question
arises in either; and where the case involves
$10,000 the suitor may have his writ of error,
and have his law settled in the Supreme Court.
The man who has his $9,000 case cannot, do it.,
and the question of law in the $9,000 case may
be of more importance vastly than the question
arising in the other case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Sen-
