1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2699
$10,000,000 for the Freedmeirs Bureau. And
if the vetoed bill had become a law, the expense
of this bureau would have been doubled or
trebled. Except for the President's veto this
vast burden would have been permanently
entailed upon the labor and industry of the
country, and coerced by the tax-gatherer from
an overburdened people. I am unwilling to
vote a tax on my constituents to support in
idleness any class of people, white or black. I
see no reason why a black man should not earn
his support by the sweat of his brow as well
as white men. And yet it is known that the
galleries of this Hall have for the last five
months been crowded with colored persons,
who are housed, fed, and clothed at the public
expense.
• Mr. Speaker, I have no unkind feeling to-
ward the unfortunate colored people ; they are
free ; be it so. I hope it may prove to them a
blessing, and am opposed to any law discrim-
inating against them in the security and pro-
tection of life, liberty, person, property, and
the proceeds of their labor. These civil rights
all should enjoy. Beyond this I am not pre-
pared to go, and those pretended friends who
urge political and social equality, and confer-
ring special privileges like those in the vetoed
bill, are, in myjudgment, the worst enemies of
the colored race.
But it is objected that on the 22d of Febru-
ary the President made a speech at the White
House to the people, in which he indulged in
some strictures upon prominent persons as to
their loyalty. When a Senator he was bold
and fearless in his denunciations of conspira-
tors and traitors against the integrity of the
Union, and t know of no reason why he should
be less so when representing the whole people
as President of the United States. Indeed I
hav-e faith that the national inquest by a deci-
sive majority will indorse the sentiments enun-
ciated in that able and patriotic speech.
Again, his traducers charge that he actually
suffered unterrified Democrats to stand around
him listening to his speech; and that, too,
without invoking the aid of provost marshals
to hunt them down and incarcerate them in
the military bastile on Capitol Hill. Sir,
this is a charge of so grave a character I
will not presume to inteipose a justification.
The speech is before the country, and approved
by the people. It is well it was made. He is
bound by the Constitution and his oath of office
to "preserve, protect, and defend the Consti-
tution of the United States," and ''take care
that the laws be faithfully executed." He is
the representative of and directly amenable to
the people, and when there is a revolutionary
conspiracy plotted by a secret " directory" to
disrupt the Union, subvert the Constitution, and
filch from the people their liberties, it is meet j
and proper, as well as his solemn duty, to appeal
to the people, expose the perfidious treachery,
and denounce the traitors. Pie had before he
made that speech evinced extraordinary for-
bearance. A majority in Congress had excluded
Representatives from eleven States, and virtu-
ally decided that the Union was destroyed.
His motives and policy of restoration had been
bitterly assailed and malignantly misrepre-
sented by the star-chamber conclave and
their abettors. They had besmeared him with
their choicest Billingsgate, such as " usurper," i
" whitewashes" "tyrant," ''traitor," "cop- j
perhead," "rebel," &c. Disparaging compar- j
isons were drawn between him and certain j
negroes—Fred. Douglassand others. If he had !
kept silent under such provocations his meek- !
ness and humility would have obscured, if not i
totally eclipsed, that of Moses, the Israelitisli :
lawgiver. He appealed to the patriotism and !
intelligence of the people, the true source of !
all power, in vindication of himself and his
policy against the assaults of his enemies.
The occasion on which those fitly spoken
words and golden sentiments were enunciated
will form a memorable epoch in our history, j
From that day the power for evil was broken. ]
Bad men are held up to the withering rebuke j
and contemptuous scorn' of an outraged and ;
indignant people, and the surging waves of
fanaticism are stayed. 1' The man at the other
end of the avenue" has spoken; the faction is
paralyzed ; the country breathes freer. Their
cheeks blanch with terror as they hear the rum-
bling of the "earthquake." The volcano in
its convulsive eruptions has ejected from its
crater a solid column of pure Tennessee marble,
so firm and immovable that the angry billows of
disunion and the howling tempest of treason
may dash around its lofty summit, spend their
fury in vain, and fall harmless at its adaman-
tine base, and "the gates of hell shall not pre-
vail against it." The majority in Congress may,
for the temporary respite left them, scold and
snarl at their inevitable destiny; they may
denounce the Administration, retard but not
prevent the restoration of the Union. The
President will stand firm: the people, irrespect-
ive of party, will rally to his standard when
the integrity of the Union is menaced by open
enemies or pretended friends. It is no time
for the true friends of the country to fall out
by the way ; personal considerations and party
schemes should remain in abeyance until the
Union is restored.
The country has at no time within the last
five years been in more imminent peril than at
present; the radical majority in Congress are
inaugurating measures of the most revolution-
ary character, which, if carried out, will in-
evitably involve the country in another fratri-
cidal civil war. Calling themselves a Union
party, these gentlemen oppose all measures for
the restoration of the Union. Pretending to
be a constitutional party, they endeavor to
break down its safeguards and destroy it.
Assuming to be an administration party, they
denounce and oppose the Administration, its
policy and friends. One Senator and three
membersof the House who were legally elected
and justly entitled to their seats were voted out
that they might increase their majority so as ;
to pass their unconstitutional measures over |
the ^ eto of the President. Xo member's seat
is secure who opposes their schemes as long
as they require votes to carry their measures.
Obstacles are brushed out of their way like
cobwebs ; they stoop to conquer, and hold that
the end sanctifies the means. They hope to
perpetuate their power and political ascend-
ancy by excluding from Congress and the
ballot-box all who oppose their revolutionary
schemes.
Mr. Speaker, T cannot flatter myself that I
shall be able to present any arguments or con-
siderations to this House which will induce
gentlemen to pause and consider. I wish I
could. The only hope left is in an appeal to
the p'eople, the patriotic masses, who love
country more than party. Our patriotic fathers
laid broad and deep the solid foundations upon
which the magnificent superstructure of civil
and religiousliberty were reared ; for near eighty
years, in peace and war. it has answered all the
purposes of a most perfect government. It may
have faults ; what form of human government
has not? It has furnished protection and se-
curity to all classes of our citizens wherever
our flag floats, at home and abroad, on the
land and the sea. Our national progress and
prosperity, in power, wealth, and civilization,
has been a marvel to ourselves and eclipsed
the nations of the world. Why experiment
with so rich and precious a boon? If we are
blessed with a better Government than is to be
found elsewhere had we not better bear with it
until we know that amendments will insure im-
provements? It has cost a vast amount of blood
and treasure, and is worth}' of preservation.
It is the only true model for free representative
government. It is the asylum of the oppressed,
and a secure refuge from the crumbling despot-
isms of the Old World. We receive with open
arms and greet with a hearty welcome the
drowntrodden people as they come flocking
to our shores.
The eyes of the world are upon us. The
great experiment of the capacity of man for self-
government is being tested. The despotisms
and monarchies of the Old World prophesy
our utter failure, and that faction and party
are the rock upon which we will strike and
crumblc into fragments. In the meanwhile
the friends of free government in the Old
World look wistfully on with emotions alter-
nating between hope and fear. This munificent
inheritance of free government, bequeathed to
us by our cherished and revered ancestry,
founded upon the corner-stone of the right of
the people to govern, is all our most cherished
hopes or loftiest ambition could desire.
A great and responsible charge has been
committed to our keeping. As our mental
vision looks at the vista before ns, seeking to
pierce the veil which hides from us the ob-
scure future, we are solemnly impressed with
the conviction that the imperiled destiny for
weal or woe of this generation, as well as of
unborn millions, hang tremblingly in the bal-
ance. It is my ardent desire, my sincere
! hope, that we^ may severally so discharge our
j respective duties, under the vast responsibilities
] that devolve upon us, as to redound to the true
j interest, highest honor, and perpetual glory of
our common country. That when we leave
these representative halls for the last time,
to be occupied by those who succeed us, when
we sever our public relations and retire from
this congressional forum, around which cluster
many fond and endearing remembrances, to the
sanctity of the domestic circle and the quiet
shades of private life, we may feel the proud
satisfaction of having conscientiously acted our
part in this momentous national crisis, in this
convulsive struggle for the Constitution of our
country and the liberties of the people. I have
no higher ambition, no loftier aspiration.
THE TAMFP.
Mr. XEWELL. Mr. Speaker, during all
the years of the history of the country the
! subject of a tariff for revenue and protection
purposes has agitated the public mind. W'ith
some the question of the revenue has been its
primary and that of protection its secondary
' object: while with others protection has been
looked upon as its primary and revenue its
secondary consideration. By all parties, and
nearly all writers, however, the necessity of a
tariff for revenue, which of course would inci-
dentally protect native industry, has been ac-
knowledged andadvocated. Nor is the United
States an exception to all other civilized and
even partially civilized nations as respects the
use and necessity of a tariff ior the purpose of
revenue. The student of history can scarcely
point to a country noted for the industry and
prosperity of its people which does not owe a
great portion of such industry and prosperity
to the operation of a judicious system of rev-
enue raised from imports. Even in the cases
of countries which at the present day stand
forward as the special champions of fiee trade,
their principal revenue is derived from tariffs
heavily discriminating against the products of
other communities and nations. In no single
instance, indeed, do we find absolute free trade
to be the rule in any one nation. On the con-
trary it is not even the exception to the pre-
vailing policy of civilization at the present day,
which seeks to build up native industry as the
parent seeks to prepare the child, by a course
of discipline, instruction, and practical appli-
cation of these for the varied duties of every-
day life. As well might the parent send forth
his child ignorant and unskilled in the means
of procuring a livelihood as for a "young nation
to strive to contend with an old one in those
peculiar branches of industry which require a
large measure of skill and a vast accumulation
of capital for their successful and profitable
production in competition with the combined
talent, industry, and wealth of old and settled
communities.
The advocates of free trade forget that na-
tional art requires the protecting hand of the
central Government, as individual art does the
fostering hand of the parent. Iu fact, in leav-
ing the confines of the mere savage condition
of society, every step toward a higher and bet-
ter civilization" is made under the protecting
