1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ator that if the question is of sufficient impor-
tance the court below may certify an appeal.
Mr. CLARK. Where it is of general im-
portance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the distinction must
be arbitrary. If you have this intermediate
court of appeals do not let all the causes go to
the Supreme Court. You have got to establish
arbitrarily the point at which you stop.
Mr. CLARK. That is very true; the point
must be arbitrary; but I want that point to be
made so low that while it accommodates the
business of the court it shall satisfy suitors as
well; that you shall not make it so high that
there will be complaint. The Senator from
New York will allow me to say that we are
making a bill for the accommodation of the
public and the answering of the ends of justicc,
and not to satisfy the court. I should not think
of going to the Supreme Court to ask thom
what questions they would choose to try or what
they would like.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But I will ask the Sen-
ator if he would not ask those learned judges
what cases they can try. Tf the Senator will
allow mo, T will illustrate this. In the circuit
court of the United Slates, a few years ago, I
tried a cause that occupied nine days. It was
a very important cause, not so much because
of the amount that was involved in that par-
ticular case, but to settle the rights to a very
important work of general interest that affected
the commerce and trade and business of the
capital of the State. An appeal was taken to
the Supreme Court. It lay here ; the judges
reached it ls soon as possible, but it was im-
possible to reach it until two or more years
had rolled around. In the mean time the busi-
ness of that city was very much hindered, en-
terprise was checked, because that question
was not settled. Any court would have de-
cided that that question ought to go to the
Supreme Court of the United States ; and yet,
because the judges could not hear it promptly,
great injury was done. Now, is it not proper
to ask the judges how many cases they tan
try? They know better than we do. There-
fore, I submit to their judgment on that ques-
tion how many cases they can decide in view
of the interests of the litigants.
Mr. CLARK. Let us see, Mr. President,
how this maybe. I take it that we are not
always to accede to what may be the opinions
of the court in that regard, {hat we may have
some knowledge ourselves and may act on our
own judgment. Now, we propose, in the lirst
plaec, to relieve the Supreme Court of all ques-
tions of fact, which take a third or a half of
their time. That of itself will so facilitate the
business that they may transact that which is
before them. But in addition to that, we pro-
pose to carry the sum which limits their appel-
late jurisdiction up to $5,000 instead of $2,000;
and then when you go into the circuit court
we relieve the supreme judge, of all circuit
business. lie is obliged to go into the court
of appeals and spend some time there, but the
Supreme Court may spend much more time
here; the court may have more leisure, more
time to recuperate and recover strength, and to
come here and work with much more efficiency
if the vacation is so valuable, as stated by the
Senator from Massachusetts, and I have no
doubt it is.
The point is this : I think the Senate would
go too far in carrjing the amount fixing the
jurisdiction to $10,000. Wo had bettor try
$5,000 in the lirst instance. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Jonxsox] says to me, " Make
it $0,000." I agree to make it $6,000. Iam
not disposed to have any controversy about the
matter, but I am satisfied that very much of
the business coming from my section of the
country never could and never would reach the
Supreme Court as the bill stands, and the peo-
ple would be dissatisfied. It would be shut-
ting the door and be a perfect bar to them ; and
so it must be in a great many other sections of
the country. If the Senator from Wisconsin
assents to $6,000, I am willing to take that as
a compromise.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have taken'no part
in this debate, and do not expect to do so,
because the gentlemen who are conducting it
understand the subject much better than I can
possibly do ; but I rise to suggest to the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire and to the Senator
from Wisconsin and others, who have argued
this subject, that they seem to suppose that no
appeal or writ of error will go to the Supreme
Court unless there be a judgment for $10,000
in the court of appeals.
Mr. CLARK. No, we do not.
Mr. HENDERSON. If a plaintiff claims
ยง10,000 in his declaration and recovers only
$100, he can take the case to the Supreme
Court.
Mr. HARRIS. No.
Mr. HENDERSON. You think not.
Mr. HARRIS. That is my opinion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yesterday the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] started the ques-
tion. I was not prepared at that moment to
answer it; but since then I have examined the
authorities on the subject, and I find it abun-
dantly settled in a case before me, in 3 Peters.
I shall not detain the Senate by reading that
decision. The judiciary act of 1789 allowed
an appeal to the Supreme Court in cases where
the amount in dispute should be $2,000 or over.
That language,' 'amount in dispute,'' is changed
in this bill to "amount in controversy." I sup-
pose that will make no difference, but I suggest
to the Senator from Now York that it would be
better to adopt the same word "dispute," be-
cause its meaning has been judicially settled
and fixed ; and by using the same words the
court will have no trouble, though I suppose
the expressions mean the same. In the ease
of Alexander Gordon, and others, vs. Francis
B. Ogden, 3 Peters, 83, this question came up
and was thoroughly discussed and determined.
I will read the head notes of that decision :
"Tho plaintiff below claimed more than two thou-
sand dollars in his declaration, but obtained a judg-
ment for a less sum.
"The jurisdiction of this court depends on the sum
or value in dispute between the parties, as the case
stands upon tho writ of error in this court, not on
that which was in dispute in the circuit court.
"If tho writ of error be brought by the plaintiff
below, then tho sum which the declaration shows to
be due may bo still recovered should tho judgment
forasnmllor sum be reversed ; and consequently tho
whole sum claimed is still in dispute.
But if the writ of error be brought by the defend-
ant in the original action the judgment of this euiu t.
can only affirm that of the circuit courts, and conse-
quently tho matter in dispute cannot exceed tho
amount of that judgment. JNothing but that judgment
is in disputo between the parties."
That is not the only case. I have looked at
half a dozen cases where it has been abun-
dantly settled. I refer the Senate to the case of
Wilson vs. Daniel, 3 Dallas, 401, whore the
same principle was settled ; and also to the case
of Course vs. Stead's executors, 4 Dallas, '22-,
and also to a case in 7 Peters, G34.
Senators seem to argue this question as if no
ease could ever get to the Supreme Court where
the judgment below would not be $10,000.
There is never any difficulty in the plaintiff
claiming enough; ho has no difficulty in swear-
ing to his declaration ; his declaration may claim
as much as he chooses, and if he recovers only
SI00, he can get in the Supreme Court; there
is no trouble about it.
The Senator from Maryland yesterday insisted
that the business of the Supreme Court would
be so much lessened by the provisions of this
bill that it would ! e a very bad idea to adopt
this S10,000 clause. Five thousand dollars
would be amply sufficient, he said. Let us look.
I understand from the judges of the Supreme
Court that they are three or four years of busi-
ness behindhand now. Suppose that all the
Senator from Maryland said be true, suppose
that this bill by relieving the Supreme Court
from an examination of the facts appearing on
the record and confining them to the law enables
them to attend more conveniently to the busi-
ness that comes before them, I cannot see how
the Supreme Court can ever apply principles
of law very well unless they have the facts in the
bill of exceptions. They must have the facts
of the case in order to ascertain and determine
what principle of law applies, and they are not
going to be disburdened a great deal by that
provision of the bill. But even if they were to
the extent urged by the Senator from Maryland,
let me suggest that this business now of three
years yet undetermined has accumulated here
in the absence of all the southern States. I
apprehend the Union will be restored sometime
soon. I apprehend the southern States will be
again in their political relations to the Govern-
ment at some time or other, and that they will
begin to send causes here.
I believe the Supreme Court has determined
already to take up eases that were here from
the southern States, and I see no reason why
cases cannot be brought, from those States. I
do not know what the determination of th#
court would be on that point. A case might
come here from those States and be set aside
by the courtas not properly coming; but on the
other hand they may take them up, and if they
do, tho business at least will be one third greater
than it is from the present loyal States. There-
fore the court will not be relieved any by this
provision, cannot possibly be relieved. What
the court will gain by the provisions of this
bill, in not being required to examine the facts
of cases coming up from the northern States,
they will receive in the shape of additional busi-
ness in a short time from the southern States.
I think, therefore, that the bill as it stands-
ought to be adopted, at least until tho Supreme
Court can get rid of the vast mass of business
that is now before' them. If Senators desire,
let the bill go back to the Judiciary Committee,
and lot them adopt the principle suggested by
tho Senator from Wisconsin yesterday, that sep-
arate judges for circuit duties he selected; and
I think the Senator from New Hampshire has
made the same suggestion.
Mr. CLARK. Let me sa,y to tho Senator
that there was a bill of that kind introduced by
myself and sent to the Judiciary Committee,
Mr. HENDERSON. I thought so.
Mr. CLARK. It was considered by the com-
mittee with this bill and did not receive their
approbation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was only going_ to
suggest that if Senators insist upon reducing
the amount here, I think some plan of that sort
ought to bo adopted. If we retain the $10,000
clause here, and let no case come up to the
Supreme Court that docs not present a contro-
versy for that amount, the Supreme Court, per-
haps, in the course of three or four years can
get through the mass of accumulated business ;
and then, if it be deemed advisable, let us re-
duce this amount to $5,000, or let us adopt the
other plan of having circuit court judges to
perform these duties separate and distinct from
the judges of the Supreme Court. I do not
know that 1 should vote for a proposition of
that sort. I am very much inclined to believe
that the judges of the Supreme Court are made
better judges by performing circuit court duties.
That lias been my opinion, and I have seen no
cause to change that opinion during the dis-
cussion here. But would it not be better for
the time being to retain the $10,000 clause,
and wait awhile, especially as the Senator from
Massachusetts has succeeded in ingrafting an
amendment on tho bill putting in the patent
laws, and I really can see no use for that? If
a plaintiff in an action of trespass for infrin-
ging his patent claims $20,000, (ancl it is a very
easy mutter so to do,) and he recovers $100,
can he not bring the case to the Supreme Court
under the provisions of this bill? Certainly
so. I know defendants cannot do it; but
plaintiffs will bring cases into the Supreme
Court in order to get all the questions under
the patent laws and revenue laws adjudicated,
so as to be uniform throughout the nation.
If it becomes important at any time that a
principle should be settled even under the
patent laws, a party can sue for $20,000 and
recover a dollar, and can bring the case, under
the provisions of this bill, to the Supreme
Court. It is a very easy matter to do so. In
that way wo get uniformity. These courts of
appeal surely will be courts possessing ability
