1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Delano.
Ho. oi? Reps.
the principal aliment for the sustenance of the
theory of free trade.
The bill now before the House does not al-
together meet my own views in reference to
the theory or the manner in which a revenue
bill should be framed. But, sir, I am for it.
I think there is a class of persons in this House
whose interests are with mine, who show some
signs of giving way and going against this
bill, hut who ought, like myself, to be for it.
It is for their ears that I venture, not with the
expectation of convincing them, but for their
attention, nevertheless, a few remarks. There
is another class of persons, those not directly
interested with me, those, perhaps, who are
interested adversely, but who have consented
to or have arranged and agreed upon the main
features of this bill, and who, I think now, not
only in this House but out of it, ought to stand
up to that arrangement and not start the hue
and cry against the bill out of the House or
in the House after they have signified their
assent to it. I do not mean that this opposi-
tion is started in the House, but I do fear that
some parties who have consented to this ar-
rangement are not, out of the House, living
np in good faith to the compromises that have
been made.
Within all my recollections of public events
this is the first bill that has ever been brought
before Congress that did justly protect, or that
approached anything like just protection to the
agricultural interest of the land. Hitherto it
has seemed that, in the course of legislation,
there was no protection to be given to the man
who labored on the soil, and brought things out
of the soil, and made wealth in the production
of the raw material, but it was to be given to
him only who wrought it out and converted it
into fabrics. The day has gone by when this
discrimination should bo made. The hour has
come, and I wish to say it to members of this
House, that those who represent that great in-
terest of producing the raw material must and
will be fairly heard and fairly represented in
this matter, and it is for that interest that I
speak.
I know how difficult it has been to bring this
interest before Congress. Capital engaged in
manufactures is combined and consolidated.
Its influence can be condensed and brought to
bear upon legislation, but in the case of agri-
culture it is diversified, scattered, and spread
abroad over the nation; it cannot be concen-
trated. And hence concentrated capital has
made itself powerful and great and mighty for
protection. The interests of agriculture have
been neglected, because they have not been
represented. The day has come when it must
be seen by statesmen how important these agri-
cultural interests are, and how they demand
just, proper, equal protection at the hands of
the national Legislature. It is because this is
the first j^ill that has ever proposed justice to
this interest that I will go for it, and thus, if
possible, place agricultural interests on an equal
footing with other interests and among the other
interests that, are protected, so that when the
tariff has to be modified and reformed, as I have
no doubt it will in time have to be, the interest
for which I speak may have a voice and a hear-
ing in the reformation and correction and in
the proper adjustment of the revenue question.
Are we to forget, gentlemen, have wo not
in the whole history ol'our legislation in Amer-
ica forgotten, that one of the great pillars upon
which our country rests is agriculture ? I ask
you, where would bo your commerce and where
your manufactures were it not that you were
furnished with material for their sustenance and
support by those who plow the earth and cause it
to bear fruit and grain and materials for your
use? I ask you if the time has not come when
this interest deserves and has a right to receive
at your hands a fair and equal protection with
other interests in the adjustment of your reve-
nue laws. Now, sir, I do not propose, as I
have before said, to discuss the details of this
bill. I concede that there are many things in
it that are imperfect. But I assert that it does
protect the agricultural interest, and will bring
that interest somewhat upon a level with the
other interests of the nation in the future ad-
justment of our revenue laws.
No sooner was this bill placed before Con-
gress than the free-trade howl began all over
the land; and I am sorry that I was compelled
to hear a voice from Massachusetts in the other
end of this Capitol saying that New England
did not want this bill. 1 do not pretend to
intimate that there are any gentlemen in this
House who have sanctioned that cry. But the
voice came from Massachusetts that New Eng-
land does not want this bill; and why? I can
look at the facts and see the reason why she
may not want it. Although this bill largely"
advances the protection upon manufactures, it
also puts protection upon the raw material for
which she has had heretofore the markets of
the world in which to seek supplies, and often
without duties; and perhaps New England
would prefer, or the gentleman who sounded
this key note would prefer, to stand by the law
giving protection to Massachusetts as it is,
without any protection to agriculture, rather
than advance the protection on manufactures
and place agricultural protection along side
of it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I fear there is some
misapprehension as to the opinions of New
England, and as I may not have another op-
portunity to say a word, if the gentleman from
Ohio will indulge me for a moment, I will say
now that although I have no authority to speak
for New England or for Massachusetts as a
whole, I think I am able to comprehend the
general idea of the people. I think it is this:
that they are in favor of protection as the gen-
eral policy of the country, not protection to
manufactures or to commerce or to the me-
chanic arts merely, but to agriculture also. It
is a policy by which they have lived and pros-
pered, and they are likely to remain in the
support of that policy under all circumstances.
If there is any difficulty to-day in New Eng-
land in reference to this bill it is not, 1 think I
may say, in consequence of any particular
interests which they think are fostered else-
where at the expense of New England. Nor
is it because they think that in this bill, as a
whole, New England interests are not suffi-
ciently protected. But New England, as the
gentleman well knows, had a long and, during
some periods of its progress, a bitter warfare
with other sections of the country in reference
to protection to domestic industry.
If I apprehend the sentiments and the pur-
poses of the people of New England, they are
not anxious to continue a contest of that sort.
While they mean to maintain the principle and
the policy of protection with reference to their
own interests, with reference to the interests
of the whole country, what they ask of Con-
gress and of the country is a protective system
which shall not only protect the interests of
New England, but shall so protect all the in-
terests of the country as to commend itself
generally to the whole country. The difficulty
in New England to-day is, then, not with ref-
erence to this bill, but it is from this circum-
stance: that in other sections of the country,
and particularly in the great West, with which
New England desires to be in accord upon this
great subject of protection, there appears to be
determined hostility to this bill. This is the
aspect, as I understand, upon which New Eng-
land presents herself to Congress and to the
country in reference to the bill now under con-
sideration.
Mr. DELANO. I shall have a few words H
to say before I have done to my friends of the !j
West who are accused of hostility to this bill, ji
and who thereby furnish an excuse to New 1
'England to deviate from her legitimate policy, j
as laid down by the gentleman from Massa- j
ohusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.] I am very glad to :i
hear from that gentleman that the general pol-
icy of New England is to protect all the inter-
ests of the country. And I beg of New Eng-
land now to show her faith by her works, and
not by her words only. If others in other
parts of the country, with whom New Eng-
land desires to act in harmony, are unwilling
to walk up to the line that New England be-
lieves to be the just line, still I ask New Eng-
land to stand up to what the country expects
from her, and go for that principle of equal
protection to all the interests which she says
she is in favor of. God forbid that I should
be understood as having any feeling against
New England!
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
mo for a moment?
Mr. DELANO. I will yield for an explana-
tion, but I have not time to yield for a speech.
Mr. DAWES. I want to ask the gentleman
if he desires New England to vote for this tariff
bill upon the West against the wishes and the
denunciations of the West. I say to him that
New England is ready to vote for this tariff bill
if the West wants it. But New England is not
ambitious to furnish the West a tariff bill and
then have the West relievo itself of allreponsi-
bility for it and heap upon New England the
denunciations that have been heaped upon her
in the past. She does not want the responsi-
bility of this bill shifted from the shoulders of
those who the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Del-
axo] has well said have more interest in it
than ever we have had in any tariff bill that lias
ever been passed. We are content with things
as they are; we are content with the hill; we
are content with things as they are rather than
with the bill, if we are to carry the load of
denunciations that is heaped upon us from the
West.
Mr. DELANO. God bless New England,
I was about to say, for her love for the West!
Mr. DAWES. We do not want it to be un-
derstood that we are forcing this tariff bill upon
the country; wo do not want it to be understood
by your leading organs in the West that New
England interests are forcing their protection
upon you and upon the West. We say firmly
to you, you made this tariff, we will abide by
it, and by the present state of things, if you
desire it.
Mr. DELANO. How pleasant are thy ways,
0 New England! You would not inflict a tariff
upon the West without their consent. God
bless you! How many years have you stood
up and demanded of us a tariff on the groiMid
that if it was not granted your manufactures
would go to ruin? How long have I stood in
Ohio against the free-trade Democracy and
been accused of being the employed advocate
of New England manufacturers? All the days
of my life. I have no feeling against New
England. But if she has at heart a principle,
and that principle is equal protection—and she
says so, aud 1 am bound to take her at her
word—1 say to her, show your faith by your
works, and come up now and vote for that
principle as you have always done before, when
you forced upon us your tariffs, with our feeble
assistance, those of us who were in the minor-
ity; you had then no conscientious scruples
about forcing upon the West what she did not
want. You were very glad then to get your
tariff, and you got it. I am glad of it, sir ; for I
feel that it has been a benefit to the country.
Now, I want you to come up to the broad work,
and when other interests are involved show that
you believe what you say, and that you do not
fall back from your faith the moment anybody
else is to participate in the benefits of protec-
tion. Nor do 1 believe that you will. I do
not believe that it is in New England to do so.
In what I have said here I do not wish to.
intimate that all this howl has come from New
England; but when I heard from a Senator!
representing New England the declaration that
the manufacturers of New England do notwant)
this bill, and when I saw the whole kennel of
