@76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6*
lican government," according to the require-
ment of American Institutions. Even if it may
satisfy some definition handed down from an-
tiquity or invented in monarchical Europe, it
jcannet satisfy the solemn injunction of ourCon-
stitution. For this question I now ask a hear-
ing. Nothing in the present debate can equal
it in importance. Its correct determination will
be an epoch for our country and for mankind.
Believe me, sir, this is no question of theory
orttbstraction. Itis a practical question which
you are summoned to decide. Here is the posi-
tive text of the Constitution, and you must now
affix its meaning. You cannot evade it; you
cannot forget it, without an abandonment of
duty. Others in vision or aspiration have dwelt
on the idea of a Republic, and they have been
lifted in soul. You must consider it, not merely
in vision or aspiration, but practically as legis-
lators, in order to settle its precise definition,
to the end that the constitutional "guarantee"
may bo performed. Your powers and duties
are involved in this definition. The character
of the Government founded by our fathers is
also involved in it. There is another consider-
ation, which must not be forgotten. In affixing
the proper meaning to the text, and determin-
ing what is a " Republican government," you
act as a court in the last resort from which
there is no appeal. • You are sole and exclusive
Judges. You may decide as you please. Rarely
in history has such an opportunity been offered
to the statesman. Yon may raise the name of
Republic to majestic heights of justice and truth,
or you may let it drag low down in the depths
of wrong and falsehood. You may make it fulfill
the idea of John Milton, when he said that "a
commonwealth ought to be butas one huge Chris-
tian personage, one mighty growth or stature
of an honest man, as big and compact in virtue
as in bodyor you may let it shrink into the
ignoble form of a pretender, with the name of
.Republic, but without its soul.
ORIGIN or THE GUARANTEE.
Before considering this vital question, it will
be proper to look at tlie origin of this " guar-
antee," and see how it obtained a place in the
Constitution. Perhaps there is no clause which
was more cordially welcomed; nor does it ap-
pear that it was subjected to any serious criti-
cism in the National Convention, or in any State
Convention. It is not found in the Articles of
Confederation. But wo learn from the Feder-
alist (No. 21) " that the want of this provision
was felt as a capital defect in the plan of the
Confederation." Mr. Madison, in a private
record made in advance of the National Con-
vention, and which has only recently seen the
light, enumerates among the defects of the Con-
federation what ho calls "want of guaranty to the
States of their Constitutions and laws against
internal violence,'' and he thou proceeds to anti-
cipate danger from slavery, which could be coun-
teract ed only by such a ''guarantee." In show-
ing why this was needed he says that, " accord-
ing to republican theory, right and power being
both vested in the majority, are held to be syn-
onymous ; according to fact and experience, a
minority may, in an appeal to force, be an over-
match for the majority," and he then adds, in
words which furnish a key to the " guarantee "
afterwards adopted, " where slavery exists the
becomes still more fallacious;"
(Madison's Writings, vol. i, p. 322)—thus show-
ing tnat, at its very origin, it was regarded as a
check upon slavery.
Hamilton was not less positive than Madison,
in his sketch of a Constitution, submitted to
the National Convention at an early stage of
its proceedings, this '' guarantee " will be found,
and in the elaborate brief of his argument on
the Consbtatron, (Hamilton's Worts, vol. ii,
^ a ls,sP®01fied as one of its " miscella-
neous advantages." The last words ofthisre-
ai2 £Juarantee of Republican
sketch Pa of Virginia, in his
sketch oi a Constitution proposed the "guar-
oM =V^iT„eChJ!^^hthe evils
Debates, vol. v, pp. 127., 128.) Colonel Mason,
of Virginia, taking up the same strain, said
that, though the people might be unsettled on
some points,_ they were settled as to others,
among which' he put foremost "an attachment
to republican governments." (Ibid, 217.) _
The proposition in its earliest form was'' that
a republican government, and the territory of
each State, ought to be guarantied by the Uni-
ted States to each State." (Ibid, 128.) This
was afterward altered so as to read, "that a
republican Constitution and its existing laws
ought to be guarantied to each State by the
United States.'' Gouverneur Morris made haste
to say that the proposition in this form was
"very objectionable," and he added that he
should be very unwilling that such laws as
exist in Rhode Island should be guarantied.
(Ibid, 8S2.) After discussion, it was amended',
on the motion of Mr. Wilson, the learned and
philosophical delegate from Pennsylvania, af-
terward of the Supreme Court of the United
States, so as to read, "that a republican form
of government shall be guarantied to each State,
and that each State shall be protected against
foreign and domestic violence," (Ibid, 333;)
and, in this form, it was unanimously adopted.
(Journal of Convention, 113-189.) Afterward
it underwent modifications in the Committee of
Detail and the Committee on Style, (Ibid, 381,)
until it received the final form which it now
has in the Constitution, as follows:
The United Statesshatt puaranty to every State in this
Uniona Hcpublicanformof government, andshall pro-
toot each of them against invasion; and on applica-
tion of the Legislature, or of the Executive, when the
Legislature cannot be convened, against domestic
violence."
Thus stands the "guarantee." If any further
reason be required for its introduction into the
Constitution it will be found in the prophetic
language of the Federalist:
"It may possibly be asked, what need there could bo
of such a precaution and whether it may not become
a pretext for alterations in the State governments
without the concurrence of the States themselves.
These questions admit of ready answers. If the inter-
position of the General Government should not be
needed, the provision for such an event will be a
harmless superfluity only in the Constitution. But
xoho can say what experiment may be produced by the
caprice ofparticular Slates, by the ambition of enterpris-
ing leaders, or bp the intrigue and influence of foreign
PoicersV'—The federalist, No. xxi: see also Story's
Commentaries on the Constitution, vol. ii, sec. 1811.
The very crisis herein anticipated has arrived.
"The caprice of particular States," and " the
ambition of enterprising leaders" have done
their worst. And now the "guarantee " must
be performed, not only for the sake of indi-
vidual States, but for the sake of the Union
to which they all belong, and to advance the
declared objects of the Constitution, specified
in its preamble.
The text of this great undertaking is worthy
of study. No stronger or more comprehensive
words could be employed, whether we' regard
the object, the party guarantying, or the party
guarantied. The express object is a "republi-
can form ofgovernmcnt.'' This is plain enough.
The party guarantying is not merely the Exec-
utive or some specified branch of the National
Government, but "the United States," or in
other words, the Nation. The Republic, which
is the impersonation of all, guaranties a "re-
publican form of government," and every
branch of the National Government must sus-
tain the " guarantee," including especially Con-
gress. where is the collected will of the people.
l'he obligation is not less broad when we con-
sider the party guarantied. Here there can be
no evasion. The "guarantee" is not merely for
the advantage of individual States, but for the
common defense and the general welfare. ' It
is a "guarantee" to each in the interest of all;
and, therefore a "guarantee'' to all. And such
is the solidarity of States in the Union, that the
good of all is involved in the good of each
For each and all, then, this "guarantee" must
be performed when the casus foederis arrives.
As a guarantor, the Republic, according to a
familiar principle, is called to act on the default
of the party guarantied; but when the default
has occurred, then the duty is fixed in all its
amplitude.
WHAT IS A REPUBLICAN GOVERNMENT?
The question then returns, what is "a Re-'
publican form of government,'' according to the "
requirement of the Constitution of the United
States 2 Mark, if you please,_ that it is not the-
meaning of this term, according to Plato and,
Cicero; not even according to the examples of
history; nor according to the definitions of mo-
narchical writers or lexicographers; but what
is " a Republican form of government'' accord- '
ing to the requirements of the Constitution of
the United States? Of course these important
words were not introduced and unanimously
ado.pted without a purpose. They must be in-
terpreted so as to have a real meaning. Any;
interpretation which renders them insignificant"
is on this account to be discarded as irrational
and valueless, if not dishonest-. They cannot
be treated as a phrase only; nor as a 4ead letter;
nor as an empty figure-head. Nor can they be
treated as a mere profession and nothing more,
so that the Constitution shall merely seem to be
republican; reversing the old injunction "to be
ratherthanto seem"—Essequamvideri. They
must be treated as real. Thus interpreted they
become at once a support of Human Rights and
a balanee-whccl to our whole political system.
REJECTED DEFINITIONS.
In determining their signification, I begin by
putting aside what is vague, unsatisfactory, and
inapplicable, in order to bring the inquiry di-
rectly to American Institutions.
I put aside all illustration derived from the
speculations of ancient philosophers, because,
on careful examination, it appears that the term
"Republic," as used by them, was so absolutely
different from any idea among us as to exclude
their definition from the debate. This capti-
vating term is of Roman origin. It is the same
as Commonwealth and means the public inter-
ests. As orginally employed, it was not a spe-
cific term, describing a particular form of gov-
ernment, but a general term, embracing all
Governments, whether kingly, aristocratic,dem-
ocratic, or mixed. Its equivalent in Greece was
"Polity," which was the general term for all
Governments. Therefore, the definition of a
Republic, according to these ancient masters,
is simply the definition of an organized Govern-
ment, whether kingly, aristocratic, democratic,
or mixed. Following this definition the words
of the Constitution are only the "guarantee"
of an organized Government, without determin-
ing its character. This, of course, leaves open
the very question now under consideration.
While the nomenclature of ancient philoso-
phers cannot be cited in determining the defi-
nition of a Republic, we may, nevertheless, be
encouraged by them in demanding that all gov-
ernment, under whatever name it maybe called,
shall be to establish justice and secure the gen-
eral welfare. Thus Plato, who commenced
these interesting speculations, is pleased to
liken government to a just man, delighting in
justice always, however he may be treated by
others; and the philosopher insists that every
man is a government to himself, as every com-
munity is a government to itself. According
to him, every well-ordered man, like every well-
ordered community, is a Republic. Aristotle,
in a different vein, and with more precision,
says,_ in most suggestive svords, that " every
political society is a sort of community or part-
nership," (Aristotle's Politics, book i, cap.
i,) that "the object of all good government is
the common good," (book iii, cap. iv,) that
' it is the best plan to admit to a participation
in the governing power as many as can be ad-
mitted with safety; for where large numbers are
excluded, there will be discontent and danger,"
(Ibid, book iii, cap. vi,) and that ''when the
One. the Few, or the Many govern well and
for the common good, theirs must bo called a
good Government." (Tb.) Cicero gives to the
same ideas new fervor and expansion, when he
says, "A Republic is for the good of the whole
people. But by the people I do not mean every
assemblage of men, anyhow gathered together,
but an assemblage united by a common accord
respecting rights, and a common enjoyment of
