2700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
asgis of government and law, while, as one
phase after another of industrial progress is
reached, the people are compelled to legislate
to protect the rights of every particular class
and every special industrial development; in
other words, to provide that the weak are not
overpowered by the strong, but that every in-
dividual capacity in man has a chance to bring
forth fruits meet for the sustentation and pres-
ervation of the whole society. Thus the his-
tory of civilization has been simply the history
of a series of progressive steps by which man
has subdued nature to the various uses of
society by the organization of labor under
the protection of the central authority. In
the feudal ages, the free cities were originally
communities, under the lead of elected chiefs,
organized for mutual protection against the
free traders, the robbers, and banditti of those
periods. In time their chiefs ceased to protect,
and, indeed, became the oppressors of their
people. Then the people appealed for pro-
tection to the central governments, the em-
perors. Thus feudalism was protection from
those who preferred jslunder to honest toil;
and modern society, under the lead of national
unity, is simply the protection of the whole
people, their art and industrj', from the adverse
competition of communities, in which, under
exceptional conditions of civilization, the
largest amount of labor consistent with con-
tinued existence is extracted from the im-
poverished and famishing many by the wealthy
and pampered few. It is as necessary, in mod-
ern times, that society should protect itself from
the competition of those who grew rich by op-
pressing the poor, as in ancient times it was
necessary to protect itself from those outside
robbers and barbarians who preyed directly
upon its weaker members.
The so-called democratic idea, that neither
from oppression of the rich or powerful at home
nor from the competition of the same classes
in our intercourse with foreign nations should
society protect itself, would end in anarchy and
civil war, and finally in a return to (lie savage
state in which the law of brute forceand thr con-
dition of native stupidity would have their most
perfect development. Free traders contend
"that is the best Government which governs
the least." But how, then, is it that as civili-
zation gives place to barbarism, Governments
become more complex, more varied in their
duties, and more extended in the spheres of
their action? Either our boasted civilization
is a failure and barbarism preferable thereto,
or the facts of history give the lie to the theo-
ries of free-trade philosophers. Thus, although
free trade and simple Governments, with limited
central powers, may be the normal conditions
of a barbaric people, protection and complex
Governments, with extended central powers,
are the normal conditions of civilized nations.
Barbaric nations, composed of tribes acknowl-
edging but a limited allegiance to a central
authority, are weak, both as regards internal
order ana external defense ; while on the other
hand, civilized nations, composed of communi-
ties acknowledging an extended allegiance to
a central authority, are strong both for pur-
poses of internal order and external defense.
In considering the question of a tariff for rev-
enue or protection, then, we should, at once dis-
miss from our minds the fallacy that because
it tends to the centralization of power it is
consequently opposed to the liberties of the
people. Thj$ is merely the clap-trap of the
political demagogue, and, like the cry of State
rights, so successfully used to lead the ignorant
and unwary into rebellion against the central
authority, should have no weight with the more
intelligent and better educated citizen.
Another freo-trade fallacy is, that the pro-
tection extended by a tariff on imports to the
manufacturing portion of the community is at
the expense of the agricultural classes, who,
in return for their outlay in increased prices
for manufactured articles, receive 110 compen-
sating benefits whatever. I will not go into a
lengthy disquisition upon this branch of the
subject. To do so would be but to travel over
ground heretofore so often occupied by abler
parties. I will say, however, in passing, that
the superior markets for agricultural products
created by home manufactures must always
largely counterbalance the enhanced prices of
manufactures, while the tendency of protection
to foster such manufactures must ever be to
cheapen their products. Capital and labor are
always attracted to the most profitable sources
of investment, thereby facilitating the tendency
to greater cheapness of production. This is
the recognized and universal law which gov-
erns supply and demand, and is uniform under '
all conditions of human society. But admit- |
ting, for the sake of argument, that in order to |
foster and encourage manufactures in a merely i
agricultural condition of society, it is necessary j
to tax the general public in the outset, on ac- ,
count of certain conditions of labor or capital :
in older communities, I contend that such tax
is a necessary condition of that stage of civil-
ization which calls for its imposition. Nations,
like individuals, have their periods of child-
hood, youth, and manhood. It is necessary
that the child should be instructed in the duties
of the life upon which he is to enter, and that
instruction must be at the expense of individ-
uals or the State at large. Modern civilization
recognizes the positive duty and necessity of
State education. Now, a merely agricultural
people are in a condition of imperfect devel-
opment. They are in the childhood of national
existence. Let them remain in such condition
and they will never attain to that acme of
prosperity or of civil or military distinction
which falls to the lot of their more progressive
neighbors. Indeed, in time they become the
prey of their more powerful and prosperous
rivals. If the State finds it absolutely neces-
sary to tax itself for the education of its chil-
dren in the theoretical duties of life, why should
it not find it still more necessary to tax itself
for the purposes of the practical application
of those duties ?
It will be noticed that the time and expense
incurred in preparing an individual for the
duties of life are apparently out of all propor-
tion to the benefits derived from those duties.
So the expense of preparing a new people, a
young and growing nation, for the actual strife
of existence appears out of all proportion to
the results. But such an expense must be
cheerfully borne, or the nation will never take
its proper rank among its sister States. As
regards modern civilization, what strength has
a merely agricultural community ? It has the
strength of brute force, as compared to modern
science and skill, with all their improvements
in arts and arms. The southern States of our
Republic gloried in this strength; boasted of
their agricultural wealth, declared cotton to
be king, and defied the intelligence, skill, and
science of the North. We all know the result.
And such result must always follow a contest
between a purely agricultural people and a
country in which agriculture, manufactures, and
commerce are blended in one harmonious
whole, each dependent on all, and all combin-
ing bo protect and preserve each. But as a
child must force itself or be forced by its pre-
ceptors or parents to prepare itself for the
duties of life, so must a merely agricultural
people force themselves or be forced to pre-
pare themselves for a more advanced condition
of civilization, in which employments are more
varied, and the resources of the nation more
perfectly developed. Protection, then, like
education, though possibly an abnormal condi-
tion of national manhood, is the normal con-
dition of national adolescence.
Since the formation of this Government the
opposing ideas of two great men have been
struggling for the mastery, and that struggle,
apparently, culminated in the late rebellion.
For a time it was doubtful whether the follow-
ers of Thomas Jefferson or of Alexander Ham-
ilton would control the Government, but the
struggle at length, apparently, terminated in
favor of the former.
Now. Mr. Jefferson and his followers had a
i horsey of progress ia- the direction of that civ-
ilization which was the rule as respects every
leading nation in Christendom ; while Mr. Ham-
ilton and hisfollowers sawthat, even if wc would
not, the circumstances of our geographical po-
sition compelled us to follow in the wake of older
countries or to relapse into mere barbarism.
Mr. Jefferson would fain have preserved the
United States in a mere agricultural condition*
of existence. He looked upon large cities as
sores on the body-politic, and his followers re-
garded banks and manufacturing corporations
as soulless monsters which were continually
devouring the substance of the people. Mr.
Hamilton, on the other hand, accepted the con-
ditions of modern civilization as the normal
state of society, and desired to prepare the peo-
ple for participation in their blessings and for
the mitigation of their evils. Thus we find the
Democracy taking for it3 mission the attempt to
preserve society in its merely agricultural con-
dition, in that period of happy childhood, to ad-
vance out of which, in the view of that party, was
butto encounter nothing but disappointment,
distress, and finally universal decay and death.
The mission of the Whigaud Republican parties,
on the other hand, is to prepare the nation for
that higher condition and more varied walks
of industry which are essential to advanced
civilization. The extreme conservatism of the
Democratic party was illustrated in its attempt
to preserve even slavery itself, the most simple
and child-like form of human industry, and one
only suited to the most primitive condition
of merely agricultural existence. It is not to
be wondered at, then, that a party so conserva-
tive of a condition of society, which rendered
manufacturing industry in its modern form
totally impossible, would oppose all measures
for the protection of such industry itself. It
was not thus so much the principle of protec-
tion itself which the older Democratic lights
opposed as the attempt to elevate manufactures
in the United States to that position and stand-
ing in the community which would give them
a controlling voice in the councils of the na-
tion and a social stains of the most towering
proportions. No doubt the leaders of the De-
mocracy instinctively felt that as manufacturing
industry prospered, a system founded on an
entirely opposite principle must deca}1; that
the wealth and progress of New England would
be a standing reproach to the poverty and sta-
tionary character of southern civilization. To
this day your fanatical secessionist denounces
the thrift of New England, and your provident
New BnglandeY the shiftlcssness of the South.
They represent the extremes of our national
civilization.
I have said that a merely agricultural coun-
try is but in its adolescencc. and lacks the bone
and sinew of manhood. To be sure it may
give raw recruits in abundance to a wealthier
and more powerful neighbor on which it is
dependent. In this way did Scotland in early
times, and does Ireland to this day, supply
England with men to fight its battles. In this
way does India supply Great Britain with the
raw material by which its outlying dependen-
cies are kept in subjection. In this way does
Ilussia draw from her vast steppes those agri-
cultural laborers who fill the ranks of her mon-
ster battalions. But it is the manufacturing
and commercial elements of those countries,
and the aristocratic families in alliance with
them, which direct all this brute force for good
or evil. Even the sinews of war are directly
contributed by manufactures and commerce.
What could we have done in the late war for
national existence if it had not been that the
manufacturing and commercial interests of the
country were on our side? An agricultural
country cannot stand the taxation necessary to
an expensive and long-continued war. South-
ern finances broke down at the very outset of
the rebellion, while northern gathered strength
with its progress. Beoaure we were then an
agricultural country, we could not, sustain the
vast accumulation of the old continental money.
And on the other hand, the manufacturing
interest of Great Britain enabled her to wage
! a war of a quarter of a century with Napoleon
