1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
I was referring, not to the Senator from Mary-
land before me, [Mr. .Creswell, ] but to the
Senator from Maryland over the way, [Mr.
Jonxsoif.] I hope my friend understands me
now. [Laughter.] the Senator from Mary-
land over the way [Mr. Johnson] told us yes-
terday that two thirds of the causes heard in
this court now, under the present laws, involve
less than $10,000; so that your bill, if there
were no other clauses in it but just this, would
strike out two thirds of the eases that come
here.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is to he supposed
that one half of those cases are brought here
by plaintiff's who have recovered a lets sum than
they asked in their declaration. Therefore, when
the Senator from Maryland said two thirds of
the cases here of course he meant two thirds
of one half.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, I submit
that my friend is mistaken. The Senator from
Maryland says that two thirds of the causes
heard in this court, as the law now stands,
involve less than $10,000 in amount.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the judgment.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir ; he does not say so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am satisfied that
must be the case, because the Senator was of
the impression, and so was I, yesterday, that
the judgment determined the amount; that is,
that the judgment, must be $10,000.
Mr. IIOWE. I do not know what might
have been the opinion of tho Senator from
Maryland on that point yesterday. I appre-
hend. however, he entertained a very different
opinion upon that point from what the Senator
from Missouri suggests. That was his state-
ment. I havothesameinformation from other
sources. I have no doubt it is entirely correct.
But, sir, this bill would not only strike off, if
that estimate is correct, two thirds of the causes
that come here, but it would strike off a still
larger propoition by virture of this second
hearing that is provided for in the court of ap-
peals before causes come here at all. When
suitors have already had two trials, it will be a
remarkable case that they will wish to bring
here. I am surprised to hear Senators and
lawyers argue as if it was the ordinary prac-
tice of suitors to litigate causes simply to gratify
a feeling of obstinacy or ofrevenge. That such
is the ordinary motive which governs suitors, I
took occasion to deny yesterday, and 1 deny it
to-day; and if I believed it was the ordinary
motive, my remedy would be not to secure that
luxury of revenge to your wealthiest classes
alone, but I would deprive every class and every
individual of it, and [ would open no courts
whatever to the indulgence of such a motive.
There are exceptions, as I said yesterday and
repeat to-day, but in point of fact the ordinary
rule is that men go to courts as they go to war,
for right and because they cannot get it in any
other way; and when they go there for that
purpose, let the Government sec, so far as it
can, that right is as secure to small fortunes as
it is to large ones.
But I put it to Senators to experiment in the
other way; make your limitation $->,000 ; or I
accept the suggestion of the Senator from New
Hampshire; I am willing to modify the amend-
ment and put it at §'->,000. Try that experi-
ment. If you find, contrary to the expectation
of the old practitioners in the Supreme Court,
that the calendar is still incumbered beyond
the capacity of the court, to determine the
causes, at the next session of Congress or at
the next session after that, when that fact is
unmistakably determined, when it does not
stand upon mere prediction but stands upon
verification, then provide a remedy, and then,
as I said yesterday, you can take one of two
remedies, either raise the amount upon which
a cau«e can come here on appeal, or provide
the other remedy which was referred to yester-
day by several Senators, and I think myself
that would be the better one; but that will be
time en ('Ugh to further disembarrass the litiga-
tion in that court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin as modified.
Mr. HARRIS. I am very anxious that this
bill shall be disposed of before the adjourn-
ment, and therefore hope the question will be
taken on this amendment now. I hope it will
be voted down; that we shall try the experiment
of allowing tho limit to stand as it is in the
bill as reported by the committee. I hope the
question will be taken now.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the motion
is to strike out $10,000 as the basis of an ap-
peal from the court of appeals to the Supreme
Court of the United States and to insert $6,000
instead. I shall vote for that motion. I shall
vote for it for the reasons which were so for-
cibly presented to us yesterday by the Senator
from Maryland. He remarked very properly
and very forcibly that the great desideratum in
the matter of the decisions of our courts was
uniformity. Now, what have we in tliisbill pre-
sented to us ? We have eleven appellate courts,
each of which operates within a separate cir-
cuit, and each of which is to be composed of
the circuit judge for that circuit as the presid-
ing judge and of all the district judges em-
braced within the circuit. It is supposed that
these courts will consist, upon the average, of
four or five judges. Of course, in every case
the district judges will constitute the majority.
As my f.-iend on the opposite side from
Maryland remarked, it is of all things desirable
that these courts, eleven in number, should
decide the same questions of law uniformly;
that there should be no variation in the course
of decision. I have a little distrust of these
new-fangled projects for the reorganization and
the improvement of our judicial system. There
has been existing iu thy State of New York for
several years past a reformed judiciary, and
that State is divided, I believe, into eight dif-
ferent circuits or districts within which there
is held at proper seasons of the year what is
called a supreme court. Each of these courts
makes a very great number of decisions every
year, most of which arc published in a series
of law reports ; and if I am not mistaken, the
great est complaint against the system that exists
in NewYoik is Ihe want of this same uniformity
of decision mentioned by the Senator from
Maryland. Indeed, the decisions of the su-
preme courts of the State of New York have
become really of very little value. The bar
there, if I am properly informed, "have very
little respect for the decisions of those supreme
courts, and the parties litigant, of course, are
never satisfied until their cases have been de-
termined by tho court of last resort, which in
that (State is called the court of appeals.
It is just as desirable to obtain this unifor-
mity in the Federal courts as in the courts of
the State of New York; and the question in
my mind is, whether a reduction in the amount
which is the basis of the appeal will have a
tendency to produce that uniformity. I think
it will, because by multiplying the number of
cases appealed to the Supreme Court of the
United States, we are more likely to obtain
this same uniformity; and I confess that, I am
not yet prepared in my own mind to say that
the press of business before the Supreme Court
of the United States is so great, or that it is
likely to become so great, as to justify the in-
troduction of this radical change in our judi-
cial system. It is possible that the judges,
learned, industrious, as they undoubtedly are,
might by some arrangements amongthemselves
secure a greater dispatch of business in that
court. 1 do not accuse them of inattention to
their duties, or an omission to bestow that de-
gree of industry upon their business which is
required at their hands; but I would rather
call the fact to their attention and ask them
whether they cannot by some means contrive
to dispose of the cases more expeditiously than
they have.doue heretofore. I am not without
some apprehension that they might do this,
and thus relieve suitors and the country.
I shall vote 10 reduce the amount. I cannot
see any justice in excluding from tho right of
taking an appeal to the Supreme Court, the
man in, whose case the amount in controversy
does not exceed the sum of $10,000. Under
the old system, which, has lasted more than
three quarters of a century, every suitor in a
circuit court had a right to take an appeal
where the matter in contest exceeded the sum-
of $2,000. I .believe the country has been well
satisfied with this arrangement, and I do not
believe the people generally, if they understood
this bill, would give iu their adhesion to a prin-
ciple which would exclude from the benefit of
appeal to the court of last resort of the United
States eight tenths at least of the cases which
now go there. They would be very apt, I think,
to suspect that the office of a judge of the Su-
preme Court of the United States was about
to become a sinecure. I do n<?t say that that
would be the effect by any means, but I am in
favor of keeping the door to appeals as widely
open as is practicable under the circumstances.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. CLARK. I aslc for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Davis, Fessenden,
Grimes, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Itirkwood, Morrill,
Nye, Wade, and Yates—13.
KAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Connosa,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Foster, Uuthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Hendricks, Morgan, Pomcroy, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Dixon, Doolittle, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Nesmith,
Norton, Poland, Iiamsey, Riddle, Sprague, and
Wright—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer this amendment to
come in at the end of section seven:
Final process from said district courts may run into
any judicial district of the United States, and shall
be executed by the proper marshal of such district,
whose duty it shall bo to execute the same and make
due return thereof, and who shall be subject to the
orders of the court issuing the same; and all interlo-
cutory and fina! orders of said courts in eases in equity
may be served and executed in any other district
where the person to be served or the person adjudged
to ba liablo or where the subject-matter of the suit
may he.
Mr. HARRIS. That amendment is a very
sweeping oncin its operation. If 1 understand
it upon its reading, it would Authorize the dis-
trict court of the United Stales for the north-
ern district of New York to issue an execution
to be executed in California or Oregon or any-
where else within the jurisdiction of the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes.
Mr. HARRIS. It would be a very extraor-
dinary provision.
Mr. HOWARD. Nothing extraordinary in.
principle, certainly, Mr. President. I believe
that in all the States final process from the
county courts runs into any part of tho State,
and maybe executed there by the sheriff of the
proper county. I fancy this is so in the State
of Now York, though 1 do not know exactly
how that may be. But the object of the amend-
ment is to remove a decided inconvenience
which exists under the laws as they stand at
present on the statute-book. For instance, 1
commence a suit in the eastern district of Mich-
igan, and obtain my judgment. The defendant
against whom the recovery is had, at the time
Intake out my execution is not in the district,
and has no property there, but is in the west-
ern district, only a few miles from the place
where J obtain my judgment. Under the law
as it now stands, in order to make my judg-
ment effectual, it is necessary for me to take
out a certified copy of the whole record and
commence a new suit against him in the west-
ern district, obtain another judgment there, and
in the mean time run tho risk of the defendant
running off into Illinois or Wisconsin, and es-
caping me a second time.
There are instances where this thinghasbeen.
practiced repeatedly to the great inconvenience
and injury of suitors. The object of this amend-
ment is to enable the proper marshal of any
district in the United Stales where the defend-
