1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3661
will let us consider this section without limit-
ing the debate. The House will see at once
that there are a great many articles put on the
free list that ought not to be there.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not de-
batable.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
sufferers by the portland fire.
Mr. HIGBY. I presume I will be pardoned,
on account of the extraordinary occurrence,
in giving notice to the members of this House
that any who feel disposed to contribute to the
sufferers by the recent fire in the city of Port-
land, Maine, can do so by handing in their
contributions to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Periiam,] and lie will see that the money
is immediately forwarded.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on thestate of the Union all debate
on the pending section terminate in three
minutes.
Mr. LB BLOND. I hope the gentleman
will extend the time.
Mr. MORRILL. I want one minute myself
and I want to allow two minutes to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania; but I will modify it
so as to allow the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Le Blond] five minutes, making eight minutes
in all.
The motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Suofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, in reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Myers] I will say that I consider
the policy he proposes a bad one. The same
policy was inaugurated in the State of Louis-
iana. Where we have recognized no foreign
language whatever, the population has imme-
diately assimilated and become American. In
Canada, on the contrary, where they keep up
the French language, there a distinct race has
been perpetuated. 1 hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, as we pro-
ceed, I give notice that I shall move to strike
outline nine, "chalk, white, or cliff stone."
It was put in the bill under the idea that we
had none in the country. I think the chair-
man will assent to its being stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to
this being stricken out.
Mr. KELLEY. I also propose to insert
between lines eighteen and nineteen "cam-
wood and palm oil," both raw materials, pro-
duced nowhere in this country, nor on this
continent, I believe.
Mr. DAWES. I shall move to insert at that
place "cat-gut and whip-gut."
Mr. MORRILL. No objection.
Mr. LE BLOND. _ I give notice that I shall
move to strike out lines five, ten to nineteen,
inclusive, and twenty-one to twenty-seven, in-
clusive. leaving line twenty remaining.
Gentlemen say that these articles ought to
be upon the free list because they are not pro-
duced in this country. I would ask gentlemen
if coffee and tea are produced in this country.
Yet those articles are taxed. The articles
embraced in this free list are all articles that go
into the manufacture of various commodities
in this country. Look at the articles in this
list exempt from duty. I find here "ivory,
unmanufactured." Whatisthatfor? Toenable
men who are manufacturing buttons and such
articles to obtain the raw material free of duty.
You have here "horns, horn lips, and hoofs."
Why put those articles in the free list? It is
simply for the purpose of enabling the particu-
lar men who perchance live in the eastern
States to obtain these articles for manufactur-
ing purposes free of duty, and yet you tax tea
and coffee, things that are not produced in this
country at all, but which enter into the con-
sumption of all classes of the community.
Then in the latter part-of this section it is
proposed to exempt wearing apparel that is
obtained by persons who go abroad. Now that
provision evidently opens the door to frauds.
Mr. MORRILL. That provision is adopted
from the Democratic tariff of 184G, and is a
provision which has been a law of the United
pvpr ennor*
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not care whether it
was adopted' under a Democratic Administra-
tion or not. If the gentleman will only allow
the entire bill to be made to conform to the
Democratic theory upon the subject, I will go
with him. But I do not believe in making
flesh of one and fish of the other. The truth
is that if you undertake to have a tariff for
revenue purposes alone, then you should make
it with reference to revenue only. But do not
discriminate in this manner in favor of the
manufacturing interests and against the con-
sumers of the country. This is all I have to
say on this point.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Myers, admitting free of duty publica-
tions in the Sclavonic language.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by adding
the words, "or in the original Irish or Erse
language." [Laughter.]
Mr. MYERS. I have no doubt that would
be very satisfactory to my friend from New
York, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. IIale's amendment was not agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Myers was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the last paragraph, '' cat-gut and whip-
gut."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Chalk, white, or cliff stone; cudbear : cuteh; cryo-
lite; dragon's blood; diamond powder, dust, orbort;
Esparte or Spanish grass; Gambier.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words " chalk, white, or cliff
stone."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert after what
was last read by the Clerk, " extract of hem-
lock bark."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
Horns, horn tips, and hoofs; ivory, unmanufac-
tured; paper waste.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
strike out "horns, horn tips, and hoofs."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LE BLOND. In order to make the
animal complete, I move to amend so that it
will read, " horns, horn tips, hoofs and tails."
[Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to insert after the
words '' ivory unmanufactured'' the words
"camwood and palm oil."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting the word "leeches" before the words
'' paper waste.'' I am informed by physicians
that leeches will be classed as animals, and if
not included in the free list they will be subject
to the duty on live animals.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to amend by striking
out the words " paper wSste," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words, "waste, or raw mate-
rial of whatever kind for manufacture into
paper."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by add-
ing to the amendment last adopted the words
" and not fit for any other purpose."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Fish, fresh caught, for daily consumption.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting after what has just been read the fol-
lowing :
Statuary, statues, busts, medallion portraits, paint-
ings, or other works of art, being the production of
American artists residing abroad, and which shall
be so certified by the artist or by a consul of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting "sumac" after the amendment just
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Wearing apparel in actual use and other personal
effects, (not merchandise,) professional books, im-
plements, instruments, and tools of trade, occupation,
or employment of persons arriving in the United
States: Provided, That this exemption shall not be,
construed to include machinery or other articles im-
ported for use in any manufacturing establishment
or for sale.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend by adding
to the paragraph just read the following :
Provided further, That any individual, or associa-
tion ol individuals, importing any.object of art for
presentation as a gift to the United States Govern-
ment, or to any Statcor municipal government,shall
be allowed a drawback for the amount of duty paid
upon such work so presented.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "States," inline twenty-
four, the words " brought here for personal
use and not for the purpose of sale;" so that
the clause will read as follows:
Wearing apparel in actual use, and other personal
effects, (not merchandise,) professional books, imple-
ments, instruments, and tools of trade, occupation,
or employment of persons arriving in the United
States, brought here for personal use and not tor the
purpose of sale: Provided, &e.
Mr. MORRILL. That amendment is hardly
necessary.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman will find, on
examination, that it is necessary. Unless some
such amendment be adopted large numbers of
books as well as other articles designed for
sale will be imported in evasion of the duty.
The amendment was agreed to, there being
—ayes forty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. FINCK. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the pending paragraph, "provided,
that coffee shall be free from all duty.''
The amendment was not agreed to, there
being—ayes 20, noes 73.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out in the first line of the pending
paragraph the words "and other personal
effects." It seems to mo that this clause will
open the door to extensive frauds upon the
revenue.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That, during tho
period of one year from the passage of this act, there
may be imported into tho United States, free of duty,
any machinery designed solely for and adapted to
the manufacture ot sugar Irom beets, including all
the preliminary processes requisite therefor, but not
including any machinery which may be used for any
other manufactures.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "beets," in the fifth line of
this section, the words " or sorghumso that
"any machinery designed solely for and adapted
to tho manufacture of sugar from beets or sor-
ghum" shall be admitted free. The manufac-
ture of sugar from sorghum, one of our western
productions, needs to bo encouraged as much
as anything else: and I think that we should
allow the machinery for this purpose to como
into the country free of duty.
