1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
ant may be or where his property may be that
is liable to be seized and taken into execution,
to serve an execution and return it into the
proper court.
And now, sir, I ask, what rational objection
can there be to this proceeding? Why should
a plaintiff who recovers judgment in the State
of New York against a defendant whose prop-
erty is in«Louisiana, be under the necessity of
employing counsel and relitigating the ques-
tions in the district of Louisiana in order to
obtain the fruits of his original judgment there;
simply doubling the expense, doubling the
trouble to which he is put in order to realize
his debt, and all the time increasing the hazard
of his debt?
Another tiling: in chancery proceedings
■where a party ta,s been properly served with
original process in the district where the suit is
commenced, if he passes out of that district he
is not subject to be served by the orders of the
court in that chanecry suit, and he cannot lie
held amenable for any contempt of the orders
of the court. This is another cause of incon-
venience which is a very serious one as we all
know who have practiced law in the courts of
the United States.
The adoption of this amendment will remedy
all these difficulties and enable the plaintiff who
has obtained a judgment to cxecute it in any
part of the United States, and enable a party
who has taken out an interlocutory order against
a defendant wlfo does not happen to be m the
district where the suit is commenced to serve
it upon him and hold him amenable in the same
manner as if he were in the original district.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator a question before he takes his seat. If his
amendment should be adopted, and an execu-
tion should be sent from the district in Michi-
gan to the district in California, for instance,
and placed in the hands of the California mar-
shal, and indorsed by him on the first day of
the month, and on the last day of the preceding
month a State court had rendered a judgment
against the defendant, and a sale should take
place under the process of the State court and
also under the process of the district court of
the United States for Michigan in the State of
California, who would hold the title?
Mr. HOWARD. The parly serving the pro-
cess first upon the property. "First come,
first served," is, I believe, not only the rule
of the mill but tho rule of the courts.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator may be
correct; but [ think it is the judgment that cre-
ates the lien, and not the execution. I do not
pretend to say that I have any objection to the
proposition, so far as it will enable a court to
send its process to another district. I believe
that the Senator is correct when he says that
most of the States enable their courts to send
process from one county into another county
m the State. That is the case in my State ; but
we have a special provision, that when final
process has been sent and placed in the hands
of the sheriff of another county than the one
in which the judgment was rendered, it oper-
ates as a lien 011 the real estate only from the
moment when it is indorsed by the sheriff.
Without some provision of this character, I
think the Senator will fail to accomplish what
he desires; or if he does accomplish the object
ofgiving some convenience to the plaintiff, who
is entitled to the process, he will yet produce
a great deal of inconvenience in the State to
which the process may have been sent, unless
ho provides something farther.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not aware that the
rendition of a judgment in a Federal court
operates as a lien either upon real estate or
personal property.
Mr. HENDERSON. It operates as a lien
on real estate within the district. There is no
doubt about that.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know how it may
bo in the State of Missouri; certainly it is not
so in the State of Michigan. There is no lien
created on the property until there is an actual
seizure of it 011 execution.
Mr. HENDERSON. Personal property?
Mr. HOWARD. No, as to real property.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the Senator
must be mistaken. The judgment itself is a
lien within thelimits of the district. There can
be no question about that.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Senator is mis-
taken a.s to the facts.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will ascertain.
Mr. HOWARD. It may depend on the rales
established by the courts ; I do not know how
that is; but it might depend also on the law of
the State.
Mr. CRESWELL. Allow me to make a
suggestion. I approve of the general scope of
the amendment, but I think great inconven-
ience may result from it in its present shape.
The gentleman from Michigan speaks of the
practice of the States. We have a practice in
Maryland by which we send authenticated
copics of judgments from one county into
another to be executed there; but our law re-
quires that the return shall be made to the
court of the county in which the property lies.
I think we might make a similar arrangement
here by requiring that the execution shall be
returned, and the proceedings, if any, had in
the court of tho district where the property
lies, and I would suggest that with a view to
the interests of third parties. Take this case:
in the city of New York, for instance, a judg-
ment is rendered in the district court; execu-
tion is issued and sent to California, levied
there upon lands, and returned again to the
district court in the city of New York. Those
lands may pass through the hands of half a
dozen different parties; they may have other
lands in connection with those lands; and those
parties will bo compelled to travel all the way
from California to New York to protect their
rights of property by litigation in the city of
New York. I think it would be much more
equitable and much more just to give the party
holding the judgment aright to proceed against
the party who litigated against him as defend-
ant in New York by sending an authenticated
copy of the judgment to California and requir-
ing the proceedings to be had in that court with
a view to enforce the lien acquired.
Mr. HOWARD. I should have no objection
to that.. My object is to make the judgment
effective without putting the party to the neces-
sity of recommencing a suit and trying his case
over again in another district.
Mr. CRESWELL. My suggestion gets rid
of that difficulty.
Mr. HARRIS. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Michigan contemplates a
great and radical changc in the execution of
judgments. There may bo something in it;
1 aiu not sure that a proposition of that sort
properly matured would not meet my approba-
tion ; but it is quite too important, a measure
to attach to a bill of this kind in a single sen-
tence. It will not do. Every State has its
own peculiar laws in relation to the lien of
judgments and the effect of the lien of execu-
tions ; perhaps no two States agree in that
respcct. I suppose the different States have
their different laws in relation to the liens to be
created upon judgments of the Federal courts.
We have a statute on that subject in my own
State, and I suppose every Senator will say
that there is a statute in his own State in ref-
erence to it. How can you possibly adapt the
execution to be issued under a proposition like
this to the different State laws relative to the
lien of judgments? It is impossible. A meas-
ure of this sort ought to be matured with great
care. I am not sure that the general principle
contemplated by the Senator from Michigan
may not be right; I am rather inclined to think
it is ; I think I might agree to it; but I hope
it will not be attached to this bill. 1 hope that
a bill will be matured by him in reference to
that, and let us consider it. It will .never do
to adopt a proposition like this in an amend-
ment such as thatpresented to the Senate now.
Mr. GRIMES. Several Senators around me
here suggest that this is too important a meas-
ure for us to pass upon with this slight consid-
eration, and have suggested the propriety of
adjourning in order to give further time to
consider it. I therefore move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 3, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
Thq Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday a report was
made from the Committee on Printing which
was not ordered to be printed. If there be no
objection, the order to print will be made.
No objection was made.
DESTITUTE PEOPLE OS THE DISTRICT.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
Committee for the District of Columbia joint
resolution of the Senate No. 49, for the tem-
porary relief of destitute people in the District
of Columbia. I may state that it is for the re-
lief of destitute people without regard to color;
it includes whites as well as blacks.
Mr. ANCONA. I would like to have the
resolution read.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to reserve the
right to object after the reading.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to say before
the resolution is read that I hope gentlemen
who feel disposed to object will reserve their
objections until they hear the report of the
Superintendent of Police, Mr. Ricliards, upon
this subject read.
The joint resolution was read. It appropri-
ates S^5,000 for the temporary relief of the
destitute population of the District of Colum-
bia, to be expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now ask that the com-
munication be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department op Metropolitan Police,
Office Superintendent, 483 Tenth Street West,
Washington, March 6,1866.
To the Board of Police:
Gentlemen : I have the honor at this time to sub-
mit a report, based mainly upon personal inspection,
of the sanitary condition of certain localities in tho
eity of Washington inhabited by colored people,
mostly known as "contrabands," together with cer-
tain other facts eonncetcd with the condition of these
people.
Tho first locality visited is known as " Murder Bay,"
and is situated between Thirteenth and Fifteenth
streets west, below Ohio avenue, and bordering on
tho Washington canal. Here crime, filth, and poverty
seem to vie with each other in a career of degradation
and death. Whole families, consisting of fathers,
mothers, children, uncles, and aunts, according to
their own statements, are crowded into mere apol-
ogies for shanties, which are without light or venti-
lation. During storms of rain or snow their roofs
afford but slight protection; while from beneath a
few rough boards used for floors the miasmatic efflu-
via. from the most disgustingly filthy and stagnant
water, mingled with the exhalations from the un-
cleansed bodies of numerous inmates, renders the
atmosphere within these hovels stifling and sickening
in the extreme. Theii rooms are usually not more
than six or ei^rht- feet square, with not a window or
even an opening, except a door, for the admission of
light. Some ot the rooms are entirely surrounded by
other rooms, so that no light at all reaches where
persons live and spend their days and nights. In a
space about fifty yards square I found about one
hundred families, composed of from three to ten per-
sons each, living in shanties one story in height, ex-
cept in a few instances where tenements are actually
built on the tops of others. There is a distance of
only three or four feet separating these buildings
from each other—not even as convenient as an ordi-
nary threc-fect alloy. These openings lead in so de-
vious a. course that one with difficulty finds his way
out again. Thus pent up, not even these paths are
purified by currents of fresh air. In one building
visited seventeen families were found upon the ground
floor, consisting of from two to seven persons, one
restaur.ant, and one boarding-house. Thesceondstory
is a large dance hall, where these people nightly
congregate for amusement.
Nearly all of these people came from Virginia dur-
ing the rebellion, andsome of them propose to return
whenever they are assured that they can get work to
do there and will be well treated. It was found that
from five to eight dollars per month arc paid for tho
