1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3663
ing twenty-five to fifty per cent, more than
provincial ships of the same character.
Mr. HOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine a question. Are not the
provisions of his amendment to inure exclu-
sively to the benefit of foreigners? You will
not allow foreign vessels to come in and re-
ceive American registers. Now, why compel
our people who use ships to pay all these ex-
penses and all these duties while you build
ships to go abroad and compete with our ship-
ping?
Mr. PIKE. I am glad the gentleman has
asked that question, for I wish to correct a
prevailing error in the House, and that is that
American ships have advantages over other
ships. I say to the gentleman that there is no
one single advantage that an American ship
of a thousand tons in the port of New York
has over a British ship except this single one
of the coastwise trade, which to ships is of
almost no importance.
The gentleman from Missouri seems to think
that these ships are to be sold foreign in order
to obtain the drawback. But it is not so. They
are to be held and owned by Americans. The
ship differs from other articles in this, that it
is constantly exported. Everyvoyage she goes
foreign, and a ship is as much entitled on any
fair ground to a drawback as any article we
now send foreign, and under the general law
obtain a drawback for. My object is simply
to build up our mercantile marine. Of course
that object would be defeated if, as the gentle-
man from Missouri supposes, ships should be
sold abroad.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move,
pro forma, to strike out the last word of the
amendment, merely that I may have an oppor-
tunity to ask the gentleman from Maine. [Mr.
Pike] if the effect of his amendment would
not be adverse to the protection of American
industry, and if a drawback is to be allowed
on all the foreign materials used in ship-build-
ing. and on these various articles of manufac-
ture, whether it would not confine the manu-
facture of these articles entirely to the foreign
material, thus shutting out our own domestic
articles. I take, for instance, steel. No Amer-
ican steel will be used and no American iron
will be used in ship-bnilding; foreign steel and
iron would be used-if they were to have a
drawback.
Mr. PIKE. I wish to say, in reply to that,
that here is the case of a manufacture which
I think the committee will all concur with me
in saying is one of the most worthy manufac-
tures of this country. The question is whether
this manufacture, which comes in direct com-
petition with foreign manufactures, shall con-
tribute to other xVmerican manufactures, and
for their benefit, to its own destruction. I say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that he
should not insist that the manufacturers of
iron should grow rich at the expense of the
ship-builder. This is a purely American arti-
cle, owned necessarily under our laws by Amer-
ican citizens, for no foreigner is allowed to own
an American vessel. It is produced and owned
by American citizens and run for the benefit j
of American citizens. It is idle to talk about
this being a great naval Power unless wc have
a commercial marine upon the seas. If you
pursue your present course you will drive
American ships from the ocean and make us,
as a maritime Power, second to the great,
Powers of Europe. You cannot have a great
navy unless you first have great tonnage. It
is a matter of national importance that our
vessels should not be driven from the ocean,
but that the harbors of Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia, instead of being crowded with
foreign vessels to carry our products abroad,
should be filled with vessels that fly at their
mast-heads the stars and stripes. _ I do hope
the committee will appreciate the importance
of this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate upon this
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to proyide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
leave of absence.
Mr. PERHAM asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for his colleague, Mr.
Lynch.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 37, noes 57.
So the motion was not agreed to.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, all
debate on the pending section and section six-
teen terminate in eight minutes.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by making it
one minute instead of eight minutes.
The motion of Mr. Ross was agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Morrill, as amended,
was then agreed to.
tariff bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules he
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased reve-
nue from imports, and for other purposes.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Pike.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire to say
that no reason has been given why we should
protect a special interest by a drawback that
does not apply equally to every article of ex-
port from any part of the country.
Mr. PIKE. We already give a drawback
on whisky.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Illinois. How is it with
beef, pork, and a thousand things of that kind?
Mr. PIKE. There is no tax on beef and
pork.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Pike, and upon a division there were
—ayes 23, noes 71.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. McRUER. I move to insert after section
fifteen the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the proviso in section
fourof an act entitled "Anact amendatoryof certain
acts imposing duties upon foreign importations,"
approved March 3,1865, shall be construed to include
no ship, vessel, or steamer, to or from any port in the
Sandwich Islands or Society Islands.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say in explanation
of this amendment 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
By order of the House debate is closed until
the seventeenth section is reached.
Mr. McRUER. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted. That upon tho
reimportation of articles once exported of the growth,
product, or manufacture of the United states, upon
which no internal tax has been assessed or paid, or
upon which such tax has been paid and refunded by
allowance or drawback, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid a duty equal to the tax imposed by
the internal revenue laws upon such articles.
Mr. HOGAN. I more to amend by insert-
ing after the words " and paid a duty equal to,"
the words "such drawback and."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I perceive that it will be
impossible to get through this bill to-day; I
therefore move that the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the bill of the House
(No. 718) to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. PRICE, (at
four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m,,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of James A.
Tait, John S. Slater, and 150 others, working men of
the city of Washington, asking for the establishment
of a, public park.
By Mr. KBLLEY: The petition of Horatio Stone
for balance due him for the execution of the statue
in marblo of John Hancock for the Senate wing of
the Capitol building, under instructions from the
Library Committee.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of the "Sclavonic
Fraternity" of theUnited States, stating that twenty
thousand of their people, speaking from fifteen to
eighteen idioms, are residents of the United States;
that no boolis in their language or any of its idioms
aro published here, and asking that books and publi-
cations in the Sclavonic languages may be admitted
free of duty.
IN SENATE.
Moxday, July 9, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
committee service.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore, in accord-
ance with tho order of the Senate directing the
Chair to fill the vacancy on the committee on
ventilation, appointed Mr. Ivirkwooo. "
petition's and memorials.
Mr. COWAN presented seven petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for an in-
crease of the tariff so as to afford better pro-
tection to American industry; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Wil-
liam Baker, praying for an extension of his
patent for an improved window- blind hinge;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Oifice.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
citizens of Washington, remonstrating against
any action of Congress modifying the condi-
tions of the charter of the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company, either in grant-
ing them larger powers or relieving them from
conditions voluntarily assumed; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. GUTHRIE presented the petition of A.
H. Markland, praying for compensation for
property destroyed by United States troops at
Paducah, Kentucky; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and tho Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 211) to improve and
enlarge tbe arsenal grounds at St. Louis, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 412) authorizing and
directing the sale of the property of the Uni-
ted States at Harper's Perry, West Virginia,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 471") for tho
relief John C. McFerran, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 116)
to make compensation for damages to property
held for religious and charitable purposes within
