1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1743
rent of these miserable shanties, except in some in-
stances where a ground rent of three dollars per month
is paid for a little spot covering a few square feet:
there some ot the more enterprising have erccted
cabins of their own. These, also, are in equally close
proximity to each other, so that it is with difficulty
that one can crowd between them.
On the west side of Fourteenth .street, near the
same locality, are a large number of small buildings,
which, however, arekeptin a somewhat morecleanly
condition, and are opened to light and ventilation.
Here some of the occupants of houses boast of small
back yards, but. so low and wet are their surfaces that
they are a curse rather than a benefit. Filthy water
here accumulates, from which, with the advent of
warm weather, the seeds of disease must spread
among and destroy the wretched people.
In each of these localities there are no proper privy
accommodations,, and those that exist are in a leaky
and filthy conditi'ongcnerally. Nor can tho sanitary
laws bo properly enforced against delinquents, for
they have no means wherewith to pay lines, and a
commitment to the work-house is no punishment. I
can see no efficient modo of remedying this evil, ex-
cept that scavengers be employed at the public ex-
pense to \ ihit the^e localities, though by far the best
remedy would be to require that these buildings be
razed to the cround.
Under the best sanitary laws that can bo enacted,
stringciitly enlorced, these places can be considered
as nothing better thfti propagating grounds of crime,
disease, and death; and m the case of a prevailing
epidemic the condition of these localities would bo
horrible to contemplate.
A similarly crowded lot of shanties exist on Rhode
Island avenue, between Tenth and Eleventh streets,
though as to i'rofth air and cleanliness a somewhat
better condition of things exists. Here in a space
some two hundred teet square two hundred and thir-
teen persons reside, mostly known as "contrabands."
There are several other places equally crowded
within the ciiy limits, which I have not yet had
time to visit and inspcct personally, for which pur-
pose I respectfully a^k for further time.
A. C. RICTTAftDS,
iSupan utcndoit.
Attest: T. A. LAZLWI3Y,
ticu ctary.
Adopted March 8, I860.
Mr. ANCOXA. After the reading of that
report I am not disposed to make any objec-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. If it comes out of the morn-
ing hour I will not object.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I object, if
it is intended to take action on the resolution
this morning. I will not object if the gentlq-
man does not design to take action this morn-
11} <T.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to have
action on it this morning, but if the House has
no objection I am willing it .shall be postponed,
say until to-morrow.
Air. HARDING, of Kentucky. Lot it be
referred.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It has been referred. It
passed the Senate without a dissenting vote. It
was referred to the. Committee for the District
of Columbia, and they ask leave to report it
back this morning. Action is desired upon it
at ilie very eailiest day possible for the benefit
of these destitute people, and if there \S no
really good objection to it I should like to hare
it disposed of this morning. I am willing, how-
ever, that it shall bepostponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Say the day
after to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
bill being reported and postponed and made
the special order for the day after to-morrow?
Mr. ANCONA. Would that prevent its
being referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. A majority can refer it.
Mr. ANCONA. Would it not necessarily
go there, as it contains an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. It would not, because
that point will be waived if the House receives
the report for consideration in the House by
unanimous consent.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was reported from the Committee for tho Dis-
trict of Columbia, postponed until the day after
to-morrow, and made the special order imme-
diately after the morning hour.
MESSAGE FliOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 184) to define
more clearly the jurisdiction and powers of
the supreme court of the District ot Colum-
bia : and also a bill (S. No. 27) making a grant
of lands in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction and extension of the Iron Mountain
railroad from Pilot Knob, in the State of Mis-
souri, to Helena, In Arkansas, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. In consequence of the ab-
sence and sickness of several members of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I have agreed
with the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, if the Iiouse will consent to it, that
the Naval Committee shall changejplaces with
the Military Committee.
No objection -was made; and the Committee
on Naval Affairs was called for reports.
NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back, with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute,
bill of the House No. 163, to further regulate
the appointment of rear admirals and for the
appointment of certain volunteer officers to the
regular Navy.
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that the Secretary of the Navy shall
appoint a board of three naval officers above
the grade of commodore (o examine and select
for promotion to the office of rear admiral a
number of commodores from the active or re-
tired lists who shall bo deemed by them most
meritorious in character, ability, and honor-
able service, equal to two commodores for each
vacancy, one of which to be nominated to the
Senate by the President for confirmation as rear
admiral; provided no further promotions shall
be made while the whole number on the active
and retired lists shall equal the number now
authorized by law.
Section two provides that of tho line officers
of the Navy on the active list., five lieutenant
commanders, twenty lieutenants, fifty masters,
and seventy-five ensigns may be appointed from
volunteer officers of the Navy who have served
for a period of not less than two years, and
may now be in the service, or have been hon-
orably discharged therefrom; provided that if,
by reason of these appointments, the number
of officers in any grade in the Navy shall exceed
the number now fixed by law, no more appoint-
ments shall be made until the number shall be
reduced to that fixed by law.
Section throe provides that the Secretary of
the Navy shall appoint a board consisting of
three naval officers, superior in rank to the
officers fo be appointed from the volunteer
ser\ice, to examine the claims of all candi-
dates, and to select and report from the most
meritorious in character, ability, and honorable
service, twice the number to be transferred to
the several grades mentioned, from whom the
Secretary of tho Navy shall select the persons
to be appointed to each grade. Any officer
who has served for two years or more in the
Navy shall have the right to appear before the
board for examination.
Section four authorizes the Secretary of tho
Navy to retain or appoint, under existing laws
and regulations, such volunteer officers of tho
Navy as tho exigencies of the service may re-
quire, until their places can be supplied by
graduates from the Naval Academy.
Section five repeals all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with this act.
The question was taken upon the substitute,
and it was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that, the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF TIIE NAVY
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com1
mitt.ee on Naval Affairs, reported back, with
sundry amendments, House bill No. 197, to
provide for the better organization of the pay
department of the Navy. ' '
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the active list of the pay corps
of the Navy shall consist of one hundred pay-
masters, fifty passed assistant paymasters, and
fifty assistant paymasters; promotions to be
made subject to such examinations as are now
required by law and may be hereafter estab-
lished by the Secretary of the Navy.
Section two provides that passed assistant
paymasters shall give bonds for the faithful per-
formance of their duties in the sum of $15,000;
and their annual pay shall be, at sea, $1,875
each; on other duty, $1,500; on leave or wait-
ing orders, ยง1,200.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will explain
tho amendments which the committee have rec-
ommended. They are merely to reduce the
numbers named in the bill. 'The first section
of the bill now provides that the pay corps of
the Navy shall consist of one hundred paymas-
ters, fifty passed assistant paymasters, and fifty
assistant paymasters. The committee propose
to amend so as to reduce the number to eighty
paymasters, forty passed assistant paymasters,
and thirty assistant paymasters.
Tho committee also propose to reduce the
pay provided in tho second section, from $1,875
to $1,500 while at sea, and from $1,500 to
$1,400 while on other duty.
The question was taken on the amendments,
and they were agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsidSr
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMANDERS REYNOLDS AND TTOOLSEY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, also reported
back, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
joint, resolution (S. No. 2) for the restoration
of Commanders William B. Reynolds and Me-
lancton B. Woolsey, United States Navy, to the
active list from the reserved list.
'The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EFFECTS Olf NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, also reported
back, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,  
bill (S. No. t)4) entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled 'An act for the relief of seamen and
others borne on the books of vessels wrecked
or lost in the naval service,' approved July 4,
1864, and for other purposes."
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides
that in case any officer of the Navy or Marine
corps on board a vessel in the employ of the
United States which, by any casualty, or in
action with the enemy, has been or may be sunk
or otherwise destroyed, shall thereby have lost
his personal effects, the proper accounting offi-
cers shall be authorized, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Navy, to allow to such officer
a sum not exceeding the amount of his sea pay
for one mouth, as compensation for said loss j
pro vi ded, that such loss has not occurred through
the negligence or want of skill or foresight of
tho officer making application for such loss ;
provided, that the accounting officers shall in
| all cases require a schedule and certificate from
the officer making the claim for effects so lost;
and provided further, that no allowance shall
be made by virtue of this act for any loss
incurred prior to the 19th day of April, 1801.
The bill further provides for the repeal of so
