1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2703
built fox- it? accommodation ; a railroad station
is to be established at the place, and thus value
is at once added to the taxable property of the
count}', population to the country, income to
the Government, and capital brought into the
country to carry on the business. It can no
longer be claimed that we are not old enough,
that we cannot supply ourselves.
We have, on the other hand, the elements
of success in every branch of industry. With
the proper tariff encouragement, such estab-
lishments as those I have referred to will extend
all over the country, and into every branch of
manufacturing industry. No part of the nation
will be the special receptacle of the increased
wealth which will flow in upon us. Such set-
tlements will be made in the great West to
meet its wants, and in the South to rebuild its
waste places. The capital, the energy, the
experience, and the really valuable industry
of the Old World will be transplanted heie;
the capital for more rapid increase; the eneigy
to seek out new enterprises upon which to
expend itself; experience to turn itself to
account; and an industrious population to
receive a better return for its labor.
One of the reasons why the capitalists and
manufacturers of Europe favored the breaking
up of this nation and sympathized with the
free traders and secessionists was that they
saw we were finding out that protection was
necessary to the development of our internal
resources, and such development would soon
bring a young but active competition against
them into the markets of the world. Now, see-
ing that the efforts to break up the Government
is a failure they are turning their eyes to this
country as a magnificent, field for their own
means, industry, and enterprise. Let them
come ; there is room enough for all of them.
We are rich in mineral resources. Protect the
industry that would develop them, and we shall
soon be strong enough to cope with the poorest
paid labor in the world, on account of our im-
proved processes and perfected machinery. All
the metals and minerals are produced here in
abundance except tin and nickel.
Bu t without a proper modification and increase
of the tariff we shall have prostration, ''hard
times,'' no internal revenue to the Govern-
ment, and most discouraging prospects for
new enterprises as well as established trades.
With a proper tariff comes activity in all
branches; new enterprises go forward, fol-
lowed by a development of all our great re-
sources, prosperity everywhere, and an abun-
dance to be taxed, with willingness to pay.
National prosperity greater than before known
will succeed our present prostration; national
strength will rise and show itself in what is
now a national weakness—the union of capital
and labor. Do not be afraid to tax a manu-
factured article because you maj' not be aware
that it is made here in sufficient quantity to
supply the market. Put on the tariff, and the
foreign maker will come with all his capital, his
implements, and his labor to manufacture here.
A few weeks since the celebrated political
economist, John Stuart Mill, in a speech in the
British House of Commons, asserted that within
the next hundred years England will cease to
be the manufactory of the world. Her coal
and iron have heretofore given her great ad-
vantages. But her coal is being mined with
more and more difficulty, cost, and risk of
human life. Some of the mines have reached
a depth of three thousand feet, rendering ven-
tilation difficult. The London Times, in a
recent editorial, strongly urges economy in the
n«e of fuel, thus indorsing the statement of Mr.
Mill. The time will come when the vast man-
ufactures which now give England her suprem-
acy iu the world will be transferred to the
coal and iron fields of Pennsylvania and the
West and Southwest. Shall we encourage our
people to make an early advance toward the
position nature has intended we shall occupy
in the future, or shall we let slip the golden
opportunity to seize hold of which, at the proper
moment, is the sure guerdon of success in the
case of nations as well as men?
But not only have Mr. Mill and the London
Times warned the British people of the danger
which threatens her manufacturing and com-
mercial supremacy on account of the prospect-
ive failure of her supply of coal, but I observe
in the papers of to-day that Mr. Gladstone,
Chancellor of the English Exchequer, in his
spcech on the budget delivered in the British
Parliament on the 3d instant, reiterates the
same views, and points to the United States as
a country rich in mineral resources and pos-
sessing boundless coal deposits. He asserts
that we fulfill all the conditions in the future,
the limitation or absence of which in England
it is to be feared will one day compel labor and
movable capital to emigrate to the United
States. This remarkable admission of one
of the ablest of living statesmen should be
accepted as pointing out the future destiny of
the United States as a great manufacturing
country.
I regret also to state that the effects of the
heavy internal taxation are already operating
to the benefit of foreign manufacturers and
increasing their importations in a most alarm-
ing manner, as will be seen from the follow-
ing table of importations at New York since
June 1. 1865-60, compared with the importa-
tions for the same time in 1864-65:
FOREIGN GOODS MARKETED AT XEW YORK.
1865-66—peace. 1864-65—war.
July  SW.674.662 $10,884,485
August  26.401,412 15,507.970
September   23.586,747 12.075,000
October  21.852.0bS 10,159,743
November   22.064.3J0 10.104,219
December  19.047,205 1 0,670.234
January  27.219.8C_S 11,711.178
February    26.560.301 ll,472,4o6
Total, eight months....$188,406,653 892.355,285
If our exports were increasing in a corre-
sponding ratio there would be some comfort
and satisfaction in the above exhibit. But this
is not, the case. The exports at New York, of
all descriptions of produce, including specie, for
eight months of the years as above, have been :
1865-66. 1864-65.
JulyXto Feb. 28. July 1 to I Vh. 23.
Domestic produce $142,651,804 6147,535,193
Foreign reexports  2,351,824 16.022,312
Specie  16,601,290 25.881,554
Total $161,604,913 $189,439,059
Average price of gold 143 ^ cent. 232 t' cent.
This exhibits a falling off of exports in 1865-66
and an increase of imports, which would indi-
cate that the country is rushing headlong into
debt, and at a rate excelling the speed of the
most fashionable of modern spendthrifts. The
ready sale of our bonds in Europe accelerates
the pace at which we are-involving ourselves,
publicly and privately, with foreign manufac-
turers and capitalists. The lowering of the
price of gold also tends to encourage that over-
importation which its former high price re-
pressed. This renders an increase of import
duties absolutely imperative. New goods from
abroad are sold ata greatadvanceforcurrency.
while our gold-bearing bonds are made the me-
dium of remittance. These bonds will always
hereafter be a medium of foreign investment
as long as they are made to bear six per cent,
interest in specie. Now, however, on account
of the difference in exchange, they are obtained
at a rate that readily yields nine and ten per
cent. The Comptroller of the Currency, in his
Report for 18G5, page 7, estimates the amount
of our securities sent abroad iu five years at
$713,000,000, and says:
"Our only resource to pay the balance asainst us
has been, and still is, the sale of our securities abroad."
But if we add to this amount of our securi-
ties sefit abroad as above stated by the Comp-
troller. the amount sent abroad in previous
periods, estimated at at lea&t S5u0.0uo.000. we
have a debt owed by us in Europe amount-
in 2 to S1.210.00U,000. At the rate at which
our imports are now going on. say nearly
$300,000,000 yearly, an immense sum will be
required to pay the balance of trade against
us, swelled as it will be with the interest on our
securities, which is payable in specie. Whereas,
in order to keep the balance of trade in our
favor, we ought to sell at least $100,000,000
worth yearly more than we buy, we are on the
other hand buying more than that amount
yearly than we sell. Now. it is as easy to see
that such a state of things can no more last
than to expect that a man will live if a physi-
cian takes more blood daily from him than his
system will make in the ordinary process of
digestion and manufacture of the chyle into
venous and arterial circulation. Our duties on
imports should also be specific rather than ad
valorem, as is the case to a great extent in
Great Britain, Belgium, and other European
countries. This would prevent the immense
frauds on the revenue, now of daily occurrence,
and which are winked at by custom-house offi-
cials. Belgium, a rich and prosperous country,
has three hundred and thirty specific to sixty-
six ad valorem duties; while the United States
has two thousand four hundred and thirty-nine
ad valorem to four hundied and seventy-nine
specific duties. The ad valorem duties col-
lected in England from 1815 to 1852, were one
and a quarter per cent, of the whole amount,
while our customs are some forty per cent, ad
valorem, offering a premium on fraud such as
is held out nowhere else in the world. I have
seen it stated in the public journals that the
frauds in the New York custom-house range
from twelve to twenty-five million dollars yearly.
Mr. Speaker, I have the honor to represent,
in part, a State which for its territorial extent
is not excelled by any other in the Union as a
manufacturing State. And I refer with espe-
cial pride, in this regard, to the district repre-
sented by my distinguished friend and colleague,
[Mr. Wright,] which is only second in the
Union in the amount of revenue it returns for
the support of the General Government. The
amount of tax returned in that district last
year was S2,629,033 82: in the fourth district
of New York, $4,457,835; and in the first dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, $2,377,9-38 82. Our
constituents have consequently a deep interest
in the question now before us. But New Jersey
is also great in agricultural as well as manu-
facturing resources. It is located between the
great cities of the Atlantic seaboard; traversed
with railroads; of varied and productive soil
and unlimited natural resources for improve-
ment. It is destined to be the garden of the
vast populations of those cities. In its agricul-
tural products it stands at the present time first
in the list of States in proportion Lo the extent
of its ternton : iu the value of its lands, accord-
ing to the last census report, the first, notwith-
standing its hundreds of thousands of acres of
salt marsh and unproductive forests. The pro-
ducts of the State will be immeasurably in-
creased when her present system of internal
improvements shall give way to the more benefi-
cent system of general legislation, an event I
trust destined soon to be consummated. My
constituents are chiefly an agricultural people;
as intelligent, prosperous, and honorable a
constituency as ever intrusted a. Representative
with their interests oil this floor. While they
cultivate the soil they encourage and engage in
manufactures: they foster colleges, seminaries,
high, normal, and model schools, seats of sci-
ence and learning. They contribute their full
proportion to the support, advancement, and
elevation of mankind: and I will say for the ben-
efit of those who delight in deridin a New Jersey,
that my congressional district i~ equaled by no
other agricultural district in this broad land
in the amount and value of its agricultural pro-
ductions. or in the value (if the land composing
it for agricultural purposes, in its natural advan-
tages for improvement, or in its proximity to
market. Extending, diagonally, nearly from
New York to Philadelphia, it is ix>undci on th ;
one side by an hundred miles of a .-ea-bo.ird.
with its immeasurable ad\antngos for -umr.e-
resor! and abundant natural productions: and
on the other by a broad rher which b".i -
products to the sea. It is a district of revolu-
tionary renown, aronud which eius.er many
