680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Province of Quetec, and to the king himself,
each of which- pleads for Human Rights in the
largest sense. The address to the people of
England begins by an appeal for " the rights of
men and the blessings of Liberty," and then
insists "that no power on earth has a right to
take our property from us without our consent.''
(Ibid, p. 918.) The address to the people of
the Province of Quebec, in similar spirit, says,
"the first great right is that of the people hav-
ing a-share in their own government by their
representatives, chosen by themselves, and in
consequence of being ruled by law, which they
themselves approve; not by edicts of men over
whom they have no control. This is a bulwark
surrounding and defending their property."
{Ibid, p. 931.) And the address to the king
has the same key-note when it says, " Duty to
your Majesty and regard for the preservation
of ourselves and our posterity, the primar;/ obli-
gations of nature and of society command us
to entreat your royal attention." (J bid0 Thus
constantly, down to the last moment, did our
fathers set forth the principles which they
sought to establish as essential to free govern-
ment. Thus constantly did they testify to the
cause for which I now plead.
Answering voices came back from England,
all showing the principles in issue. The right
of taxation was asserted ; but there were many
who disguised (he tyranny by assuming that the
colonics were "virtually represented." Sir
James Marriott, the Admiralty Judge, insisted
boldly, that, since the lands of the colonies,
according to their charters, were held in socage
tenure, "as of the royal manor of East Green-
wich in Kent.''' and since East Gieenwich was
represented in Parliament, therefore our fathers
were represented in I'arliamcnt. Perhaps that
spirit ol legal technicality, which is satisfied by
mere form at the expense of reason, was never
more strikingly illustrated than in this sense-
less argument. The whole pretension was
scouted by Mr. Pitt, afterward Lord Chatham,
in terms of indignant eloquence. "The idea,"
said he, "of a virtual representation of Amer-
ica in this House is the most contemptible that
ever entered into the head of a man. It, does not
deserve a serious refutation." As the contro-
versy continued, and especially as those mas-
terly state papers—the addresses of the Con-
tinental Congress—reached England, the min-
isters of the king were put on the defensive.
They retained as their advocate none other than
Dr. Johnson, who, for a sum of money, lent
the pen which had written Uasselas, the Vanily
of Human Wishes, and the English Diction-
ary, to a rancorous attack on the principles of
our fathers. Its concentrated spirit was all ex-
pressed in its title, "Taxation no Tyranny.1'
Another pamphlet appeared in reply, with the
epigraph, "Jtesistancc no Rebellion," embody-
ing the idea that, where there is taxation with-
out representation, resistance is justifiable: and
thus was issue joined even at London. This
wasinf775. Already the " embattled farmers"
had gathered at Lexington and Ranker Hill;
already Washington had drawn his sword at
Cambridge, as Commander-in-Chief and gen-
eralissimo of the new-born armies ; already war
had begun. At last to the defiant watch-word
"Taxation no Tyranny," sent from across the
Bea, our fathers returned that other defiant
watchword "Independence." But in seeking
Independence, they did not turn their backs
upon the principles asserted throughout the
long controversy. Independence was the means
to an end, and that end was nothing less than
a Republic, with Liberty and Equality as the
animating principles, where the government
should stand on the consent of the governed,
or, which is the same thing, where there should
be no taxation without representation : for here
was the distinctive feature of American Institu-
tions.
SOLEMN DECLARATIONS OF THE FATHERS.
(2.) The principles, heralded through fifteen
years of controversy, were not forgotten when
Independence was declared; and here I come
to the second head of these illustrations.
Itsometimes happens that men fail in support
of the cause to which they are pledged, or con-
tent themselves with something less than the
truth. But it was not so with our fathers. In
declaring Independence they continued loyal
to their constant vows. The natural rights of
all men and the just foundation of government,
which James Otis had first announced; which
Samuel Adams had maintained with splendid
simplicity; which Patrick Henry had vindicated,
even against the cry of "treason," and which
had been affirmed by legislative bodies and pub-
lic meetings, were embodied in the opening
words of the Declaration. There they stand,
like a mighty overture to the new Republic, in-
terpreting, inspiring, and filling it with their
transforming power. These are the words:
" We liold these truths to bo self-evident; that all
men are created eaual; that they arc endowed by their
Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among
these are life, libelty, and the pursuit of happiness;
that, to secure these rights, 'rovernments are instituted
among men, deriving their just powers from the consent
of the governed."
Foremost is the Equality of all men. Of
course, in a declaration of rights, no such su-
preme folly was intended as that all men are
created equal in form or capacity, bodily, or
mental; but simply that they are created equal
in rights. This is the first of the self-evident
truths that are announced, leading and govern-
ing all the rest. Life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness arc among inalienable rights ; but
they arc all held in subordination to that pri-
mal truth. Here is the starting-point of the
whole, and the end is like the starting-point.
In announcing that Governments derive their
just powers from the consent of the governed,
the Declaration repeats again the same procla-
mation of Equal Rights. Thus is Equality the
Alpha and the Ome a. in which all other rights
are embraced. Men may not have a natural
right to certain things, I ml most clearly they
have a natural right to imparUallows, by which
they shall be secured in Uqual Rights. Equality
in rights is the first of rights. It was because
these truths had been set at naught by Great
Britain, in her relations with our fathers, that
Independence was declared. To these truths,
therefore, was the new Government solemnly
dedicated, as it assumed its separate and equal
station among the Powers of the earth. Do
you ask for the definition of "Republic?"
Here it is by patriot lexicographers, whose
authority cannot be questioned by us.
As the war of Independence began with a dec-
laration of principles, so it ended with a like
declaration. At its successful close, the Con-
tinental Congress, in an address to the people,
by the pen of.lames Madison, thus announced
the objects for which it had been waged, and
thus supplied another definition of the new
government:
"Let it be remembered that.it has been the pride and
the boast of America, that the riahtsfor trlueh she has
font! tilled ire) ethr / /;.'/■of human natin By tbeble^-
iu;? of the Author of these Rights. i hey have pre\ ailed
over all opposition and tonn the ha sit ot thirteen In-
dependent states. i\o instance lias heretofore oc-
ean ed. nor ran any instance bo expected hei-ealter to
occur, in winch the unadulterated tonus <f llenxddiean
Government can pretend to so tail- an opportunity of
justifying themselves by their fiuits. I n this vic'.v
theeitizens of the United States are responsible for
the greatest truth ever confided to a political soci-
ety.''—Journal of Continental Congress, April, 1783, vol.
viii, p. 201.
Such was the sublime declaration. It was for
the "rights of human nature" that our fathers
went forth to battle, and these rights are pro-
claimed to "form the basis of thirteen inde-
pendent States." But foremost among these
rights is Equality, including of course the equal
right of all to a voice in the Government. And
this is the Republic which our fathers, with
pride and boast, then gave as an example to
mankind.
The same spirit appears in the National Con-
stitution, which, by its preamble, asserts prac-
tically the same sentiments. Here it is :
"We, the people of the United States, m order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic fr:in'juillity,proyirlc fortheconinion defense,
promote the geneiat welfare, andseeurethe blessings
of liberty to ourselves and to our posterity, do ordain
and establish this Constitution for the United States
of Amcriea."
Thus, according to this proclamation, the
Constitution was ordained, not to create an oli-
garchy or aristocracy, not to exclude certain
persons from the pale of its privileges, not to
organize inequality of rights in any form, but
u to establish justice," which is Equality ; "to
insure domestic tranquillity,M -which is Yain
-without justice ; 'Ho provide for the common
defense," which is the defense of all; u to pro-
mote thegeneral welfare," which is the welfare
of all 5 and to secure the blessings of Liberty"
to all the people and their posterity, which is
to give to all the complete enjoyment of rights,
foremost among which is Equality. Here, then,
is another authoritative definition of the Re-
public which was formed.
Thus has our country testified to its idea of
a Republic, not only throughout its long days
of controversy, but in these solemn decla-
rations, which are in themselves monumental
acts.
OPINIONS OF THE FATHERS.
(3.) I am nowbrought to consider how these
same principles have been sustained by eminent
characters, whose names are historic, all testi-
fying to lliem as essential to good government,
which is only the synonym of republican gov-
ernment. In their weighty words you will find
a definition, constantly repeated, which is in
harmony with all the promises of the Fathers,
whether in controversy or in these solemn in-
struments which are among the very title-deeds
of the Republic.
1 begin with Benjamin Franklin, who saw all
questions of government with a surer instinct
than any other person in our history. As early
as 173'J, while still a young man, he wrote
an article 011 government, which was published
in the Pennsylvania Gazette, where will be found
these words:
MPopularG-overnmcnt« havenotbeen framed with-
out the wisest" reasons. Il seemed highl> fitting that
I the conduct of majristrntes, created by and for th* r/ond
of the ichote, should be made liable to the inspection
and animadversion of the ichote."—D-ankhn's Works,
vol. ii, p, l!o9.
It is for the good of the whole, and not for an
odious oligarchy or an aristocratic class that
our patriot speaks, and in these words we find
foreshadowed the idea of a republican govern-
ment ; but it was in the discussions on the
stamp act, after Otis had fulmined his flaming
bolt, that wc find a fuller and more preciso
definition. Here it is, as adopted, if not writ-
ten, by Franklin in 1700:
" Xhatri^r2/??iarior the commonalty, except infants,
insane poi>on^, and criminals is of eornmori right,
and by the laws of (rod, afrecman and entitled to the
nee enjoyment ot liberty. That liberty or freedomeon-
in having an actual $harr iti the appointment of
thone who frame the fravs, and who are to be the guard-
ians ot every man; lite, property, and peace; for the
all of one man it. ah dear to him as thou?/ of another:
and the poor man has an equal right, hut more neeu
to have representatives in the Legislature than the
liehone.
" That they who have no voice nor vote in the elect-
ing of repiecentativos do not c)\)oy hbnf}/,- but are
absolutely enshtveil to thov who hare vote■? and to their
representatives ; for to be en>la\ ed is. to ha\ e gov mi-
01"=? whom other nwn have set over uand be subject
to laws made lot the representative! e>f others, without
having had representatives of our own to give con-
sent in our behalf."-- franklin's TTorA'-s vol. ii,p.372.
In these emphatic words will be found a com-
plete vindication of the equal right of represen-
tation, as essential to free government, so much
J so, that where this does not exist, Liberty does
j not exist.
| Jefferson has followed Franklin in the same
; vein, expressing himself with greater fervor.
I The author of the Declaration of tndepcndence
j could not do otherwise. Constantly he testifies
I to Jus idea of a Uepnhlic. Thus he wrote to
: Alexander von Humboldt, under date of June
! 13, IP 17, affirming the rights of the majority
as "the first principle of republicanism," and
assuming the principle of Equal Rights:
l,The first principle of republicanism is, that the
le.r major is -parti? is the fundamental law of every
socictv of individuals of equal riahte. To eonsidertho
! will of the society constrained by the majority of a
!; single vote arf sacred as if unanimous is the first ofjxll
| i lesr ons in importanee.yei tlmlast which is thoroughly
: learned. This law onee disregarded, 110 other remains
jl but thatol foieo. v-Meh end-- ne^e;-6arily in_military
ii despotism."—Jrff'crson'8 IFor/cs, vol. vii, p. 75.
