3664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
loyal States, and for other purposes, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it he referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred sundry petitions and memorials
praying for compensation for supplies furnished
and damages done to property during the late
war and for the payment of claims growing out
of the Indian war in Oregon in 1855 and 1856,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Miss Sue Murphy, praying for compensation
for the destruction of property belonging to her
which was used by the Government in the erec-
tion of fortifications at Decatur, Alabama, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
413) for the relief of Miss Sue Murphy, of
Decatur, Alabama. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, who were instructed by a resolution
of the Senate to inquire into the expediency of
providing a uniform and effective mode of se-
curing the election of Senators in Congress by
the Legislatures of the several States, reported
a bill (S. No. 414) to regulate the times and
manner of holding elections for Senators in
Congress; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
bills introduced.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 125) granting the right of
way through military reserves to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company and its branches;
which was read twice by its title and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask leave to introduce
a bill without previous notice.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. The bill will
be read by its title.
The Secretary. A bill to_ amend an act
entitled "An act to grant the right of preemp-
tion to certain purchasers on the Soscol ranch,
in the State of California."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state that I in-
troduce this bill by request. I did not draw
the bill myself and know nothing about the
merits of it; but I was requested to present it
and move its reference to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
ThePRESIDENT jprotempore. Istherenny
objection to the present introduction of this
bil'l?
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule; and
this will be considered as a notice, and the
Senator can to-morrow or on some subsequent
day introduce the bill.
medical statistics.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to:
Jiemloal, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to the Senate a report of tho medical
statistics collected during the war in the Bureau of
the Provost Marshal General by Surgeon J. II. Bax-
ter as soon as such report can bo compiled and pro-
pared for presentation by him.
message fit031 the ii0usb.
A message from tho House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed a
bill (S. No. 343) to quiet land titles in Califor-
nia, with amendments, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 461) granting a pension
to Ann Sheehey;
A bill (H. R«- No. 404) for the relief of John
Gordon;
A bill (H. R. No. 495) for the relief of Mary
A. Patrick *
A bill (H. R. No. 616) for the relief of Lu-
cinda Gates ;
A bill (H. R. No. 641) for- the relief of
Charles M. Stout, late a second lieutenant in
company E, seventh regiment Pennsylvania
Reserve corps;
A bill (H. R. No. 084) granting a pension to
Mrs. Mary A. McManus, widow of Captain
Andrew McManus, late of the sixty-ninth Penn-
sylvania volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 098) granting an increase
of pension to Mrs. Mereio E. Scattergood ;
A bill (H. R. No. 699) for the relief of James
L. Perham;
A bill (H. R. No. 700) for the benefit of
John W. Jones;
A bill (H. R. No. 703) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch;
A bill (H. R. No. 704) for the relief of Joel
Farley;
A bill (H. R. No. 705) for the relief of
George W. Bush;
A bill (H. R. No. 740) for the relief of Ma-
tilda J. Monroe;
A bill (H. R. No. 743) amendatory of an act
granting a pension to Mrs. Bmerance Gouler;
and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 179) for the
relief of Edgar T. Harris.
pilots and pilot kegulati0ns.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
a bill (H. R. No. 730) relating to pilots and
pilot regulations, to report it back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
it pass. As it is a bill of. but a single section,
and there can bo no objection to it whatever,
I should be glad to have it considered at this
time.
By unanimous consent the Senate, asin Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider tho
bill. It provides that no regulations or provis-
ions shall be adopted by any State of the Uni-
ted States of America which shall make any
discrimination in the rate of pilotage or half
pilotage between vessels sailing between the
ports of one State, and vessels sailing between
the ports of different States, or any discrim-
ination against vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, or against national vessels of the
United States, and all existing regulations or
provisions making any such discrimination are
annulled and abrogated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
pretention of smuggling.
Mr. NYE. As chairman of the Committee on
Enrolled Bills I find that the bill (S. No. 222)
further to prevent smuggling, and for other pur-
poses, has come back by some mistake with
eight or nine of the amendments unacted upon,
as appears by the report of the committee of
conference. I think it proper to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it.
Mr. CONNBSS. I was a member of the com-
mittee of conference on that bill. The Senator
from Michigan, now absent, [Mr. Chasdler.,]
was its chairman, and the Senator from Maine,
to-day present, [Mr. Morrill,] being then
absent on account of illness, was a member of
the committee. The preparation of the report
devolved particularly upon the chairman. By
some means there is an error; but the error-
consists simply in the amendments agreed upon
not being entirely recounted. I move that the
report and bill be recommitted to the com-
mittee of conference for correction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate must first rceonsidcr its vote adopting the
report before it will be before the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I make that motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move to recommit
it to the committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was subsequently received from
the House of Representatives announcing that
they had reconsidered the vote adopting the
report of the committee of conference, and
had recommitted the bill and the amendments
to the committee of conference.
pay op army officers.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 101.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of certain
officers of the Army.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution hq.s been read and reported as from
the Committee of the Whole, and the question
now is on concurring in the amendments made
to the resolution as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to further amend it
in accordance with an understanding with the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I move first to insert in line ten, after the word
"who," the words " if not killed in battle."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move further to amend
in line twelve, after the word "officer," by
inserting "or to his legal representatives."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend also in
line thirteen, after the word "emoluments,"
by inserting "of his rank."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
joint resolution now as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
.Resolved., <fcc., That in every case in which a com-
missioned officer actually entered on duty as such
commissioned officer, but by reason of being killed in
battle, capture by the enemy, or other cause beyond
his control, and without fault or neglect of his own,
was not mustered within a period of not less than
thirty days from acceptance of appointment and
actual entry upon duty, and who, if not killed in
battle, was afterward regularly mustered into the
service of tho United States, tho pay department
shall allow to such officer full pay and emoluments
from the date on which such onicer, or to his legal
representatives full pay and emoluments of his rank,
from the date such officer actually entered upon his
duty, deducting from the amount paid in accordance
with this resolution all pay actually received by such
officer for such period.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out in line
twelve the words "or to his legal representa-
tives," with a view of putting in an additional
section. The pay department does not pay
the heirs or legal representatives. That has
to go to the Second Auditor.
The Secretary read the section proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the heirs or legal
representatives of any officer whose muster into ser-
vice has been or shall be amended hereby, shall be
entitled to receive the arrears of pay due such officer
or the pension provided bylaw fortho corps in which
such officer is mustered under the provisions of the
first section of this resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
pay department does not pay the heirs of offi-
cers. That matter is settled in another depart-
ment of the Government, and I submit this
amendment with a view of having it correct.
I propose to strike out the words "or to his legal
representatives" in line twelve of the resolu-
tion, and to add this new section to cover the
idea which is intended to be conveyed in the
first.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was not aware that they
did not pay the legal representatives. Are you
not mistaken about that?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and the joint resolution to
be read a third time. It was read the third
time and passed.
william iiickey.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Committee on
Contingent Expenses, to whom was referred
a resolution to pay to the legal representatives
of William Hickey, late Chief Clerk of the
