1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2705
brief narration of the rise and progrcssof this manu-
facturing interest hi our city during the last few years.
Before the rebellion a few .small potteries were here,
strucf'ilintj hard to maintain a somewhat precarious
existence. The skilled laborers who were nerc,En?-
lihhmcn, a«ked and obtained llieir own prices. The
du v at th,iMnne iv;h thirty-live per cent, oil valorem.
With tho warcame thcadvance on gold. However
much wc may deplore the inflation produced by a
depreciated euneney, ecrtain it h that the high price
of sold was in the absence of more tariff, a benefit
and protection tons. At once others saw this evident
fact,and soon new firm* began toappear; intelligent,
practical workmen, uniting with capitalists to build
new potteries, and to take advantage of the tempo-
rary "protection" of the times. More hands were
brought over from England, boys were apprenticed
to learn the vaiiou* trades, and from a nucleus of four
factories wc now have altogether twelve larger ones,
employing about one thousand hands and represent-
ing nearly one million dollars of invested capital.
This sum may appear small when compared with the
capital in many other kinds of manufacture, but any
potter knows that $1,000,000 worth of crockery, or
rather the crockery produced by working $l,00u,000,
would make a small mountain if it could he piled
together.
Potting is a very bulky business, requiring a great
deal ot room and much labor for a comparatively
small money value. The Staffordshire potteries cover
a large district of country. It is usually a non -specu-
lative trade, prices keeping generally steady in com-
mon time*. The men engaged in it, both manufac-
turers and dealers, arc honest, non-speculattve men,
who do not often fail and cheat their creditors.
It sccmstdear, then, from thefactthat this business
has so greatly increased during the war, that what it
wants (and we think what it ought to have, for the
benefit of the governmental revenue) is "protection."
That thi>. need not mean " prohibition" is plain from
the fact that foreign goods were largely imported and
soW when we had the protection of frorii two hun-
dred to two hundred and eighty per cent, premium
on gold. People will have their plates and cups and
Faucet s and they ought to be able to enjov their daily
bread withouttheaidof John Bull. The Government
cannot lose by adding this privilege to the birthright
of an American citizen: in this ease "without dis-
tinction ofcolor" we suppose it will have to be.
We have had but five per cent, additionalduty put
upon foreign goods during the war, and if Congress
desires to foster and assist the introduction of new
branehc* of art into the country, they should not be
unwilling to protect us when circumstances will no
longer do so. "Gold is much lower now," it may be
said, " and yet you flourish." True, but wc are only
sustained for a short time by the pressing needs of
those now in process of "reconstruction," assisted by
the anger of Neptune and JEo!u~, who have wrecked
or damaged a great deal of crockery lately. It is
almost certain that in the coming summer Britannia
will have it all her own way, and that we shall be
"fallen among the pots."
< To know what kind of ware is made here, be par-
ticulai to notice that our goods come under the second
clause of paragraph four, section nine, of the tariff
act of Jul} 1,1864, beginning, "on ail other earthen, j
stone, or crockery ware, forty per cent." Were this i
made sixty per cent., it would not in the least dnnin- ;
ish the revenue by keeping out any foreign earthen- ]
ware, merely because of the increased duty, but we ;
should feel that the manufacture of crockery was on 1
a pretty sure footing in this country; and there is j
every reason to believe that it would continue to in- :
crease rapidly, paying large excise taxes into the ]
national Tieasuiy. If any change were made in this j
section of the tariff, it would be necessary, also, to '
change the duties upon china, white and decorated; j
these,_ however, would seem nearer to the class of i
luxuries than the other, and theie would not be the j
same hesitancy felt to put duty upon them. All kinds
of ware, china as well as common, should be made in !
the United States, and will be, if Congress will help us. i
Trenton irf not the only point, although it is the !
principal one, at which crockery is manufactured. 1
The best American ware is made here, but all parts
of the country are more or less interested with us in
the success of this business, for every State has some
pottery interest.
I remain, sir, very respectfully, yours,
JAMES P. STEPHENS,
Secretary Manufacturing Potters.
Hon. William: A. Newell, Washington, D. C.
Mr. NEWELL. On the subject of window
and hollow glass, a most important branch of
industry, I have also before me the following
interesting letter from a well known and hon-
ored constituent. Indeed, all tlie information
T have from all parties engaged in manufactur-
ing industry is to tlie effect that further pro-
tection is absolutely necessary, for the reasons I
have given in the former portion of my remarks:
BALSTO, Ajyril ±2, 1SC3.
DeujSjr: Unacquainted with any other member
of the New Jersey delegation in Congress, I venture
to address you upon a subject_of great interest to all
engaged in the manufacture of window glass, A com-
mittee was appointed at a meetingof glass makers to
represent their grievances and the state of their busi-
ness to the commission raised to revise the United
States excise and revenue laws.and I have no doubt
of the faithful performance of their duty; but as yet
I have seen no indication of relief from Congress in
our branch of business. We report monthly under
oath the gross amount of our sales, and all or making
such deductions as are allowed by law, pay six per
cent, on those sales. This, during the war, was done
3'Jtii Ooxg. 1st Sess.—"No. ITU.
with great cheerfulness, inasmuch as every reputable
citizen desired to aid the Government to the full
extent of his ability, and the constant inflation of the
currency enabled him to secure remunerative prices
for articles made. But upon the fall ot Richmond a
change occurred, and mar.y manufactured articles
were greatly rcduccd in price, and window glass fell
below the cost of production and heavy losses were
sustained. _ As window glass is a perishable article
when Ueptinpackagesin warm weather, itwasneces-
sary_ to make sacrifices during the la^t summer to
avoid greater sacrifices anticipated by the importa-
tion of foreign glass, induced by the rapid fall of gold
and general depression in the industrial community.
On all these losses the Government has inexorably
levied the tax of six percent. It would seem that
taxes should be uniform and equal, and imposed upon
goods in possession or upon profits, and not upon
absolute losses.
Now, there are two large paper mills in this vicin-
ity, each of which produces monthly more than twice
the money value that I do, with less capital and
trouble, and by law are taxable only three per cent,
on their pales. This remission of one half the tax
paid by other_manufacturers was brought about by
newspaper editors and demagogues with the view of
reducing the piice of printing paper and by the argu-
ment clamorously urged that the diffusion of educa-
tion and knowledge could only be accomplished by-
means of paper. But as the factories above men-
tioned, and most others in this country, makenothing
better than common wrapping.paper for grocers and
hardware dealers, it is difficult to see how they can be
deemed to assist in disseminating learning. I would
remark that the present system of levying and col-
lecting excise duties is expensive,cumbrous, and in-
quisitorial, and that the law seems to be calculated
to oppress the honest and to provoke the dishonest
to the commissjoffof criipe. Though X have written
this hurried notewithoutconsultingany oneengaged
fti the business, I think from former interviews with
Hon. A. K. Hay, and other glass makers, that they
will concur in the statements and opinions herein
expressed.
With the hope that you will also concur and be able
to afford relief to our depressed trade in the rear-
rangement of the tariff and excise laws, and with an
apology for my importunity,
I am respectfully yours,
T. II. RICHARDS.
Hon. William A. Newell.
I am happy to know that the Committee of
Ways and Means have greatly relieved this
important branch of industry by exempting
window glass from excise duty.
Another branch of muuufactuie lately estab-
lished in my State is that of watches. A larce
manufactory of that description has lately been
organized near Newark. An extensive flax fac-
tory has also been established in Patcrson, the
seat of the largest paper, cotton, silk, thread,
and locomotive factories in this country. And'
lately the most beautiful fabric of silk-velvet
and tapestry has been produced in Xewark
which will compare favorably with the best
articles of European manufacture. A branch,
also, of Clark's spool cotton manufacturing
establishment at Glasgow, which supplies thread
for the civilized world, is shortly to be located
at the same place, bringing six hundred Scotch
female operatives.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, in view of the
great needs of the manufacturing interests of
my district and State and of the country gener-
ally; in view of the fact that we must rely al-
most altogether upon these interests for the
means to meet the interest on our now colossal
public debt, I feel it my duty to demand of this
House that protection which is absolutely
necessary, not on!)' for the welfare of those
interests, but for the preservation of the Gov-
ernment. From all these great industrial in-
terests of the country we have cries of distress
coming up daily to our doors. "Will we heed
them? Or, on the other hand, will we allow
the principles and policy which came near
destroying this nation to be again the principles
and policy of the Government? If the latter,
then woe to the stability of our institutions and
the perpetuity of the freedom they were created
to preserve.
An increase in our revenue tariff on impor-
tations is the only way which X see open to us
in order to remedy the evils of over importa-
tion. It will increase the prosperity of home
manufactures: it will check foreign importa-
tions, and gradually prepare the way for a safe
return to specie payments.
The policy of European manufacturers and
capitalists, which is based 011 the principle of
cheapening labor, in order to compete with
foreign countries, is fraught with revolution
and ruin to American interests, and even to
the stability of our institutions. The very
natureof our Government and the social habits
! and customs of our people demand that the
| laborer should have such a fair and reasonable
share of the profits of industry as will enable
| him to enjoy, notonlythe comforts, but even the
luxuries of life._ Here education is universal.
Here one man is as good as every other man.
Here the doctrine of human rights, socially,
politically, morally,.and religiously, hasreeeived
its widest application. By no possible means
can you unite in America a social aristocracy
with our political democracy. I warn gentlemen
of the folly of such an attempt. What do these
ten-hour and eight-hour movements indicate
but a steady determination on the part of the
American mechanic to assert the principle
that he is not a mere beast of burden; that
there are other faculties within him than those
that are merely instinctive, as it were, for the
preservation and sustentation of life; that the
ideal as well as the actual, the artistic as well
as the mechanical, the beautiful as well as the
useful in him needs to be unfolded and devel-
oped? The same God who fashioned the dark
brown earth created the flower that springs
therefrom,
" A thing of beauty and a joy forever."
The Scripture says that " man shall not live
by bread alone.Neither can we brutalize
the image and likeness of his Maker by ill-
paid drudgery and unrequited toil without
violating the eternal principles of truth and
justice and suffering fearfully therefor. By
the late war we vindicated the right of man to
his own labor and the enjoyment of the fruits
thereof. Having rescued the negro from the
bondage of chattelism, let us not permit the
white man and the negro together to be crushed
under the iron heel of a European civilization,
which claims that the only way to build up
national industry and prosperity is by reducing
the laborer to the lowest minimum of compen-
sation that will support existence.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. SPALDING, who moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and accordingly
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions. etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. COXKLLXG: The petition ot A. P. Sey-
mour, and others, praving a change in the law tax-
ing the circulation of Slate banks.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The remonstrance of citizens of
Watertown, Jefferson county, New York, against the
passage of tho bill to reorganize the Federal judiciary.
IX SEXATE.
Monday, May 21, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Feastox, of Birmingham,
; England.
| The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
i nal of Friday.
I Mr. WADE. I move that the further read-
I ing. of the Journal be dispensed with. There
j is no necessity for reading the action of the
! Senate on all those pension bills that were
] passed on Friday.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
! ing of the J ournal can be dispensed with by
; unanimous consent only. No objection being
j made, its further reading will be dispensed
1 with.
j EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
> the Senate a message from the President of
' the United States, transmitting a copy of the
1 correspondence between the Secretary of State
| and Cornelius Yanderbilt, of New York._ rela-
j tive to the joint resolution of the 2Sth^ol Jan-
j uary, 1804, upon the subject oi^the gift ot the
j steamer Yanderbilt to the L nited Staffs;
! which, 011 motion of Mr. Morgan, was ordered
■ to lie on the table, and be printed.
