1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ma
man from New York has assured the House
that it will not increase the amount of liis com-
pensation, should be now rewarded with a brig-
adier generalship as a mark of distinction for
hisfaithfulness as an officer, his gallantry and
activity in the field during the rebellion, and
as a further appreciation of his conduct in his
earlier career in the service.
Mr. PIKE. It appears from the Navy Regis-
ter that the pay of colonel commandant now
is S3,188. This bill proposes to make him a
brigadier general. A brigadier general's pay
in Washington, including commutation for for-
age. is about six thousand two hundred dollars.
This hill would, therefore, very nearly double
his pay, and, as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] very truly says, the pay of this offi-
cer, vrho is stationed in Washington, would be
two or three hundred dollars more than the pay
of Vice Admiral Farragut.
_ It is proposed now to amend the bill so as to
give him the barren rank of brigadier general
without the pay of one. He might just as well
be a brevet brigadier as to be a brigadier and
not have the pay. Further than that, it is
making an invidious distinction between a brig-
adier of the Marine corps and a brigadier of
the Army, and at the next session of Congress
we shall have a bill brought in here for the
purpose of equalizing the pay. That is the
customary mode of sliding up these things.
I have no doubt but the whole pay of the
Army and Navy ought to be rearranged. The
pay of the Navy is definite and distinct, and it
is not difficult, by looking at the Navy Regis-
ter, to ascertain the pay of any naval officer ;
but it is almost impossible to ascertain the pay
of an Army officer. It is a work .of time, pa-
tience, skill, and experience. It is well sug-
gested to me that you must be up to all the
dodges to get at what Mr. Manfilini used to
call the "demnition total" of the pay of an
Army officer. [Laughter.] I know that our
committee has examined "the subject time and
time again, and whether we finally got at the
right amount of pay received by Army officers
or not, I do not know. At any rate, wo have
arrived at the conclusion that a brigadier gen-
eral in the Army received some sixty-two or
sixty-three hundred dollars, which is a very re-
spectable sum even in the present "irredeem-
able" paper currency.
Now, for one, I am in favor of equalizing the
pay of the Army and Navy. There is no rea-
son in the world why a naval officer holding
equal lank should not receive the same pay as
an Army officer. I hope, however, that we
shall take up the subject as a whole, and not
in piecemeal.
Mr. BALDWIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PIKE. Anything I am capable of an-
swering.
Mr. BALDWIN." I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether the Naval Committee have con-
sidered the expediency of abolishing this corps
or transferring it to the Army? It has done
great service in the past, but'in modern navies
it is unnecessary and useless.
Mr. PIKE. Of course, if a majority of the
committee had been in favor of abolishing the
corps they would not have reported this bill to
increase the pay of its commanding officer.
That is my answer to the gentleman.
I say, then, in conclusion, that when this
matter of pay is arranged, "I hope it will bo
taken as a whole, and not in piecemeal as
proposed here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am inclined to vote for
this bill, and yet I would be unwilling to do
60 were it not in prospect of some future legis-
lation, and that too by this Congress.
The Marine corps, as some of the members
of the Naval Committee have remarked, has
heretofore followed the condition of the Army
in relation to the forma of its organization and
its pay and allowances. Now, the command-
ant of the Marine corps does in fact command
a brigade. That corps, which was in exist-
ence during the war with Mexico, was reduced
to one regiment at the close of that war. But
39th Cong. IwSim—No. 110.
by successive increases the corps has now come
to be a body of about three thousand men,
equivalent to three regiments of the Army.
As such it is commanded by an officer intended
at least to have higher rank, as he has a higher
command, than the colonel of any one of the
regiments.
Now, it would seem to be proper, unless the
corps be abolished, as General Jackson once
proposed, the marines or their equivalents to
be supplied by details from the Army, that the
commandant of this corps should have rank and
pay equivalent to a commander of a brigade in
the Army. But, as it has been said, it is diffi-
cult'to determine what the pay of an Army
officer is.
The pay proper of an officer of the Army is
but an inconsiderable proportion of the whole
amount of compensation given to him. The
actual compensation is increased in the aggre-
gate by allowances for servants, for servants'
clothing, for rations, for fuel or commutation
for fuel, for quarters, and for forage, now in
kind, and not in cash in commutation. So that
the whole allowances of an Army officer amounts
to very much more than would appear upon
the face of any law looking only to his pay.
Now, what is the compensation in the case
of a brigadier general, and what would it be,
therefore, in the case of the commandant of
the Marine corps if he should have the same
rank? Thatwoulddepend very much whether
the officer is sent to the field to perform active
duty or whether he remains here about Wash-
ington drawing these various commutations.
If he goes to the field he will receive something
like thirty-six or thirty-seven hundred dollars
a year as his full pay ; by 110 means an exces-
sive amount, considering his rank and responsi-
bilities. But if he remains at Washington, and
gets commutation for fuel and quarters, and
various other commutations, lie will receive
$0,269 75.
The whole policy of legislation heretofore
has bestn in favor of those officers who remained
in Washington. The whole tendency has been,
under the pretext, or, in some degree, the ne-
cessity, of increasing tho allowances in order
to enable men to remain where their expenses
are great, to give advantages to them over those
actively engaged in the field.
One consequence of this policy during the
recent war was that the chief of staff of Lieu-
tenant General Grant, when Major General
Halleckwas his chief of .staff, received some-
thinglike two thousand dollars more than Gen-
eral Sherman or General Sheridan or any other
major general or officer of the same rank who
was fighting in the field. And this prevails
generally through all grades and ranks of the
Army.
Yesterday I introduced a bill, which is this
moment under consideration before the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs, and which T trust
may be reported upon favorably—though of
that 1 cannot yet speak—which provides for
putting Army officers on the footing of naval
officers and civilians and of all other persons
receiving salaries from tho Government. It
proposes to pay them liberally, something like
an equivalent for the compensation they have
heretofore received, though reducing to some
extent what their aggregate receipts have been ;
to pay them an actual salary, so that it shall
be known, as in the case of naval officers,
what an officer is receiving, whatever may be
his rank, as a consideration for the perform-
ance of the duties required by his rank.
Now, sir, if the bill of which I speak should
become a law, a brigadier general v, ill receive,
I think, just 85,000; not an unfair compensa-
tion, it appears to me. for an officer having
command of a brigade, with all the responsi-
bilities of a distinct corps in the military ser
vicc of the United States. If that bill should
prevail, as I trust it may, then I should be in
favor of adopting the measure now proposed
by the Gemmittee on Naval Affairs. If this
officer, however, is to be made a brigadier gen-
eral, so as to add one more to tho number of
thos'a who will receive between $6,000 and
$7,000 annually by counting uf> various allow-
ances for commutation and otherwise, I am
unwilling to see this bill passed.
Supposing, however, that upon the general
principle of legislation, the commander of the
Marine corps, like every other officer in that
corps, will follow the condition and receive the
compensation, as he holds the rank, of offi-
cers of corresponding degree in the Army of
the United States. I think it eminently proper
that he, commanding that corps, and having an
equivalent responsibility, should have the same
grade. I am willing, therefore, for one to vote
for this bill proposed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and to give this officer what
seems to me is right as compared with a like
rank in the Army, by which always the meas-
urement has been made, trusting that this Con-
gress will pass some general law reducing, reg-
ulating, and fixing at specific amounts all tha
salaries of all the officers of the Army ; and
under such a law, this officer, I presume, would
follow flic condition of officers of correspond-
ing rank in the Army.
Mr. DARLING. If no other gentleman
desires to discuss this question, I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed for a-third reading.
On tho question, there were—ayes 40, noes
40 ; 110 quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. Darling and
Wiiai.uy.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes-JO, noes 48.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. SPALDING called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
On the motion, there were—ayes G2, noes 40.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers wore not ordered.
Mr. COFFROTH called for jjie yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was agreed to.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM T1IE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which
they requested the concurrence of the House :
An act (S. No. 02)'to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in tho construction of a military road
from Eugene City to the eastern boundary of
said State;" and
An act (S. No. 229) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to transfer a gunboat
to the Government of the republic of Liberia,
NAVY-YARD AT LEAGUE ISLAND.
Mr. ICELLEY reported, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, a bill to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy to accept League Island, in
the river Delaware, for naval purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that this bill be post-
poned till Wednesday of next week, after the
morning hour, and be made a special order for
that time.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to make it a special order.
Mr. ROSS and others objected.
The motion to postpone was agreed to ; and
the bill was ordered to bs printed.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that tha Seuate had
