1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
In another letter to John Taylor, of Caroline,
dated May 28,1816, he thus defines a Republic:
"Indeed, it must be acknowledged, that the term
repubhc is of very vague application in everylan-
fuage. Witness the self-styled republics of Holland,
witzerland, G-enoa, Venice, Poland. "W"ere I to as-
sign to this term a precise and definite idea, I would
Say, purely and simply, it means a Government, by its
<yitizene in mass, acting directly and personally, accord-
ing to rules established by the majority ; and that every
other Government is more or less republican, in pro-
portion as it has in its composition more or less of this
ingredient of the direct action of the citizens."—Jef-
ferson's Works, vol. vii, p. 605.
Here again, while confessing the unquestion-
able vagueness of the term according to old
examples, he assumes that in a Republic all the
citizens must have a voicc. And in another
place he thus indignantly condemns denial of
representation :
a " And also that one half of our brethren who fight
rnd pay taxes are excluded, like Helots, from the
ights of representation, as if society were instituted
for the soil andnotforthe men inhabiting it, or one-
half of these could dispose of the rights and the will of the
other half without their consent."—Ibid, p. 007.
Thus did he scout the whole wretchcd preten-
sion of oligarchy and monopoly by which citi-
zens arc deprived of equal rights.
Madison was colder in nature than Jeffer-
son, but they were associates in opinion, as in
political life. The former in the debates on
the Constitution thus condemned the denial of
rights on account of color:
44 We have seen the mere'distinction of color, made
in the most enlightened period of time, a ground of
themost oppressive dominion ever exercised by man
over man."—Billot's Debates, vol. iv, p. 162.
Speaking directly of the right of suffrage, he
uses the following language;
" The right of suffrage is certainly one of the funda-
mentalortieles of republican government, andou^htnot
to be left to be regulated by the legislature. A grad-
ual abridgment of this right has been the mode m
which aristocracics have been built on the ruins of
popular forms.''—Elliot's Debates. vol. v, p. 388.
Thus declaring himself against u aristocra-
cies," he naturally rccognized the true idea, and
' here he was perplexed by the question of aprop-
erty qualification, which he says in one place,
u does not satisfy the fundamental principle that
men cannot be justly bound by laws in making
which they have no part." (Ibid. p. 580.) And
then again in another place, "It violates the
vital principle of free government, that those
who are to be bound by laws, ought to have a
voice in making them, and the violation would
become more strikingly unjust as the law-makers
become the minority." (Ibid, p. 582.) Thus
completely recognizing the great American
principle that just government can stand only on
"the consent of the governed/' he is brought
to this conclusion:
"Under every view of the subject, it seems indis-
pensable that the mass of eitrzen^should not bo with-
out a voice in making the laws which they are to obey
and in choosing the magistrates who arc to administer
them."—Ibid, p. 583.
In oneof the most remarkable chapters in the
Federalist, Madison gives expansion to this idea
• in his formal definition of a Republic:
"If we resort for a criterion to the different princi-
pleson which different forms of government are estab-
lished, we may define a republic to be, or at least may
bestow that name on, a government which derivct all^
its powers directly or indircctly from the arcatbndv of
the people, and is administered by officers holding their
offices during pleasure, for a limited time, or during
good behavior. It is esientinl for such a government
that it be derived from the great body of the society, not
from an inconsiderable proportion, or A FAVORED CLASS
OP it; otherwiseahandful of tyrannical nobles, exer-
cising their oppressions by a delegation of theirpow-
ers, might aspire to the rank of republicans, and claim
for their government the honorable title of repub-
lic."—Federalist, No. 30, by Madison.
Thus, in these few significant words, docs this
authority teach that a Republic is a govern-
ment u derived from the great body of the peo-
ple," and not from "a favored class of it."
Better words could not be found for the Ameri-
can definition.
Hamilton follows with, perhaps; equal au-
thority. Though approaching^ political ques-
tions from opposite points^of view, we find him
on this occasion uniting with Franklin, Jeffer-
son, and Madison. Here is a glimpse of the
definition he would supply:
"As long as offices are open for all and no consti-
tutional rank is established, it is pure republican-
ism."—Hamilton'a Works, vol. ii, p. 47.
Not for an oligarchy, but for all isa Republic
created. Then again he testifies for fequal
Rights and against partial distinctions ;
"There can be no truer principle than th!that
every individxial of the community has an equal rxahtto
the protection of government." * * * * "Wo
proposo a free government. Can if: bo so, partial dis-
tinction-'; are made?"—Ibid, p. 418.
And then again he says in positive words:
" A shure in the sovereignty of the State, which is
exercised by the citizens at largo in voting at elec-
tions, is one of the roost important rights of the sub-
ject, and in a Republic ought to stanaforemost in the
estimation of the law. It is that light by which we ex-
ist as a free people."—Hamilton, Works, vol. ii, p. 315.
He then portrays the principles of the Revo-
lution as follows:
" They taught the inhabitants of this country to risk
their lives and fortunes in asserting their liberty, or,
in other words, their right in a share in the government.
That portion of the sovereignty to which each indi-
vidual is entitled, can never be too highly prized. It
is that for which we have fought and bled."—Ibid.
More could not be said in the few words em-
ployed. But it is when Hamilton comes to con-
sider the Constitution of the United States and
to expound its provisions, that, while recog-
nizing the anomalous condition of Slavery, and
exposing what he calls "the compromising
expedient of the Constitution," by which "the
slave is divested of two fifths of the man," he
yet declares "the equal level of free inhabit-
ants," andannounces "that if the laws are to
restore the rights which have been taken away
the negroes could no longer be, refused an equal
share of representation with the other inhab-
itants." Here are the important words:
" It is only under the pretext that the laws liavo
transferred the negroes into subjects of property, that
a placc is disputed them in the computation of num-
bers; AND IT IS ADMITTED THAT IF THE LAWS WliKE TO
EKSTOKE THE EIGHTS WHICH HAVE BEEN TAKEN AWAY,
XIIK NEGROES COULD NO LONGEIt ISE REFUSED AN EQTJAL
SHARE OF RE PRESENTATION^ WIT IT THE OTHER INHAB-
ITANTS."'—The Federalist, Xy. 54, by Hamilton.
Thus, according to Hamilton, if the slaves are
restored to the rights which have been taken
away—in other words, if they become free-
men—they will be on the same ecjual level, and
will be entitled to the same equal share of rep-
resentation with the other inhabitants: The
two ideas of Equality and of a right to repre-
sentation, which were so early and so constantly
avowed by the Fathers, are here again recog-
nized as essential conditions of government;
and this is the true deiinition of a Republic.
With tbese great representative names to
illustrate the American idea of a Republic,
I might close this catalogue. Surely this is .
enough. But there are yet others,' whose au-
thority cannot be disregarded.
Here is the testimony of that, inflexible spirit,
who had thought and acted much, Samuel
Adams, in a lotterto his kinsman, J ohn Adams:
" That tlio sovereignty rcsidci in the people is apo-
litical docti in c which I have never hoai dan American
politician seriously deny." l'Wc,
the people, is the style of the Federal Constitution.
They adopted it; and, conformably to it, they dele-
gate the exercise of the powers of government to par-
ticular persons,who, aftershort intervals, resign tneir
powers to the people, and they will iee'loeL them, or
appoint others, as they yee fit."—John Adams's Works,
vol. vi, p. *21.
Here also is the testimony of another Re-
publican. who signed the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, Itoger Sherman, in a letter to John
Adams:
"What especially- denominate? it a republic is it6?
dopcndenccon i\\Q public, or people at fr/r.rv?witbout
any hereditary powers. But it is not of so much im-
portance by what appellation the government is dis-
tinguished, as-to have it constituted to 9 ccurctheriahts,
and advance the happiness oj the community.''—Ibid, p.
437.
There also was John Adams himself, who
was the least distinct of all the fathers on this
question 5 but we find in the introduction to his
Defense of the American Constitution a passage
which is full of prophctic meaning. Here it is :
"Thirteen governments, thus founded 011 the natu-
ral authority of the people alone, without a pretense of
miracle or mystery, and which arc destined to spread
over the northern part of that whole/juarter of the
globe, arc a great point gained in favor of the rights
of mankind.''—J. Adams's Work*, vol. iv, p. 293.
Here is a plain assertion that our thirteen
States were founded "on the natural authority
of the people alone/' and-that theywere des-
tined to spread over all 2#orthJ America.
Here also is a voice from South Carolina, m
a-speech of Charles Pinekney, on the adoption
of the Constitution: ** ' - ' "
" The doctrine of representation is the fundafrehlfct
of a Republic." * * * ♦ - "Astatlie
United Netherlands, it is such a confusion of states
and assemblies, that X have always been at a. loss
what speeicsof government to term ife. According to
my idea of the word, it is not a Rettablte; for I co$-
ceivoitasindispensablcin aRepnblic that all author-
ity should flow from tho people." * * *
" A Republic is where the people at large, either col-
lectively or by representation, form the Legisla-
ture.'^—Elliot's DebateSyVol. iv, pp. 326-328.
Colonel Mason, of Virginia, who always
spoke with so much point, said in the National
Convention:
"The true idea was that every man having evidence
of attachment to and permanent -common interest
with the society, ought to share in all its rights and
duties."—Elliot's Debates, vol. v, p. 397.
Here again was a plain recognition of the rev-
olutionary idea. Here, also, is another voice
from Virginia. I quote the words of a Virginia
writer on government—John Taylor, of Caro-
lme: •
"The end of this guarantee is 'a republican form
of government.' The meaning of this expression is
not so unsettled hero as in other countries, because
we agree in one descriptive character as essential to
the existence of a republican form of government.
Th ia is representation. We do not admit a Govern-
ment to be even in its origin republican, unless it is insti-
tuted hy representation; nor do wc allow it to be so,
unlesaits legislation is also founded upon representa-
tion.''—Construction Construed, by John Taylor^ of
Caroline, p. 312.
I close this array, illustrative of opinion, by
the words of Daniel Webster, in harmony with
the rest:
"Now, fellow-citizens, I will venture to state in a
few words what I take these American principles in
substance to be. They consist, as I think, in the first
place, in the establishment of popular governments
on the basis of representation." * * * *
" Th is representation is to be ?nade as equal as circum-
stanccsivill allow."—Webster's Wor£s, vol. ii, p. 601.
Thus, at every stage, from the opening, when
Otis announced the master principle, " Taxa-
tion without representation is Tyranny," all
along lo Daniel Webster, we find "represen-
tation " an essential element in the American
definition of a republican Government.
public acts of the sffates.
(4.) From authoritative opinions I now pass
to public acts, which testify to the true idea of
Republican Government. These public acts
are of two different classes: first, by the United
States, in their collective character; and sec-
ondly, by the States individually.
Looking at the States, in their collective char-
acter, we shall find that at the adoption of the
National Constitution they had refused to rec-
ognize any exclusion from the elective fran-
chise on account of color or race. The Fathers
knew too well the requirements of a Republican
Government to sanction any such exclusion.
Recognizing Slavery as a transitory condition,
which would soon cease, they threw over it a
careful oblivion ; but they were none the less
jealous of the rights of all freemen. The slave
did not pay taxes, and, so far as he was a person
and not property, he was a part of the family
of bis master, ,bv whom he was represented, so
that the commanding principle of the Revolution
was not disturbed in his case. But, on becom-'
ing a freeman, the slave stepped at once within
the palo of taxation, and therefore necessarily
of representation, since tho two were insepa-
rable. And this consideration was the guide to
our fathers.
The Congress of the Confederation refused
point blank to insert the word "white" in the
Articles of Confederation. The question came
up 25th June, 1T78, on these words: ''The
free inhabitants of each of these States (pau-
pers, vagabonds and fugitives from justice ex-
cepted) shall be entitled to all privileges and
immunities of free citizexs in the several
States." The delegates from South Carolina
moved, in behalf of their State, to limit thia
guarantee to "free wiiiti: inhabitants." On tho
question of inserting the word "white," eleven
States voted: two in favor of the insertion; one
