1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3665
Sennte, his funeral expenses and Ihe balance
of liis salary for the year in which he died,
Lave instructed me to report back the resolu-
tion with the recommendation that it pass. I
suppose there will be no objection to the reso-
lution. and as it is one that ought to be passed,
I ask the indulgence of the Senate to have it
passed now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the following resolution:
Revolved, That there be paid to the legal represent-
atives of Wiliiam Hickey, late Chief Clerk of the
Sena,te, $300 to pay his funeral expenses, and that
they be paid the balance of his salary as Chief Ulerk
for the year in which he died.
The resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
TIIADDEOS HYATT.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 307.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 8G7) to extend
the time of letters-patent issued to Thaddeus
Hyatt.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that there is
any propriety in making an opposition to this
bill, as it has come from the Committee on
Patents and will probably pass the Senate; but
I feel it due to myself to say that I disapprove
of it in toto. I doubt very much whether it
would not be wise in us to repeal the present
systen} of patent laws, which result in monop-
olies very injurious to the country, or, if we
intend to give relief to individuals, give it on an
entirely different plan. But I have no doubt
at all that if we do maintain that system we
ought to let it take its course, and whenever a
patent has run out and large amounts have
been amassed from it, not come in here and
tax the community for ten, fifteen, or twenty
years in addition for the benefit of a single
individual.
Now, if I am correctly informed, this pat-
ent., in this case, shows under the investiga-
tions of the committee a net earning of nearly
one hundred thousand dollars for an invention
that is very trivial in its character as far as
inventive power goes, certainly, and that is
very necessary to the free use of the commu-
nity. I, for one, am not willing to tax the
community that I represent for another term
of fourteen years for the benefit of such an
invention. I trust the bill will not be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mis-
souri, I believe, makes the objection to this bill
that he assures me he makes to all bills of the
same sort. That is, he opposes all bills grant-
ing patents and then granting extensions. The
fact about this patent is, that it was issued
many years ago. In the first seven years the
inventor did not get anybody to use it. The
second seven years he got it in use through
a manufacturing company, and the last seven
years it has been somewhat remunerative.
The fact is that what the community are now
using is covered by the old invention, and the
old invention is not what he uses, but that
patent is the only protection ho has for the
invention that he does use. I know this case
very thoroughly, because I have been con-
nected with Mr. Hyatt for many years, and I
know this is a case of very peculiar merit, so
far as his own condition is concerned.
Mr. BROWN. I have no feeling in this
case that would lead me to oppose this partic-
ular patent more than any other as regards
the persons who are involved in it. On the
contrary, my feelings would perhaps incline
me to look with favor (if I could so look upon
am thing of the kind) upon this measure for the
benefit of the person interested; but 1 think the
principle is a wrong one. I think the evidence
brought out by the committee shows that the
receipts from this patent have been amply suf-
ficient to cover the invention, and that there is
nothing of merit in the application at the pres-
ent time for an extension. It is simply levying
39xh Cons. 1st fes.—No. 230.
a tax upon the community under another name
for the benefit of a single individual.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator spoke of his
constituents. His own constituents have never
paid a cent. They have used the patent with-
out paying the inventor one cent. There is
nothing collected to-day at St. Louis.
Mr. BROWN. I presume they have paid as
much as any other constituency if they have
used it.
Mr. POMEROY. No ; the articles have
been manufactured in St. Louis without Mr.
Hyatt getting any commission on them. What
little they do use there have been manufac-
tured without any benefit to him.
Mr. BROWN. So much the better reason
why it should be continued so.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the objection
of the Senator from Missouri is of that broad
and general character which is equally appli-
cable to every bill of this kind. If objections
that were of a special character were adduced
against this bill, I should certainly be willing
to go into the argument in its favor, and not
otherwise; and yet there was one remark which
the Senator let drop that I think deserves a
passing comment. He spoke of this as a
"trivial" invention. Against his accidental
judgment, thus hazarded, I would adduce the
official testimony of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, who, when called upon to review this
patent officially, expressed himself as follows:
" I am entirely satisfied that Hyatt's invention,
whether it was the result of a high degree of invent-
ive genius or required but a very small amount ofinge-
nuity, is a very valuable one to the public, and has
proved a source of more advantage and profit to them
than to the inventor himself."
Sir, there is official testimony that this inven-
tion is a very valuable one to the public. Now,
sir, I might go further. I might go into details
and show the extent of its value to the public.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is it ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the vault lights which
really have only been brought into use in a few
of the large cities, chiefly in New York, a lit-
tle in Boston, and a little in Philadelphia ; but,
however, I will not occupy the time of the
Senate upon it.
Mr. COWAN. I will only say that I think
the honorable Senator from Missouri misap-
prehends the question when he asserts that
this is a tax upon the community for the bene-
fit of Mr. Hyatt. That is not the question. The
question is whether at this time the commu-
nity is entitled to the benefit of that which was
Mr. Hyatt's, which he invented and which he
discovered, and which, for aught we know
about it, the community never would other-
wise have possessed. That is the question.
The community are not compelled to use Mr.
Hyatt's invention; but if they do use it and
are content to pay him a reasonable compen-
sation for it, I think he ought to have that
compensation until he has been remunerated
fully for the service which he has conferred
upon the community. That is this case, and
I would say further that this is not per se an
extension of the patent. The bill merely au-
thorizes Mr. Hyatt to go before the Commis-
sioner of Patents and there make out his case
the same as though he were applying under the
law which now prevails for the first extension.
Mr. BROWN. I believe that the patent
laws go upon the principle that the term pro-
vided in them shall be a sufficient compensa-
tion for the invention. Now, 1 have heard no
one reason adduced here this morning why we
shall go beyond the present law, why we shall
depart from the present systeni and violate
what is the system, so to speak, in behalf of
this individual. I believe it is confessed on
all sides that a very large amount of money
has been realized by this invention. If I am
not mistaken, the patent has already been ex-
tended once, and the intention now is to extend
it by special act for an additional term of four-
teen years.
Mr. POMEROY, and others. Seven years.
Mr. BROWN. Seven years. So far as any-
thing has been adduced to show why it should
be done, it strikes me as the very best reason
why it should not. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts in commenting on my remarks speaks
of the great value of this invention, how largely
it is coming into use, how much it is needed
by the public everywhere. Well, sir, I think
that is a reason why we should care a little for
the public interest in this matter, especially if
the individual has been compensated, and
compensated more than ninety-nine out of a
hundred inventions ever get. I am opposed
to the bill in toto, and I hope it will not be
passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Missouri, as he has examined
the bill, how long the special privilege has been
enjoyed and what have been the profits made.
What is the invention?
Mr. BROWN. It is an invention for light-
ing vaults by the insertion of glass in the pa\ e-
ments. I think the report shows that some-
thing like ninety-six thousand dollars has been
realized from the invention heretofore. The
chairman of the committee can state howlong
the patent has been enjoyed.
Mr. COWAN. Prom the evidence which
was before the committee it appeared that dur-
ing the time that Mr. Hyatt enjoyed the bene-
fit of his invention, the first fourteen years that
he enjoyed it, the patent realized hardly any-
thing, from the difficulty which he had in intro-
ducing |t into public use. During the last few
years he has realized, perhaps, something near
one hundred thousand dollars ; but upon con-
sidering the great value of this improvement
to the community, particularly in large cities,
seeing that it makes available the very foot-
walks for all the purposes of store-rooms and
shops of various kinds, and that it can be ap-
plied to other purposes usefully, the committee
thought ho had not been compensated for the
value of the invention to the community. It
might have been ample compensation for divers
inventions, but not for one of such magnitude
as this and one of such great importance to
large cities; and therefore it was that we
thought he ought to have an opportunity to
apply to the Commissioner of Patents for an-
other extension of seven years, as it is reall}-
only six or seven years that his discovery has
been introduced into general use.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I first came to
Congress these applications were frequent. I
was on the Committee on Patents for a time,
and I was astonished at the representations
made. In some cases patents popularly sup-
posed to be exceedingly valuable after they
had been enjoyed for a term of fourteen years,
were, on proof to the Commissioner that they
had not been as profitable as they ought to be,
extended for seven years. It was then a very
common thing to come here with applications
to get seven years in addition. This made very
considerable confusion constantly from the fact
that rights were assigned in them in different
places, and the renewal for seven years was held
by the courts as a general rule not to apply to
, assignments, so that the patentee wasreinvested
in all his powers and held the whole. So far
as I observed, those really valuable patents
which had paid well were the only ones really
in regard to which there came applications for
renewal. Finally Congress became satisfied
of that and refused to grant any extension
after the period of twenty-one years ; they
thought that was long enough. That would
seom to be enough to secure to a man a reward
for his brains and labor. He got twenty-one
years, and that was thought to be quite suffi-
cient,' and even fourteen years, in many cases,
was found to be so. As I have understood, it
was a matter of entire understanding, undis-
puted for a considerable time, that this Mr.
Hyatt had made a fortune, a very comfortable
fortune.
Mr. SUMNER. A mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He so represented him-
self, at any rate, and his friends represented
him to be a man in very easy circumstances.
He lived certainly m if he were during tha
