3666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
time; and I really believe he has been suffi-
ciently paid for his invention, which after all
is a very simple thing in itself. It costs noth-
ing of any consequence in its construction; it
is a pure discovery rather than an invention;
and out of it the profit of the invention is clear.
I do not see any reason in this particular case
for an extension, and it is very seldom that
there is a case where an invention is profitable
and valuable that it should be renewed beyond
the time fixed by the law, which is ample and
generous.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has he had twenty-
one years?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose he has.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He has had one
extension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was originally four-
teen years, and one extension would make it
twenty-one years, and it is long enough to keep
a thing of this sort, which has come into gen-
eral use, from the public. The provision made
by Congress in the original law was a very gen-
erous one in point of time, and has resulted, in
the case of beneficial inventions, always very
profitably to the inventor.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has not stated
that during seven years not one man in the
United States would take the patent.
ill-. FESSENDEN. That is very frequently
the case, but the patentees make it up after-
ward.
Mr. POMEROY. During the next seven
years 110 man would make anyof these lights
except what he manufactured himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How many years ago
is it since Mr. Hyatt was before the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. During the John Brown
Mr. ANTHONY. Just seven years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At that time he was
in the full tide of successful experiment and
was repuicd to be a man who had made a very
considerable sum of money.
Mr. POMEROY. That was another matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN, No, sir; the subject
of these very lights ; and he has made a great
deal of money out of it, and I think he can
afford to get along after having the patent for
twenty-one years. I think the policy adopted
by Congress at that time was a good one and
just to the public, and as has been remarked
by my friend from Missouri, we should look-
out a, little for the public, and I am disposed
to look out for the public on applications for
the extension of a patent in this or any other
case. The argument in such cases usuallv has
been that the patent has been pirated and the
inventor has been put to the expense of law
suits, which have consumed the profits. 1 have
not heard anything of that, sort alleged in this
particular case. It is unquestionably true that
six years ago, if that was the time Mr. Hyatt
was here, he was reputed to have made a good
deal of money out of his patent. It had then
come into general use and it was sought for.
You can see it wherever you go in our cities.
I therefore, under the circumstances, shall vote
against this extension.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator from
Maine is entirely mistaken when he says that
Mr. Hyatt has enrichcd himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he has not it is be-
cause he has misspent his money. He has had
great receipts.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that if he
has not he has misspent his money. On that
I have 110 special knowledge, and I do not wish
to introduce that element into the case. I
should prefer to argue the case on the facts
which we have before us, and on which we can
absolutely rely. Now, here is a statement from
Mr. Hyatt himself.
Mr. "BROWN. I will ask the Senator if any
report has been made by the committee on this
case.
Mr. SUMNER. I had not the honor of being
on the committee.
Mr. COWAN. There is no printed report.
Mr. BRO WN. Then there is nothing before
us to show on what we are acting.
Mr. SUMNER. I have before me a state-
ment of Mr. Hyatt himself, in which I place
absolute confidence. He says:
"I may add, and I think justice to myself requires
from me a statement of the fact that I am not to-day
the fortunate possessor of $110,000, nor the quarter
of it. I know, indeed, that it is no part of the argu-
ment for me to say that I have never even received
the half of it, but it is a part of the tact."
There is the statement of this individual,
whose word I have never known to be im-
pugned, a gentleman whom I know personally,
for whose character and veracity, so far as I
may be permitted to do, I vouch absolutely.
I have complete confidence in anything that
Mr. Plyatt states on his own knowledge. He
states "himself, as a fact, that he has never
received even half of this sum which is attrib-
uted to him. And now, sir, the question
occurs, has he received a sufficient reward
or compensation for his patent ? That leads
to the question of the value of the invention.
On that I have already adduced the very strong
testimony of the Commissioner of Patents,
who gives it as his positive opinion that the
invention is of very great and peculiar value ;
but it needs no official testimony for Senators
to see that it is of great and peculiar value.
The character of the invention itself is so
obvious, it goes so to the understanding the
moment you begin to look at it, that 110 one
can hesitate to say that it is of great and pecu-
liar value. It may be regarded, as I under-
stand it, in two different aspects: first, as a
light to cellars and bringing into use cellars
and underground apartments which before this
invention were absolutely useless, but which
are now brought practically into the light of
day, so that immense spaces in all our largo
cities, and especially in New York, are now
used for merchandise which formerly were
absolutely idle, yielding no profit of any kind.
Thus an immense amount of taxable property
is brought forward to contribute to the ex-
penses of the Government. From the mem-
orandum I have in my hand I read this state-
ment on that point:
"At the present hour, too, there is lyins below the
sidewalks of the greatoity of Now York taxable real
estate to the value of $5,000,00!), upon which the city
government collects taxes to the extent of $40,000 a
year, while the owners derive from it an annual reve-
nue of 5100,000 more."
Thus in the city of New York alone that
vast amount of property is brought to the light
of day, if I may so express myself, and made
to contribute through taxation to the resources
of this Government.
Then this light is applicable in another way.
It is used in roofs as a covering there, and is
fire-proof, and through its fire-proof character
buildings and merchandise of vast amount have
been protected from conflagration. F'or in-
stance here is a statement on that head :
"At this hour more than one hundred million dol-
lars'worth of merchandise is nightly protected in tho
city of New York against, lire and burglary by my
vault lights, manufactured into illuminating roofs,
which cover tho rear extensions of tho principal
stories of warehouses in that city."
These are the two different aspects in which
this invention may be seen. In each aspect
its value is apparent. Thus in each does it
contribute to the resources of the city or place
where it is, enlarging the taxable property and
also contributing to the wealth of the owners.
I think, therefore, I do not go too far when I
say that such an invention is valuable in its
character.
Now, the question is whether the inventor
has received enough from the patent. It ap-
pears, and no one I believe will question it—
the chairman of the committee certainly will
sustain me in what I say—that during the first
seven years lie actually received nothing, so
that those seven years may as it were be counted
out. Then came the second seven years when
he began to get his invention into use, but dur-
ing that time he received little more than what
belonged to him as a manufacturer; he re-
ceived very lif tie on account of what is some-
times called the "royalties" from the inven-
tion. Then tho patent was renewed for seven
years, and during that time he and all con-
cerned received some $120,000, out of which
not one half has come to him.
Under those circumstances he comes before
Congress asking an extension of his patent for
another seven years. Now, sir, it does seem
to me that in making this request he is per-
fectly reasonable. The first seven years of his
patent were nothing; the second seven years
were very little; it is only during the third
seven years that he has begun to receive any-
thing; and what he has received, I submit, is
a very small consideration for the invention
that he has bestowed on the community. I
think, sir, if we give him another seven years
we shall do nothing more than follow out the
principle of the Constitution which authorizes
Congress to legislate for the benefit of inventors.
I do not know that I can add anything more
to this very simple statement. I put the case
on its essential simplicity; and I put it also on
the statements which I have read from the in-
ventor himself, in which I place implicit con-
fidence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole argument
in this case seems to me to be very strange.
Everybody knows the character of this patent;
it is very simple. It is known that patents for
the most simple things sometimes are of most
value. The man who lights upon it first, by
the exercise of his mind, his intellect, and his
ingenuity is entitled to the benefit of it. But
the argument which is usually adduced in these
cases for an extension of time is that tho in-
ventions are of a character that require a great
deal of time and a great deal of ingenuity and
repeated failures, long expenditure of labor
and of money, too, in order to bring them to a
state of perfection in which they are valuable.
Now, that argument does not exist in this case.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him there?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Here is the statement of
Mr. Hyatt 011 that point. He says:
"I began this thing at eighteen years of age;raado
the invention public at twenty-six; worked indus-
triously at it until Iwasforty-threo; and now Istaud
within tho shadow of my fiftieth year."
Beginning it at eighteen.
Mr. BROWN. And receiving the benefit
of it all that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How he began it and
how he worked upon it does not appear. The
idea might have entered into his brain at that
time and it might not. I do not dispute any-
thing the Senator says about his entire con-
fidence in Mr. Hyatt. I only say I have not
that entire confidence in the statement of a
person interested when there is no other evi-
dence in the case except tho mere question of
the value of tho invention which would induce
me to predicate action as a legislator upon that
alone.
It will be recollected, too, that the argument
of its great use to the public works the other
way. If the patentee lias had tho benefit of
it for twenty-one years, and it is of really such
use to the public, the Government has finished
its contract with him under the law. It has
given him his twenty-one years. He certainly
cannot pretend to have lost money. He admits
that he has received about fifty thousand dol-
lars, at any rate. One would think that was
tolerably good pay out of an invention—more
than I ever received, or expect to receive, for
the exercise of my brain on all subjects ; to be
sure, not so valuable as Mr. Hyatt's glass in-
vention ; but I should bo amazingly well sat-
isfied if I had laid up $50,000 out of all the
intellectual researches I have been able to
make.
Mr. SUMNER. Or received?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, " or received."
I do not know but that I have received that
much. One would think that tolerably good
pay, for ho has received it all within five or
six years, according to tho statement made
here. 11' we renew this patent, we_ tax every
man who has occasion to use this invention.
Fourteen years is the time fixed by law, and a
man may get seven years more, under the law,
