1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
passed a bill (H. R. No. 223) entitled "An act
to amend an act to incorporate the Mutual
Fire Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia,1' with an amendment, in which, the
concurrence of the House was requested.
REAR ADMIRAL PAULDING.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a
bill for the relief of Hiram Paulding, rear
admiral of the United States Navy ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill and report were both read.
Mr. EOSS. The bill mates an appropria-
tion, and must, under the rules, have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill does make an
appropriation, and if objected to it must be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ROSS. I object to its consideration now.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. It has been reported
upon favorably by many committees of Con-
gress. It has been passed by the Senate twice,
and has been agreed to by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of this House.
Mr. ROSS. There are a great, many honest
claims before_ the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and I think this should
go there with them.
Mr. PIIELPS moved that the bill be recom-
mitted.
The motion was agreed to.
i:ir,nT-noi:n svstkm.
Mr. WRIGHT. I asl ; unanimous consent to
present' a memorial.
There was no objection.
Mr. WRiCII-FT. Mr. Speaker, I have the
honor to present the memorial of several thou-
sands of the people ol' my district, asking that the
officers of the Government, so far as they are
engaged in mechanical pursuits, shall have the
benefit, of what is called the '' eight-hour system
of labor," ami to say that 1 cordially concur in
the prayer of the memorialists. I move that
it be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
WOOL.
_ Mr. PAINE. I present the following resolu-
tions, adopted at a convention of wool-growers
of southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois,
held at llurlington, Wisconsin, March 1SGG,
and move that Ihey be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed :
Whereas the wool-growing interests of the conn-
try_a<ro laboring under disadvantages and difliculties
Bciiously aflectim; its ptospenly, the Wool-Urowers'
Convention of southern Wisconsin and northern Illi-
nois, assembled at Burlington, Wiscon&hi, do adopt
the following resolutions:
Rriolvdy That it is the duty of Congress lo provide
pumcient protection against the low prices of foreign
wool grown in warm latitudes, -where the raising of
food for hheoi* i& unnecessary, and where wool can be
grown for from live to twelve ccnft per pound.
Jtesohed, That it is the duty of Congress to impose
a specific duty upon foreign wools competing with
Amcriean wools,at thoratc ofiifrconccnts perpouiid
on all unwashed wool, thirty cent1? per pound on all
washed wool, forty-five cents per pound 011 all scoured
wools, and twenty-fiveconts per pound on all shoddy
and woolen rap;<«.
Reached That we earnestly protest against the
adoption of any tnnit imposing ad vedorua duties
upon imported wools or woolens.
llcaolvcd, That while we are willing that important
woolen manufacturing interest of the United States
should rcccive all the protection which may be neces-
sary to render it prosperous, we firmly insist that the
wool-growing interest is equally important, is enti-
tled to equal protection, and that this convention,
representing the farmers and wool-ruowers of south-
ern "Wisconsin and northern Illinois, doe? most ear-
nestly request ouv .Senators and Kcpn ^entatives in
Congress to see that our interests in this regard are
fully respected in the proposed adjustment of the
tariff 011 wools and woolen fabrics.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 hoppiUvill notb e ordered
to be printed. If one be ordered to bo printed,
then we will have to print, all the others.
Mr. PAINE. I do not insist on that part of
my motion.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
TAX UPON STATE BANK CIRCULATION.
Mr. PIKE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be requested to inquire into the expediehcy of
providing for ttie postponemen t of the assessment of
the ten per cent, tax on State bank circulation until
thclSth of January next, or, if that be inexpedient,
to provide for allowing Stato banks to beeomo na-
tional banks any time before the 18 th of October next,
with all the privileges of national banks now in opera-
tion.
Mr. ALCONA. I object.
RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia arc hereby directed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of repealing tlie act of July 9,1846, entitled
"An act to retrocedetheeounty of Alexandria to the
Stato of Virginia."
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
NEW YORK CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the regular order of business after the
morning hour, being the following resolutions
reported from the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Hon. James Brooks is not entitled
to a goat in this ltousc as a Representative in the
Thirtv-Ninth Congress from the eighth district in
Now York.
Resolved, That William E. Dodge is entitled to a
seatin this Ilou^e as a Representative in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the eighth district in New York.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I know it is not
necessary to remind the House that this is an
important question submitted to them—the
right of a member to a seat upon this floor and
of a constituency to the Representative of their
choice; but still, so frequently have these cases
of late come before the House that sometimes
I think it is disposed to dispatch them as a mat-
ter of business rather than to weigh and pass
upon them as a judicial question. There are other
questions of ajudicial character that the Consti-
tution provides shall be submitted to this body,
buttlie constitution of the House, ofcourse, un-
derlies, not only all those, but all other matters
to bo decided here. Therefore the House will
excuse me for reminding, perhaps tiring, them
with repeating the details of these eases, which
attract no notice outside of this Chamber. So
little attention is sometimes given lo them here
that I am sorry lo say we are in danger of dis-
patching them as matters of business when we
ought lo consider them more carefully than any
other subject which comes before us.
Perhaps there may be some danger, too, es-
pecially in a House constituted politically as
this is, with a large preponderating majority
upon one side, of disposing of the case in a
manner which the judgment of sober men out-
side nf this House would not commend.
Tt, has been the object of the committee, so
far as the lot of humanity will permit, to free
itself from all bias so as to be able to present
this report, as they hope they have done others
heretofore which have received the sanction of
the House, solely as a matter of fact, in regard
to the votes cast in the eighth congressional
district of New York, and to ascertain, so far
as was possible, what was the honest voice of
that district in the election here contested.
If the committee, in presenting the views on
one side or the other, can have the attention
of the House candidly and carefully to the real
stato of the facts connected with this case, 1
think the conclusion to which the "House-shall
come will be satisfactory to the committee.
This contest concerns the representation of
the eighth congressional district of New York.
Itisoneofthe so-called up-town districts of New
York city, being composed of the eighteenth,
twentieth, and twenty-first wards. The district
extends clear across the city from the East river
to the Hudson. It embraces therefore, as every-
one acquainted with the character of New Yotk
city knows, every variety of the inhabitants of
thai great city. It embraces representatives of
the Old World of all characters, pundits, and
conditions of life. That vast city, the greatest on
the continent, huddled together in very narrow
limits, casts a vote greater than is east'by many
whole States. All these votes have to be cast
within the limits of a single day, between sun-
rise and sunset—cast by people living in all
conditions, from the hovel to the palace.
It has been, as every one knows who is
familiar with the history of New York, a mat-
ter of general complaint, so much so that the
Legislature has addressed itself to the subject,
that it has been next to impossible, or at least
very difficult,, to secure a true and honest ex-
pression of the voters in the several districts
of the city, owing to the number of votes cast
by those who have no legal right to vote.
Every variety of device has been resorted to
and adopted to circumvent the object sought
by the Legislature in securing an honest elec-
tion. At times every barrier has been broken
down by the tumult that has been raised around
the polls, not such as is to be charged spe-
cially against the people of the city of New
York alone, but such as is necessarily con-
nected wiih the assembling and crowding to-
gether of such a body of men, all striving to
cast their votes within the limited time pre-
scribed by law.
With these remarks I desire to give some
idea of the difficulty of holding a fair election
in the city of New York. And this is why
certain laws have been enacted in the* State
of New York applicable to elections.
Before calling attention to those laws, I will
state that at this election, which was held a
year ago last November, there were in this dis-
trict three candidates in the field, who received
the entire vote, I believe, cast at the polls.
The vole, as returned by those named as offi-
cers at the several precincts, was as follows :
For the sitting member 8,5S3
For the contestant 8,435
For Mr. Thomas J. Barr  4,544
Showing a plurality for the sitting member,
according to this'return, of 148 votes.
The contest has been confined to four pre-
cincts or voting districts, namely, the thirteenth
of the eighteenth ward, the fifteenth of the eigh-
teenth ward, the third of the twenty-first, ward,
and the seventh of the twenty-first ward.
I propose at this time simply to state the
results at which the committee arrived, and the
grounds upon which they based those results,
leaving the case open for such considerations
as may bo submitted by others, reserving the
right to answer such arguments, if any there
be, which bear against the conclusions of the
committee.
The committee were of the opinion that the
contestant failed to sustain his case in two of
these districts, and did sustain it in the other
two; that as to the thirteenth district of the
eighteenth ward, and the third district of the
twenty-first ward, the evidence did not sustain
the allegations of the contestant so conclusively
as to satisfy the committee, and therefore they
were of the opinion that he had failed to make
out his allegations touching them ; but that as
to the fifteenth district, of the eighteenth ward,
and the seventh district of the twenty-first
ward, the committee were of the opinion that
the evidence sustained the allegations, and they
have reported accordingly.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
the grounds upon which the committee have
concluded touching those two districts, assum-
ing that inasmuch as the committee were unan-
imous as to the other two districts, the House
will not care to have me go over the evidence
upon which they came to a conclusion adverse
to the contestant as regards those districts.
I ask the House to tax their patience as well
as they may while• I state the evidence upon
which the committee arrived at the conclusion
that the allegations were sustained in regard to
the other two districts.
In speaking a moment ago of the efforts upon
the pai t of the Legislature of the State of New
York to secure an honest ballot in the city of
New York, I had reference particularly to a law
which came undertlie consideration of the com-
mittee, and the non-compliance with which by
the officers of the election of the fifteenth district
of the eighteenth ward, led directly, in the opin-
