266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. op Reps.
Contested Election,—Mr. Paine.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
say, as I said before, that although the report
of the majority of the committee in the case so
often referred to was ratified in this House, I
feel not only authorized but bound in this case
to vote in accordance with the opinion which
I maintain in the minority report in the case
of Koontz vs. Coffroth. I answer him, then,
by saying that I do not believe this House is
bound to follow the rule which the House
adopted in that case, but I believe we are at
liberty, if we see fit, to reconsider and change
the rule which wa's then adopted, and I have
no doubt that we ought to do so.
• But I have to ask how you will change the
result in the case now before us when you have
done all that, when you have reconsidered and
rescinded the rule which yon then laid down,
as I believe you onght to do? You will not
affect the' result in this case. You will still
leave the sitting member in his seat. _ I have
not intimated—and the gentleman misunder-
stood me if ho thinks I h'ate—that this House
is bound to follow an iticorrect decision. I
repudiate that idea. We are not only not
bound to follow it, but are, in my judgment,
in duty bound not to follow it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If I understand my friend,
lie now says that company A, one hundred and
fifly-fifth regiment, were counted far Fuller, so
that that makes 7 votes to be taken from the 16
majority counted for the sitting member, leav-
ing him in. Do I understand his position cor-
rectly?
Mr. PAINE. Let me explain.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not want an expla-
nation. If the gentleman wants to meet this
case with fairness, he will give us a categori-
cal auswer without talking and explaining and
making speeches about it. Is he in favor of
counting the 7 votes given by the soldiers of
company A, one hundred and fifty-fifth Penn-
sylvania regiment, or is he in favor of reject-
ing them?
Mr. PAINE. I shall be very apt to answer
the gentleman in my own way. I do not quite
like to hear him say that he now understands
this matter so and so, as if I had ever expressed
a different opinion. I repeat that I have al-
ways thought, as I think now, that this return
should have been counted. _ I say so in the re-
port and have repeatedly said so in the House
to-day. Why did not the gentleman' read the
report and ascertain my opinions there, instead
of asking me whether ho understands that now
I say "so and so?" If that return would
change the result it would change my vote in
this case. But it makes no change in the re-
sult. I have said nothing different from this,
and It is idle to insinuate that I havo stated one
thing in the report, or heretofore on this floor,
in reference to this case, and now state another
thing. I now answer the gentleman " cate-
gorically," and say that that return ought to
have been counted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. Pj^INli. I have not yet reached the
main points of nay argument, and should be
glad of an extension of time.
_ Mr, SCOFIELD. I move the gentleman's
time be extended.
Mr. PAINE. Personally, I do not desire to
proceed, but I thought it due to the gentlemen
on the other side that I should fully explain
what they have to meet. But there seems to
be some opposition, and perhaps I had better
wait until I take the floor to close the debate.
Friday, July 13, 1806.
The Ilouse resumed the consideration of thercport
from the Committee of Elections.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I understand
how completely the patience of the House has
been exhausted by this protracted debate and I
promise tD bring the question to a vote, if pos-
sible, in a very short time; but in order to do
so I must now announce that 1 shall be unable
to yield any portion of my time to any member
of the House for any purpose.
This contest commenced before the Com-
mittee of Elections on the 14th of March last.
At or about that time the contestant presented
his proofs and they were printed, and here is
the volume which resulted. It contains one
hundred and twenty-seven pages. On the 18th
day of April th'e attorney of the sitting mem-
ber asked the attorney of th'e 'contestant, in
the presence of the committee, whether that
book contained all the evidence upon which
he rested his case. The answer was , that it
contained his whole case ; I heard that an-
swer given in the presence of both of the par-
ties to the contest. [
The committee then resolved to meet again
on the 27th day of April for a further hearing
of the parties, but when the 27th day of April
came the contestant did not appear. It was
evident to all of us, I presume—certainly it was
to me when I came to, look into this book—
that it contained not one single line which, as
evidence in this ease either before the commit-
tee or before the House, was worth the paper
upon which it was printed. It contains no
certified copies of anything, but merely certi-
fied abstracts of returns of votes deposited in
the office of the secretary' of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania; abstracts for which
no law of the State of Pennsylvania or of the
United States provides. It was not seriously
contended on the hearing that these abstracts
were comp%tent evidence, but the contestant
insisted in his "review" that just such certi-
fied abstracts were admitted in the cases of
Vallandighatn vs. Campbell, and Blair us. Bar-
rett, formerly decided by this House. An ex-
amination of those cases will show that no such
abstracts were admitted either by the commit-
tee or by the House.
In the former case, which was decided m
1858, Mr. Vallandigham produced from the
office of the seoietary of the State of Ohio,
not certified abstracts made by the secretary
of returns on file in his office, but copies cer-
tified by the secretary of election summaries
or abstracts prepared, in accordance with the
statute of that State, by the county clerks of
the district, and by them deposited, in obe-
dience to law, in the office of the secretary of
state. The evidence in that case consisted of
copies authorized by law of abstracts author-
ized by law. The evidence in this book con-
sists of abstracts not authorized by law of
returns authorized by law. In that case the
Committee of Elections were unable to agree,
but submitted three minority statements. Four
recommended the admission of Mr. Vallandig-
ham to the seat. Four were in favor of Mr.
Campbell, and one,. the chairman, recom-
mended that the seat should be declared va-
cant. The only objection to the introduction
of this evidence reterred to by those who sup-
ported Mr. Vallandigham's claim to the seat
was that it was not procured within the sixty
days limited for taking testimony. Those who
supported Mr. Campbell's claim insisted that
under the statutes of Ohio the abstracts or
summaries made by the clerks and transmitted
to the secretary of state constituted a valid
foundation for the Governor's certificate of
election to the successful candidate, hut were
not valid for any other purpose, and neither the
original summaries of the clerks nor the copy
thereof certified by the secretary of state would
be competent evidence in a contest.
The following is an extract from the views
of Mr. Lamar, in favor of Mr. Vallandigham :
" It was obj ected that the committee ought n ot to re-
ceive and consider the 'abstract' of votes returned to
the office of the secretary of state for the returned
member andthe'contestant because the documentwas
not 'obtained' or 'taken' within the sixty days limited
for ' taking testimony.'_ This objection, in the opin-
ion of the undersigned, is destitute of force. Without
deciding whether it w.as not rather the duty of the
sitting member than of the contestant to produce it
before the committee, they are clearly of the opin-
ion that the negative provision as to testimony, in
the ninth section of the act of 1851, was intended to
apply and does apply solely to the testimony of wit-
nesses, or at most to such writing as can be proved
only by the examination of witnesses; and that doc-
umentary evidence, at least that which proves itself,
may be obtained at any time after the sixty days, and
produced before the committee at the hearing. The
abstract in Question purports to come from the proper
office, and officer, and hears upon it the impress of the
great seal of the State, than which there can be no
higher evidence of authenticity."
In the minority report in favor of Mr. Camp-
bell, Mr. Gilmer uses this language:
" It is not a copy of any official paper which of it-
solf, when produced, would be evidence, but a mere
copy of a certificate which itself is merely a result
ascertained by calculation from the original and only
source of information, the poll-books. The laws of
Ohio require each voter to be registered on a poll-
book at the time of his voting, by the judges or com-
missioners of the election. This poll-book is directed
to be returned from each place of voting to the clerk
of the county, and from it the clerk is directed to
certify the summary—thatis the number of votes cast
for the respective candidates. (See Swan's Dig., State
of Ohio, pages 312, 313, 311, sections 17,18,19.) It is
therefore plain that the only original records of tho
votes cast at any precinct or poll, are not the elork's
certificate to the Governor, but the poll-books kept
by the commissioners and by them sent to the clerk's
office, to be there safely kept for all persons 'who
may choose to inspect them.' * * * * "So
the certificate of the clerk to the Governor of tho
number—the summary of the votes—is an adequate
foundation for the niercly ministerial act of tho Gov-
ernor in giving the certificate of election to the per-
son appearing to have, from the clerk's certificate,
the greatest number of votes. F®r that special min-
isterial act the clerk's certificate is a j ust foundation;
the law makes it so; but it goes no further. It does
not make it evidence in a legal contest when tho
question is not how many votes are certified to tho
Governor, but how many votes were actually cast at
the polls, that any vote was really so cast."
The Ilouse by a vote of—yeas 107, nays 100,
declared that the contestant, Mr. Vallandig-
ham, was entitled to the seat.
The character of the evidence admitted in
the case of Blair vs. Barrett, decided in I860,
will appear from the extract which I now give
from the report of the committee in that case:
"In addition to this testimony was that from an-
other soureo, which was strenuously resisted by tho
sitting member on two grounds: first, that evidence
from this source was not competent in an investiga-
tion of thiskind: second, that the method of produ-
cing it before the committee was in conflict with the
well-established rules of evidence. The evidence
alluded to was this: on the 13th day of August, 1858,
tho city council of St. Louis passed an ordinance to
take the census of the city provided by its charter and
previous ordinances. A copy of this ordinance will
be annexed to this report. For this purpose the city
was divided into districts and eensus-takers wore ap-
pointed foroach census district. They wore instructed
in addition to an enumeration of the inhabitants, to
ascertain and report various other matters of statis-
tical information; among which was the nationality
of the inhabitants found within their respective pre-
cincts, and whether naturalized or not if foreign-
born; how long resident, (to. It was to the evidence
which the reports of these census takers disclosed
that the sitting member strenuously objected: first,
because under no circumstances could they be evi-
dence of facts which they purport to contain: and
secondly, because of the manner of bringing thai evi-
dence before tho committee. The committee answer
that so far as the census takers themselves were wit-
nesses testifying to the facts contained in their re-
port obtained by themselves, which was tho case in
very many instances in which this kind of testimony
was offered, it is the ordinary case of men making
memoranda or writing down what they know, and
then coming into court and testifying to the facts
thus acquired, refreshing their memory from tho pa-
per thus made out by them. Nor is there any objec-
tion to others comparing the poll-books with those
memoranda thus verified and testifying to the result
of the comparison. But these reports of the census
takers now in the archives of the city are official
documents and are prima facie evidence of the facts
they contain."
The House sustained the report of the com-
mittee by a vote of—yeas 93, nays 91.
The contestant js therefore mistaken in his
assertion that, abstracts similar to those con-
tained in this book were admitted in the case
of Vallandigham vs. Campbell, and Blair vs.
Barrett.
But if such a decision had been made by this
House twenty times over it could be no rule for
me, because it would have been so entirely vio-
lative of all known principles of evidence and
so dangerous in contests of this kind that I
should feel hound to ask the House to recon-
sider and reject it.
I have said that on the 18th day of April the
committee adjourned to meet on the 27th. But
