2706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a communication ad-
dressed to hi in by the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting information in relation to the petition
of Mrs. Sarah A. Brewer, widow of Major Gen-
eral Anson L. Brewer, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
the Board of Trade of Bay county, Michigan,
praying for an appropriation by Congress for
the improvement of the harbor at the mouth,
of Saginaw river: -which -was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERItED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the
case of Lydia, Cruder, executrix of Moses Shepherd,
be taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a communication from the Secretary of
War, covering a letter from General Dyer, chief
of Ordnance, in relation to the legislation ne-
cessary to fix and establish the position of the
Chicago and Hock Island railroad at Rock Isl-
and, Illinois, so as to enable the War Depart-
ment to occupy that island for military pur-
poses, reported a bill (S. No. 330) making
further provision for the establishment of an
armory and arsenal of construction, deposit,
and repair on Ilock Island, in the State of Illi-
nois ; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. It. No. 8) to revive the
grade of general in the United States Army,
reported it with an amendment..
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
recommitted the bill (S. No. 221) to aid in the
construction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific rail way, and to seen re to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes, reported it with an amendment.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. WADE. I move that the bill (S. No.
280J to provide for the probate of and for the
recording of wills of real estate situated in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,
which was reported adversely by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, be recommit-
ted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 331) requiring agents of the Post Ollice
Departmenttogivebondin certain cases; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 332) to provide for the construction of a
wagon road from White Bluffs, in Washington
Territory, to Helena, ill Montana Territory:
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
abill of which no previous notice has been
given. I do it by request.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 333) to incorporate
the American Cotton Company of the District
of Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
ELECTION OF SENATORS.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency and prac-
ticability of providing a uniform and .effective mode
of securing tho election of Senators in Congress by
the Legislatures of the several States, and that they
have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
MRS. ABIGAIL RYAN.
Mr. WILLEY. On Friday last I entered a
motion to reconsider the vote on the passage
of the bill (S. No. SliS) for the relief of Mrs.
Abigail Ryan. I ask leave of the Senate now
to withdraw the motion to reconsider that bill,
finding that it is all correct.
Leave was granted.
LEONARD ST. CLAIR.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. On Friday last, by
a mistake, House bill No. 3*71, to grant a pen-
sion to Leonard St. Clair, was omitted to be
acted upon. I ask that it may now be taken
up and passed. It was omitted on Friday by
a mere mistake, not being marked on my
docket. I move now to take it up.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 371) to grant a
pension to Leonard St. Clair.
The Secretary of the Interior will be directed
by the bill to place the name of Leonard St.
Clair on the pension-rolls of the United States
as a pensioner, at tho rate of eight dollars per
month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. %
GOODRICH AND CORNISII.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideiation of House joint
resolution No. 77.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. It. No. 87) for
the relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan
Cornish, for carrying the United States mail
from Boise City to Idaho City, in the Territory
of Idaho. It proposes to authorize the Post-
master General to audit and settle, as to him
may appear just and equitable, the demand of
Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cornish for
carrying the United States mail on route No.
1G001, from Boise City to Idaho City, in the
Territory of Idaho, from tho 5th of July, 1864,
until the J st of July, 18(55. The Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads reported the
joint resolution with an amendment, to insert
at the end of it the following:
And also to audit and settle, in like manner, the
demand of Daniel Wellington and .1. C. Dor-ey, tor
extra services in canyiu^ the United States mails on
route Xo. 1-1602, between Carson Ci'y and Aurora, ill
the State of Nevada, from July 1,1362, to June30,1865.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a report accom-
panying the joint resolution from tho House
of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the reading of the report?
Mr. CONNESS. Perhaps it is best that
the Senate should hear it. It is a very short
report. However, if there is no demand for
its reading, I shall not insist upon it.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to have it read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the joint resolution for the relief
of Messrs. Goodrich k Cornish, report ns follows:
That dining the fiscal year 1864-65, Messrs. Good-
rich & Cornish, at the general request of the citi-
zens of Idaho, carried the United States mails be-
tween Boise City and Idaho City three times a week,
as appears from tho testimony of tho postmasters at
the places named, and that they have received no
compensation for said service; that inconsequence
of the discovery of new and attractive mines in that
Territory a large mining population had emigrated
there, who were entitled to mail facilities, for which
no provision had been made by the Government.
Therefore the committee recommend that the Post-
master General be authorized to audit and settlo the
c-iaiui¥ of Messrs. Goodrich & Cornish as to him may
seem just and equitable.
Mr. CLARK, I am a little sorry that the
committee have not reported something fur-
ther in regard to the facts in this case.
Mr. CONNESS. There are other papers
and letters from the Post Office Department
on the subject.
Mr. CLARK. I should like to have some
information as to the services rendered, and
what may be the amount required under the
joint resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. If the letters from the
Second Assistant Postmaster General accom-
panying the resolution are read they will give
that information.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know, of course,
what papers precisely the Senator refers to;
but perhaps it would be as well if the Senator
could give us tho information himself.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot at this moment
without examining these letters.
Mr. CLARK. Would it not be bettor to let
it lie over until some examination can be had?
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to
letting the joint resolution lie over until the
Senator can examine it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution before the Senate will be laid aside
by common consent.
: Air. CONNESS subsequently said: I ask
! the Senate now to resume the consideration
of House joint resolution No. 77, as I under-
stand there is no objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution, the question
being upon the amendment reported by the
Committee on Post Oflices and Post Roads to
i add to it the following words:
; And also to audit and settle, in like manner, the do-
I mand of Daniel Wellington and.T.C. Dorses', lor extra
| services in carrying the United States mail', on routo
| No. 14602, between ihejxnvns of Carson Citv and
! Aurora, in the State of Nevada, from July 1,1862, to
j Juno 30,1S65.
I Mr. HENDRICKS. I would inquire how
much is the amount of this claim.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
that after this amendmentis adopted, Ipropose
to limit the claim in both cases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if the
two cases stand on the same ground.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say that the last
claim has already been prfssed upon by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Iloads of
this body, and the Senate has passed a bill for
the relief of the parties, which is now lying in
the House of Representatives. We propose to
add it to this resolution and put both in one
measure. I propose, however, to limit both.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move to amend the
resolution by inserting after "1805" ?n liue
ten, the words, ''provided the amount to be
allowed shall not exceed S8.000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now offer the following
; amendment, to come in at the end of the res-
olution as amended:
Provided, That the amount to bo allowed shall not
exceed 420,000.
I will say that that is the amount provided
for in the bill for the relief of Wellington &
Dorsey which has already passed the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
j Senate as amended; the amendments were
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the resolution read a
third time. The resolution was read the third
time and passed. Its title was amended by
adding the words, "and of Daniel Wellington
and J. C. Dorsey for extra services in carrying
the mail."
SURVEYS OV UPPER MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 139.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 139) to provide for
surveys of the upper Mississippi and Minne-
sota rivers.
The bill as introduced by Mr. Ramsey pro-
posed to appropriate $20,000, or so much
thereof as may bo necessary, for the survey,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, of
the upper Mississippi river from or near the
falls of St. Anthony to the upper or Rock
Island rapids, with a view to ascertain the most
feasible means, by economizing tho water of
the stream, of insuring the passage at all navi-
