1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2707
gable seasons of boats drawing four feet of ,
water.
The second section proposed to appropriate •
S.:,000 for an examination and survey, under
the direction of the Secretary of V- ar, of the ;
Minnesota river fiom its month to the mouth ij
of the Yellow Medicine, in Older to aseeitain ;
the practicability and expense, by slack-water
navigation or otherwise, of scouring the eon-
tinned navigability of that stream during the
usual season of navigation.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out the second
section.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, the bill be-'
fore us provides for an examination and survey
of the .Minnesota and the upper Mississippi rivers j!
in order to ascertain the character of the ob- i|
struetions to their navigation, and the means j
adapted and expenses incident to their re-
rnoval. The examinations are proposed to be !:
made under the directiou of the Secretary of ]
War by engineers of the Topographical corps,
aided by the practical experience of river ex- j!
perts. They arc- to be made in accordance !
with a prudent custom, which requires a par- .
ticular examination and an estimate before !!
appropriating money for objects of improve- |i
inent. In this way desultory and inordinate
expenditures are avoided ; useless or frivolous ,!
projects are detected ; the merits of every prop-
osition are thoroughly investigated, and Con- n
gress is enabled to judge of the proportion j
between the cost of an improvement and its d
value. During the late war appropriations \
for the improvement of our great rivers and ;
harbors were in a large measure suspended.
That this economy, under the circumstances, ''
was justifiable and wise few, I presume, will i
venture to dispute. And in view of the present ,
condition of the Treasury all of us, Mr. Presi- ;;
dent, will admit the necessity of restricting i,
future expenditures in this direction to the
smallest sums commensurate with the impor-
tance of the objects sought to be attained. j
In regard to the impio\ emeut of the Minne-
sota river, for the survey of which the bill, as
oiiginally introduced, appropuates H 5,000. I
will nierelv remark that if the result of the ex- ;1
amination shall indicate that any very con- ij
siderable sum will be required to render the
river navigable at ail seasons, except when
obstructed with ice. 1 may not apply to the
national Treasurv for the money to make the
improvement; but as the stream, though per- ^
haps the most important tributary of the upper
Mississippi, flows almost entiielv within the ,
limits ot the State of Minnesota, I may ask
Congress to authorize Minnesota, to undertake
the improvement in such way as she may see ,
fit. either in her State capacity or by appeal to ,
private enterprise. For this reason. Mr. Pres-
ident, I hope that the amendment to the bill
which has been reported from the Committee
on Commerce maybe rejected, and that ray1,
honorable friend from Michigan, the chairman 11
of the committee, will not urge its adoption in •
consideration of the importance oi the exami-
nation, and the very moderate sum appropriated <;
to make it. [!
But, Mr. President, the bill further provides j;
an appropriation of S'dO.OOO for the survey of the ii
upper Mississippi river, from the Rock river i;
rap'ds to the head of navigation, a distance ,j
of some five hundred miles, in order to a,scer- i
tain some practical mode of makintr this por-
tion of the river navigable for boats drawing .
four feet in those cycles of low wa'er which i
occur with us at regular intervals, and seem to
be governed by certain and well-definedphy steal ,
laws. I hope that no Senator will be deterred
fiom approving this appropriation by any
apprehension that it will initiate a large and
uncertain expenditure; for I think that 1 shall
be able to show that the improvement which is
desired may be effected at a very moderate cost.
"What is wanted is a practical, sensible exami-
nation or survey—not a refined, scientific in-
vestigation of the regimen and hydraulics of (
the river, which might prove curious rather j
than tisefuL
If the Department to which this survey is
proposed to be intrusted will designate com-
petent officers who will be Milling to consult
practical and intelligent river men, I have no
doubt but that the survey can be completed in
a single season, and a feasible plan of improve-
ment recommended, which can be accomplished
with little expense.
The improvement of this great aitery of
commerce, Mr. President, is a national work.
When completed it will so increase facilities for
effecting commercial exchanges, and so reduce
the cost of transit of the great staple products
of the Northwest to the xVtlantie and the Gulf,
that no part of the country will lose by the
improvement, but all will gain. I therefore
ask the indulgence of the Senate while I pre-
sent a few considerations sufficient, in 1113'
opinion, to commend the improvement of the
upper Mississippi river to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress and of the country.
In doing this I propose to enter into no dis-
cussion of the constitutional authority of the
Government to make the improvement. I
assume that the possession of this authority, in
the broadest amplitude, has been most emphat-
ically settled by a series of acts which have
received the sanction of the people of the Uni-
ted States, and of every department of the
Federal Government: and that in the discus-
sions that have taken place in and out of Con-
gress upon the various provisions of the Con-
stitution under which the exercise of this
authority is claimed, and more especially upon
the intent and objects of the framcrs of the
Constitution in conferring on Congre-s the
power "to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the States," the argument
is exhausted.
If the practice of appropriating money from
the Treasury of the United States for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Missi-sippi
river and its tributaries is of more recem origin
than the practice of appropriating money from
the same source to reiidei navigation sate and
ea.iy 011 the Atlantic coast, it is readily an-
swered, that in the earlier days of the Govern-
ment but a very inconsiderable portion of the
population of the United States had passed the
Alleghany mountains; that steam had not then
concjuercd a current too rapid for ascending
navigation ; that by the treaty of San Lorenzo
el Real, in 1795, the southern boundary of the
United States was fixed at the thirty-first degree
of latitude north of the equator, and the west-
ern boundary in the middle of the channel or
bed of the Mississippi river from the northern
boundary of the States to the thirty-first degree
of north'latitude ; that thus the greater part of
the valley of the Mississippi belonged to Spam,
who claimed the exclusive right to navigate
the river south of the thirty-first parallel, and
a right in common with us to the residue ; and
that, although by the treaty of Paris, of the
30th of Apnl. lbGo. Xapoleon ceih d to the
United States the colony or province of Loui-
siana, with the same limits that it had in the
hands of Spain, when it was ceded by that
Power to France, by the treaty of St. Ildefonso,
of the 1st of Octoocr. 1800, conflicting claims
and pretensions to portions of the 1 erritorv
were not definitely adjusted until the Adminis-
tration of Mr. Monroe, when the boundary 1'iie
I between Spain and the United Stares, west of
the Mississippi, was fixed with precision bvan
article of the same treaty, in virtue of which
- the Floridas were acquired.
i Provision for the improvement of the sea-
1 board was made in one of the earliest acts of
the first Congress, under the present Consti-
tution of the United States, entitled "An act
for the establishment of figm-houses. buoys,
beacons, and public piers," approved by Presi-
I dent Washington on the 7th of August. 11 SO.
i Similar laws were enacted on tlie2-d oi* July,
i 1790. oil the 3d of March. 1,;>1, on tne Jd ot
I March, 1703, on the 2d of March. 1795, 0:1
| the SOth of May. 1796 : and sineethen. with
, a few special exceptions. prov -re! 1 or lno same
purpose has been made in The generej appro-
priation laws. The history of this legislation
is thus summed up by President Jackson in
his message of December. ISdO:
"The practice of defraying out of the Treasury of
the United States the expci -rg incurred by the e-t:ib-
h-hnienf find support of hght-hou^cs, beacon?, buoys,
ar.d pablie piers, withm the buys, inlets, and har-
bois, and ports of the United Scutes, to render the
inivi^ation thereof s.ife nnd oa'y. is eocval with the
adoption of the Cons litnr ion, r, ud h.ts been continued
without interruption or dispute.''
That the power under which these expenses
have been and are being incurred is as appli-
cable to the Mississippi river as to the Atlantic
coast, and is as full and perfect in reference to
one os the other, is attested by tSie general
course of legislation upon the subjet^. The
earliest appropiialion for the improvement of
the navigation of the Mississippi river is to be
found in an act of Congress, approved 2-lth
May, 1824. Since then Congress has at vari-
ous times made appropriations for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi, Ohio, Missouri, Ar-
kansas, and Red rivers, amounting in the
aggregate to $3,703,800. The latest legisla-
, tion in the premises was in 1855, when appro-
j1 priations were made for continuing the ira-
provement of the Des Moines rapids and for
I removing obstructions in the month of the
river, by a two-thirds vote of both Houses of
Congress, over the vetoes of President Pierce.
Even those theorists who have admitted with
the greatest reluctance any degree of authority
in Congress to make v. hat are commonly called
internal improvements, have time and again
conceded the constitutionality of such improve-
ments as may follow the examination and sur-
vey proposed in the bill before us. At a con-
vention assembled in the city of Mem;,his. on
the 12th of November. 1S15. Mr. Calhoun, in
j, considering how far the aid of the General
'' Government could be invoked for purposes of
internal improvement, said:
" As to the linrroveumnt of the --r-P pv of tne Missis-
sippi—wind, then. c f; the : : rf Giveinment do?
'i 1C invention of Pillion hes, ;: I -y: .\ be rSlowecUho
cxnre^s'on, turned the -sippi ny?r andits tribu-
taries into an inland se(a. of 0sue] iinnorianco in its
' navigation with the Chesapeake and Delaware bay.
, j t i -, therefore, a matter peculiarly within the juris-
: diction of the Federal Government, and deserving
in the highest decree ot i'S police end protection.
This is not a 111:1 iter to he icf; io uidi\ideal States,
It is one of hiah nation:!! imooi 1.0rice. Yi7e may'
safely lay down as a 1 ede, that v-!:::' vr- can le done
by individuals they oeeht to ee/toiiinh.-h : whatever
i>~ r,c'cui,.u!y witlnn the piovinre pf they
should oncer: and whati verb-es-en'ndi:' within tne
control of t!le General 'lovcrnni^iO. it-ho^'d accom-
pi'sh. I believe the tree and eiiintcpuntcd naviga-
tion of there iiiliuid seas ' -:■> - orS : - v: r' n lho
peculiar province 011lie Gencial Gorem-mint.''
Again, the national iittpoi tauer ' i the im-
provement cd the Mississippi l-iver is c.scr.sced
with great ability in an elaborate report made
to the Senate by Mr. Calhoun en tho 2>.':h of
June. 1M0. from the select committee to whom
the resolutions and memorial oi the sicmpuis
convention were referred. ihough v. 3 may
' reject many of the conclusions of this report,
end deem manv of the distinctions taken to be
unsound and delusive, we will not dissent from
the unanimous opinion of tL 0 coammtce that
Congress has the power, under the Ceust'.iu-
tion. to improve the na\ >gauon of the 5Itssis-
sinpi river; and that it is elec-r.y embraced 1x1
the power to regulate commerce ter.n:g me
States.
' Xow, Mr. President, lirving rcgai d to relative
population ; to the respemh c anio.nt an 1 value
of commerce, toimauc, and i.avigat.ra : cr to
the general propo-dtu-u lie.t the internal ii.vac
of all nations gieatly °xcceds the or cxtr: r. d, I
hold it to be undeniable that the appr vriadons
h.TC'ofore msdc for the improvement of the
Mississippi and it? waters have r. t b:en m a
just and fair prop0;'.ion to tuoso tor improve-
ment? on the Atlannc const. V, ithetu goui^
into any minute caiC'ilno en. it may bo safeiy
asserted that theexp'-u iituresfor the one ha\ G
vcrv manv times one "led those for the ot.ier.
Tothese expend!".ires upon cireastern frontier
I certainly inter].esc no objection^ On tl e
contrary. I approve- of thorn ail,. eCiievmg, tne
objects to bo eeeeral. not local: national; noi
F_Vo-.:.i. 1 advocate Jio narrow, cnniiactea,
or s.-hish system of legislation : bur I 00 c.. t.a
that while vast euiss have beea appropriated
