1866.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
8667
if ho can show that ho has not. received ade-
quate remuneration during the fourteen. Mr.
Hyatt has had his seven years' extension,
and everybody admits that during the last
seven years he has been receiving ample remu-
neration ; everybody knows il. How could
you walk the streets of a city without seeing
this in use everywhere, and that it is very val-
uable?
Now,,sir, there is something a little singular
about tliis bill. I do not see that there is any
evidence in the case whatever. We have no
written report, in the first place. In old times,
when I belonged to the Committee on Patents,
it would be considered that the renewal of a
patent for seven years, especially one impor-
tant to the public, was a matter to be set forth
at length. The committee were to investigate
them ; they were on their responsibility to state
the case, to state what the invention cost, what
its nature was, what its charactcr was with
regard to expenditure, and what had been re-
ceived ; to examine and satisfy themselves upon
evidence. But instead of having any report
from the committee we have one or two gen-
tlemen who tell us their conclusions, bottomed
entirely on the printed statement of Mr. Hyatt
himself. Because the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has confidence in Mr. Hyatt's state-
ment which he has written and printed, there-
fore we should seriously affect the rights of the
whole public in this valuable invention, neces-
sary now to the use of people in cities, sim-
ply upon the statement of the party himself,
after he has had his twenty-one years and after
his last seven have been so highly remunera-
tive and productive as they must necessarily
have been, and are admitted to have been!
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator will
allow me to ask him what other statement he
would have as to a man's status in a case of
this kind except his own production of his own
account.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does he produce testi-
mony showing how much it cost him from
those who are acquainted with liim ? He has
not done everything with his own hand. He
can tell us how much one of these lights cost
him, and what his charge was; he can show
his books; lie can present something besides
the printed paper he sends here to Congress
to which he signs his name, and that not under
oath. Does lie expect on that alone to get a
valuable patent, affecting the interests of so
many people of the United States renewed,
giving him the exclusive privilege for another
seven years'? I think it is unsafe and unwise
to do it, and for that reason T am opposed to
it throughout,.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Saturday.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we can get a vote
on this bill, and I hope my colleague will give
way.
Mr. WILSON. Jf the matteris to be further
debated, I will not give way.
Mr. BROWN. It certainly will be.
The PRESIDENT joro tempore. The unfin-
ished business can bo laid aside by unanimous
consent or postponed by a vote.
Mr. WILSON. I will consent to allow a
very few minutes further if we can take a
vote.
Mr. BROWN. I object to limiting discus-
sion upon the bill by any such agreement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
then be done by a vote. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts move to postpone the spe-
cial order?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot agree to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I would give way, but I un-
derstand the matteris to be debated. I under-
stand the Senator from Indiana proposes to
debate it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to say a
word or two, but if a vote can be had I will not
occupy any time.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will wait a few min-
utes.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order can be laid aside by unanimous con-
sent; but objection is made, and it requires,
therefore, a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the regular
order be laid aside informally to proceed with
this bill.
Mr. CLARK. It cannot be laid aside in-
formally when there is objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I move, then, that it be laid
aside in order to proceed with the pending
question.
Mr. BROAVN. I am not disposed to press
my ^disposition to debate this question if the
Senate will come to a vote, and let us have the
vote by yeas and nays upon it. I am willing
it should be taken.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. POMEROY. Very
well. Let us have the vote by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the further consideration of the bill be-
fore the Senate be postponed for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 suppose the motion can-
not be put in that form; but I think it can be
done by unanimous consent if a vote is to be
taken on Mr. Hyatt's bill.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be done informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection? No objection being made, the
special order is laid over, and Senate bill No.
GG7 is now before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to say
something upon this bill, but Senators desire
a vote and I yield the floor.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading and was read the third time.
Mr. BRO\VN. On the passage of the bill I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Guthrie, Harris,
Hendricks, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Nor-
ton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprasuc, Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Conness, Davis, Fes-
senden, Foster Grimes, Henderson, Howe, Johnson,
Nesmith, Trumbull, and Willey—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Cresivell. Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Kirkwood,
Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morrill, Wright, and
Yates-13.
So the bill was passed.
MILITARY PEACE ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I now call up the special
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is now before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. The bill for the construction
of a ship-canal around the falls of Niagara has
been lying here some time owing to the neces-
sary absence of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Morrill.] To-day he appears in the Senate ;
and if the Senator from Massachusetts, who
has the right to the floor, would assent to it, I
should be glad to take up that bill.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator hardly
ought to ask mc to give this bill up. It comes
up in its order, and 1 am anxious to act upon
it. I think we can act upon it in a very short
time. The Senator knows I would give way
to him if I could.
Mr. IIOWE. I shall not submit a motion.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whoie,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
401) to increase and fix the military peace es-
tablishment of the United States, which had
been reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia with various arnend-
monts.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia was
in line four of section one, to strike out
"six" before "regiments of cavalry" and in-
sert "twelve;" so as to make the section read:
That the military peace establishment of the Uni-
ted States shall hereafter consist of tivo regiments of
artillery, twelve regiments of eavahy, forty-five regi-
ments of infantry, the professors and corps ot cadets
of the United States Military Academy, and such
other forces as shall be provided for by this act, to be
known as the Army of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all
of the third section after the enacting clause,
in the following words :
That the six regiments of cavalry provided for by
this act shall consist of the six regiments now in
service, each of which in addition to its present or-
ganization shall have one veterinary surgeon, whose
compensation shall be §100 per month. The grade of
company commissary sergeant of cavalry is hereby
abolished andcavalry regiments shall hereafter have
but one hospital steward, and the adjutants, quarter-
masters, and commissaries shall be extra lieutenants
selected from the first or second lieutenants of the
regiment.
And in lieu thereof, to insert:
That to the six regiments of cavalry now in service
there shall be added sixregiments, twoof which shall
be composed of colored men, having the same organ-
ization as is now provide<j by law for cavalry regi-
ments, with the addition of one veterinary surgeon
to each regiment, whose compensation shall be $100
per month, but the grade of company commissary
sergeant ofcavalryis herebyabolished. The original
vacancies in the grade of first and second lieutenant
and two thirds of the original vacancies in each of
the grades above thatof first lieutenant shall be filled
by selection from among the officers and soldiers of
volunteer cavalry, and one third Iroin officers of the
regular Army, all of whom shall have served two
years in the field during the war, and have been dis-
tinguished for capacity and good conduct; lourofthe
companies from each regiment maybe armed and
drilled as infantry at the discretion ofthe President,
and each cavalry regiment shall hereafter have but
one hospital steward, and the regimental adjutants,
quartermasters, and commissaries shall hereafter be
extra lieutenants selected from the first orsecondlieu-
ienants of the regiment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. The amendment
proposes to have regiments of negroes, other-
wise called "colored cavalry." Where is the
necessity for that? Cannot white men be found
to enter into your Army and compose your
regiments of cavalry and infantry? Are there
not hundreds of thousands of white men in this
country who have for the last three or four
years been engaged as soldiers in the Army,
some of them as members of cavalry regiments,
seeking employment every day? Time and
again, since the commencement of this Con-
gress, I have had white men who have been
employed in the Army come to me begging
me to look for employment for them, even as
laborers, to do the hardest kind of work, that
they might get bread and clothing. Do you
suppose if the opportunity was given to those
men to enter into the Army again that they
would not prefer doing so to being starved or
being kept out of employment? There are
hundreds and thousands of white men who
have been engaged in your Army who would
gladly accept the place of soldiers in the reg-
ular Army. I presume there can be no doubt,
if it was known generally to the men who have
been soldiers that there would be an opportu-
nity for them to enlist in the Army under this
bill, they would do so. If enlistment offices
were opened throughout the United States
plenty of such men would be found. It may
be said there are offices open now. It may be
so in some localities, but it is not so all over
the United States. I undertake to say that in
my own State a regiment of white soldiers can
be found who would gladly enter the Army, men
out of employment, men seeking employment.
If it be true, and I assume it to be true, that
it is perfectly within your power to till up every
regiment in your Army with white soldiers,
where is the necessity of saying in this bill that
so many regiments shall be composed of negro
soldiers? Are they better soldiers? Ilavcthey
manifested more valor on the field of battle
than white soldiers? Would they carry your
standard aloft more proudly and gallantly than
your white soldiers ? If not, where is the neces-
sity for saying positively in this bill that so
many regiments shall be composed of these
negro soldiers?
Mr. President, if the object of Congress is,
and certainly it should be, to restore kind feel-
ings and friendly relations between the differ-
ent sections of the country, they should do
nothing which in itself is calculated to aggra-
vate feelings already excited or to arouse feel-
