1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
authority ? I offer it to you. It is an early-
Dictionary of James Otis, Samuel Adams, Pat-
rick Henry, and Benjamin Franklin. It is in
the Lexicon of the Revolution. It is in the
Thesaurus of our national history. It is in the
Collection of Public Acts. This new idea was
the great discovery of our fathers. Rob them
of this, and you take from them their highest
title to gratitude. Columbus, venturing into an
unknown sea, discovered a New World of space;
but our fathers, venturing likewise, discovered
a New World of public duty. Itis for us, their
children, not to forget their discovery.
RECENT FRENCH DEFINITIONS.
After our own country, there is one other only
which can help in determining what is a Repub-
lican form of government, and this is France.
There, as in the United States, a Republic has
■ been declared. If in the former country it
failed to be maintained ; still the generous ef-
fort has been made, and we have its testimony.
This is explicit. As the Provisional Govern-
ment in 18-18 proclaimed the Republic, it was
careful, after proper deliberation to proclaim
at the same time "universal suffrage," which
Lamartine, standing on the steps of the Hotel
de Ville, and speaking in the name of the gov-
ernment, said was "the first truth and only
basis of every National Republic." (Gamier
Pag&, HistoiredelaRevolution, torn, i, p. 328.)
The proclamation of the Republic was itself
submitted to the vote of "all the citizens;"
and on the terms of this submission another
member of the Government, of solid sense and
perfect fidelity, thus expresses himself:
"By these words—all the citizens—the Provisional
(Jovernment'intended to consecrate definitively the
. fundamental principle of democracy; it intended to
proclaim openly and forever the inalienable, impre-
scriptible right, inherent in each member of society,
to participate directly in the government of his coun-
try; it intended to put in practice effectually and
loyally the great principles until then shut up in the
domain of the abstract thcoriesof philosophy."—Ibid,
torn, v, p. 348,
The same person, M. Garnier Pag6s, who was
at once an eminent actor in these scenes and
their most authentic historian, thus again dwells
on the true idea of a Republic:
" The Republic, that government of all by all where
each has his pi ace, his duty, and his right; theRepub-
lic, that is Liberty itself, the libprty to do every act
and to put forth every thought not injurious to an-
other; the Republic, that fraternal ground whereare
admitted all parties, the representatives of the past
as well as those of t he future, where every intelli-
gence, and every association can develop its author-
ity."—Ibid, torn, vii, p. 407.
To this authentic testimony of modern France,
in harmony with our own country, I add the
definition of a very recent foreign publicist,
who, after dwelling on Equality as the idol sen-
timent of a Republic, says:
"This shows us the nature and the end of repub-
lican government. It is a Government founded on the
general interests and equality."—Block, Dictionnaire
ae la Politique, article, Itepublique.
Admirable words! in themselves adefinition.
And here, before closing this testimony, let me
call attention to two authorities, contemporary
with our fathers, which stand apart, one Eng-
lish and the other German. The first is that of
Dr. Richard Price, the friend of John Adams.,
who very early appreciated the American Revo-
lution, and vindicated it, before the world. Here
is his idea of good government, compendiously
expressed:
" Legitimate government consists only in tho domin-
ion of Equal Laws made with common consent, and not
ill the dominion of any man over other men."—J.
Adams's Works, vol. iv, p. 401.
The German was none other than that great
thinker, Emanuel Kant,who, in his speculations
011 Perpetual Peace, says, that to this end every
State should be a Republic, which he defines
as follows:
" That form of government where every citizen par-
ticipates by his representative in the exercise of the
legislative power, and especially in that of deciding
on the questions of peace and war."—Wheaton, His-
tory of Law of Sations, p. 751.
The statement of Kant is as simple as Pure
Reason, which is the title of his great work.
It claims plainly for "every citizen" a share in
the Government: and such is the definition fur-
nished by this eminent philosopher, whose i
name, rarely quoted in politics, is an unim-
peachable authority.
REBEL STATES ARE NOT REPUBLICAN GOVERN-
MENTS.
Such is the definition of a Republican form
of government. It remains now that we should
bring these lapsed States to this standard, and
see their small title to recognition. Authentic
figures are not wanting. The census of 1860
discloses the population of the States in ques-
tion. Here is the table:
States.
White pop-
ulation.
Colored popula-
tion, slave and
free, including
Indians.
Alabama 
Arkansas 
Georgia 
Louisiana 
Mississippi 
North Carolina 
South Carolina 
Tennessee 
526,271
324,243
77,747
591,550
357,456
353,901
629,942
291,300
826,722
420,891
1,047,299
436,930
111,307
62,677
465,736
350,546
437,404
362,680
412,408
283,079
183,324
549,019
Virginia 
5,447,222 j 3,666,110
A glance at this table is enough. Taking the
sum total of the population in the eleven States,
we'find 5,447,222 whites to 3,606,110 colored
persons ; and you are now to decide, whether
in the discharge of your duties under the Con-
stitution, and bound to guaranty a Republican
form of government, you will disfranchise this
mighty mass, shutting them out from those
Equal Rights promised by our fathers, and from
all voice in the government of their country.
They surpass in numbers, by at least a million,
the whole population of the colonies at the time
our fathers raised the cry, "Taxation without
Representation is Tyranny;" and now you are
to decide whether you will strip them of rep-
resentation while you subject them to a grind-
ing taxation by tariff and excise, acting directly
and indirectly, which dwarfs into insignificance
everything attempted by the British Parliament.
Our fathers could not bear a stamp act, in the
making of which they had no voice, and they
went forth to battle with the most formidable
Power of the globe, rather than pay a tax of
threepence on tea imposed by a Parliament
in which they were not represented. Are you
ready, sir, in disregard of this great precedent,
and in disregard also of all the promises and
examples of our past history, to thrust a single
citizen out of all representation in the Govern-
ment, while you consume his substance with
taxation, subject him to stamp acts, compel him
to pay a duty of twenty-five cents a pound on
tea, and then follow him with your imposts in
all the business of life ? Clearly if you do not
recognize his title to representation, you must
at least by careful legislation relieve him from
this intolerable taxation. Some of these mil-
lions, whom you thrust out, already contribute
largely to the public revenue. How, then, can
you deny them representation ? Their money
is not rejected. Why reject their votes? But
if you reject their votes, you cannot take their
money. As you can detect no color in their
money, you ought to detect no color in their
votes.
If looking at these States together the duty
of Congress seems clear, it becomes clearer
even when we look at them separately. Begin
with Tennessee, which disfranchises 283,079
citizens, being more than a quarter of its whole
"people." Thus violating a distinctive prin-
ciple of republican government, how can this
State be recognized as republican? This ques-
tion is easier asked than answered. But Ten-
nessee is the least offensive 011 the list. There
is Virginia, which disfranchises 549,019 citizens,
being more than a third of its whole "people."
There is Alabama, which disfranchises 48fi,030
citizens, being nearly one half of its whole
"people." There is Louisiana, which disfran-
chises 350,540 citizens, being one half of its
whole " people." There is Mississippi, which
disfranchiscs437,404 citizens, being much more
than one half of its whole "people," : And
there is South Carolina, which disfranchises
412,408 citizens, being nearly two thirds of- its
whole "people," A Republic is a pyramid
standing on the broad mass of the people as a
base; but here is a pyramid balanced on its
point. To call such a government. " repub-
lican" is a mockery of sense and decency. A
monarch, "surrounded by republican institu-
tions," which at one time was the boast of
France, would be less offensive to correct prin-
ciples, and give more security to Human Bights.
It is not difficult to classify these States,
They are aristocracies or oligarchies. An ar-
istocracy, according to the etymology of the
word, is the government of the best. An oli-
garchy is the government of the few, and is not
even an aristocracy, but an abuse of aristocracy,
as despotism is the abuse of monarchy. Per-
haps these States may be characterized in either
way; and yet the term aristocracy, especially
in its origin, has something respectable which
cannot be attributed to a combination, whose
single distinctive element is the color of the
skin.
The eminent publicist, Bodin, in his defini-
tion of an aristocracy, says that it exists where
a smaller body of citizens governs the greater,
and this definition has been adopted by others,
especially by Montesquieu. But this is not sat-
isfactory. Hallam, whose judgment is of the
highest value, after discussing the merits of this
definition, proposes the following most sug-
gestive substitute:
"Wo might better say, that the distinguishing char-
acteristic of an aristocracy is the enjoyment of privi-
leges which arc not communicable to other citizen* sim-
ply by anything they can themselves do to obtain them.'*
—Ha Ham's Literature of Europe, vol. ii, cap. 4, sec. 52.
These words completely characterize the aris-
tocracy of color; for such an aristocracy is
plainly in the enjoyment of privileges, which
are not communicable to other citizens, by any-
thing they can themselves do to obtain them.
To show that our rebel States are aristocra-
cies or oligarchies is enough for the present
occasion. But we must not forget that, born
of Slavery, they have the spirit of that iniquity,
so that they are essentially of a low type.
Founded on the color of the skin, they are,
beyond all question, tho most senseless and dis-
gusting of all history. Would you know to what
they might inclineV Listen to the frank words
of the greatest Venetian writer, the famous
Father Paul, while he counsels the privileged
class, in a state refined by art and elevated by
glory, how to use their powers. "If a noble,"
says he, " injure a plebeian, justify him by all
possible means ; but should that be found quite
impossible, punish more in appearance than in
reality. If a plebeian insult a noble, punish him
with the greatest severity, that the commonalty
may know how perilous it is to insult a noble."
(Sarpi, Opinione per il perpetuo Dominio di
Venezia, p. 13.) Such is the terrible rule laid
down in a document, which taught how to make
the power of Venice perpetual. But this same
spirit predominates still in the rebel States. It
rages there with more revolting cruelty than it
ever raged in Venice. And such is the govern-
ment which now claims recognition as " repub-
lican."
The pretension thus organized is hateful on
another ground. It is nothing less than a Caste,
which is at once irreligious and unrepublican.
A Caste cannot exist except in defiance of the
first principles of Christianity and the first prin-
ciples of a Republic. It is Heathenism in reli-
gion and tyranny in government. The Brahmins
and the Sudras in India, from generation to
generation, have been separated, as the two
races are now separated in these States. If a
Sudra presumed to sit on a Brahmin's carpet
he was punished with banishment. But our
recent rebels undertake to play the part of
Brambins, and exclude citizens, with better title
than themselves, from essential rights, simply
on the ground of Caste, which, according to its
Portuguese origin, casta, is only another term
for race.
But this pretension is in yet. other respects
hostile to good government. It is essentially
