1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
and his brother performed the duties, -without
appointment or qualification, and received the
compensation of clerk.
The law requires the board to meet "at the
place designated for holding the poll of said
election,'' bat no place for holding this election
had as yet been designated, and no notice had
been given to the electors of the district of the
place where the board of registry would meet.
They selected their own place of meeting, but
gave no notice to the electors of where they
might be heard. They met at the liquor store,
of James Thompson, the place subsequently
designated, on the 3d of November, after their
meetings had been by law closed, as the place
for holding the election. At their meeting on
the first day, no further business was done ex-
cept the organization of the board. Dougherty
then left, and was not present at :my further
meetings of the board. Hall came the, next
day, and remained till ten o'clock, and then
left till four.
lie was an employe of the custom-house, and
left at the hour he was called to the discharge 1
of the duties there, ten o clock, and did not
return till four, when he returned, spending
several hours in-the evening. He did the same
on the third day, though the law allowed but
two days for this meeting. Cowen, the remain-
ing" register, was sometimes present when Hall
was there, and sometimes not; he also left on
several occasions in Hall's absence, thus leav-
ing the entire duty of the board to be discharged
by the self-constituted clerk, Andrew Brady.
The names weie entered upon the registry;
some taken from the poll-book ofthe old twelfth
- district, others, to the number of two hundred
or more, were taken from time to time by James
Thompson, the keeper ofthe liquor store, and
',y him entered upon an old account book as
persona called at his store. This list of names
upon the account book was furnished by him
<.0 the registers, and the names transcribed by
Brady upon the registry ; others were entered,
;omc by Hall when alone, some by Cowen when
-lone, and some by Brady, in the absence of
loth. and some by Thompson, the keeper of
•he shop.
Persons came into the liquor shop, and, in
ihe absence of the board, entered their own and
such other names as they pleased upon the
registry. One of the registers accused this
Brady of entering names purposely with wrong
residences, and otherwise erroneously. In this
manner was made up what was called and used
as the registry of voters at this precinct. From
the evidence it appeared that scarcely a quar-
ter of those whose names were upon this regis-
ter appeared personally before the board, and
very few of the names entered upon the regis-
try were entered in the presence or by order
of more than one of the so-called registers.
Mr. MAltSIIALL. I ask a question ofthe
chairman of the Committee of Elections, in
order to see what position he has taken. He
has stated two points which I confess are facts in
thisease. Thatat the time the registers first met.
no place had b«en designated, and also that the
proper authorities, in appointing inspectors and
registers, named gentlemen who did not reside
in the election district; a portion or all of them.
I a-k to know whether the chairman of the com-
mittee takes the position that that disfranchises
the electors of the district and deprives them
of the right to be heard ou the question of elect-
ing a member of Congress. I want to know
whether he takes the position it has that legal
effect.
Mr. DAWES. If I ever get to the end of
what 1 propose to say 1 will endeavor to an-
swer that interrogatory. I would consider I
had made but poor work if I had not foreseen
and provided for that objection. I do not
refer to it now because it will come in better
hereafter. It is a pertinent inquiry, and I will
endeavor to answer it hereafter.
Mr. MARSHALL. It seems to me only fail-
thai the matter sho-.ild be set right in thi-j con-
nection. It should be understood by the House
that none of these registers were under the
control of Mr. Brooks or his friends, but that
on the contrary, the inspectors and registers,
as well as the clerk who has been designated
as a-self-constituted clerk, whereas the proof
shows to the contrary, were, a majority of them,
the partisans of Mr. Dodge.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman must not use
up my time, as I need my whole hour; and I
hope the House, if I do not abuse their patience,
will give me more time if I need it. I do not
intend to abuse their patience if I can help it,
by allowing other speeches to be made in my
time.
If I recollect rightly, when interrupted by
the gentleman from Illinois, I was gathering
together the facts touching this precinct, and
giving the conclusions of the committee on
those facts. I was stating the manner in which
this registry was made up and the view the
committee took of it. _ They had the opinion,
Mr. Speaker, that this board was a judicial
board because the law requires them to pass
as judges upon the qualifications of the voter;
and they were further of the opinion that it
required at least two of this board to pass upon
any judicial question referred to them.
It is the opinion of many good lawyers that
in the absence of any provision to the contrary
there must be a concurrence of all in order to
pass upon any judicial question submitted to
them, though a majority of the court perhaps
can give the judgment. I do not think it is
necessary for us to decide the question whether
it requires all three or a majority of this court,
for at no time when it attempted to pass upon
the qualifications of a voter in this precinct was
there ever a majority of the court so consti-
tuted that it could pass upon the question of
qualification except as to those names that were
transcribed from the old registry in th'o twelfth
district. The whole affair, with the exception
of that, wos made up without the judicial sanc-
tion of even two of those men. This was the
registry to guide the inspectors of election, con-
taining a list of names having upon its face the
sanction of this board. It contained the names
of men without giving the name and number of
the street, with nothing to show that they were
voters qualified to cast their votes on that day,
That list was handed over to the board of in-
spectors of election with directions to take it
as evidence of who were legal voters in that
district. More than half, nearly three fourths,
of the names placed on the list were there in
mockery ofthe provisions of the law of the State
of New York, enacted for the purpose of se
curing to the honest voter, and to him alone
the exercise of this franchise.
What, Mr. Speaker, would be the natural
tendency and effect of this? Everybody can
see that it alforded facility for fraudulent vot-
ing to any extent. There was no limit to fraud
save the capacity and inclination of the keeper
of this shop, who furnished all the names from
his own account book, and of the self-consti-
tuted clerk of election, who testified that he
inserted the names, and of those who came in
the absence of all these parties and inserted
their own names, as well as the names of such,
friends as they desired to register. Therefore
it. was the opinion of the committee that a regis-
try thus made up was no registry ; in the first
place, because the board of registry was an
illegal board.
And here I propose to answer a question of my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Marshall.]
The law is express that the registers shall be
residents of the district. That is not disputed.
It is an essential provision of the law. No
man cart for a moment look at the machinery
of the law and doubt the fact that to take men
who are strangers in a district like this and
require of them the discharge of this duty is
the most idle mockery in the world. And if
any security can come from the employment
of men who are residents and voters in the dis-
trict it comes from the fact of their familiarity
with the district and its voters, coupled with
their own personal integrity.
It may be said, and it is sometimes said, that
a man may be an officer defacto, and that hia
acts may be lawful as to a third person. And
the question is raised here by the minority of
the committee that these were officers(fc facto.
Now, without undertaking to define the cxact
line between officers de facto and officers de
jure binding on third persons, and without un-
dertaking to define exactly that other ques-
tion raised in this case by our friends on the
minority, that these are also directory provis-
ions of the statute and not mandatory, merely
advisatory directions involving no illegality in
their non-performance, I wish to state that the
law, it seems to me, had an end in view which
was defeated, as I have already said, by a dis-
regard of this provision. And therefore I do
not consider that it can be a directory provis-
ion as is termed by lawyers in that sense that
it may be departed from without vitiating the
proceeding.
Officers de facto are those who act under
coloy of an appointment, who are otherwise
competent to act, but have some defect in their
appointment. Bu| a man who by statute is in-
competent to act cannot be any more an offi-
cer de facto than an officer dejure. If a man
fails, for instance, to take his oath, there is a
defect in his appointment, but he may dis-
charge his constitutional duties, and as to third
persons they maybe valid notwithstanding this
defect. There may be some other defect; but
when the law deelaies that a man cannot be
that officer, cannot perform those duties, then
if he walks into the office, he is a usurper, and
no form of appointment can make him any
more an officer da facto than an officer dejure.
Now, sir, what was the effect of undertaking
to open the poll at this election with this regis-
try as the guide? The natural tendency, as I
have already stated, was to allow every man to
vote whose name was on the poll-list. The poll-
list at the close contained no presumption of
its honesty arising from the fact that it corre-
sponded with the registry, because the registry
of itsel f, as made up, was a fraud upon the law.
Therefore the poll taken as the product of the
result of a registry made up in conflict with
and fraud of the law can have no presumption
that it is a legal poll.
But, sir, not only the natural tendency of this
thing is to a fraudulent vote, but the evidence
in the case must, it seems to me, demonstrate
to every man that the result was to put into
those ballot-boxes a large preponderance of
illegal votes from some quarter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me a single question?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I \rish to ask the gentle-
man if, in consequence of this mistake about
this registry, he comes merely to the conclu-
sion that it is no evidence of the right to vote
of any person; if that is all the conclusion he
arrives at ?
Mr. DAWES. That is all. I ought to have
made that more clear.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There may have been
' many legal votes cast, but this registry is not
evidence of it.
Mr. DAWES. I am obliged to the gentle-
man for the suggestion.
Mr. SPALD1XG. I desire to ask this ques-
tion : supposing the registrars were disquali-
fied sunder the laws of Ne-.v York, and there
were legal votes put in through their agency,
would yon cast away those votes?
Mr. DAWES. Not a solitary one. and I
will try to show that I have never, I trust, been
guilty of such a violation of the ballot-box
heretofore, and I hope I shall not be on this
occasion.
Mr. Speaker, in saying that a registry thus
made«p in fraud could carry no presumption
that a ballot put into the box under and in
conformity with it, was a legal ballot, I ought
to have said further, that the registry itself is
made no evidence at all, from the fact that it
is shown to have been made in fraud. That
leaves the poll, then, without any legal registry.
But .as was well intimated in the interrogatory
