684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
a Monopoly in a country which sets its face
against all monopolies as unequal and immoral.
If any monopoly deserves unhesitating judg-
ment it must be that which absorbs the rights
of others and engrosses political power. How
vain it is to condemn the petty monopolies of
commerce and then allow this vast, all-embra-
cing monopoly of Human Eights.
Clearly, most clearly, and beyond all ques-
tion, such a government cannot be considered
"republican in form." Gall it an Oligarchy,
call it an Aristocracy, call it a Caste, call it a
Monopoly; but do not call it a Republic.
DUTY OP CONGRESS.
Of course such a government can exist only
in defiance of the Constitution, and it is the
duty of Congress to interfere against it. Pres-
ident Johnson, in his annual message, says:
"In ease of the usurpation of the government of a
State by one man or an Oligarchy, itbecomes theduty
of the United Stales to make good the guarantee to
that State of a Republican foim of government."
The -President forgets to mention an Aris-
tocracy, and does not add, what is true, that
the authority which must make good the guar-
antee is the sole judge of the exigency. To this
end everything centcrs in Congress whose pow-
ers are commensurate with the occasion. In
aid of the "guarantee" clause are those other
words in the Constitution, providing that Con-
gress "shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution the powers vested in the
Government of the [fnited States." Under
this ample provision there is a duty to be per-
formed, by any means which may seem best.
The jurisdiction is complete and it is in Con-
gress. If any authority lor this proposition were
needed it would be found in the words of Chief
Justice Taney, speaking for the Supreme Court
of the United States:
"The fourth section of the fourth art ielo of the Con-
stitution of the United States provides that the Uni-
ted States fchatl guaranty to cveiy State in the Union
a republican form of government, and shall protect
each of them against invasion; and. on the applica-
tion of the Legislature or of the Executive (when the
Legislature cannot be convened} against domestic
violence.
"Under llii* article 'if the Constitution, it rents irith
ContjrcsH to dee.lde, what aovernmrnt >--? thr cst'ihlinhed one
in o Stole. For, ax the United State* Guaranty to each
State a Llepublican gorcrnmcnt, ('onpreii civ:/ neoi-
sarily decide what tiovcrnment ii eatahlndied m the
titate before it /'an determine whether it i>: Republican
or nol."--'i Howard liep. 12, Luther vs. Borden.
In the exercise of this power two courses at
least are open. One is to impose an irrepeal-
able condition upon the. unrepublican States,
requiring them, before recognition, to reform
their governments to the satisfaction of Con-
gress. The other, and more direct course, is
by Act of Congress, in performance of the
"guarantee," and according to 1he plenary au-
thority " for carrying into execution the powers
vested in the Oovernment ol the United Stales,"
to provide all needful .safeguards and especial^7
to place the Kqual Rights of All under the
guardianship of National Law.
Against the exercise of I his power (here are
but two arguments. First, that the Constitu-
tion, by providing that "the electors in each
State shall have the qualifications requisite for
electors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature," has reserved to each State
the power of excluding citizens merely on ac-
count of color, even though constituting more
than a majority of the population. The other
argument is that, since certain States at the
North have disfranchised the few colored per-
sons within their borders, the United States
are so far constrained hyrhis example thatthev
cannot protect the millions of frecdmen in the
rebel States from disfranchisement, and cannot
save the Republic from the peril of such a crying
injustice. I know not which of these two argu-
ment s is the least reasonable, or rather, which
is the most reprehensible. They are both un-
reasonable and both reprehensible. They both
do violence to the true principles of the Con-
stitution, if not to common sense.
it is true thai, according to the text of the
Constitution, each State may determine the
"qualifications" of electors, but this can have
no application to an exigency like the present,
where, at the close of a prolonged and desper-
ate rebellion, the United States are obliged to
guaranty to certain States a republican form
of government. In the performance of this
"guarantee," the United States can look only
at the essential elements of such a government;
nor more nor less; without regard to State
laws. But I am not willing to rest the argu-
ment here. Even assuming that there has been
no lapse of State governments, so as to bring
the '" guarantee'' into operation—assuming that
we are in a condition of assured peace—then I
utterly deny that the power to determine the
"qualifications" of electors can give any power
to disfranchise actual citizens. It is "qualifi-
cations" only which the States can determine,
meaning, by this limited term, those require-
ment s of personal condition which are regarded
as essential to the security of the franchise.
These "qualifications" cannot be in their na-
ture permanent or insurmountable. Color can-
not be a " qualification," any more than size or
the quality of the hair. A permanent or insur-
mountable "qualification" is equivalent to a
deprivation of the suffrage—in other words, it
is the tyranny of taxation without representa-
tion. and this tyranny. I insist, is not intrusted
to any State of this Union. This is the very
ground taken by Mr. Madison, when, defend-
ing the National Constitution in the Virginia
convention, he said:
"Some States mi^ht regulate the elections on the
principle of Equality, and otheis might, regulate them
othei wis1"1,'' ^ ^ "Should tile people of
any Si ale, by any means, he depiived of Ih<■ l-ieht of
suffrage, it irai indeed proper find it should he remedied
b'l the Ueneral Government." 11 " J 1 "lithe
elections be i emulated proceily by the Stale Legisla-
ture?, the congressional control will vetv probably
never be exercised. TIih power appeal- to be s'lt
factoiy ami un 1 k"'y to be abused as any part, of the
Constitution."—Elliot's Debates, vol. ill, p. ti 17.
With these decisive words from one of the
chief framers of the Constitution, tricked by
the reason of the case. 1 dismiss this objection
to the little consideration if deserves. And 1
dismiss to the same indifference that other ob-
jection, that our bauds are tied because ccrtain
Northern States have done a wrong and mean
thing. Pray, sir, how can the failure of these
Slates affect, the power of Congress in a great
exigency under the Constitution of the United
States? But. dutv on the present occasion is
identical with power. No matter if this power
has been long dormant, it is none the less vital.
It is like that slumbering statute, which Cicero
describes as a sword in the scabbard, lunquam
tfadius in vuyinti. It only remains that it
should be drawn forth.
This duty has been fortified by the Constitu-
tional Amendment, which, after providing for
the abolition of slavery, empowers Congress to
"enforce'' it by " appropriate legislation," thus
heaping Ossa upon 1'elion. Clearly under these
woids Congress may do what, in its discretion,
seems "appropriate" to this end. and there is
no power to call its action in question. Oil this
point, the authority of the Supremo Court, in
the masterly judgment of Chief Justice Mar-
shall, is most explicit:
"The government, which has a right to do an act
and lias imposed on it the duty of performing that act,
must, according to the dictates of reason.be allowed
to select t he means, and those who contend that it may
not select anu aiipro],r\ote means, that one particular
mode of elTeclmg tho object is excepted, take upon
themselves the burden of establishing that excep-
tion." : -■ - *- "Let the end be legiti-
mate. let it he within the scope of the Constitution,
undo//me.nm which are appropriate, which are plainly
adapted to that end, hioh ai e not prohibited, but con-
sist with the letter and spirit of the Constitution are
Constitutional."—1 Wheatvn H. 400-421 — McCullowjh
vs. Bank of Maryland.
Those words of llie Chief Justice arereenforced
by a kindred declai'ation from another £rcat
authority, Mr. Justice Story, speaking also for
the Supreme Court, on an important occasion:
"The Constitution unavoidably dealt in proncral
lano-uase. It was not intended merely to provide for
the cxWencic^ of a few years, but was to endure
through a, Jons l:i i>sc ot a^os; the events of which were
locked upin th<^inscrutable purpose-* of Providence.
Hence the Constitution leaves it to the legislative
power from time to time, to its mni 'mean* to
effectuate Irgitlniide ohjccts,'"—1 ^YkcoJoaU. 32o; Mar-
tin vs. Hunter.
Apply these words to the present question,
and the conclusion is irresistible. Whatever
legislation shall seem to Congress " appropri-
ate-' to "enforce" the abolition of slavery;
whatever "means" shall seem "proper'' to
this end, must be within the powers of Congress
"under the Constitutional Amendment. You
cannot deny this principle without setting aside
those most remarkable judgments which stand
as landmarks of constitutional history. But
who can doubt that the abolition of the whole
Black Code, in all its oligarchical pretensions,
civil and political, is "appropriate" to "en-
force" the abolition of Slavery? Mark, if you
please, the language of this grant. Congress
may '' cnforco'' abolition, and nobody can ques-
tion the "means" which it thinks best to em-
ploy. Let it not hesitate to adopt, the "means"
which promise to be the most effective. A3
the occasion is extraordinary, so the "means"
employed must bo extraordinary.
But the Senate has already by solemn vote
asserted this very jurisdiction. You have, sir,
decreed that colored persons shall enjoy the
same civil rights as white persons; in other
words, that, with regard to civil rights, there
shall be no "Oligarchy. Aristocracy, Caste, or
Monopoly, but that all shall be equal before
the law without distinction of color. And this
great decree you have made as "appropriate
legislation" under the Constitutional Amend-
ment "to enforce" the abolition of slavery.
Surely you have not erred in this act. Beyond
all question the protection of colored persons
in civil rights is essential to complete the abo-
lition of sla\ cry: but the protection of colored
persons in political rights is not lesw essential;
and the power is- as ample in one case as in the
other. In each ease you legislate for the main-
t< nance of colored personsin that Liberty which
has been so tardily accorded, and the legislation
is just as "appropriate" in one case as in the
other. The protection of colored persons in
their civil rights by Act of Congress will he a
great event. It will be great in itself. It will
be greater still, bccausc it establishes the power
of Congress, without any further amendment of
the Constitution, to protect eolored persons in
all their rights, including of course the elective
franchise. There arc precedents of Congress,
as well as of courts, which are landmarks; and
this is one of them.
Therefore, as authority for Congress you have
two sources in the Constitution itself, first, the
guarantee, clause, and, secondly, tho Constitu-
tional Amendment; each sufficient—the two
together a twofold sufficiency. To establish the
Equal Rights of All, no further amendment is
needed. The actual text is exuberant. Instead
of adding new woids, it will be enough if you
give to those which exist the natural force which
belongs to them. Instead of neglecting tlieni,
use them. Instead of supplementing them, in-
terpret them. An illustrious magistrate once
retorted upon an advocate, who, dissatisfied
with a ruling of the court, threatened to burn
his hooks, "You had bettor read them;-'
and so would I say now to all who think the
Constitution needs amendment, you had better
read it. Yes, sir, read it in the principles pro-
claimed by tho Fathers before the Revolution;
read it in the declarations of the Fathers when
they took their place as a Republic: read it in
the avowed opinions of the Fathers; read it in
the Public Acts of the Fathers ; and in all this
beaming light von will discern its true meaning.
Then again read it in that, other light which,
as from another sun, newly nseu at mid-day,
streams from the obligation of Congress to
"enforce" the abolition of slavery. And then
again read it in the glowing illumination of the
war. But. in whichever light you read it, you
will find always the same irresistible meaning.
Even if the text'were doubtful, the war makes
it clear. The victory which overthrew slavery
has carried with it all those glosses and con-
structions by which this wrong was originally
fastened upon the Constitution. Forgenerations
the Constitution has been interpreted for Sla-
very. From this time forward it must be in-
terpreted, in harmony with the Declaration of
