TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spaldinc,]
legal voters are not to be deprived of their bal-
lots for the want of this registry. The law
recognizes the fact that they shall not be so
deprived, even if there be 110 registry. But the
law goes on to prescribe in what method they
shall secure their ballot if there be no registry,
and I ask the gentleman from Ohio to take note
of this fact. The law says if a name has not
been put upon a registry the person may still
vote, provided he comes to the polls and makes
an affidavit stating, first, the reason why his
name is not registered, and second, that he is
a legal voter, residing in such a street and at
such a number; and provided that, he also brings
a householder from the distiict in which lie re-
sides who will make affidavit that he knows
him to be a voter residing in that street and at
that number. When he does that the law de-
clares that lie may vote notwithstanding there
may be no registry of his name.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAUSHALL. I was going to ask this
question in connection with what the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] was saying,
where a registry is made, although it is irregu-
lar, informal, and defective, and an elector goes
to the polls and no objection is made to his vot-
ing, and his vote is received without argument
or objection as in this case, is he to be deprived
of his right as an elector, and is his vote to be
thrown out. because an affidavit was not de-
manded of him at the time? That is the ques-
tion. presented in this case. It is proposed to
cast, out the whole vote and to disfranchise the
entire district.
Mr. DAWKS. The gentleman and I have
interchanged our views, and he knows very well
the line of argument by which I arrive at an
answer to his inquiry, and by which 1 intend
to meet it in due time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAilSIIALL obtained the floor, but
gave way to
Mr. 11AN«DALL, of Pennsylvania, who
moved that the time of Mr. Dawes be ex-
tended.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to say that
if a party comes to the polls and swears in his
vote by his own affidavit, verified by the afli-
davit, of a householder of the district, he has a
right to vote, and his vote is a legal vote. Do
I understand the gentleman correctly as so
stating?
Mr. DAWES. I do not say it is a legal vote;
but the presumption is that it is a legal vote.
Mr. BtiOOKS. Then I would call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the testimony in this
big book, from page 522 to page 581, where he
will see that 20 peisons voted upon an affidavit
sworn to "by a householder, recorded in the
registry here set forth: which 20 votes, notwith-
standing his own admission, he has thrown en-
tirely out of the court. How does the gentle-
man get over that?
Mr. DAWES. I can perhaps best answer
that question by asking another. For whom
did tho=e 23 men vote?
Mr. BUOOKS. That is a very Yankee mode
of answering a question, though I do not think
it is a very proper one.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
Mr. BiiOOKS. But I will answer the gen-
tleman's question if he will allow me. They i
undoubtedly voted for me. The gentleman has
thrown them out.
Mr. DAWES. That is one of the difficulties
of the case, which the House is called upon to
decide in the end. if it had so happened that
the law of New York, like the law of .Missouri,
and of some of the other States, enabled ns to
trace each man's vote and ascertain for whom
ha voted, another duly would have devohed
upon the Committee of Elections, which they
have shown tbemseives heretofore willing to
accept; and that was the ascertaining for whom
these votes were cast, and to give the proper
party the full benefit of them. There was no
evidence whatever submitted by the parties, and
it was not in the power of the committee to
ascertain for whom a single one of these men
voted, and now 1 suppose it is a sufficient an-
swer to that that the sitting member insists that
they shall be counted for him.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not insist upon that,
but I insist that, upon the gentleman's own
admission, the whole district should not be
thrown out, yet he has thrown out the whole
district, when there are affidavits showing that
at least 20 legal votes were cast in the district.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman had pre-
sented a particle of evidence that 2G legal voters,
or 20 voters concerting whom the presumption
was that they were legal, had voted for him, it
would have been a pertinent inquiry for him to
put to me why I did not count them for him.
And here is the contestant ready to ask me
why I did not count theni for him.
Mr. SPALDING. Is the whole .fifteenth
district ruled out?
Mr. DAWES. I will come to that, or will
try to, though I do not know that 1 ever shall.
I hardly know where Iwas in the line of my
argument when 1 was last interrupted. But I
was endeavoring to show not only what was the
practical tendency of this fraudulent registry,
but what ivas also the fact. Did it have any
effect upon the result of that election? Was
there any evidence that after all anybody but
honest voters cast their votes at that election?.
Would it not be rather remarkable, after the
registry was so prepared, with all these names
put upon it by irresponsible persons, that it
was done for no purpose, thai nobody availed
himself of the oppoituuity offered by this ar-
rangement,, or that the arrangement was made
without, any disposition or purpose to enable
anybody who claimed to be a voter to avail
himself of it? J I, is too violent a presumption
tor any man who has had any experience in
the investigation of election frauds to accept
for a moment.
But, sir, the fact is that, the vote of this
district was just about double upon this occa-
sion. All the votes of the whole twelfth dis-
trict, a part of which became subsequently the
fifteenth district, amounted at the hist preced-
ing election to only 4e0; while at this election
there were polled in this part of it 440 votes,
and in the. other part olio, making 811 votes
polled through the facilities of this fraudulent
registry. And one of the inspectors of the
election, called by the sitting member himself,
testilies tlmt, at the closing of the polls, about
two hundred and fifty men uhom he believed
to be legal voters were excluded bv the arrival
of sunset. If that be true, it would make 1,001
votes in iIhm district which at the last election
polled only 400 votes. Now, Mr. Speaker,
could there have been honestly that many ie^al
voters, ami t here yet be no means of tracing
them, or showing such to have been the fact?
Is an addition of 500 votes in a single pre-
cinct at a single election an increase that
cannot be traced in any way? The registry,
if it bo an honest one, shows by Street and
number the residence of every voter, so that
after the election the tracing of every voter is
only a question of time. And the most ra-
tional and natural method of proceeding, when
the validity and honesty of a poll like this is
questioned, is to undertake after the election
to trace the voters bv the registry. This is
the proper method to test and prove the hon-
esty of the poll. The contestant, feeling this,
employed for six weeks a man who had been
a canvasser for the city Directory, and who
therefore had skill in this matter, to trace to
his home each man who, according to this
registry, had voted.
1 f we could have had the benefit of that man's
testimony, supposing him to oavebeen an hon-
est. intelligent man, it would have gone far to
settlethUque^ciO.i. ieo,. 'tie ly,atleust
for the eoatestua!, the name > f t; man was,
through a mere clerical on or in copying "„be
notice to be served upon the sitting member,
omitted from the list of witnesses whose depo-
sitions were to be taken. As the law requires
that the sitting member shall have ten days'
notice of witnesses whose depositions are to be
taken, the sitting member objected, as he had
the right, under the law to do, to taking this man's
testimony, because the tea days' notice required
by law had not been given. The affidavit of
this man was taken without the notice ; and he
was then tendered to the sitting member for
cross-examination, when the sitting member
declined to cross-examine. Therefore the con-
testant was without the testimony of 4, It is man.
lie sought to prove the same facts by another
witness who had acquired his knowledge from
this man; but the committee decided that that
was not legal evidence.
The sitting- member, however, to some ex-
tent helped the contestant out of this difficulty;
for lie produced witnesses to prove that what
was stated in this affidavit was not true. He
produced, first, a man who had been one of the
inspectors of the election—the man whp tes-
tified that 250 legal voters did not succeed in
depositing their votes, because they were still
waiting when the time arrived for closing the
polls. He was an officer in the Catholic church'
near by, and was supposed to have peculiar
knowledge in reference to the district. He went
over this list, and there were some twenty or
thirty whom he could not find anywhere, witl
all his knowledge. Others he thought he found,
but in a way which I will illustrate. There
was upon the registry a William Hubert, 551
East Sixteenth street. This witness said that
he knew a William Hubbard, on Fifteenth
street, who, he thought, must be the same
man. So upon the registry was the name of
John Callaghan, 257 Fouiteenth street. This
man stated that he knew a John Allen, resid-
ing in another street at another number, and
be thought thi i must be the same man. Again,
the registry contained the name of Patrick
Willing, 270 Sixteenth street. This witness
thought that this must be Patrick Fanning,
511 Sixteenth street. In this way he identified
some 100 or more.
Some thirty and more ho could not identify
at all. lie tli ;i brought on a German resident
of the district familiar with the German names
on the register, and the list was handed to him
to point out, and identify those who had voted,
and of the first twentv, sixteen he negatived,
and said they did not hve where they were set
down, and that they were, not voters. Four he
did identify. With that lot the examination of
this witness was suspended. _ ,
So while the contestant was without the
benefit of his witness, whom he had employed
for six weeks, because of this clerical error,
by the witnesses of the sitting member there
were shown to be by positive testimony from
fifty to sixty who had no residence there. And
then they were only traced to others identified
in the manner I have indicated; forgetting,
Mr. Speaker, that the object of putting down
names upon the register with a similarity of
spelling was to facilitate the very fraud which
is sou ah t to be curried out at the polls by
bringing a man  
Mr. BPiOOIvS. I beg pardon of the gentle-
man, but I am sure that the House will never
give attention to details except in this way.
lie recites the testimony of a man by the name
of .lung. It is necevary the House should
understand the difficulty of getting German
names. A mail is asked whether a Mr. Young
lives in his house. Although Mr. dung lives
there he says that no Mr. Y-o-u-n-glivgs there.
Now. in German the name Jung is pronounced
like Young, but Mr. Jung won!J not recognize
his own name when presented to hi:a spelled
Young. In order to see how the English regis-
ter laid blundered in recording German names,
the members have only to rr>r "j p;ges COl
and :i02 of the printed testimony:
" Qw'iins. How do you prououaee your name?
"VYiii voii sr>c';l ?
" How is it pronounced? ^
" A,ivtner, Youn^.
" Question. How would an American writ* it?
*'Anawen Yonngi
