1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2709
Receipts by the La Crosse and Minnesota Steam Packet
Comxjany at La Cross*, Wisconsin, during the Benson
of navigation of the year 1865, from April 1 to
December 1.
-co
3 r'.. A  
to _ Nj —1 —TI-O-
cioi-iicorow'jioo^s-;!':
Shipments from La Crosse, Wisconsin, by the La
Crosse and Minnesota Steaui^Packet Company for
the same timo as above to various points above La
Crosse:
Merchandise, assorted, tons 16,847
Salt, barrels 11,8/6
Railroad iron, tons 10,320
From the mouth of the Minnesota to the
Rock Island rapids, the Mississippi is charac-
terized b}r almost innumerable wooded islands.
The main volume of the stream is confined to
one channel, but branches from it ramify in
various directions, forming sloughs, as they are
generally named, and making its water coarse
with inclosed islands, seldom loss than a mile
in width. The low water in the channel ofthe
river is caused by the numerous diversions cre-
ated by these islands. Each slough subtracts
a large amount of water from the main chan-
nel, and by decreasing the current allows the
formation of deposits. To ascertain the cheap-
est and most feasible mode of stopping these
leak3, and rendering all the water in the river
available for navigation, is the object of the
examination proposed in the bill before us.
That this can be done at a very moderate cost,
and in a very simple way, I am well satisfied.
In a paper prepared by a skillful engineer and
by a gentleman with an experience upon the
river of more than twenty-rive years, it is sug-
gested that a line of piles driven diagonally
and tilled in with fascines at the head of each
slough, will so turn the force ofthe current as
to cauee permanent deposits of sand upon the
fac*e of the barrier, which? in a few years, will
became self-su<tnining, and always secure such
outlet against further waste. As this paper
possesses much practical interest I will here
ask the indulgence of the Senate ^'hile I read
it:
The time seems to have arrived when the improve-
ment of the upper Mi«is?ip?u nvei should no longer
be a problem witoout a solution. The v ist increase
in the productions of the northwestern States, their
va:?t cxpoitsof wheat and other provision?, and their
correspondingimportation of allarticlcs exceptfood,
demand that this question, second in importance to
none that has been before Congress since internal
improvements were first made a part and parcel of
the policy of the country, should bo met and an-
swered.
It« unnecessary, at this late day, to speak of the
importance of the Mississippi river, that great spinal
column through which circulates the vitality which
feeds and sustains so large a proportion of the people
of this country and of Europe, and without which
civilization would not have readied beyond the lakes
at this time.
The interests of not only the States in the valley
of this mighty river, but of the whole country, de-
i| mand that efficient mcansbeat once taken to remove
j! the obstructions and furnish a free and adequate
communication with the ocean.
From Maine to Florida, from Minnesota to Loui-
siana, all are equally interested in the question of
cheap food; and any appropriation and expenditure
for the improvement of this river is of national im-
portance and equally benefits all.
When we compare the vast production with the
means of transportation, we shall at once be sur-
prised at the dispioportion existing between them.
There are three lines of railways connecting the Mis-
sissippi with the lakes, which are available in a
greater or less decree to Minnesota, Wisconsin, and
northern Iowa: these arc, first, the Milwaukee and
St. Paul road, extending from La Crosse to Mil-
waukee, which can receive and forward about twenty
thousand bushels of wheat each day, which will re-
quire some sixty cars for its transportation, and
which together with merchandise and passengers, is
about the limit of its ability, with its present facili-
ties for elevating: second, the Milwaukee and Prai-
rie du Chien road, connecting the points its name
indicates, and whose elevator has apossiblecapacity
of forty thousand bushels per day; third, the Illi-
nois Central road, from Dunleith to Freeport, and
thence by the Northwestern road to Chicago, whose
elevator has a possible capacity of twenty thousand
bushels a day.
Theroute bytheway of Savanivahand Ptacineistoo '
far down the river, and its equipment and facilities
arc too limited to be of much benefit oi to exercise i
any marked etfect on the general result: it is not !
therefore considered in this connection. The same :
reasons, but with increased force, apply to the Hock ;
Ihland road, winch has a local business equal to its
utmost capacity. * 1
The Illinois Central road, for a greater part of the ;
year, is blockaded with freight from the Dubuque ,
and Sioux City road, aud is forced to neglect its ;
local business in order to furnish an outlet lor the I
country immediately contiguous, and cannot be re-
lied upon for the transportation of a bushel or a .
pound fiotn above McGregor. , j
The Prairie du Chien road has at least half its
capacity absorbed by the contributions of the Mc- '
Gregor Western road, and at the present rate of ;
increase, will in a few years be unable to move more ,
than that connection will demand. i
!| We now come to the La Crosse route, which is the
;i principal outlet on which Minnesota and Wisconsin
j: must depend, and while that road is now taxed to its '
j. utmost capacity, the question arises, what are we to
! do in the time to come?
j; The capacity of all roads is vastly increased by
i; laying another track the entire distance, but there is
H no probability that the present owners of either of
the upper road* will embark in an enterprise requi;-
i; ing such an outlay for many years to come, even if it -
''' should ever he their policy, ;
Si The Lake Superior road, should it ever became a :
l! fact, will, in connection with the Minnesota Yalloy j
i road, open an outlet for five or six months in the j
ii year, and if the necessary accessories of elevators j
and a line of propellers are provided, prove of im- f
mense value to the commerce of the Northwest: but j
the benefits arising from these lines of communica- ]
tion are necessarily local, and will be confined to the ;
country north and west of St. Paul. The great mar- ■
kcts of the world are situated at the outlets of nnvi- 1
gable livers, which in this country are at the East '
and South: produce will not come up the Mississippi .
to reach the lakes at Superior, unless it is trans- ,
ported at a lo?s4 and nofact is better known and j
understood in transportation thanthis, namely, that ;
whenever you divert freight from its only legitimate
course, which is the most direct and the shortest, ,
j: you have to compete with lines possessing these ad-
(i vantages, and rates which arc remunerative to the
!! direct route prove losing ones to the indirect. The
i. Minnesota Central road will only add toths burdens t
U now impo«odupon thcLaCrosseand Prairie du Chien ;
' routes to the lakes by opening up a communication ;
!j with a rich and productive part of Minnesota. Its ,
: continuation south and a connection with the N orth- j
i em Missouri railroad will open aiineot cominuni- '
i! cation with St. Louis and furnish that great market .
ii to Iowa and Minnesota: but all experience shows '
h that a railroad through a rich and productive coun- [
try is in a few years hardly able to transport more j
;j than it creates and develops. # j
In view of these facts, what remains for the country <
= j but to make available the great highway prepared
!, for us bv nature, and by a judicious expenditure rcn-
ji dcr perfect that which is nearly so already: that high-
l! way whose capacity is unlimited, and which can bear
i; the mighty burdens of the three hundred million
11 people who will one day live on its course?
The question now is simply as to the best wny_of
p doing what all admit must be done: and on this point
j: we beg to offer the following suggestions as the rcsu.t
ij ot our own experience confiuned by that of many
jj prominent river men: first, as to the cause of the low
!| water in the channel; this, it must be evident to all,
cannot be because there is not enough water in the
river, but because it is spread over so vast a width
and divided into so many channels.
From bluff to bluff, a distance of from one to four
miles, this vast highway spreads out, offering many
routes divided by islands, sand bar*, and deposits ot
drift: one, of course, is better than all others, but
even this varies at different seasons, and is liable to
changes and dangers. The islands which form so re-
markable and picturesque a feature in the upper Mis- '
sissippi, are formed by primary deposits of sand, which,
by the wonderful fecundity of nature, are soon cov- I
ered with vegetation, and permanently divert the !
water from its direct course. Every such diversion
reduces the volume of water, and consequently less-
ens the current, which effect causes new deposits,
and they, in turn, new islands, thereby increasing and
multiplying the difficulties. Let us bear these facts
in mind, and the remedy at once suggests itself; close
up these sloughs or a sufficient number of them,
direct the water into one channcl, and its immense
volume will open to itself an" uuvexed course to the
sea>".
A line of piles driven diagonally and filled in with
fascines at the head of each slough will so turn the
force of the current as to cause permanent deposits
of sands upon the face of the barrier, which in a few
years, by the growth of vegetation, will become self-
sustaining, and always secure such outlet against
further waste.
This assertion does not rest on mere conjecture,
but has been verified by the experience of the sum-
mer of 1864, when the labor of twenty men, one day,
in merely driving a few stakes and filling in with
brush, raised the water in the channel ten inches
between St. Paul and Pine Bend, and secured navi-
gation for small boats through, which otherwise could,
not have reached above Pre^eott.
We do not propose in any case to attempt to change
the channel of the river or dig canals, but simply to
stop^ the leaks and make all the water available for
navigation.
Having thus briefly given our views as to the ob-
structions caused by diverted forces, we come to tho
matter wherein the river cannot by its own force
contribute to irs own improvement.
The Upper Rapids ot the Mississippi, as they are
known, extend from Le Claire, in Iowa, to Daven-
port, «nd consist of a series or succession of boulders
and projections interspersed with many reaches of
smooth and deep water.
For an average of perhaps three months in each,
year these rapids are impassable for loaded boats,
and all freight has to betaken over in barges and
lighters and reshipped at Davenport, (hereby caus-
ing n vast loss in time and money. Added to thu is
the Rock Island bridge, stretching diagonally across
the channel, and which is never passed without clan-
ger, and proves a perfcct bairier in windy weather.
The rocks projecting into the channel of the river
can all be removed and perfectly sale and deep nav-
igation secured by the judicious expenditure of a few
hundred thousand dollars. The most dangerous rocks
in Ilell Gate, Eastriver, have been successfully taken
out, and in fact we need not go so far for an illustra-
tion, but look at the improvements made in the Lower
Rapids, in spite, we iriay almost say, ofthe stupidity
and inefficiency of the parties in charge.
That rocks can be cut off and removed from under
water are indisputable facts: that the work can bo
done by contract rapidly and cheaply all will admit:
and that all internal improvements attempted by the
Governmentdirectlyhavebeen either falures orcoin-
plcted at a co-t vastly beyond what the same would
have been done for by individuals, are also facts.
The difference in cost between the plan here pro-
posed and a canal around the rapids, can hardly be
estimated. Probably the locks a lone would be double
the cost of removing all obstructions, and aside from
that, the delay in passing so many boats up and down,
would cause a loss in a few years equal to the original
outlay.
Nature has given us this noble river almost perfect
to our hands: it has hitherto answered our purposo
very well, and furnished us a cheap communication
with the ocean, but the time is cominsr. and in fact
now is, when that line of communication must be
made perfect, and then the powerful tug, with its four
baiges laden with their forty thousand bushels of
wheat, can float uninterruptedly from the falls of St,
Anthony to New OUeans and return laden with the
sutrai and cotton of the South.
Multiply railroads as we may: stretch them from
the East and the We^t.and yet a few years finds them
ciowded with local business which tb"ir simple con-
st! action has developed. The Mississippi is our chief
dependence: its capacity is unlimited; it requires
neither switches nor double tracks; it only requires
a limited outlay to jendci it perfect for all time.
a. A. HAMILTON.
RUSSELL B LAKELET.
We the undersigned having h^d long experience
in the navigation of the upper Mississippi cordially
appiove of the plan pioposed above for its improve-
ment. D. S HARRIS,
H. L. BEEULE,
WILLIAM F. DAVIDSON",
EDWARD I£. BEEBE,
N. F. WEBB.
These gentlemen are among the most enter-
prising and experienced navigators of our west-
ern rivers, and where they are known, as they
are throughout the valley of the Mississippi,
their approbation of the views of Messrs. Ham-
ilton & Blakelev will command the plan to
the favorable consideration of the public and
I trust to that of tho Congress of the United
States. Should it receive the approbation of
the engineers to be detailed by the Sectetary
of War. if the bill under consideration receives
the favorable action of Congress. I am informed
by excellent authority that four feet ot water
can always be obtained between St. Paul and
Prescoit, Wisconsin, and five feet below the
latter point to Dunleith, ata probable cost not
exceeding S250.000.
As I believe I can best accomplish my pur-
pose in having the honorable Committee on
Commerce, who have now before them the bill
from the House of Representatives making the
