1866,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
269
39th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
The Constitution and the Union—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
ing this hospital aro wholly erroneous, and it
will be unnecessary to consume any time in
pointing out the particular errors. 1 will only
refer to two points. We printed the four hun-
dred returns at the contestant's selection in this
case, as in other cases, to obviate the necessity
of deciphering them in manuscript,. Only the
printed returns are used on the hearing. But
in this case, failing to find the necessary evi-
dence of the Lincoln hospital vote in the printed
books, I sought for it also, in vain,'among the
manuscript returns. Before the report was
prepared, I informed the attorney who wrote
the contestant's review, ill reply to an inquiry
made by him on the subject, that this evidence
was wanting, and the next day I saw the same
attorney engaged in the examination of the
manuscript returns himself in an unsuccessful
attempt to find this evidence. The contestant,
therefore, actually had the notice which he de-
nies. Again, the confirmatory evidence of the
presence of this return, alleged to be furnished
by the consecutive numbering of the secretary's
returns, would not be without weight if these
numbers had been placed upon them before
they left the secretary's office. Bat the fact
is that they were written upon the secretary's
returns in Washington in pencil by the con-
testant's attorney and clerk, in order to give
those several returns the same numbers which
the corresponding prothonotary's returns al-
ready had. The secretary's numbering, which
was in black (not red) ink, was entirely differ-
ent. The returns which are referred to as sixty-
three and sixty-five were by him numbered one
and twenty-one. Nor is it correct that these
were the only returns which could not be found.
There were thirteen others which I could not
find. I am constrained to believe that Mr.
Cook, although entirely sincere, is mistaken in
his affi davit, and that this Lincoln hospital re-
turn was never in the committee-room before
the report was submitted. And yet I would be
willing to use the return presented since the
report was made if that could be done without
injustice to the sitting member, who has been
advised, I presume, for the first time of this
proposed evidence by the debate now in prog-
ress. But if you embrace in the canvass this
Lincoln hospital return, and also the returns
for MeClellan hospital, battery H, fourth artil-
lery, Camp Parole, Carver hospital, field and
staff two hundred and sixth regiment, and com-
pany A, one-hundred and fifty-fifth regiment,
you must still vote for the sitting member, for
he still has a majority of 13 votes.
Mr, Speaker, I wish now to call the atten-
tion of the House to some of the results which
would follow if we should admit the claims of
the contestant in this case. Sir, the contest-
ant in his review of the report of the commit-
tee finds fault with the committee because they
rejected the vote of Satterlee hospital, to which
I have referred, where the tally-list was signed
only by two clerks, and at the same time counted
the vote of Carver hospital, which gave a ma-
jority of 3 votes for Dawson, although, as he
alleges, the return was altogether blank. The
return, strictly so called, from Carver hospital
for Fayette county was, it is true, a mere blank.
But, sir, there was appended to the entire doc-
. ument, including the poll-book, tally-list, and
blank return, these words :
A true return of the election held as aforesaid, on
the second Tuesday of October, 1864. Certified by us
the day and year aforesaid. _
GEORGE HINDS,
IIusnitc.1 Stexcard United States Army,
JOHN W. WINDSOR,
Private. VJOfh Company K It. 0.,
II. R. WEST,
Corporal Company II, 143d Pammilvnma,
Judges of the said Elect ton.
Attest: „ „
William C. Stine,
Clerk Carver Hospital,
Herbert S. Gee,
Musician 52d Company V. U. 0.,
Clerks.
Now, that word " return" may mean either
one of two things. It may refer to the tech-
uical return, or it may have a more compre-
hensive signification, referring not only to the
technical return, but to the whole document,
including the poil-book and tally-list. If you
consider it in its most comprehensive sense as
covering the poll-book and tally-list, then this
return ought to have been counted. But if
the contestant is unwise enough to insist upon
using this.final certificate in its restricted sense,
I wish you to observe what the result will be,
so far as his own vote is concerned. Sir, if
you adopt that view at his request, if you take
him at his own word, and decide that returns
like that of the Carver hospital shall not be
canvassed, you will rob him of five returns in
Westmoreland county, of three in Indiana
county, and of. five in Fayette county, which
give him an aggregate majority of 27 votes, all
of which we have counted in his favor.
For in each of these cases the return was pre-
cisely like that in the case of the Carver hos-
pital. The following statement will show what
he would lose by the enforcement against him-
self of this rule, which he thinks should have
been enforced against the sitting member:
Westmoreland county. Fuller. Dawson.
1. Company F, 21st cavalry 3 0
2. Company C, 204th regiment 6 2
3. Patterson Park 1 0
4. Findlay hospital 1 0
5. Hospital No. 1, Chattanooga 1 0
Indiana county.
6. MeClellan hospital 3 0
7. Carver hospital 3 0
8. Hospital No. 1, Chattanooga 1 0
Fayette county.
9. Company K, 211th regiment 8 2
10. Company A, 121st regiment 1 0
11. Company B, 212th regiment 1 0
T2. Company L, 3d artillery 1 0
13. Company F, 1st cavalry 1 0
31 4
Why, sir, if you adopt the rule which the
contestant asks you to adopt you add to the
majority of the sitting member 27 votes, and
subtract therefrom only 3. What becomes of
the contestant if you take him at his own word V
But, sir. great complaint has been made be-
cause I have, as is charged, asked the House
to adhere to the rigid rule adopted by the Com-
mittee of Elections and by the House in the
ease of Koontz vs. Coffroth. 1 have, however,
asked for nothing inconsistent with the views
entertained by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Scofield] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargeu. ] I differ with them
not at all respecting the rule adopted in that
case. But suppose we had in this case adhered
strictly to the rule then established. I askyou,
what would have become of this contestant?
Six specified objections to returns in that case
were held by the committee and by the House
to be fatal, namely: first, the absence of cer-
tificates of oaths of two or more judges; sec-
ond, the absence of the poll-book ; third, a joint
election by two or more organized companies ;
fourth, the administration of the oaths to the
election officers by persons not of their num-
ber ; fifth, an omission to keep a separate poll-
book for each county; sixth, an omission to
make a separate return for each county. Un-
der one or the other of those six objections falls
every one of the seven returns, which I shall
now read to the House, and which we have
counted for the contestant:
Westmoreland county. Fidler. Dawson.
1. Ciiylerhospital,(certificateswant-
ing.)    2 0
2. Compuny C, 204th regiment, (cer-
tificates wanting,)  6 2
3. Company M. 100th regiment, (cer-
tificates wanting,)     3 0
4. Companies C and_ D, 140th and
116th regiments, (joint election,)... 1 0
5. Company L. 6th artillery, (oath
signed by one judge only,)  26 11
Fayette county.
6. Battery II, Independent artillery,
(several detects,)  1 0
7. Cuylerhospital,(certificateswant-
ing,)    2 0
41 13
Now, sir, a rigid adherence to the rules laid
down in the case of Koontz vs. Cr (Froth would
have added to the majority of the sitting mem-
ber the difference between 41 and 13 votes.
In support of three returns which were
counted in favor of the contestant he himself
made no proof satisfactory to the committee.
But the proof was furnished by the sitting
member. They were—
Fuller. Dawson,
1. Camp Smithers 4 1
2. Columbia hospital 1 0
3. Company B, 155th regiment 4 1
Let us now recapitulate the results which
might have followed if we had enforced against
the contestant his own rules, and had rigidly
adhered to those laid down in the case of
Koontz vs. Coffroth:
The committee found Mr. Dawson's majority to be..21
If the case is reconsidered corrections must be
made for company C, fourth cavalry, and com-
pany K, one hundred and fifty-fifth regiment 16
His majority will then be 37
If you exclude blank returns like that of Carver
hospital you add to his majority 27
And his majority will be 64
A rigid observance of the rule adopted in the case
of Iioontz vs. Coffroth would add to his major-
ity 28
And his majority would be .........92
And but for evidence introduced by the sitting
member you would add to this  7
And Mr. Dawson's majority would be 99
In conclusion I have to say that I know of no
reason why the sitting member should not rej
tain his seat, unless it be this: that he is what
we on this side of the House sometimes call a
copperhead. That may be a good reason why
his constituents should not have sent him here;
I believe it was a good reason. But that is a
reason for his constituents to consider; it is no
reason why you and I should kick him out of
this House. And if that shall be done here
to-day, it will, in my judgment, be a viola-
tion of right and of duty, to which I can be no
party.
The Constitution and the Union.
SPEECH OF HON. L. S. TRIMBLE,
x OE KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
June 16, 1866,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the President's annual message.
[The Speaker stated there were several gentlemen
who wished to speak, but were preclude! by the
closing of the debate on the state of the Union, aud
if there were no objection they could hand their
speeches to the reporters to be printed in the Globe,
There was no objection, and it was ordered accord-
ingly.]
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Chairman, I had not
intended to trouble this committee with any
remarks upon this message. But when 1 hear,
day after day, such flagitious calumnies hurled
at the fame and memories of the departed
heroes and statesmen of the Revolution by
gentlemen whose great learning and experience
as statesmen have been developed in this war,
by their cries lor blood, by the violence and
vindictiveness of their natures, sharpened by
confiscation acts, illegal proclamations, sup-
pression of speech and the press, and whonow
gloat in their revenge upon unarmed men, inno-
cent and defenseless women aud children, I feel
that to be silent under such circumstances would
be criminal and recreant to every principle of
honor and manhood.
It must be a source of profound regret to
every votary of republican and representative
government, that the dominant orrevolutionary
partv now upon this floor, professing to repre-
sent" the people of this great Government, was
elccted to the places they now hold amid the
most terrific, cruel, and bloody civil war ever
wa™ed since the morning of creation; elected
