3670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
after consist of one paymaster general, with the ranjc,
pay, and emoluments of a brigadier general; two as-
sistant paymasters general, "with the rank, pay, and
emoluments ot coloncls of cavalry; two deputy pay-
masters general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of lieutenant colonels of cavalry: and forty paymas-
ters, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of majors
of cavalry.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
one, line sixteen, before the word "section"
to strike out "eleventh" and insert "four-
teenth;" so that the clause will read:
And two thirds of the military store-keepers and
ordnance store-keepers to be appointed under this
ami the fourteenth section of this act shall boeeleeted
from vol unteerofliccrs or soldiers who have performed
meritorious service in the Army of the United States
during the late rebellion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That com-
pletes the amendments of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe we have gone
through with all the amendments offered by the
committee. I offer the following amendment
to come as section thirty-three at the end of
the bill:
Andbe it further enacted, That officers of the regular
Array entitled to be retired on account of disability
occasioned by wounds received in battle, may be re-
tired upon the rank of the command held^ by them
in the regular or volunteer service at the time sucli
wounds were received.
Mr. WILSON. That proposition, I take it,
means simply this: alargo number of officers of
the regular Army were made officers of volun-
teers. Some of those officers, perhaps four or
five of them, were desperately wounded. The
proposition is that they shall be retired on the
rank they held when they received their wounds,
and I think it is right that it should be so.
Where does the Senator propose to insert the
amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. At the close of the bill, as
an additional section.
Mr. WILSON. Put it in as section thirty-
two.
Mr. HOWARD. Yery well; let it come in
as section thirty-two.
Mr. WILSON. My suggestion is that it
conic in after the thirty-first section as a new
section.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; T will move to
insert it as section thirty-two, and then section
thirly-lwo, as it stands in the bill, can be changed
to section thirty-three.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the sev-
enteenth section by adding to it the following
words, which were omitted by accident:
And tho Secretary of War is hereby authorized to
appoint from enlisted men of tho Array, or cause to
bo enlisted, as many hospital stewards as tho service
intty require, to bo permanently attached to the
medical department, under such regulations as the
Secretary of War may prescribe,
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to inquire of
the Senator having charge of the bill if he can-
not limit the number of these officers in any
way. If the number can be limited properly I
think it should be. The language is very broad
us it stands.
Mr. WILSON, We cannot tell the number
exactly. The number necessary will differ at
different times. I take it that the Department
will n.ot employ more than they absolutely
need.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state, with the pcr-
. mission of the Senator from Massachusetts,
that it is difficult to tell the number of hospital
stewards that will actually be required. Per-
haps where a regiment is serving together oj^e
hospital steward might be sufficient; but in
time of peace our Army is very much scat-
tered ; usually there are not more than one or
two companies at a post; and under circum-
stances of that kind it will be necessary to
have a hospital steward at each post. When
the_ regiments are congregated or consolidated,
it is not necessai'y to have so many. The
necessities of the service for such officers are
constantly varying. I hope the amendment
will be allowed to stand as it is. The number
of these officers cannot be very well fixed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. I offer the following as a
new section:
And he it further enacted, That all officers who have
served during the rebellion as volunteers in the ar-
mies of the United States, and who have been, or
hereafter may be, honorably mustered out of the vol-
untecrserviee,ehallbe ontitled to have the official title,
and upon ocoasionsof eeremonyto wear the uniforms
of the highestgradetheyhaveheldby brevet or other
commission in the military service. In the case of
officers of the regular Army, the volunteer rank shall
be entered upon the official Army Register: Provided,
That these privileges shall not entitle any officer to
command, pay, or emoluments. ,
I will State that this amendment is a precise
copy of an amendment which passed the Senate
in the original Senate bill now pending before
the House of Representatives. It is merely
complimentary to volunteer officers, permit-
ting them to have tho designation, and on oc-
casions of ceremony and public occasions to
wear the uniform of the highest rank they held
in the volunteers, and the volunteer rank in
the ease of officers of the regular Army is to
be transferred to the official Army Register. It
is a matter that will cost nothing; it increases
no pay or emoluments and entitles them to
no command. It is a mere compliment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will ask the Senator to let
that lie on the table until it, can be examined.
I have no objection to it as among officers of
the Army, but it provides for occasions of cere-
mony. The difficulty is that officers of the
Army and Navy are frequently brought to-
gether on occasions of ceremony, and there
being no l^evets in the Navy, a young man
who has been brevetted as a major general or
as a brigadier general, although having been
iti the service not more than two or three years,
will rank on those occasions.of ceremony an
officer of the Navy who has served the country
faithfully for fifty years. I should like to have
an opportunity to amend the amendment. Let
it lie on the table until I can draft an amend-
ment, so that they may have this rank as among
Army officers.
Mr. NESMITH. I have no objection to that.
Mr. W ADE. While that amendmentis being
perfected I have one which I wish to offer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Oregon withdraw his amendment
for tho present?
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill
on page 12, in section twenty-four, line four,
after the word "board," concerning the ex-
amination of officers, by inserting "to be com-
posed of officers of that arm of the service in
which the applicant is to serve." Some of
those to be examined, that have served in the
cavalry for four or five years, are perfectly well
acquainted with that service, well skilled in it,
and were distinguished in that branch of the
service, but their apprehension is that if they
are put under the examination of the mere in-
fantry officers they might fail. It seems to me
but right and reasonable that the board should
be composed of that arm of the service in which
the applicant proposes to serve. I have re-
ceived a great many letters on the subject from
men who have served during the last war with
distinction, but who are apprehensive that if
they make their application, and are compelled
to go before aboard of officers of another and
entirely different arm of the service, the ex-
amination will not be as fair a one as it would
if they were examined by a board composed
of officers of that arm of the service in which
they propose to serve. I think it is reasonable,
and 1 hope the committee jvill think so, too.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will be adopted. I have received a number of
communications on the same subject myself.
There is quite a wide-spread compiaint on that
account. I think it is nothing but fair that the
applicant should be allowed to be examined as
to those branches which he is required to un-
derstand before entering into the particular
branch of the service which he seeks. I see
nothing unreasonable in it.
Mr. WILSON." I think there can be no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have an amendment
to offer, but after the action which has been
taken by the Senate I shall content myself with
offering it. I move to amend section four, in
the eighth and ninth lines, by striking out the
words "of colored men, to be designated Uni-
ted States, colored troops.'' I shall not call for
the yeas and nays, because it is useless. I want
a vote on it, however.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to make an amendment before he moves that?
Mr. SAULSBLTRY. I will not say a word
on the subject of the amendment I propose.
I only ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. WILSON. Yery well.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. Since the committee re-
ported this bill I have received a letter from
General Brice, Paymaster General of the Army,
which I desire to have read, after which I shall
submit a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"War Department,
Paymaster General's Office,
"Washington, D. 0., July 6, 1866.
Sir : I have the honor respectfully to represent,
after a careful consideration of the subject, the con-
viction beyond a shadow of a doubt in my mind,
that the forty paymasters provided in your bill now
pending will not be nearly sufficient to satisfactorily
accomplish the payment of the Army organized as
that bill proposes, and distributed to stations scat-
tered over the extent of a continent.
To say nothing of the five thousand (average num-
ber) of claims for back pay, bounties, &c., now com-
ing to this ofliec for settlement each month, and of
the average of ten thousand certificates issued
monthly by the Second Auditor to heirs of deceased
soldiers and other claimants, and which are made
payable by paymasters only; I give the following as
the number of officers indispensably necessary for the
payment of the troops in service after all the volun-
teer forces shall be disbanded. And I beg to assuro
you that this estimate is made with scrupulous care,
and is regarded as the very minimum which should
be provided for:
New York, (New York, New England, New Jersey ,) i
Washington, (Atlantic States from Pennsylvania
to West Florida,) .'. 7
New Orleans, (West Florida, Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Texas,)  9
Cincinnati, (all States west of Alleghany mount-
ains, east of Mississippi river, and north of Ala-
bama,)  5
St. Louis, (Missouri, Arkansas, Iowa, Minnesota,).. 5
Leavenworth, (Kansas and all the Territories east
of Kooky mountains and north of the Arkansas
river,). C   8
San Francisco, (all west of the Rocky mountains,
including Arizona and Utah, up north to the
British possessions,)  9
Santa Fe, (all New Mexico,) Y  3
Allowance for leaves of absence,sickness, and other
casualties 6
56
I earnestly recommend that in section eighteen
of the bill, "forty" be stricken out and " sixty " sub-
stituted.
Besides these it will be necessary to retain for a time
twenty additional paymasters, to meet the volunteer
demand above named, of referred claims and Audi-
tor's certificates. For the retention of these so long
as they may be needed, for the purpose indicated, it
is believed that further legislation is not necessary.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, B. W. BRICE,
Paymaster General.
Hon. Henry Wilson, Chairman Military Committee
United States Senate.
Mr. WILS ON. B efore the bill was reported,
it was pressed upon us very strongly to make a
larger number of paymasters than we were dis-
posed to do. In fact we were disposed to cut
down every department to the lowest possible
number of officers that they could get along
with. Since this bill was reported, as I have
said, I have received this letter from General
Brice. The Senate has heard it read, and they
know General Brice, his industry and his char-
acter. and how his department is managed. He
wants sixty paymasters instead of forty. He
now has twenty-five. This bill increases the
number to forty, but he asks for sixty. I told
him I did not believe we could increase it so
largely as that.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill makes the number
forty-five.
Mr. WILSON. _ That includes the deputies.
I think if we put it at fifty, they can get along,
and I am disposed to strike out "forty" and
