2710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
usual annual appropriations for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, accept this bill as
an amendment to that, I shall, Mr. President,
after bavin? now called the attention of the
Senate to the subject-matter, permit the bill to
be passed over informally for the present.
The kindred measure, likewise so important
to the preservation of the navigation of the
upper Mississippi river, which some time since
I presented to the Senate—I mean the Senate
joint resolution No. G-i, in these words: ^
Whereas the Mississippi river is one of the greatest
highways of inland commerce in the world, affording,
together with its connecting rivers, many thousands
of miles ot navigable waters for the chcap transpor-
tation of agricultural, mineral, manufacturing', and
Other bulky products; and whereas to insure safely
and economy in such transit the navigation of said
stream must bo protected from all obstructions,
whether natural or artificial, especially as the meth-
ods of transfer on barges towed by steamers, and
rcquiiing mueh largcr channel-way than heretofore,
are now coming in to general use on the western rivers:
and whereas the necessities of land travel and rail-
way connection render it very desirable that the
proper steps should be taken for bridging said stream
at such points as may bo found practicable for effect-
ing continuous freight line3 from west to east, and
under such conditions of si ructnre, as to height, chan-
nel-way, position of piers, and plan of operation,
whether by draw or otherwise, as will not, by any
possibility, operato to render the navigation of said
stream dangerous to the lives of passengers or the
safety ot cargoes; and whereas it is proper that the
Congiessof the United States should protect the nav-
igation of this highway of inland waters from the
obstructions of private persons or interested corpora-
tions, and vet should concede such privileges in re-
gard to bridging the same as may not interfere with
the ri?htfai claims of river commerce, and in order
to do so should bo furnished with accurate informa-
tion on the points stated to guide its legislation and
prevent it from doing any wrong in the premises:
Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in ConQraff as-
sembled, That tho Secretary of War bo directed to
appoint a commission, to consist of three officers of
tho corps of Engineers of the Army, to examine and
roport at tho present session ot Congress, if practica-
ble, and if not, before the next session of Congress,
upon th osubj cct o f th e construction of railroad bridges
across the Mi-s&iss'ipplrivcr at such localities and upon
such plans of construction as will offer the least im-
pediment to fho navigation of the river; and that the
sum ot SiO.UOO, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, be, and the same is hereby, appropj iatcd, out
of#any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to defray the expenses of said commission.
I trust it may receive the favorable consid-
eration of that committee and be ingrafted as
an amendment upon the bill now before them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho bill
will be regarded as postponed for the present, |
no objection being made to that course.
quartermaster gexeral's clerks.
Mr.^ "WILSON. I move to take up the Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 96, providing for the
transfer of ecrtain clerks to the office of the
Quartermaster General.
The motion was agreed to; and tho joint
resolution was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of tho Whole. It
provides that thirty-seven clerks of the first
class, two of the second class, and one of the
fourth class, from the ordnance department,
ten of the first, class from the subsistence de-
partment, and four of the first class from the
office of the Secretary of War, shall be trans-
ferred to tho office of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, and proposes to appropriate £65,800 for
the payment of their salaries for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1807.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Where does this come
from?
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say in regard
to this matter that the resolution is based upon
a recommendation of General Meigs. Ho
desired to have these clerks classed higher, but
the committee thought they would transfer
them to nia office in the same classes they are
in at present.
Mr. I- b^SENDBN. I ask whether the mat-
ter has been submitted to and received the
approbation of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WILSON. It was sent to us indorsed
by the Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Approved by liiin?
Mr. WILSON. I undci.-stood so.
Mr. LE5SENDEN. I tiunic. from the recent
coui-so taken with regard to the clerk* in the
different Departments, that the proper place
for this measure would be on one of the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires that
course to bo taken, I have no objection to let-
ting this resolution lie over and be put upon
tho Army appropriation bill when it comes
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Army appropri-
ation bill.is here.
Mr. WILSON. It can lie over until we take
up that bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the mean time I
think the Committee on Military Affairs had
better inquire whether it meets the approbation
of the Secretary of War. I am very unwilling
to act in matters of this kind until they receive
the real approbation and recommendation of
the head of the Department.
Mr. WILSON. The resolution was sent to
us by the War Department. I accept, how-
ever, the suggestion of the Senator from Maine,
and will consent to this resolution lying on the
table for the present, and I will make an effort
to have it put upon the Army appropriation
bill when it comes up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid upon the table, if there be no
objection.
reconstruction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to make a re-
mark to Senators, in consequence of the notice
which I gave a week ago that I should to-day
call up the joint resolution reported by the
committee on reconstruction, which has already
been passed by the House of Representatives.
I am obliged, to-day, to ask the indulgence of
the Senate, and to say that I shall not desire
them to proceed with that matter until Wed-
nesday. I am utterly unable, myself, to take
charge of it; but whatever may be my own
condition on Wednesday, I shall expect the
Senate to proceed with the consideration of the
subject. I defer calling it up until Wednesday
morning, when I hope to have the attention of
the Senate to it.
.military academy appointments.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the House
joint resolution No. 13-1, relative to appoint-
ments to the Military Academy of the United
Steres.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint res-
olution was considered as in Committee of the
"Whole. It provides that hereafter the age for
the admission of cadets to the United States
Military Academy shall be between seventeen
and twenty-two years ; but any person who has
served honorably and faithfully not less than
one year as an officer or enlisted man in the
Army of the United States, either as a volun-
teer or in the regular service, in the late war
for the suppression of the rebellion, and who
possesses tho other qualifications prescribed by
law, shall be eligible to appointment up to the
age of twenty-four years. Cadets at the Mili-
tary Academy are hereafter to be appointed one
year in a'dvance of the time of their admission,
except in cases where, by reason of death or
other cause, a vacancy occurs which cannot be
thus provided for by an appointment in advance:
but no pay or allowance is to be made to any
such appointee until he shall be regularly ad-
mitted on examination as now provided by
law ; nor is this provision to apply to appoint-
ments to be made in tho present year. In addi-
tion to the requirements necessary for admis-
sion as provided by the third section of the act
making further provisions for the corps of Engi-
neers, approved April 29,1812, candidates shall
be required to have a knowledge of the elements
of English grammar, of descriptive geography,
particularly of our own country, and of the his-
tory of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. "Will the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs state
what is the reason for requiring the appoint-
ments to be made a year in advance?
Mr. WILSON. This joint resolution comes
from the Committee on Military Affairs of the
House of Representatives. The chairman of
that committee was last year, a member of
the Board of Visitors at West Point, and was
very anxious to have the changes made in tho
law which this resolution proposes. Tho first
change is to raise the minimum age of admis-
sion from sixteen to seventeen, so that boys
shall not enter so young as heretofore, but
shall be more mature. Then it provides that
young men_ who have served in the Army,
either as officers or as soldiers, may be admit-
ted up to twenty-four years of age. The ob-
ject of the provision requiring the appoint-
ments to bo made a year in advance is to giva
the persons appointed an opportunity during
that year to lit themselves to enter th£ Acad-
emy. Then the resolution provides for increas-
ing the standard of admission now required.
Very little is required by this increase. 1 think
it "ought to be much larger than it is, and that
the institution ought not to be a primary school;
it ought to be a higher sch ool; but there is objec-
tion to that. The increase here provided for
is very slight indeed—English grammar, his-
tory of the United States, and small matters
of that kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will permit me to ask him if there is no quali-
fication required now. There is, I think, a
pretty rigid one.
Mr. WILSON. But very little qualifications
are required now. This is an addition to those
qualifications. I should like the Secretary to
read that portion of the joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of that portion of the joint resolution being
asked for, it will be again read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the reading of that
section, I wish to call the attention of the Senator
from Massachusetts for a moment to the fact,
and I suppose it will be recollected by him, that
the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Axthoxy]
presented to the Senate, at the iast session, a
proposition, which had a good deal of strength
in the body, changing the mode of appointing
cadets to West Point. It was then presented
to the Senate under circumstances which pre-
vented its full consideration. I was not will-
ing to support it at that time, because its merits
could not then be fully understood and con-
sidered. It was proposed as an amendment
to an appropriation bill. All Senators know
that the proposition could not very wolf be
considered in that connection, with tho opposi-
tion to it as legislation upon an appropria-
tion bill; but as it is a very important prop-
osition, I think, more important, perhaps, than
any provision of this bill, if it have any merit
at all, it is due to the Senator from Rhode
Island that wc should wait until he returns be-
fore we propose to change the present plan. I
cannot slate to the Senate what was the prop-
osition of the Senator from Rhode Island, but
I think it was that there should be a board in
each State for the examination of candidates;
that the member of Congress from the district
should present the names of a certain number
of young men, and those young men should
go before the board, and should be examined
with a view to their physical qualifications for
the military service, their intellectual qualifi-
cations and capacity, and also with regard to
their education; that they should be examined
by the board in advance, so as to prevent so
many failures in tho institution. I am not
prepared to say that I am in favor of the prop-
osition of tlfe Seifator from Rhode Island ; but
to say tho least, it is worthy of the considera-
tion of the Senate; and if the Senator from
Massachusetts will not object, I will move to
postpone this bill for a reasonable time until
the Senator from Rhode Island shall return.
Mr. WILSON. I have certainly no objec-
tion to the bill going over for that purpose,
although I must say to the Senator that I ex-
pect little to come of the postponement. It
will be found very difficult to devise any {dan
that will be satisfactory to Congress, and es-
pecially to the House of Representatives,
changing the mode of appointment of cadets
at West Point. However, at this stage, I will
allow the bill to lie over. It is from the
House of Representatives; no amendment is
