686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ness. The infinite folly must be corrected
among us, if for no higher reason than because
it is unprofitable. But it is contrary to nature,
and on this account renders the whole social
system insecure. WhereHuman Rights are set
at naught there can be no tranquillity except
that of force, which is despotism. This most
reasonable conclusion is sustained by the phi-
losophy of history, which, speaking by one of
its oracles, the great Italian Vico tells us most
sententiously that " nothing out of its natural
state can either easily subsist or last long."
Truer words were never uttered as a, statement
of philosophy or as a warning to injustice en-
acted into law.
GOOD AND GLORY OF THE REPUBLIC.
_ Mr. President, already I have taken too much
time, and still the great theme, in its various
and multitudinous relations, continues to open
before us. At each step it rises in some new
aspect—assuming every shape of interest and
of duty—now with voice of command and then
with voice of persuasion. The national se-
curity, the national faith, the good of the freed-
mau, the concerns of business, agriculture, jus-
tice, peace, reconciliation, obedience to God —
such are some of the forms it takes. In the
name of all these, I speak to-day, hoping to do
something for my country, and especially for
that unhappy portion which has been arrayed in
arms against us. The people there are my fel-
low-citizens, and gladly would 1 hail them, if
they would permit it, as no longer a " section,''
no longer "the South," but an integral part
of the Republic—under a Constitution which
knows no North and no South and cannot tol-
erate any '• sectional" pretensions. Gladly do
I offer my best efforts in all sincerity for their
welfare. But I see clearly that there is noth-
ing in the compass of mortal power so impor-
tant to them in every respect, morally, politi-
cally, and economically—that there is nothing
with sueli certain promise to them of beneficent
results—that there is nothing so sure to make
their land smile with industry and fertility as
the decree of Equal Rights which I now invoke.
Let the decree go forth to cover them with bless-
ings, sure to descend upon their children in
successive generations. They have given us
war; we give them peace. They have raged
against us in the name of Slavery. We send
them back the benediction of Justice for all.
They menace hate; we offer in return all the
sacred charities of country together with ob-
livion of the past. This is our " Measure for
Measure." '1 his is our retaliation. This is our
only revenge.
And here, I hope to bo pardoned if I stop
fo r one moment to express my unfailing confi-
dence in the triumph of the cause. Timid or
perverse counsels may postpone the gladsome
consummation ; but the contest now begun can
end only when slavery is completely trans-
formed by a metamorphosis, which shall sub-
stitute Justice for Injustice, Riches for Poverty,
and Beauty for Deformity. From history we
learn, not only the Past, but the Future. By
the study of what has been we know what must
be, according to unerring law. Call it, if you
please, the logic of events, and infer the inev-
itable conclusion. Or call it, if you please, the
Rule of Three, and from the results of certain
forces determine the proportionate results of
increased forces. There can be no mistake in
the answer. And so it is plain that the Equal
Rights of All will be established. Amid all
seeming vicissitudes the work goes on. Soon
or late the final victory will be won. I believe
soon. Speeches cannot stop it: crafty machin-
ations cannot change it. Against its irresisti-
ble movement politicians are as impotent as
those old conjurors, who imagined that,
"J>y rhymes they could pull down full soon,
iJi'ora lofty s«cy the wading moon/'
These verses, which shine on the black-letter
page of the great lawyer, Sir Edward Coke,
aptiv describe the incantations of our day to
pall down Justice from her lofty sky. It can-
not be done. In this conviction I can observe
what comes to pass without losing faith. I can
listen with composure to arguments which ought
not to be made, and I can see with equal com-
posure how individual opinions hesitate between
Congress and the President. It is not to the
oscillations of the pendulum that we look for
the measure of time, but to the face of the pub-
lic clock and the striking of the church bell.
The indications of that clock and the striking
of that bell leave no room for doubt.
In the fearful tragedy now drawing to a close
there is a destiny, stern and irresistible as that
of the Greek Drama, which seems to master
all that is done, hurrying on the death of Sla-
very and its whole brood of sin. There is also
a Christian Providence which watches this bat-
tle for right, caring especially for the poor and
downtrodden who have no helper. The freed-
man still writhing under cruel oppression now
lifts his voice to God the avenger. It is for us
to save ourselves from righteous judgment.
Never with impunity can you outrage human
nature. Our country, which is guilty still, is
paying still the grievous penalty. Therefore
by every motive of self-preservation we are
summoned to be just. And thus is the cause
associated indissolubly \vilh the national life.
But in saving the Republic we elevate it. In
overthrowing an oppressive injustice we give full
scope to the principles of our government and
fulfill that "Idea of a perfect Commonwealth,"
which has entered into the visions of philoso-
phy and poetry. "I am all that has been, that
is, and that shall be, and none among mortals
has hitherto lifted my veil;" such was the
enigma cut on the pavement of the temple of
Minerva. For ages it remained unanswered;
hut the answer is now at hand. The Republic
is all that has been, that is, aud that shall be;
and it is your duty to lift the veil. To do less
than this were a failure, for such was the aspi-
ration anil promise of the lathers when they as-
sumed their first vows in the family of nations.
To do this will fix the example of American
Institutions. So long as slavery endured, it
was impossible; so long as a Black Code, the
wretched counterpart of slavery, endures in
any form, it is impossible. To attain this idea
wo must proclaim the rule of Justice. Slavery
thus far has been the very pivot, round which
the Republic has revolved, while all its policy
at home and abroad has radiated from this ter-
rible center. Hereafter the Equal Rights of
All will lake the place of Slavery, and the lie-
public will revol\ e on this glorious pivot, whose
infinite, far-reaching radiations will be the hap-
piness of the Human Family. There is nothing
that the imagination can picture which will not
be ours. Where justice is supreme nothing can
be wanting. There will be room for every
business aud for every charity. The fields will
nod with increase ; industry will be quickened
to unimagined success, and life itself will be
raised to a higher service. There will be that
repose which comes from harmony, and also
that simplicity which comes from one prevail-
ing law. both of which are essential to the idea,
of the Republic. Our country will cease to be
a patchwork where different. States vary in the
rights they accord, and will become a Plural
Unit with one Constitution, one Liberty, and
one Universal Franchise. With all these things
the Republic will be a synonym for justice aud
peace, for these things will be inseparable from
its name. In our longings we need not repair
to philosophy or poetry. Nor need we go back
to the memorable sage, who declared that the
best government was where every citizen rushed
to the defense of the humblest as if he were
the State, for all this will be ours. Nor need
we go back to that patriot king, in ancient
tragedy, who, inspired by the Republican idea,
exclaimed:
"The people I made supreme,
Aud on this city with an equal right
For all to vote, its freedom have bestowed."
Here at last, among us, all this will be assured,
j and the Republic will be of such renown and
virtue that all at home or abroad who bear the
American name may exclaim with more than
Roman pride, "lam an American citizen,''
and if danger approaches, they may repeat the
same cry with more than Roman confidence,
knowing well that this title will be a sufficient
protection.
EQUAL RIGHTS OF ALL.
Sir, it is for you now to determine if all this
shall be fulfilled. The whole case is before you
in its grandeur and in its humanity, infinite as
human aspirations, beautiful as the vision of a
Republic. Do not turn away from it. Vindi-
cate the great cause, I intreatyou, by the sup-
pression of all oligarchical pretensions and the
establishment of those Equal Rights, without
which Republican Government is a name only,
and nothing more. Strike at the Black Code,
as you have already struck at the Slave Code.
There is nothing to choose between them.
Strike at once; strike hard. You lia\e already
proclaimed Emancipation; proclaim Enfran-
chisement also. And do not stultify yourselves
by setting at naught the practical principle of
the Fathers, that all just government stands only
on the consent of the governed, and its insep-
arable corollary, that taxation without repre-
sentation is tyranny. What was once true is
true forever, although wc may for a lime lose
sight of it, and this is the case with those im-
perishable truths to which you have been, alasl
so indifferent. Thus far the work is only half
done. See that it is finished. Save the freed-
man from the outrage which is his daily life.
As a slave he was " a tool without a soul." lf
you have ceased to treat him according to this
ancient definition, it is only because you treat
him even as something less. In your cruel phi-
losophy he is only a "cipher," without the
protection which the slave sometimes found in
the self-interest of the master, or, rather let me
say he is only a " cipher" where rights are
concerned, but a numeral counted by millions
where taxes are to be paid. The freed wan is
compelled not only to pay taxes: he must fight
also, and lie must obey the laws; three things
which he cannot escape. But, according to the
primal principle of Republican Government,
lie has an indefeasible right to a \ oice in de-
termining how to be taxed, when to fight, and
what laws to obey, all of which can be secured
only through the ballot. Thus again, do I re-
turn to the same conclusion, which meets us at
every point and every stage, as a commandment
which cannot be disobeyed.
Would you secure all the just fruits of this
terrible war and trample out the Rebellion in
its pernicious assumptions, as in its arms?
Then do not hesitate; and this is the last
stage of the argument. The Rebellion began ill
two assumptions, both proceeding from South
Carolina : first, the sovereignty of the States,
with the pretended right of secession ; and,
secondly, the superiority of the white race,
with the pretended right of Caste, Oligarchy,
and Monopoly, on account of color. The first
was often announced in every way. The sec-
ond showed itself at the beginning, when South
Carolina alone, among the thirteen States, al-
lowed her Constitution to be degraded by an
exclusion on account of color; but it did not
receive an authoritative statement until a later
day, when that wicked evangelist, Mr. Calhoun,
taking issue with the Declaration of Independ-
ence, audaciously announced in the Senate that
to declarc all were born free and equal was
" the most dangerous of all political errors;
and that it had done more to retard the cause
of civilization, and is doing more at present
than all other causes combined ; thai we now
begin to experience the danger of admitting so
great an error to have a place in the Declara-
tion of Independence." (Calhoun's Speeches,
vol. iv, p. 54.) These two assumptions are
kindred in effrontery. All agree that the dogma
of State sovereignty must be repelled ; but this
is less offensive than that other dogma, having
the same origin, that the Declaration of Inde-
pendence is "the most dangerous of all polit-
ical errors." To repel such an effrontery is
not enough ; it must be scorned.
The gospel, according to Calhoun, is only
another statement of the imposture, that this
august Republic, founded to sustain the rights
