1866.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ■ GLOBE.-
271
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
The Constitution and the Union—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
Brazelton denies this act.
This was executed upon me by delivery at
my office in Paducah, Kentucky. This is but
one of hundreds issued by that incarnate fiend
Paine, by which thousands were imprisoned,
robbed, pillaged, and plundered.
Kentucky, with all her sufferings and wrongs,
inflicted by those who profess to be her friends,
has remained as true as the needle to the pole
to the Union and the Constitution. Still she
is taunted by upstarts as disloyal. You won-
der that Kentucky complains at the treatment
she has received at the hands of the Federal
Government. She does complain with just and
holy cause. Every promise and pledge made to
her was made only to be broken ; every right
and privilege, however dear and inalienable to
her under the Constitution, has been trampled
under foot with scorn and contempt. Can you
wonder she complains? It is the consequence
of your own infliction of wrongs.
" The blood will follow where the knife is driven,
Ihe flesh will quiver where the pincer tears/'
Your friendship to her has been worse than
hostility. She feels its embrace by the pressure
of her fetters. I am only amazed that she submits
to such tyranny and usurpation. Forbearance
will ere long cease to be a virtue. She lias peti-
tioned respectfully iu time of war; she was told
to wait until the war was over; that was not the
time. We now petition in time of peace to
make and execute our own laws. We are told
the war is not yet over. Our remonstrances
were first mocked and construed into treason,
then into impudence and audacity. Why do you
by your legislation draw invidious distinctions
between Kentucky and her loyal sister States
of the North? Was it because she refused to be
precipitated into revolution and join her kin-
dred and friends of the- South, but adhered
unfalteringly to the Union and Constitution,
offering and sacrificing upon every battle-field
her heroic and gallant sons that the nation
might live? Is this the justice you would have
meted out to you? Is it justice? Nay, sir; it
is base ingratitude.
The faith that has been kept with Kentucky
has been only Punic faith. The Government
by solemn enactment of law agreed to pay the
loyal States for the slaves which voluntarily
enlisted or were forced into the Army. Under
this law Maryland and Delaware were partially
compensated for their lost property. But Ken-
tucky has never been paid to this day. The
late President forbid the appointment of com-
missioners to adjust the claims of citizens of
my State : and notwithstanding there are mil-
lions of dollars in the fund set apart for this
purpose, she has not been paid, and never will
be in my opinion, if the majority here shall
remain in ppwer.
There have been many things done in Ken-
tucky that I do not indorse, that never were
indorsed by a majority of her people. But
throughout this entire conflict a majority of
her noble and gallant sons have heroically and
defiantly stood by the principles of self-gov-
ernment so indelibly impressed upon them by
the tcaehngs of her immiortal and patriotic
sires. She was the first-born of Virginia, that
mother of States and of statesmen, which con-
tributed more to establish this Government
than any other State. Virginia gave to the
United State*. in a spirit of patriotism and
undying love for the Constitution, an empire—
the Northwest Territory—now comprising the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
and Wisconsin, represented on this floor by
fifty-six Keprcsentativcs, in the other end of
this Capitol by ten Senators. By this act she
gave that rich and valuable country to the
United States. Little did Virginia then dream
or believe that the children of her common
country, aided by her bounty aud enjoying the
richest legacy ever enjoyed by any people in
the world, would sc soon and so far forget their
duty to themselves, their country, and benefac-
tor, as to now turn upon her with passion and
malignity to drive her, mutilated as she is,
from the Union and the Constitution of her
fathers, levying onerous and unequal taxes
upon her charred ruins, denying her repre-
sentation as a coequal State. Honor and
justice revolt at such ingratitude. This fell
spirit would drive your mothers from your
houses and homes, making them wanderers
and outcasts, with no place to lay their weary,
devoted heads.
The dominant party here treat with scorn
and derision the declared policy of the Presi-
dent and the people of the North and South.
They have placed the Government of the Con-
stitution in abeyance, and its legislative and
executivefunetions^rre usurped by a revolution-
ary cabal who, in obedience to caucus, govern
the nation through the forms of a directory.
The right of each State to regulate the qualifica-
tions of its electors is denied, the will of the
people of the District of Columbia is overrid-
den ; and by an almost unanimous vote they
are for according to the negro equal political
rights with the white man. The initial step,
in my opinion, to a war of races has been
taken, and a consolidated Government looms
up in the future, if it be not already accom-
plished.
Sir, if the rights and powers claimed by the'
majority here for the Federal Government be
not restrained, then, indeed, have we become a
grand military centralized despotism, with no
restraint upon the fury of passion or venality
of party warfare. If you have a right by con-
stitutional amendment to take my private prop-
erty without compensation, either for public
use or not; if you have the right, under your
Freedmen's Bureau frill, by despotic agents, to
invade the States in times of profound peace,
take my land, arrest, fine, and imprison me,
denying me the right of suffrage, the writ of
habeas corpus, trial by jury, or bail, then I
fear indeed the Union is gone, our liberties
forever lost. If they have authority thus to
act they can with the same impunity create
titles of nobility, declare Butler king or Fred.
Douglass emperor, repudiate the public debt,
abolish trial by jury. What may they not do?
We are told by the majority in their fury
and frenzy that President Johnson's infrac-
tions of the Constitution in England would
have cost him his head. They should remem-
ber and ponder upon it well, aud not forget
that they have heads also, and that history
often repeats itself. We are informed that
some instances have occurred when the gal-
lows and guillotine were used contrary to the
wishes of the inventors for the execution of
the builders and makers. I know of no better
guide for the future than the past. While we
adhered to the Constitution we had peace,
wealth, prosperity, and happiness, challenging
and commanding the respect and admiration
of the world, our commerce whitened every sea,
our proud flag waved honored and respected
in every port. Why is this not so to-day ? The
war is over. You can trace all our troubles
and trials to this one sourcc—disobedience to
our own Constitution and laws.
Sir, when we demand that our Constitution
and laws shall be respected and obeyed, ought
we not to respect and obey them ourselves?
You have whipped South Carolina and the
other seceded States into obedience under our
Constitution and laws. We require them to
pay taxes, we require them to do more in the
way of tribute to the Government than we
require from New England. What do you
give them in return? Nothing but insult,
cruelty, and oppression. You declare them
aliens and foreigners. You pass unjust laws
to impoverish, degrade, and finally destroy
them as a people.
By the resolution passed by Congress and
by this House on the 22d day of July, 1861, it
was solemnly asserted by the Congress of the
United States that the war was prosecuted not
to oppress, nor to conquer, nor to subjugate, nor
to overthrow, nor to interfere with the rights
of the States, but to defend and maintain the
Constitution and preserve the Union with all
the dignity, equality, and rights of the several '
States unimpaired. When accomplished, the'
war ought to cease.
On the Oth of February 1863, President Lin-
coln authorized Secretary Seward to make the
following important avowal, among other
things, in reply to an offer of mediation be-
tween the United States and the confederate
States made by the French Government:
" 'Wehavoherc, in thepolitieal sense, noJTorthand
South, no northern and southern States." * *
* * "The Congress of the United States fur-
nishes a constitutional forum for debate between
alienated parties. Senators and llepresentatives
from the loyal portion of thepoople arc there already,
freely empowered to confer; and seats also are va-
cant, and inviting Sonators and Representatives of
this discontented party, who may bi' constitutionally
sent there from the States involved in the insurrec-
tion."
These declarations contain the whole gist of
the policy, not only .of President Lincoln, but
of the Government, as declared by the three
great departments, legislative, executive, and
judicial.
Does the Government stand by these solemn
pledges made to the North, South, East, and
West, and to the world? Did not Congress
and Mr. Seward, the organ of the Government,
hereby and herein declare that we accepted
the war to make good and defend the Con-
stitution and guaranty the State governments
with all their dignity, equality, and rights
unimpaired? Was this resolution an offi-
cial declaration issued to deceive and inveigle
into the Army the true men of the country
who held the principles therein contained?
Was this a deliberate falsehood or a solemn
farce, to be changed with new scenery in an-
other act, or were they high, holy, and national
manifestoes to the people of the States and the
world of the purpose and object for which the
war was waged? I must weep for my country
if she, when reason resumes its throne, shall
then repudiate and renounce these solemn
pledges thus expressed, and turn the whole
power of the Government upon one section,
and crucify States and Slate institutions, which
cost such fearful sacrifices of blood and treas-
ure, and which she undertook to protect and
save through all time.
It is said the States of the South seceded
and formed a new so-called government. They
did, and we declared these acts null and void.
They appealed to the sword—so did we—and
submitted the question to the arbitrament of
war and the God of battles. The result is be-
fore the world and a part of the history of the
country. The decree should now be rendered
that the Union is saved, the Constitution is
saved, the States are saved, with the rights of
every citizen in this land preserved, with the
eleven stars of the South upon that glorious
old flag shining with renewed splendor and
glory. Desecrate not that flag, I entreat you,
by mutilation or by tearing from its folds eleven
or one single star; let it continue to greet the
breezes of heaven as the ensign of thirty-six
coequal States united by a just Government,
shedding its blessings upon all like the dews
of heaven. Let there be one refuge secure
from tyranny and oppression; let that glori-
ous refuge be here in the United States of
America.
I have ever believed and sincerely believe
to-day that the only way or hope to save this
Union and preserve the life of the nation will
be to preserve inviolate the Constitution. Tell
me not that you can preserve my life alter you
have torn out my heart; it is as idle to talk of
preserving this nation by overthrowing her Con-
stitution. Under no circumstance conceiva-
ble by the human mind have I or would I ever
violate that Constitution for any purpose. I
