1866/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
Geoghegan told the truth or notin regard to this
arrangement with Tracy, but merely to 'ascer-
tain whether he voted "for him or for Barr, so
that the man who of all others' knew whether
• Geoghegan was telling the truth or not, was
called by the sitting member, and was exam-
ined by him about everything else, but the
sitting member failed to ask him whether Geo-
ghegan's story was true. If the story of Geo-
ghegan be true, if the story of Russell Myers bo
true, if the story of Tracy, his own witness,
be true, then out of these 389 votes 110 were
fraudulent.
Then arises the question, what will you do
with the poll when you know more than one in
four of the votes is fraudulent? You cannot
tell for whom 'the fraudulent, votes were east,
except the 30 which, if Geoghegan is to be
believed, were cast for the sitting member. If
80 be deducted from the votes of the sitting
member, 86 fraudulent votes still remain un-
accounted for. They were cast either for the
sitting member, the contestant, or Mr. I law.
There is no means of telling for whom they were
east. Shall we count the whole, poll, three hon-
est votes to one fraudulent, or shall we say,
"This fraud, like frauds wc have had in cases
coming before us heretofore, so taints the bal-
lot-box that, having no means by which it can
be purged, we cannot tell what the truth is; we
cannot tell for which of these three candidates
those 8G votes were cast; and we do not propose
to count a poll in which one fourth of all the
votes are shown to bo fraudulent?'' Besides,
the throwing out of this vote docs not alter the
result, while it goes far to show that the conclu-
sions as to the other polls are correct. Under
these circumstances, the committee were, of
opinion that, following the precedents which
they have adopted, and which have been sanc-
tioned by the House, they must reject this poll.
"With the rejection of these two jiolls there
is a majority of 105 votes for the contestant.
If you omit this last poll altogether, there is a
majority of Hi. If you deduct the 30 votes
which, if Geoghegan is to be believed, were
cast for the sitting member, that increases the
majority to 40. The committee, coming to this
conclusion, entertain no doubt 1,hut they have
given effect to every legal vote east in that dis-
trict. They have tendered to the parties the
opportunity to sliow every legal vote cast, if
they will show for whom the voles were east.
Mr. THAYER. I want to ask the chair-
man of the committee—for it is impossible,
of course, that members can read a voluminous
mass of testimony like this—whether any effort
was made in the ease of which the gentleman
has just been speaking, to correct the return
by calling the, actual legal voters who cast
their votes at that poll and to show how they
voted.
Mr. DAWES. Not in this precinct.
Mr. THAYKE. I mean in this precinct. I
understand this poll to have been thrown out
entirely, as being so fraudulent tljat it was im-
possible for the committee to give any credit
to it. I wish to know whether any attempt
was made to correct the poll by calling those
who were entitled to vote and who had cast
their voles at that poll.
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; no such attempt
was made by either party; the attempt was
made in other precincts.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. We called up voter after voter from that
precinct wdio swore to having voted for me. I
can read the testimony.
Mr. THAYER. There seems to be an issue
of fact here. I should like to know how the
truth is, because it seems to me a matter of
some importance in forming my opinion on
this question.
Mr. DAWES. The sitting member, I sup-
pose, can refer to the evidence. If any votes
were proved in that way, they should have
been counted.
Mr. SCOEIELD. In the Indiana ease, a
few weeks ago, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Thayer] objected to evidence of
that kind.
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; I did not object
to such evidence. I maintained that where
you throw out election papers, lists of voters,
tally-lists, aud everything connected with the
poll, you have no right to gotoworkandmake
a new return by calling Tom, Dick, and Harry
to testify for whom they voted. I hold that
you cannot do that legally.
I simply wish to inquire of the chairman
whether an effort was made, whether success-
fully or not, to show the legal voters in this
election division by calling those voters them-
selves.
Mr. DAWES. I have answered according
to my examination of the facts. The sitting
member will call my attention to any correction
of fact which may exist. I now vie Id the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Illinois
will yield to mo for a moment, so that I may
read a particular case. T have, not time now to
investigate particularly the testimony in the
smaller book. I will read:
" William Kelly sworn.
"Kxamiued by Mv. Anthon:
" Question. "Where do you reside?
" uiiituctir. Fortieth street, between First and Sec-
ond avenues.
"Question. Are 5-011 a legal voter in the seventh
district, ward?
Yes, sir; 3 hnve been a legal voter sinco
James K. Polk was elected.
" Question. And voted in that district ever since?
" Aiisiccr. No, sir; I camo from Manhattanville.
" Question. Tlow long: in the twenty-first ward?
"A/imccr. The twenty-first ward used to be the
eighteenth: 1 have been voting about twenty years
in that ward.
" Question. Bo you live in the nineteenth ward?
" A n«n f-r. No, sir; in the twenty-first ward ?
" Question. If any man snys you live in the nine-
teenth ward, what do, you say of him?
" I say he is a perjurer, sir."
The same testimony will be found by others
further on. But I will trace this fully and ask
the attention of the House to it hereafter.
Mr. DAWES. Does it say whom ho voted
for
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir; he says ho voted
for me.
Mr. DAWES. He does not say so hero.
Mr. BROOKS. I will have time to show
that. I f the gentleman had read the testimony
he would have found it.
Mr. DAWES. It does not say so in this
deposition.
Mr. BROOKS. There are two or three
other depositions.
Mr. DAWES. That is the difficulty we
labored under. YiTe could not find for whom
the men voted.
Mr. THAYER. That is the point I partic-
ularly inquired about.
EVENING SESSION DISPENSED WTT1I.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, chairman of the
Committee of Elections, whether lie is willing
to go 011 to-night with this debate.
Mr. DAWES. Personally, I have no objec-
tion. I leave that, to those who propose to
participate in the debate.
Mr. STEVENS. 'Then I shall make no
motion to dispense with the evening session.
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair is informed of
several gentlemen who desire to speak on this
case, perhaps two or three outs;ide of the com-
mittee.
Mr. STEVENS. Under the circumstances
I do not propose to make any motion.
The SPEAKER. Then there will be a night
session. j
Mr. CONKLING. T will move the House ;
adjourn, if no other member makes that mo- |
tion. I know of several gentlemen beside j
myself who would like very much to hear this .
discussion, but who this evening are compelled
to "engage in what wo deem pressing and im- !
portant labor in committee. The appoint- |
ment was made without any suspicion there i
was to be an evening session. j
Mr. DAWES. So far as I am concerned I |
do not object. j
Mr. CONKLING. I move, then, to dis- j
pense with the evening session, j
The motion was agreed to. I
NEW YORK CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. M ARSH ALL addressed the Hoitse in sup-
port of the resolution offered by the minority as"
a substitute for the resolution reported by the
committee. [His remarks wiR be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. MARSHALL. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has spoken fifty-five minutes and is entitled
to five minutes more.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have but little more
time unless my time sfcall be extended.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time will
probably be extended.
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.
Mr. GARFIlSLD, by unanimous consent,
from (lie select committee on the subject, re-
ported back, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, the bill to establish a Depart-
ment of Education.
'The substitute was ordered to be printed, and
the bill was recommitted to the select committee.
Mr. GARFIELD offered a resolution for the
•printing of one thousand extra copies of the
substitute; which was referred, under the law,
to the Committee on Printing.
WITHDRAWAL 01' PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. DARLING, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the case of the Mercan-
tile Insurance Company of New York.
On motion of Mr. LAFLIN, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers relating to the claim of A. Garland.
And then, on motion of Mr. WARD, (at
twenty-five minutes after four o'clock p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, <5rc., wore presented under
the nil e and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BKAAt A N : The remonstrance of 13. Smith,
and 15o others, citizens of Washteuaw and Lenawee
counties, in the State of Michigan, against applying
any part of the Amboy, Lansing, and Traverse Bay
railroad land grant on the tine, of that road between
Lansingand -foiic-ville in said State, and against re-
newing; the said grant to tlic Amboy, Lansing, and
Traverse, Bay .Railroad Company.
Also, the lenionstraiioo of C. WiilbrMge,O. Rob-
inson, and ItK others, citizens of Washtenaw county,
Michigan, to the same effect.
By Mr. COOlv: The petition of citizens of Will
county, Illinois, praymgfor the passage of a law reg-
ulating insurances. ,
Also, the petition of citizens of Kankakee, Illinois,
on the saute subject. _ . w ^
By Mr. 1)A RLlNli: The petition of Daniel W. Lee,
for relief and pay.
Also, the petition of Charles Pirley, of New York,
for compensation and redress for the use of his in-
vention in the submarine gunboat Spuyten JDuyvil,
built by the Navy Department.
By Mi. DAVIS: The petition of Jacob P. Clark,
Lester Jack-son, and 37 others, citizens of Onondaga
county, New York, praying for increased protection
to American wool.
A! - o, a like petition of Leonard P. Field, Oscar
Belding, and 56 others, citizens of Onondaga county.
Aiso, a like petition of II. W. Hotchkiss, M. W.
llotchkiss, and 57 others, citizens of said county.
By Mr. DELANO: The petition and evidence of
Mrs. Lucy B. Sinclair, a loyal citizen of Culpepper
Court-Ilouse, Virginia, piaying indemnity and com-
pensation for damages to premises and use of prop-
erty by the army of the Potomac.
Also, the petition oi Mrs. Anna del? cuville Evans,
of Misi-issippi, praying indemnity for the destruction
of premise- and use of property by United States mil-
itnry aiithoiitirs. T T , ,
BvMr. DENNY: A memorial of the Legislature
of Wo-iun-non Territory in relation to a road from
Cathlemet to Olvmpia.
Al*o, one relating to a military road from Wnlopa,
to Black i iver. . ,
Al-o, one n4:iiu- an appropriation to build a light-
house at Hray's Ilalbor.
Also, a joint resolution relative to a change ot the
port of entry in Washington Territory.
Bv Mr. DltlGCIS: The petition of Hon. George C.
•Tones, and 30 others, citizens of Ontonagon. Lake
Superior, Michigan, to have a law passed regulating
insurance between the States.
Also, the petition of 1'. M. Everett, and 50 others,
citizens 01 Marquette, Lake Superior, Michigan, for
a law to regulate insurance between the States.
By Mr. DONNELLY : Joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of Minnesota, in favor of the
pav of eel tain oilkcrs .md men in the late war.
Also, joint resolutions of the same, asking Congress
for a grant of land 10 aid in the construction of a ship-
