1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3671
insert'' fifty.'' I believe we can get along with |
that number. At any rate, at the next session
of Congress, which is but a few months off, we
can increase the number if necessary. I there-
fore move in section eighteen, line seven, to
strike out "forty" and insert "fifty."
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see why the let-
ter of the Paymaster General on a point of this
kind should not be conclusive. He says he
cannot get along with less than sixty paymas-
ters with our troops spread over the continent
from Maine to the Pacific. It seems to me his
reasons are reasonable, and I should be dis-
posed to comply with his request. This is a
military matter, and I generally follow the com-
mittee on such questions; but the Paymaster
General, with a full knowledge of the service,
and with this bill before him, tells us that to
discharge this particular duty, he wants sixty
paymasters, and I am rather disposed to give
him the number he asks for. He certainly
ought to know %vhat number will be required.
He has no motive in the world for increasing
his corps. Certainly, the mere difference of
controlling a force of forty or sixty paymasters
would not induce a good man, asho undoubtedly
is in that position, to ask for an unreasonable
number. If it is in order, I will move to amend
the amendment by inserting "sixty."
Mr. WILSON. I certainly have no objection
to complying with General Brice's request. I
think he has managed his office, since he has
entered upon it, with great ability and great
vigor, energy, and system, and I have great
confidence in anything that he says. My only
anxiety is that I do not want to load down this
bill so much that we shall have difficulty in get-
ting it through. If, however, the Senate believe
that wo ought to have sixty paymasters, I cer-
tainly shall not object to it. 1 thought he might
get along with fifty at present, and at the next
session if he found himself burdened, we could
add ten more.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator that
lie may relieve him in that respect by striking
out these assistant and deputy paymasters,who
are to enjoy the rank of colonels and lieutenant
colonels, a rank that has never been held in our
service, and is not held intlie British service
by any paymaster, and giving that additional
number of paymasters with the rank named
here, which will save the expense.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee if there is any difficulty
in retaining a sufficient number of the volun-
teer paymasters until the next session of Con-
gress to do the work up to that time, and then
we can fix the number which will be required
by the regular Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These paymasters are
to be selected from the volunteer paymasters.
I will ask tho chairman if there is not such a
provision in the bill. If there is not, there
certainly ought to be.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that wo have now two deputy pay-
masters general with the rank of lieutenant
colonel, and this bill gives two assistants in
addition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the title of
those paymasters?
Mr. WILSON. They were deputy paymasters.^
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean paymasters of
volunteers. What was their title?
Mr. WILSON. They were majors in rank.
They were assistant paymasters.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The paymasters pro-
vided for in this bill ought to be selected from
those who have served as additional paymas-
ters.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. Will this phraselogy satisfy
what the Senator from Maine desires: "and
fifty paymasters, with tho rank, pay, and emol-
uments of majors of cavalry, to be selected
from those who have served as additional pay-
masters?''
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator from
Massachusetts would modify his amendment
still further. I suppose there will be a dozen
applications for every vacancy, and they ought
not to be appointed by political favor, but by
merit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And therefore they
ought to be confined to those who have served.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly; but among
those who have served the selection should
be on account of merit.
Mr. WILSON. I will say, " to be selected
from those who have served as additional pay-
masters."
Mr. ANTHONY. But every man who has
served as an additional paymaster would not
be fitted for this position. There ought to be
a proper age required, and the person best
qualified and having the best record ought to
have the place.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to have my amend-
ment read as it now stands.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section eighteen, lino seven, to strike
out " forty" and insert " fifty," and at tho end
of the section to insert "to be selected from
persons who have served as additional pay-
masters ;" so that the clause will read:
And fifty paymasters, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of majors of cavalry,.to be selected from
persons who have served as additional paymasters.
Mr. SHERMAN. I moved to amend the
amendment by making the number "sixty,"
and I understood that that was accepted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does tho
Senator from Massachusetts so vary his amend-
ment?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Tho ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment as amended; so
as to make tho clause read:
And sixty paymasters with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of majors of cavalry, to ho selected lroiu
persons who have served as additional paymasters.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
whether he ought not to add the words "for
two years."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope wo shall not do
that. Some who may have only served a year
may have shown their ability in such a way as
to prove that they are the best fitted for the
position.
Mr. SHERMAN. I mention two years be-
cause that was the rule adopted in the Navy.
I think that probably a year's servicc would
scarcely give them sufficient experience, but
two years' service, when the war lasted four,
would in all probability give them the amount
of experience required.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that when this
matter has been discussed with reference to
the selection of additional paymasters the prob-
ability was that there would be one from the
State of Maine, and public opinion settled upon
two men, who were believed to be altogether
the best men on the whole list, and I doubt
whether one of these men, a man of peculiar
ability, and who has distinguished himself,
would be able to come in if we were to fix
the limitation at two years. The Paymaster
General is tho best judge.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was found necessary
to pass an amendatory act in regard to the
Navy. The Secretary of the Navy said that
the limitation of two years cut off some of the
best officers. I think there ought to bo a lim-
itation as to age. I think a man of fifty or
sixty years of ago ought not to be put in to go
on the retired list shortly afterward.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state, for tho informa-
tion of the Senate, another fact found in con-
nection with the paymasters in the Navy. A
very large proportion of these same paymas-
ters who had actcd as such, and who wore sup-
posed to bo very efficient, when they were
sent before a board and examined failed to
pass the examination. They lacked the ca-
pacity and qualifications necessary. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts propose to send
those paymasters before any board of exam-
iners ?
Mr. WILSON. The bill provides that tho
persons appointed to these offices shall be ex-
amined by a board.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. I now offer the amend-
ment which I offered a short time since, to add
as an additional section the following:
And be it f iirtlier enacted. That all the officers who
have served during the rebellion asvolunteers in the
armies of the United States, and who havo been, or
hereafter may be, honorably mustered out of the vol-
unteer service, shall be entitled to bear the official
titles upon occasions of ceremony, and wear the uni-
form of the highe-st. grade they have hold by brevet
or other commission m the volunteer service. In tho
case of officers of the regular Army, the volunteer
lank shall be entered upon the official Army roll:
Provided, That these privileges shall not entitlo an
officer to command, pay, or emoluments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KTRKWOOD. I call the attention of
the chairman of the committee to the fifth sec-
tion, which provides—
That the appointments to be made from among
volunteer officers and soldiers under the provisions
of this act phallbo distributed among the States, Ter-
ritories, and District of Columbia in proportion to tho
number of troops furnished by them respectively to
the service of tho United States during the late war.
It proposes to distribute the appointments to
be made among the States in the proportion to
the number of troops furnished by the States
respectively during the war. It seems to me
that may work great injustice. Some of the
States put into the service a large number of
troops who were nine months' men.
Mr. WILSON. They arc all to be measured
by the three years' standard.
Mr. KIlllvWOOD. That is what I wish to
havo the section do. In Iowa we put in no
regiments for less than three years, except those
under the seventy-five thousand call and some,
hundred-day men during 181U, but the others
were all throe years' men. I move to add to
this section those words, " reduced to an aver-
age of three years' term of service."
Mr. WILSON. T have no objection to the
amendment, but I think it unnecessary.
Mr. CONNESS. This section, if allowed
to remain in the bill—I am aware there is
an amendment ponding, but I wish to call
attention to it now — will do the State. of
California, at least, a great deal of injustice;
and I wish to call tho attention of tho chair-
mail of the Committee oil Military Affairs to
it. That State, owing to its geographical posi-
tion, did not furnish its proportion of troops
during tho war, but it was not the fault of the
State. Tho State furnished all the regiments
that they were called upon to furnish, and in
addition to that the Government refused tend-
ers of regiments who offered to come here to
go into the field and pay their own expenses
for transportation to get into the field. Now,
I submit that such a State, having a population
so willing to enter the service and to reach tho
field of operations, should not be, by ancspe-
eial provision, prevented from participating in
some other proper proportion in the number
of officers that, should be furnished to the
Army. I submit this seriously to the chairman
and to the Senate. I have not determined on
just what language would be necessary; but
the Government, or the Administration, con-
stantly refused to rcceivc more than the num-
ber of troops that was necessary for distribu-
tion on the Pacific slope, because, as was stated
by the Administration and by the War Depart-
ment, it was essential and of the first impor-
tance to maintain peace and preserve the indus-
tries of that coast during the war, and therefore
they decided that that country could not spare
its able-bodied men to he sent here. Again
and again regiment after regiment of our vol-
unteers made application, and offered to pay
the expenses of their transportation here to
get into the field. Six hundred of our citizens
enlisted in the Massachusetts service for the
sake of getting into the field, making up part
of the quota of that State. Now, I submit
there cannot be any justice in this fifth section
unless it be changed. 1 have no objection, of
course, to the pending amendment to tho sec-
tion, but before we shall take a vote upon it I
