1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
* ca.nal connecting the waters of Lake Superior with
Portage Lake.
Also, joint resolutions of the same, in relation to tiie
establishment of alidit-iiouse on LakeSuperior.
By Air. BtlGLESTON: The petition of William
Beam, and 70 others, carpenters of the city of Cin-
cinnati, praying lor the passage of a law to compel
all carpenters who engage on steamboats (as such
when the boats are running) to obtain a license there-
for from a board of inspectors.
By Mr. FARNS WORTH: Thepetition of citizens of
Kane county, Illinois, for increased tariff upon wool.
Also, the petition of D. W. Young, mayor of Au-
rora, Illinois, and 200 others, in favor of eight houis
being fixed for a legal day's work, by laborers for the
Government. A
By Mr. HART : The petition of 168 citizens of the
town of Yates, Orleans county, New York, askinglor
an increa&ed duty on wool.
Also, the petition of 49 qjtizens of Clarendon, Or-
leans county, for the same.
Also, the petition ot 1,000 citizens and working-men
asking that eight hours be established as the regular
time of a day's work.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of 441 citizcns and
laboring men of Janesville, Wisconsin, asking that
eight hours shall bo fixed as a lawful day's work as to
all Government employes.
Also, the like petition of 573 citizens and laboring
men of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
By Mr. KASSON: The petition of N. S. Bates, II.
C. Nutt, A. L. Deming, and other leading citizens of
Council Bluffs, Iowa, for national regulation of inter-
State insurance.
By Mr, KETCIIAM: The petition of CorncliusBor-
tle, and others, of Columbia county, New York, for
the passageof alawregulatinginter-Stateinsurance.
< By Mr. LO N"GYE AR: The remonstrance of C. W ar-
riner, V. M.Bostwick, &ndll2otliers, citizensof Jack-
son county, Michigan, against applying any part of
the 4mboy,Lansing, and TravcrseBay railroad grant,
• ori the line of that road, between Lansing and Jones-
ville, and againstrenewing thessiid grant tothe Am-
boy, Lansing, and Traverse Bay Railroad Company.
By Mr. MARSTON: The petition of George Cooke,
and (JOothuis, citizensof ltoc.hiislcr._New Hampshire,
all mechanics and laborersm American manufactur-
ing establishments, praying for an amendment of the
tariff so as to protect their labor to the extent oi the
difference in the cost of capital and labor here and
abroad.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of William J. Lee,
for payment of money hcclaimsduehim by contract.
By Mr. O'NEILL : Resolutions of the Philadelphia
Board of Trade, approving of the acceptance by the
Government of the United States ol the invitation of
the Emperor uf the French to participate m the Paiis
Exposition of 1867. and hopinglor alibcral appropri-
ation, so that a proper display may be made in it of
the products of our country.
By Mr. PRIOl'J: Tho petition of citizens of Cedar
county, Iowa, asking for the passage of a law regu-
lating inter-,State insuraivco of all kinds.
By Mr. RANDALL, oi Kentucky: The petition of
Andrew Herd, and others, of the fourteenth Kentucky
cavalry, ior the passage of an act requiring the pay-
ment jof bounties to them, agreeably to the terms of
their enlistment.
By Mr. RAYMOND: The memorial of a large
number ol'mauufacturcrs of clothing, boots and shoes,
hats and caps, umbiellas, cloaks, shirts, &c,, of the
cities ot New York. Troy, Rochester, Utiea, Balti-
more, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Chicago, Detroit,
Danbury, Norwal-k, and New Haven, praying lor an
abrogation of the excise on the products of their
manufacture, and the substitution of a manufac-
turer's licciihe therefor.
#Also, the memoual of the Bank for Savings in the
city of New York, and six other savings banks, in
the said city and Brooklyn; praying for the repeal
of the law subjecting the deposits in said banks to
taxation.
By Mr.. ROSS: The petition of D. D. Hicks, and
others, of Pttlsiield, Illinois, for the passage of a law
regulating inter-State insurance.
By Mr. SLOAN: The petition of Lucius Farchild,
and 86 other?, citizcns of Wisconsin, praying that a
commission may he appointed to go to Europe to in-
vestigate the rinderpest with a view to the piotection
of the cattle in this counti y from that disease.
Also, the petition of Daniel Cloud, and others,
citizens of Wisconsin, asking that cumulative taxes
on agricultural implements may be .abrogated.
Also, the. petition of R. T. Graves, and 84 others,
citizensof Wisconsin, praying for increased duties on
imported wool.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of R. P.
Eldndge, Giies Hubbard, and 24 others, citizens of
Macomb county, Michigan, asking for increased
dm res on ioreign wool.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of 180 citizens of Niagara county, New York, asking
an increasedrlntv on wool.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens
of Barringtcm, Cook county, for a national insurance
company.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 4, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. A. B. Gillette, D. D., of
"Washington.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Post-
master General, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 3d in-
stant, Information in regard to the oath required
to be taken by persons in the employ of that
Department; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore alsot laid
before the Senate a message of the President
of the United States, transmitting a report of
the Secretary of War, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 7th of March,
I860, respecting the improvement of the Wash-
ington city canal, to promote the health of the
metropolis; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
committee service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tn com-
pliance with the order of the Senate directing
the Chair to fill up the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, the Chair will announce the appointment of
Mr. Henderson, chairman, Mr. Grimes, and
Mr. Buckalew.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Michael Steam, and sixty others, citizens of
Kansas, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from American City to Rock Creek, in
that State ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the establish-
ment of a daily mail route from Medina to
Leavenworth, and also for the establishment
of a daily mail route from Lawrence to Grass-
hopper Falls, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Kansas, for the establishment of a mail route
from Pleasant Hill, Missouri, to Baldwin City,
Kansas; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kansas, praying for the establishment of a
post route from Ottawa to Mound City, in that
State; winch was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 present, also, a petition
from Governor Murphy, of Arkansas, Mr.
Robert J. T. White, secretary of state, A. W.
Bishop, adjutant general, Major General J. J.
Reynolds, and various other citizens of Arkan-
sas, asking that the grant of lands to that State
given some years ago to aid in building certain
milroads, and which has now reverted to the
(Jnitcd States in consequence of the roads not
being completed within the time prescribed,
may be revived. I move its reference to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented two petitions
of citizens of West Virginia, prayingthat semi-
annual terms of the district Federal courts may
be held at Parkersburg, in that State ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of Caleb
Cope, president of the Philadelphia Saving
Fund Society, and others, praying that the
internal revenue laws may be so amended as
to exempt banks of deposit and loan from tax-
ation ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of members of
the bar of Indiana county, and a petition of
members of the bar of Pittsburg, Pennsylva-
nia, praying that the salary of the judge of the
district court of the United States for tjje
western district of Pennsylvania may be in-
creased; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of inhabitants
of Oswayo, in the State of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for an amendment to the United States
Constitution which will prevent any State from
making any distinction in civil rights and priv-
ileges on account of race, color^ o? descent;
which was referred to the committee on recon-
struction.
He also presented a petition of mechanics
and laborers in American manufacturing estab-
lishments, signed by William Colbert, Charles ■
Treese, and others, praying that the tariff act
may be so amended as to protect American
labor; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of Campbell &
Thayer, and others, manufacturers of linseed
oil in the city of New York, praying that the
tariff on foreign linseed oil may be increased j
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade in the city of Philadelphia, praying
for an amendment to the internal revenue laws
•so that taxes upon the various industrial pro-
cesses involved in articles of manufacture may
fall upon those who make the several processes;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the petition of Stephen R.
Parkhurst, praying for an extension of his pat-
ent for ginning cotton and burring wool; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Moses A. Commins, and others, citizens of
Fairfax county, Virginia, who were Unionists
during the late war, praying for indemnity for
losses sustained by them by reason of the mili-
tary occupation of that section; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying Congress to im-
pose such conditions upon the rebel States as
shall punish treason at least with ineligibility
to office and loss of power, and reward loyalty
with confidence and honor, and which shall
demand as an evidence of loyalty on the part
of those States the abolition of all distinctions
in their constitutions and laws on account of
color or race j which was referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer another peti-
tion from citizens of Philadelphia, chiefly con-
nected with literature, among them some ladies
well known as authoresses—Sarah Josepha
Hale, Grace Greenwood, and Ann S. Stephens
—asking for the adoption by Congress of an in-
ternational copyright law. I ask the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
It was so referred.
Mr. WADE. I pi-esent a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Ohio, praying Con-
gress—
I. Not to restore any State that has rebelled and
warred against the United States to its place in power
as a governing partner in the Union till adequate
security has been obtained against its renewing the
attempt to sccede.
II. Not to allow any distinction on aecount of color
or descent in th# 1 aws or municipal regulations of the
District of Columbia.
III. To propose for ratification by the several States
amendments to the Constitution, substantially aa
follows:
1. The Union of the United States of America shall
he perpetual.
2. If, by the constitution or laws of any State, per-
sons are denied, on account of their race or color, the
right of voting equally with others, then those in-
habitants of that race or color shall not be counted
in determining its number of Representatives in
Congress.
3. That the- national faith of the Union shall ho
forever sacred; and any State which shall be here-
after admitted or restored to this Union shall thereby,
as it becomes a partner in the national power and
treasure, assume its proportionate share of the na-
tional responsibilities.
. 4. That no State which shall hereafter be admitted
into this Union, or which may have attempted to
withdraw from it, shall make any distinction in its
constitution, laws, or municipal regulations, on ac-
count of color or descent, or any payments, either by
the State or the United States, for emancipated slaves.
5. Congress shall have power to enforce these arti-
cles by appropriate legislation.
I move that this petition be referred to the
committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Edmund F. Prentiss, of the second Rhode
