3672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
wish to have time to consider what language
will be necessary to prevent _us from being cut
off, as proposed now in this section, from a
proper proportion of the officers required under
this act.
Mr. IvIRKWOOD. Let this amendment be
made and then offer your amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not our fault that we
have not furnished our full proportion of troops.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that, and I
appreciate the Senator's argument; but does
the Senator suggest an amendment ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir. I will consult
with you about it.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Let this other amend-
ment be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting in the nineteenth line of section
four, on page4, after the word "by," the words
"accidentor;" so that it will read, "disabled
by accident or wounds received or disease con-
tracted in the line of duty during the war."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does that refer
to, the Veteran Reserves?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to make the same
amendment in section eight, line nine, on page
C, by inserting the words "accident or" after
the word "by."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following as a new
section to come in after the fourth section :
And be it farther enacted. That ill tho selection of
officers to be appointed under tile provisions of this
act, offiecrs of tho regular Army who havo eom-
niimiled volunteer troops may bo counted as officers
of volunteers or as officers of Uio regular Army.
I will stale that this is the amendment which
was offered by tho Senafor from Maine [Mr.
Feskexhex] when a similar bill was before tho
Senate a few months ago and adopted by the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to tho pro-
vision in relation to the Veteran Reserves. It
looks to mo as though that provision needed
some amendment. I will state the objection
that occurs to my mind. I do not propose any
amendment, but I merely want to call the at-
tention of the Military Committee to tho sub-
ject. If [ understand it, the effect of tho pro-
vision will be simply to select a number of
oflieers as officers of the Veteran Reserve corps
who may immediately and probably will very
soon be placed upon the retired list. Tho
officers appointed, particularly tho field officers
of the Veteran Reserve corps, will be entitled
to the same promotion into other regiments as
any oilier officers. A gentleman is appointed
a colonel, a lieutenant colonel, or a major of
a regiment of the Veteran Reserve corps, and
in a little while he is entitled to promotion, and
he is promoted mto one of the other regiments,
and then he comes within the provisions of the
law on the subject of retiring officers; and the
effect of this bill is going to be, if I can under-
stand its operation, to put a number of wounded
officers now out of tho service upon the retired
list to receive their pay as officers of tho Army.
May not all the officers appointed in these three
regiments be retired, placed upon the retired
list, within a year after they are appointed?
What is to prevent their being retired the first
time a board is appointed for the purpose of ex-
amining officers? I think that will be the imme-
diate effect of it. The officers to be appointed
are those "who have been disabled by wounds
received or disease contracted in the line of
duty during the war." Any officer who is not
capable of marching, who is not capable of
performing active duty, is to be retired by the
law as it now stands. Every one of these officers
may be retired under the provisions of the ex-
isting law at once after they are appointed.
Mr. WILSON. It will ba in the power of
the Government to retire them. I take it
that is so. There is a provision here simply
for three regiments of Veteran Reserves. I
think that is more than will ever be raised. I
have not the slightest idea that you can raise
three regiments of Veteran Reserves during
the next three years.
Mr. GRIMES. You can raise a regiment
of veteran officers.
Mr. WILSON. I know, but we provide
here for three regiments, and they are to be
officered by persons who have been wounded
in the line of duty or who have incurred
disease in the line of duty.
Mr. HARRIS. Let roe state that the law
is that an officer who is found by a board to
be incapacitated for active services shall be
retired; and now you are about putting three
regiments under officers who are incapacitated
from active service.
Mr. WILSON. My judgment about this
whole matter of the Veteran Reserve corps is
that there is nothing in the claim which is set
up on their behalf, and I think any one who
reflects on it will come to that conclusion. As
a reward for officers, it amounts to very little.
We have enough wounded officers, men of
intelligence and character, to officer a hundred
regiments at least. But there has been a great
deal said about having a few of these Veteran
Reserve regiments, and we have put it at three
regiments. 1 am willing that the Senator from
New York may propose such a limitation as
he deems proper; but the object is to have
three of these regiments who shall do a certain
kind of duty at posts.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire whether the
men who are to be enlisted into these regi-
ments>are also expected to be disabled.
Mr. WILSON. That was the original idea.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that the idea the Military
Committee recommend us to adopt?
Mr. "WILSON. They are generally soldiers
who have received some wound in the war.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any provision to
that effect in tho bill?
Mr. WILSON. I think there is.
Mr. GRIMES. If there be not then I under-
take to say they must be able-bodied men,
under tho general laws which require the in-
spection and examination of every recruit who
presents himself to be recruited into the ser-
vice, and wo shall be placed in the anomalous
position of having an army of lions led by a
goat for a leader; that is, we are to have three
regiments of stout, able-bodied men, readyand
willing to perform efficient service, to be led
by men who are "disabled;" in other words,
unable to do duty, for that 1 understand to be
the meaning of the word "disabled."
Mr. CONNESS. There is no proposition,
I believe, on this subject before the Senate,
and in the moan time I offer this proviso, to
come in at tho end of the fifth section of the
bill:
Provided, That the regulation provided in this
section governing tho proportion of officers to be
selected lrom each Stato shall not bo applied to
the States of California, Oregon, and Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to-
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out
tho twelfth section of the bill. That section is
in these words:
f?rc. J 3. And be it further enacted, That the Bureau
of Military -Justice shall hereafter consist of one
judge advocate general, with tiio rank, pay, and
emoluments of a brigadier general, and one assistant
judge advocato general, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a colonel of cavalry; and tho said
judge advocate general shall reccive, revise, and
have recorded, tho proceedings of all courts-martial,
courts of inquiry, and military commissions, and shall
perform such other duties as have heretofore been
performed by the judge advocato general of the Army.
And of the judge advocates now in office there may
beretained anumber not exceeding ten, to be selected
by the Secretary of War, who shall perform their
duties under the direction of the judge advocate gen-
eral, until otherwise provided by law, or until tho
Secretary of War shall decide that their services can
be dispensed with.
Mr. President, we went through the revolu-
tionary war, we went through the war of 1812,
we went through the war with Mexico, and we
did not find it necessary even in time of war
to have any Bureau of Military Justice. Some-
thing like a Bureau of Military Justice, I be-
lieve, was claimed to have been established
during the late civil war. But we are now at
peace; this bill has reference to a time of
peace, and not to a time of war ; and the prop-
osition is now made in this section to recog-
nize "military commissions." Sir, I do not
believe Congress has the power under any cir-
cumstances to establish military commissions,
and certainly not for the purpose of trying
civilians. There are now languishing at the
penitentiary in Albany some men who, for a
disturbance occasioned in Alexandria about
Christmas, civilians never connected with the
Army of the United States or any other army
that I ever heard of, were tried, not according
to the municipal law, not according to the law
of Virginia for violating the law of that State,
but tried by a military commission, authorized,
I suppose, by the Secretary of War. Those
young men, unfortunately being white, while
those engaged in conflict with them were
negroes, were sentenced to the penitentiary in
Albany, and there languish to-day away from
their friends. I have no hesitation in saying
that every person who acted as a member of
that military commission is liable to a civil
suit by every man who has been sent to that
penitentiary; and they would be unjust to
themselves, and their kindred would be un-
just to "tli080 young men, if they do not vin-
dicate their rights before a civil tribunal. If
that military commission had gone further and
sentenced those young men to be executed,
and they had been executed, every man who
sat as a member of that military commission
would have been guilty of murder, according
to the law of the land.
There is no authority in this Government to
try any civilian by military commission either
in time of peace or time of war; and he who
does it, he who authorizes it, whether he be
President, whether he be Secretary of War,
whether lie be a member of a board of com-
mission, is guilty of an offense against the law
of the land ; in tho instance I have given, liable
to damages; in a case where life is taken,
guilty of murder.
Now, Mr. President, I object to this section
because in the first place it recognizes as an
established institution (if I may so speak) in
times of peace a Bureau of Military Justice.
Sir, it never occurred to the framers of this
Government, it never occurred to the able men
under whose guidance it grew and expanded
until it became one of tho greatest nations of
tho earth, that there was any necessity for the
establishment of a Bureau of Military Justice.
What is this Bureau of Military Justice as prac-
tically operated ? It is a receptacle for the in-
formation of spies and informers against peace-
able and quiet citizens. Could its doors be
opened to tho light of day and could the pub-
lic see what is there recorded and piled away
it would "make each particular hair to stand
on end." I have no doubt that if we could
get a look into the records of that bureau we
should be amazed.
But now, sir, in time of peace, because your
bill expressly contemplates a time of peace,
you propose to recognize as valid trial by mil-
itary commission. You do not even confine
it to trials of persons engaged in the Army and
Navy, in the military service of the country;
but we all know that these military commis-
sions have heretofore exercised jurisdiction
over civilians, people in nowise connected
with your Army or Navy; and having done
so in the past, if you recognize these commis-
sions by a solemn act of legislation, it will be
presumed that they are to be continued in the
future. The volumes of English State Trials
are very large ; and if you do not wish to have
the volumes of American State Trials equally
large keep out of your acts of Congress, out
of j'our public law, provisions which must ne-
cessarily lead to state trials, criminal trials; and
you ought also to keep out such provisions as
will necessarily lead to litigation in the courts
of justice.
