1866.
the vommmmmAh moBm.
The section provides that the bureau " shall
perform such other duties us have heretofore
been performed by the Jndge Advocate Gen-
eral of the Army." The Judge Advocate Gen-
eral has decided it to be his duty to try civil-
ians by military commission; and it will be
claimed, if this section is adopted, that Con-
gress having conferred, upon this Bureau of
Military. Justice power to perform the duties
which the Judge Advocate General has hereto-
fore performed, he as its head will, in his om-
nipotence of pow<?r, sanctioned by legislative'
enactment, have a right to try civilians by mil-
itary commission.
Mr. President, it is useless to say that the
public liberty is in danger. There is very little
public liberty in this country. With such en-
actments as this, grossly violative of the funda-
mental law, authorizing the establishment of
tribunals to try men in civil life never contem-
plated by the Constitution of the country, in
favor, of which no voice among the sages of the
past' was ever uttered, it is useless to say that
tliere'is such a thing as civil liberty existing.
You may say that the hand of power is not
actually applied to the citizen, at the present
moment; but that country is not free, liberty -
does not exist in that country where the citizen
is subject at any time to be called before an
illegal tribunal and to be visited with the se-
verest punishment. In the name of liberty I
protest against it. In the name of the Consti-
tution of my country I protest against it. In
the name of the thousands of aching hearts
who- have suffered from the arbitrary action of
these military commissions I protest against
it. Sir, there come up weeping and wailing
to-day from the loathsome penitentiaries of
your land from persons ihere immured ille-
gally, unlawfully, unconstitutionally, a protest
against the recognition by Congress of such a
tribunal as this. And could all the tears that
have been caused to flow by the action of this
Military Justice Bureau be gathered into one
great reservoir every member of that bureau
might swim in it. It is nothing but an engine
of oppression. The man who is now at the
head of it has shown great alacrity in doing
the work of vengeance.
I appeal to the American Senate not to rec-
ognize in a solemn enactment of Congress the
validity of such a tribunal as this. Your fathers
never recognized it. No statesman fipm the
foundation of the Government until the late
civil war ever dreamed of putting into practical
operation any military commission within the
limits of the United States. It was never
dreamed that persons not connected with the
Army or the Navy wore subject to be drawn,
violently, unlawfully drawn before a few men,
selected in many instances no doubt with a view
to their known proclivity to a conviction.
What chance, I ask you, sir, has a civilian that
is brought before one of these military commis-
sions for a fair and impartial trial. The Con-
stitution of your country provides that every
man not connected with your military or naval
forces shall be entitled to the right of trial by
jury; and yet, notwithstanding that provision,
notwithstanding that a jury of the country act-
ing under the instructions of a court is much
more competent to administer justice fairly
than a -military -commission, the spectacle is
presented to the American people of persons
- not connected with the land or naval forces
■ being denied this constitutional privilege and
being called before these military commissions;
and of whom are they composed in the main?
Men learned in the law ? Men qualified by long
habits of study of the principles of law to decide
properly? No, sir, but generally composed of
military men without legal education, men who
undertake to decide upon the great questions
of evidence which frequently arise upon criin-
inal trials, and to determine those great prin-
ciples of criminal law which have been laid
down by the master minds of the profession.
There certainly can be no necessity for the
continuance of any such bureau as this in time
of peace. You never had it before in time of
peace or time of war; and is there more neces-
sity now when you fere at peace at home and
at peace with all the nations of the earth ? Is
there any more necessity now in time of peaee
that you shall have such an anomaly in yonr
history as a Bureau of Military Justice estab-
lished as a firm, continued institution of the"
country. Why, sir, it is placing in the hands
of those who administer the Government abso-
lute, despotic power. Some spy may give in-
formation that some crime, some offense against
the authority, of the United States lias been
committed, and immediately if so disposed
those who administer the Government may
select out (because there is no limitation upon
the choice of those selected as commissioners)
any complacent tools in the Army that they
see proper and arraign the purest and most
exalted citizen in the laud before such an illegal
tribunal as this; and tell me, in view of the past
action of this bureau, what chance has the citi-
zen for justice or for safety before such a com-
mission i Sir, after you have done this go at
once, get the guillotine, incorporate it as one
of the institutions of the country. The one is
no more offensive to the genius and spirit of
American liberty than the other; the one is no
more foreign to the past history of the country
than the other; and the one is no more danger-
ous to the-liberty of the citizen than' the other.
I had hoped, Mr. President, that when the
civil war was'over, when peace had returned
to bless the land, the spirit of cruelty which
had characterized the legislation of Congress
and the action of those intrusted with the ex-
ecution of the law would have been satisfied,
that fraternal feeling might be restored, and
that that priceless liberty which we formerly
enjoyed under a written Constitution might
again be our portion. If you recognize the
validity of such a bureau as this, with such
powers as it has exercised heretofore, with
such powers as we are warranted in believing
it will continue to exercise in the future, your
boasted liberty is but a name; it does not
exist in reality. While this act shall stand
upon your statute-book with this section in it,
talk not to me of liberty, talk not of constitu-
tional liberty anywhere, talk not about giving
republican institutions to a neighboring nation,
boast not your superiority over the despotisms
of the Old World; but go, sir, abandon that
liberty, falsely so called, which you enjoy, and
seek safety and repose in law well understood
and faithfully administered. Yv'ith such a pro-
vision as this incorporated into the acts of Con-
gress, and practically carried into effect by
those empowered so to carry it, England is a
paradise to the United States of America, and
there is not a civilized Government that (if the
thing is practically carried out in the future as
it has been in the past) will not be a compara-
tive paradise to the United States of America.
It is no answer to say that the powers here
conferred will not be abused. 1 have confi-
dence—more than most of the Senators upon
this floor—in the present Chief Executive
Magistrate of the United States. I do not
believe that he himself, had ho the time to
investigate these matters and determine in
reference to them, would abuse any power;
but he has not had the time to look into these
matters. The head of your Bureau of Military
Justice is the all-powerful instrument that is to
work this engine of oppression. Private mal-
ice may be gratified; an innocent man may
suffer, suffer wrongfully, suffer even unto death
by the action of the head of this bureau, and
there is no redress.
I invoke the Senate to strike out this section
of the bill. Let us be rid of this instrument of
oppression in the future. If the time should
ever again come when it shall be necessary to
invoke such extraordinary powers for the sal-
vation of the country, and a future Congress
should deem it expedient and wise, they will
have the power to restore this machinery and
can do so; but now, sir, in time of peace, I
beseech you, abandon it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President 
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire simply to offer an
amendment which will come in as a part of the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
propose to insert it after the word service ' ''
in the amendment proposed by that Seilator-——- '
Mr. SAULSBURY. Can I not have a Vote-
on my motion ? - •• :
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The motion^ as l
understand it, of the Senator from- Delaware
ia to strike,out the twelfth section of the bill;
That is the motion pending. When a voteshall'
be taken on that, then the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota will be ift order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota proposes an amendment,
but it has not yet been read, and the Chair
cannot determine on its applicability until" it'
has been read.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is an amendment
to another amendment, not the amendment
pending now of the Senator from Delaware, as
I understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read to settle its character.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment
of Mr. Ramsey, which was to amendthe amend-
ment adopted on motion of Mr. Nesmith- as
the thirty-third section of the bill, by-inserting;
after the word "service" the following-words:
And privates who have served three years and
been honorably discharged, shall, upon, like occa-
sion, he entitled to the honorary rank of first lieu-
tenant and wear the uniform of that grade, and at
the expiration of fivo years from the 9th of April,
1885, shall be entitled to the honorary rank, o£ cap-
tain.
The PRESIDENT ■pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment is not now in order. The
question is on the amendment proposed by ths
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The vote was taken
on the mdtion of the Senator from Oregon and
that was passed. This is an amendment to
that, intervening between the amendment of
the Senator from Delaware and a vote that had
already been passed, as I understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Delaware moves to strike out the
twelfth section of the bill. That is the motion
before the Senate. The proposed amendment
of the Senator from Minnesota is not an amend-
ment to that amendment, and therefore is not
in order.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I will only say a
few words in reference to the twelfth section.
The twelfth section proposes to continue in
operation the Bureau of Military Justice. The
Senator from Delaware moves to strike out
that section, which will have the effect to abol-
ish at this time the Bureau of Military Jus-
tice, and he denounces in terms of great ability
and considerable bitterness the organization of
military commissions for the trial of certain
offenses.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I referred to no par-
ticular individual.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Of course not. The
Senator is always too parliamentary for that.
Now, Mr. President, what has been the his-
tory of military trials in times past? From the
very beginning of the Government the Rules
and Articles of War authorized the organization
of courts-martial and courts of inquiry, and in
the administration of military law it was found
necessary to appoint some officer of theGov-
ernmcnt who should alike represent the inter-
ests of the Government and protect the rights
of the individual, and that officer was palled a
judge advocate, and he was selected for each
special trial by appointment of the_ command-
ing general or of the Secretary of War. So the
administration of military justice stood at the
beginning of the present rebellion. There has
been no military trial without a judge advocate.
At the close of the session of 18G3, I think,
we organized the Bureau of Military Justice,
authorizing the appointment of a Judge Advo-
cate General and certain assistant judge advo-
cates general, who should discharge the duties
of judge advocates to the ordinary courts-mar-
tial, under the rules and regulations for the gov-
ernment of the Army. That is the provision,
of the law as it now stands.
This bill proposes to i-cduce the number of
