1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1753
Island infantry, praying for a bounty of fjlOO,
ta which he claims to be entitled; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
. Mr. MO BRILL presented a petition of brew-
ers of the District of Columbia, praying for the
passage of an act incorporating the Brewers'
Association of the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of United
States assistant assessors of the first district
of Illinois, praying for an increase of pavj
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented.a petitio0of citizens of
Illinois, praying for the enactment of just and
equal laws for the regulation of inter-State
insurances of all kinds; which was inferred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRAG IN presented the petition of Jane
E. Miles, widow of William D. Miles, praying
to be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr, CLARK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (II. R.
No. 238) to amend an act entitled ;!An act
relating to habeas corpus, and regulating judi-
cial proceedings in certain eased," approved
March 3, 1868, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (H.
B. No. 206) granting a pension to Mrs. Isa-
bella Fogg, of the State of Maine, reported it
without amendment.
He also, front the same committee, to whom
was referred the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill of the Senate (S.
No. S2) granting a pension to Sarah Fitzgib-
bon, reported it with a recommendation that
the Senate concur therein.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Aaron Van Camp and Virginius P. Chapin,
praying for indemnity for the alleged illegal
seizure and confiscation of their property at
Apia, in the Navigator's Islands, by the United
States consul at those islands, submitted an
adverse report; which -was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (II.
R. No. ll) to facilitate, commercial, postal,
and military communication among the several
States, repotted it without amendment.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 175} to incorporate, the Pharma-
ceutical Association of the District of Colum-
bia, reported te without amendment.
report recommitted.
Mr. I'OMEROY. I move that the report
of the Committee on Claims, on the petition
of Clara Moore, widow of Ely Moore, deceased,
praying for the payment to her of the amount
of the claim of her husband for sums paid for
additional clerks and office accommodations
in the register's ofiice in Lecompton, Douglas
county, Kansas, be recommitted to that com-
mittee with the papers which have been re-
ceived since the report was made. The case
was reported upon before those papers were
received.
The motion was agreed to, and the report
•was recommitted, and the additional papers
referred to the Committee on Claims.
bills introduced.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 212) to amend an act entitled "An act
making a grant of alternate sections of the pub-
lic lauds to the State of Michigan to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said Stale,
and for other purposes," approved June 3,
1856; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 243) to extend the time for the reversion
to the United States of the lands granted by
Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing,
to some point on or near Traverse bay, in the
State of Michigan, and for the completion of
said road ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 244) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the city of Stockton to
the town of Copperopolis, in the State of Cali-
fornia ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 245) to incorporate the Brewers' Associa-
tion of the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
He also asked, afid by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 216)
relating to public schools in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 247)
donating certain lots in the city of Washington
for schools for colored children in the District
of Columbia; which was lead twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY .asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint,
resolution (S. R. No. 57) appointing a board
of managers for the National Military Asylum;
whiek was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
burial of soldiers.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. it. No. 58) respecting the burial of
soldiers who died in the^nilitary service of the
United States during the rebellion; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I do not see any necessity
for referring this resolution to a committee,
and if there be no objection 1 ask to have it
put upon its passage now.
Mr. .1OHNSON. I ask for the reading of it
for information.
The Secretary read the resolution. It pro-
poses to require the Secretary of War to take
immediate measures to preserve from destruc-
tion the graves of the soldiers of the United
States who fell in battle or died of disease in
the field or in hospital during the war of rebel-
lion, to secure suitable places in which they
may be properly interred, and to have the
grounds inclosed, so that the resting-place?of
the honored dead may be secured forever.
Mr. CONNESS. Is not that done now?
Mr. WILSON. In some places it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks for the present
consideration of the resolution. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course I have no ob-
jection to it, but I will inquire whether there
is any appropriation to meet the expense?
Mr. WILSON.. We may insert in the Army
appropriation bill whatever appropriation may
be necessary on examination. It was thought
better to pass the resolution now, by itself.
Something has been done in this respect in
many localities: but in many nothing has yet
been done. I am told that in one State a field
in which there were two hundred dead was
plowed up and the remains were exposed to
view. A gentleman who was on another battle-
field, the other day told me that the remains
of many soldiers could be seen, the rains hav-
ing washed away the earth that covered them.
It is to be remembered that we have many
hundred battle-fields and places where men
I have fallen; and I think it is important to at-
tend to every part of the country in this respect.
It cannot cost a great sum, and I have no doubt
Congress and the country will be willing to vote
whatever may be necessary for this purpose,
and we can put it in an appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No ob-
jection being made to the present consideration
of the resolution, it is now before the-Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Llotd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives-had passed
a bill (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of Corne-
lius B. Gold, late acting assistant paymaster
United States Navy, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate, with amendments,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate ••
A bill (S. No. 80) for the relief of J. B. Rit-
tenhouse, fleet paymaster of the Pacific squad-
ron ; and
A bill (S. No. 199) to establish the collec-
tion district of Port Huron, and the collection
district of Michigan, and to extend the district
of Puget Sound.
enrolled bills SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore :
A bill (S. No. 85) granting to the State of
Wisconsin a donation of public lands to aid in
the construction of a breakwater and harbor
and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in
the county of Door, in said State, to connect
the waters of Green bay with Lake Michigan,
in said State;
A bill (S. No. 107) to provide for a term of
the district court for the district of Minnesota
to be held at the city of Winona, in said dis-
trict ;
A bill (S. No. 165) more effectually to pro-
vide for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States;
A bill (S. No. 210) to provide for the trans-
fer of the custody of the library of the Smith-
sonian Institution to the Library of Congress;
A joint resolution (S. Ii. No. 2) for the resto-
ration of Commanders William Reynolds and
Melancton B. Woolsey, United Slates Navy,
to the active list from the reserved list; and
A bill (iS. No. 94) to amend the act entitled
"An act for the relief of seamen and others
borne on the books of vessels wrecked or lost
in the lfaval service," approved July 4, 1864,
and for other purposes.
representation of southern states.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 48, setting forth cer-
tain conditions upon which the States, the
people of which have been lately in rebellion
against the United States, shall be restored to
their representation in Congress. I move to
discharge the committee of fifteen from its
consideration, and to make the resolution the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock._
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution is in the hands of the committee of
fifteen. The Senator from Nevada moves that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of that resolution.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a few re-
marks on that motion. The importance of this
subject must be my excuse for calling the
attention of the Senate to it at this time.
The Senate are aware that I have from timo
to time since Congress convened alluded to tho
feet that we were in a false position by reason
of having no plan before the country by which
the Union might bo restored. The country is
anxious that Congress shall say what it will
