1866.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1st
Koontz vs. Coffroth—Mr. McClurg.
Ho. of Keps.
Koontz vs. Coffroth.
SPEECH pF HON. J. W. McOLURG,
OE MISSOURI,
Ik the House of Representatives,
July 18, 1866.
The House resumed the consideration of the follow-
ing resolutions, reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions :
Resolved, That Alexander H. Coffroth is not enti-
tled to a seat in this House as a Representative from
the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
Itcsolved, That William H. Koontz is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the six-
teenth district of Pennsylvania in the Thirty-Jfinth
Congress.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Speaker, I hope I
will receive the attention of the House for a
very short time. I shal.l not presume too much
upon the uniformly good temper of the House.
I am compelled to make some remarks, as the
sitting member deems it necessary for him to
occupy his hour. But I shall be very brief,
for a case that called for the labor and elo-
quence of the sitting member nine hours be-
fore the committee, and of the contestant four
and a half hours, and to read carefully the
report of which will require one hour. Neither
is this the place to dissect and discuss, in all
its parts, the evidence contained in a volume
of two hundred and seventy-two pages. That
must be done in the dissecting-room, the com-
mittec-room. I will, therefore, now present
only the important features, the important
points of the case.
The case is that of a contest for a seat in this
House between William H. Koontz, contest-
ant, and Hon. Alexander H. Coffroth, the sit-
ting member, from the sixteenth congressional
district of Pennsylvania. It will be remem-
bered that in the early days of the present
session there was a contest between the same
parties on the prima facie right to the seat,
neither having received a certificate of election.
That contest was decided "upon the certifi-
cates and papers," "without prejudice to the
right of William H. Koontz, claiming to have
been duly elected," In the present contest
we are brought properly, in pursuance of the
resolutions of this House, by due notice and
pleadings, to the investigation on the merits of
the case; and the important question is, Who
received the greater number of legal votes? In
determining this little else enters into the con-
test than the claim by the contestant that cer-
tain soldiers' votes should be counted ; and by
the sitting member, not only that they should
not be counted, but that other soldiers' votes
should be deducted, claimed to have been im-
properly and illegally counted for the contest-
ant. In other words, the contestant claims
that he received of votes of legal voters whose
votes were not included in the official count a
sufficient number to overbalance the majority
which appears for the sitting member on the
official count, to wit, 88. The sitting member
resists this claim, and would have deducted
other votes, which he claims were illegally
counted for contestant. The soldiers' vote
decides this case. But before proceeding to
consider it, I will briefly notice a claim of each
party outside of the soldiers' vote.
PAUPERS.
The contestant claimed that 33 votes of pau-
pers should be deducted from the count of sit-
ting member, 17 in Bedford county and 16 in
Adams, contending that, under the Pennsyl-
vania law, paupers had no right to vote. It
will be seen, on pages 7 and 8 of the report of
the committee, that as the laws of Pennsylva-
nia do not expressly deprive paupers of the
exercise of the elective franchise the commit-
tee would not undertake to do so until the au-
thorities of Pennsylvania shall have decided
for themselves the law. The committee, there-
fore, make no deductions from count of sitting
member on account of the pauper vote.
39tti Oojrft. TstRess.—No. 18.
students' vote.
On the other hand the sitting member
claimed that 13 votes should be deducted from
contestant's count because given by students
at Gettysburg, claimed by him to be non-resi-
dents. As it was in proof that but one student
voted for contestant who did not consider Get-
tysburg his place of residence, and as it is not
in proof that the students' vote was counted,
and in proof that three only voted for Mr.
Koontz;, the committee make no deductions.
We come, then, to the
soldiers' vote.
And, Mr. Speaker, I wish every member of
the House to bear in mind that not one soldier
voteclaimed by or counted for the sitting mem-
ber is attacked by the contestant. And fur-
ther, not one soldier vote, is it claimed by sit-
ting rnember, should for any reason be added
to hjs own count. By referring to the table
on eighth page of the report of the committee,
it will be seen that but one vote in all has been
deducted from count of the sitting member.
That one is the vote of Hezekiah Hite, a minor,
acknowledged by sitting member to have been
such and to have voted for him. And it will
be perceived that that one is deducted, not from
his official count, but from 99 before uncounted
votes given him from returns introduced by
contestant and proven not to have been in-
cluded in the official count. The contestant
gathers up the returns of soldiers' votes which
had either not been received by the boards of
return judges who canvassed returns or had
been rejected, and offers, as it were, to restore
the right of voting to the disfranchised sol-
diers; while, on the other hand, the policy of
the sitting member, both in his allegations and
his argument, is attack upon the soldiers' vote,
persistentattack. Heofferstodisfranchise many
who voted for himself, that in so doing he may
disfranchise more who voted for the contestant.
These are facts which no sophistry in debate can
remove or should be permitted to mystify.
It is acknowledged by the parties in this con-
test that the official count of votes gave the sit-
ting member a majority of 88.votes. On page
2 of the report of the committee is a table
showing and numbering eleven companies,
camps, and hospitals, and it is alleged and
claimed by the contestant that they cast for
him, Mr. Koontz, 258 votes, and for Mr. Cof-
froth 99 votes, and that they were not in-
cluded in the official count bvthe return judges
of the counties of Bedford, Pulton, and Adams,
and that they should now be counted. On pages
3, 4,5,6, and 7 of the report these eleven com-
panies, camps, and hospitals are separately
considered and the objections to the returns
noticed. It is useless to consume time now in
discussing these objections, as certainly neither
the sitting member nor any one for him will
attempt to interfere with the count of the com-
mittee. as on page 8 of the report, except so
far as I shall name. There can be nothing
dwelt upon so as to reduce the count in that
table that can affect the result in this case.
There can be no doubt, except as to McClel-
lan hospital No. 6, pages 4 and 5 of rcjfbrt,
andNo. 7, one hundred and thirty-eighth Penn-
sylvania regiment, pages 5 and 6. One of my
colleagues on the committee, the gentleman
from Michigan, who would, if here, defend this
report, if necessary, doubts, as likewise does
the colleague from Vermont, the legality of the
vote in the one hundred and thirty-eighth Penn-
sylvania regiment, because two companies, B
and G, voted together at the same poll, when
the soldiers' voting law, section two, on page
15 of report, requires that "a poll shall be
opened in each company." They doubt whether
the twenty-seventh section of law as to "in-
formalities" removes the difficulty. This vote
was 32 for Mr. Koontz and 1 for Mr. Coffroth.
Deduct the majority, 31, from his majority, as
on page 14 of the report, and a majority still
remains for Mr. Koontz of 40 votes; 71 with
this vote, 40 without.
The colleague from Wisconsin expressed
some doubt as to MeOlellan hospital, wiich
gives 3 for Mr. Koontz, and he may, in his
mind, give Mr. Koontz a.majority of only 68.
I need not therefore dwell here, neither need
the sitting member in his remarks, because
all doubts, as expressed by all members of the
committee, (and all had opportunity to express
themselves except the colleague from Dela-
ware, ) added together and deducted would leave
Mr. Koontz's majority 37 votes. This would
be by deducting from the eleven companies,
camps, and hospitals, page 2 of report, which
the contestant proved by competent and legal
testimony had been cast for him and not
counted on the official count, all cases where
there is a legal doubt, and after deducting also
from Mr. Koontz, as appears in table on page
8 of report, 3 votes from the uncounted votes
appearing on page 2. This majority of 71 or
of 40, according to the views of members a?
to two companies of legal voters having voted
at one poll, and without an attempt to show
fraud or unfairness, but mere ignorance of the
letter of the law, the sitting member attempts
to overcome by an effort to show that other
votes should be deducted which he claims were
counted upon defective and illegal returns from
various other companies, camps, and hospitals.
A like attempt is made in all the counties to
disfranchise the soldiers to deduct from the
official count of the contestant votes alleged
by sitting member to have been counted which
he claims should be deducted. It is clearly
useless to inspect what he presents as returns,
and claims to be informal and insufficient, in
any of these counties, because there is no satis-
factory or legal evidence to show what returns
were before the return judges who made the
count. There is not one word of evidence that
what are called copies of returns are copies of
what were before the return judges.
I ask attention to Adams county. The foun-
dation being removed, all will admit nothing
can stand. The foundation for what sitting
member presents as insufficient returns, which
he claims to have been counted for contestant,
is this: "a tally-list'' of a clerk, nothing more,
nothing less.
On page 212 of Miscellaneous Document
No. 117, Henry G. Wolf, a clerk for return
judges, testifies that "this paper now before
me is my tally-list of the votes received and
counted by the judges," &c. That paper is
not in evidence. It is not in any way in. this
bookNo. 117 for us to inspect it. Ifitwereit
would still be an unauthorized paper. Section
sixty-three of election law of Pennsylvania
(see page 14 of the report in this case) reads:
"The clerks [in the plural] shall make out a fair
statement of all the votes which shall have been given
at such election within the county, &c., which shall
be signed by said judges and attested by the clerks."
The judges shall sign it and one judge shall
take charge of it, &c. Here one clerk pro-
duces what he calls "my tally-list." Then,
from that unauthorized paper, read by him or
looked at, but not placed in evidence, he tes-
tifies that "among the votes counted" were
certain votes, 1, 2, G, and 1, at various camps
named by him for Mr. Koontz. And as fur-
ther proof this clerk refers to paper A, papers
B, C, D, and paper E, which are not put in
evidence. Still we find in this book what pur-
port to be such papers, (but not the tally-list.)
They are not in evidence. If they were
the clerk does not swear they are copies of
anything the judges had before them. We
presume all the clerk swore to was true; that
1, 2, 6, and 1 votes were counted. But we
also presume that they were not counted upon
defective papers, and he does not swear they
were counted upon such as he had before him
or such as we find in this book. "We might,
then, very properly reject all this. _
But to pursue these votes with sitting mem-
ber, which he claims were counted on illegal
papers, we look at what we suppose he intended
