1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
do. Every person who lias taken any pains to
understand the public feeling on this question
must realize that to the fullest possible extent.
There is no avoiding the responsibility, and it
has come to a pass where time is the essence
of the entire transaction. Yve must not only
have a plan, but we must have a plan speedily,
or it will avail nothing.
I was told constantly when I complained that
no person produced a plan, and I was told in
rather a derisive manner, "You produce a
plan." I studied for a long time what I con-
ceived to be the sentiment of the country, and
without regard to preconceived notions, with-
out regard to my own preferences one way or
another, I endeavored to produce a plan which
should embody the principles of mercy and
justice, and as far as possible reflect the senti-
ment of the country.
The outside world is now saying that Con-
gress does not intend to adopt this or any other
plan; and although i repudiate the charge as
without the slightest-foundation, it is still con-
stantly charged in the public press that there is
no"sincerity in this matter on the part of Con-
gress; that the only object in pretending to be
for some plan of restoration is to use Senators
and Ilepresentatives for other purposes. This
I repudiate; but still I cannot avoid feeling the
absolute necessity resting upon me to do all in
my power to secure a plan on which we can go
before the country. Union men everywhere
say to us,'1 W e cannot approve of the President's
plan altogether, but we want some other plan ;
what is j our plan? Is it true that you arc seek-
ing a. dissolution of the Union? 3a it true that
you will not consent to any proposition for res-
toration? Js it true that you will not allow the
Union to be restored upon any terms?" Every
man who goes out from here to talk to the peo-
ple has got to pledge his honor that such is not
the fact, or they will not hear him. 1 and other
speakers have pledged our honors that Congress
would act, and that speedily, on this important
question.
Tt is also important, that whatever plan be
adopted, shall be an entirety and shall cover
the whole subject. Isolated propositions will
not answer the purpose. In almost every
scheme it happens that there is something
good which we like, and that there is at the
same time something in it that wo do not like,
but which we vote for in order to get the good
the bill contains. Vcry few bills pass this House
or the other where each member approves of
all their provisions, but he is willing to take
the good with the evil. In order that any plan
shall be adopted here, it is necessary that it
shall contain every proposition essential to a
final settlement, and then it can be sustained
not only here but elsewhere.
The proposition which I have presented in
this resolution—I speak not of its entire details
but of its general sentiments—has been in-
dorsed by every leading Union newspaper
throughout the North, except, perhaps, the
New York Times, and I do not know that it
has taken any ground one way or the other.
The great body of the leading Union newspa-
pers of the North have indorsed it because it
looks to a final settlement of the question;
and I have received, and other members of
Congress have received, hundreds of letters
urging that this or some kindred plan be
adopted which will put an end to our troubles
and show the country that we are willing that
the Union shall be restored upon some terms.
I do not believe that any one single isolated
proposition which does not look to a finality
can be adopted here or elsewhere; but I be-
lieve that any liberal and just plan which con-
cludes all the questions and gives us peace
can be adopted and will be satisfactory to the
country.
Since this resolution wras first introduced the
discussion regarding the difficulties that might
arise under it has suggested to me some modi-
fications; and after consultation with leading
Union men, whom I believe to be sincere in
their endeavors to bring about harmony and
concord and have a final settlement, I have
been led to make some changes, not in the
general principles, but in the mode of arriving
at the con elusion. I will read the essential
portion of tlie plan. The preamble and the
last resolution are unnecessary. . The essential
portion of the plan is contained in the two sec-
tions of my proposed constitutional amendment.
The first section reads as follows:
Sec. 1. No discrimination in civil rights and disa-
bilities, nor in the exercise of the elective franchise,
shall exist among the population of the United States
(Indiansnot taxed excepted) on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude; but in case of
restrictive qualifications by the States, this provision
shall not work disfranchisement of any persons now
entitled to vote.
This constitutional amendment places those
who are to vote hereafter upon the same foot-
ing without regard to color. However men
may feel with regard to the abstract question
of negro suffrage, all must concur that restric-
tions may be imposed under this section that
will so regulate the question of suffrage that no
injury will result to the country. If the States
wish to impose an educational test they can
educate their young men up to it, and it is a
slander upon the white man to say that he can-
not compete with the negro under any reason-
able test so as to maintain the Government
intact. This provision avoids all the great ob-
jections that were made to enfranchising the
negroes en masse, and provides a chance to all
those who arc to come after us to rise in the
scale of humanity alike.
The second section of this constitutional
amendment reads as follows:
Sec. 2. Obligation? and liabilities incurred in aid
of insurrection or rebellion, and claims for compen-
sation on account of emancipation of slaves, are voul,
and bhaU not be assumed nor paid by any State or the
United States.
Sijme may say that this provision is unneces-
sary, but it will place a question that has been
agitated at rest and benefit our national finances
and save future agitation upon the question.
Then there is one other section essential to the
plan to popularize it, and that is in a joint res-
olution, not a constitutional amendment, in this
form:
f
IZcaolvcd hit the Senate nn<7 House nf Representatives
of the Vmted States of America in Congres? assembled,
That whenever any one of the eleven States whose
inhabitants were lately in insurrection, through its
Legislature, having been first authorized so to do by
a popular vote of its present electors, including all
who would be quali tied to vote under the laws thereof
as they existed in 1SG0, shall have ratified the fore-
going amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, and shall have modified its constitution and
laws m conformity therewith, thcrr, and in that case,
such State shall bo recognized as having fully and
validly resumed its former relations with this Govern-
ment, and its chosen representatives shall bo admit-
ted into the two Houses ot' tho national Legislature,
and a general amnesty shall exist in regard to all
persons in such State who were in any way connected
with armed opposition to tho Government of the
United States, wholly relieving them from all pains,
penalties, or disabilities to which they may have
become, liable by reason of tlieir connection with said
insurrection.
That is all that there is essential in the entire
plan. It provides for every question that has
been raised. It provides for the question of
the representation of the southern States ; be-
cause, if the suffrage is extended to all, then it
is proper that representation shall he based
upon the entire population. It therefore dis-
poses of all the questions connected with
changing the basis of representation; and I
tell you that there is more prejudice against
changing the fundamental basis of represen-
tation which exists by the compromises of the
Constitution, than there is to extending civil
and political rights to the blacks, under such
terms a.-, shall not injure or impair the efficacy
of the Government. Such a proposition will
be harder to pass; and wdien you have done it,
what have you accomplished?
The advantage of this plan is that it submits
a proposition to the South for their voluntary
action; and let me here remark that I am thor-
oughly satisfied that, whatever we may do to
protect the negro, if it is done otherwise than
by the voluntary action of the South, unless we
can offer them inducements to accomplish it,
it must result in one of two things. If you pro-
tect the negro by force, in a hostile country, you
are inevitably driven to the necessity of des-
troying his enemies, and that involves the en-
slavement and final extermination of the whites'
of the South. There is nothing more certain
than that; and in that the best minds of the
North concur. If you do not resort to the
voluntary action of the South, but leave the
negro as ho is, then you may be charged, and
justly, with having vi olated your pledges. Force
must ultimately result in the extermination of
either the blacks or the wdiites. While I am
upon this point, I do not think I can state it as
dearly and as forcibly as it has been already
stated by an able statesman, John A. Andrew,
of Massachusetts ; and I desire to read a letter
from him on t(fe subject.- I will read you , also,
letters from the South, to show you that the
opinion of thinking men is not so fur apart but
that if w# rest upon a just basis we can come
together. I must read this letter of Mr. An-
drew ; it is worthy to be rea'd, and to be pre-
served, and to become a part of the records of
this country, becn/nse it is patriotic, short, con-
cise, comprehensive. It emanates from a man
who thinks. It is as follows :
I'ostox, March 20, 1866.
My Dear Sir: I have read with great satisfaction
and interest the resolutions proposed by you last
week in the Senate concerning the reorganization of
the States lately in rebellion.
If it was convenient to do so at this moment I
might, pei haps, take the liberty of writing you at
some length, but it is enough for my present pur-
pose to declare my hearty sympathy with the gen-
eral design and plan they indicate.
I beg you will allow me to call your attention to a
copy of a valedictory address delivered 1 o the General
Court of Massachusetts on the 4th of January last, in
which, with some elaboration, I attempted to discuss
the same general subject, and, if I correctly under-
stand the resolutions you offered in the Senate, I
think that you and myself are in entire agreement.
Now comes the important part of the letter,
and I call on Senators to reflect upon the axioms
that are hero laid down.
It seems plain to me that the colored men must
be invested with the rights, both political and civil,
which pertain to citizenship, according to laws winch
shall impart political honors according to capacity
and desert, and not according to descent or the acci-
dents of birth, or else they must be exterminated. I
think that theformerrebelsmustbereinstated in their
political rights, or thoy must be exterminated, I
think, also, that the same body of votcis in each
State who carried it out into rebellion must bring it
back again into loyalty. Anyother "reconstruction"
is dangerous and delusive. I pray you to excuse
both the brevity of this note and the liberty X take
in expressing opinions so explicitly, and believe me,
faithfully your friend and servant,
JOHN A. ANDBEW.
Hon. Willum M. Stewaet,
United States Senate, Washington, I). C.
Since that letter was written it has been
authenticated in one particular at least. Ten-
nessee, which we have all been anxious to re-
store at once, has had an election, the military
having been removed, and I believe that elec-
tion has been generally in the hands of those
who are violating the test oath. It is idle to
suppose that a minority, where there are no
bayonets to back them, can control the polls.
Consequently, you must deal with the majority,
leaving out of the question the irresponsible
minority. Senators, reflect upon it; what man
among you would be willing to go to the polls
with a little clique of forty or fifty, and have
three hundred or four hundred of your former
neighbors against you, and attempt to enforce
exclusionary laws upon them? Would you
not give way, as they did in Tennessee? Edu-
cated as we are in republican institutions to
the idea that the majority must rule, would not
the mere moral force of the majority change
the thing into their hands? We must deal
with majorities, or abandon our theory of gov-
ernment. Then, I say, submit to the majority
in the South such propositions as you believe
to be just, such propositions as will relieve
your pledges to all classes of men, and wait
for their action.
You may say that it is idle to submit this
proposition, that they will not act on it fairly.
I deny that they will not act fairly. I deny, at
all events, that we have any right to assume that
they will not until we try them. I am happy
to call the attention of the Senate to the recent
action of Georgia tending in this direction,
which has gone much further than I supposed
