274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Kooiitz vs. Goffroth—Mr. Koontz.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
to present as evidence and what he calls re-
turns. We find them defective, one in this
respect and another in that. And while I do
not accuse any one, and certainly not the hon-
orable gentleman who has the seat, of present-
ing extracts from poli-books, &c., it does seem
to me that the decision of the majority on the
prima facie c ase of Koontz vs. CofFroth, "that
poll-books, &c., were fatally defective without
certificate of oath of officers," has caused only
parts of papers to be made out and certified.
Look at the first, A; it seems to be carefully
certified to be " true copies of the poll-book,
tally-paper, and returns." It may be all it is
certified' to be, and yet a portion may not have
been copied. No oath appears. No certificate
appears, and no oath that all the papers were
copied; and bear in mind there is no.proof that
other and better papers were not before the
return judges.
Further remark here seems to me wholly
unnecessary to intelligent gentlemen. Imight
take up these returns one by one and show that
they may not be defective; but then I would
come to this same point, and could not say, for
my life, whether those votes were counted or
not; or, if counted, whether upon these papers.
As clearly in point, I will read from the re-
port of the committee in the late case of Ful-
ler vs. Dawson, in which like papers were ex-
cluded to the advantage of the sitting member,
as follows:
"The prothonotary certifies that the transcript
given on pages OS and 69 of the second book is a cor-
rect copy of the poll-book, tally-list, and certificate
of tho return of the election, but makes no allusion
to thecertificalo of oaths in thecase. If these votes
were, in fact, canvassed, and tho only evidence upon
which the cama^-i was made v.*;i- such as is found in
this transcript, it is clear that under the rule adopted
by the majority of the committee respecting tho hos-
pital returns in thecase ol Koontz v*. Coffroth, these
votes ought not to have been counted, lor the certl J-
cates of oaths arc entirely wanting. But it is not
shown affirmatively that this was the only evidence,
and tho transcript raises no such presumption, be-
cause tho prothonotary's certificate does not exclude
tho idea that perfect certificates may have been on
file in liis olfico."
In this condition and on this foundation are
all the papers on which we are asked to deduct
soldiers' votes in this (Adams) county. The at-
tempt in each of the other counties is of a like
character.
budfoiid couxty.
In Bedford county there is no evidence as to
what papers were before the return judges. For
a portion of them the prothonotary testifies that
returns '' from Nos. 44 to 53 are certified copies
of the returns sent to me by the secretary of
the Commonwealth, as shown by my certificate
to the return judges." He produced a certi-
fied copy of his own cei-tificate to the return
judges, which certificate he made without
authority of law. Certified copies of returns
are required by eighteenth section of soldiers'
law, and he took upon himself to certify a
.tabular statement made out by himself. Al-
though it may be true the votes were counted,
it cannot be presumed, without evidence, they
were counted upon such papers. Certified
copies of tho returns before the judges should
have been presented to the committee, and
were not. This very certificate of the prothono-
tary was rejected by the committee on the prima
facie case, Koontz vs. Coffroth, and therefore
the sitting member had notice, if he did not
otherwise know, that such papers were not
admissible as evidence.
somerset cou.vty.
For Somerset county itis the same argument
over again. "A certified copy of a tally-paper of
clerks" is produced, and weareasked to reject
returns alluded to in that unauthorized paper.
A like paper was rejected by the committee in
the case of Fuller us. Dawson, as shown by the
report in this case, pages 12 and 13.
fr ixklix fulton cot'sties.
In Franklin and Fulton counties there is the
same want of evidence to show what returns
were before the judges and oomjted. The
committee have therefore been led to recom-
mend the resolutions which, if adopted, will
give the seat to Mr. Koontz.
But I should not close without asking gen-
tlemen to read extracts from testimony of
deserters, on pages 11 and 12 of the report.
The sitting member asks attention to it in his
brief. He claims that soldiers at the polls
"deterred" some twenty or thirty "citizens"
from voting. These " citizens," or a number
of them, are produced and testify for the sit-
ting member. I earnestly unite with the sitting
member in inviting attention to that testimony,
pages 11 and 12 of report, or pages^l84 to 190
of this book, Miscellaneous Document No. 117.
I need not now refer to the law, but quote from
one witness to show the character of the "cit-
izens" whose votes would be counted by the
sitting member to exclude or neutralize sol-
diers' votes. Peter G. Miller, commencing
near foot of page 11 of report, and on pages
188 and 189 of this book, (Miscellaneous Doc-
ument No. 117,) swears:
"X was across, between the top and foot of the
mountain, about six miles from tho election; I did
not go any nearer the polls; I did not offer my vote,
because I was afraid to go there; I was a conscript
and had not reported; I was drafted in 1863, in Au-
gust, and had managed to escape the officers all that
time; I would have been apt to have voted for Oof-
fioth if 1 had gone, most assuredly; IamaDemocrat
in polities."
With one remark more I shall have finished.
Judging by the past, I presume the sitting
member will talk about persons voting who
had not been assessed, &c., say some twenty-
two in Somerset county. I have not here
spoken of that and some other talk we will
probably hear, because it is all excluded unless
we admit those unauthorized certificates and
tally-papers of clerks, &c., that I have alluded
to. And, if they were admitted, the proper
record evidence of assessments is not intro-
duced, and it will be perceived that, in his brief,
the sitting member ruled the contestant to rec-
ord testimony where it could be produced.
And of tho 9 voters for Bedford county which
he would exclude on such papers, I may in
addition state that, for a portion of them, it is
not in proof for whom they voted. I may add,
as to Franklin county, in addition to what I
said, that nothing shows what returns were
counted, that tho attempt to have 4 voles de-
ducted because General Couch and staff voted
and were " Black Republicans," is in character
with much of what is called evidence in this
book. The sitting member, in his brief, claims
these votes should be deducted, and says, "See
testimony of J. Newton Stelletto, page 237."
•What is that testimony to which he invites
attention in order to deduct votes? Witness
swears:
"Major John S. Seliultz and Captain T. B. Swear-
ingen voted; I do not know how they voted; both
were members of General Couch's staff, whose head-
quarters were at Chambersburg; General Couch also
voted."
Another witness, on same page, testified:
" I know these military men were Black Republic-
ans, and intended to vote that ticket; I never heard
them say how they had voted."
Mr. Speaker, I think it is unnecessary to say
more.
Koontz ys. Coffrotk.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. KOONTZ,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
July 18, 1866.
The House resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolutions, reported from the Committee of
Elections:
Resolved, That Alexander H. CofFroth is not enti-
tled to a seat in ihis House as a'Represent<itive from
the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
Resolved, That "William II. Koontz is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the six-
teenth district of Pennsylvania in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
Mr. KOONTZ, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker,
I claim the right to represent the sixteenth
congressional district of Pennsylvania in this
Congress. I will endeavor, in as brief a manner
as possible, to present to the consideration of
the House the grounds upon which my title is
based. I assert that a majority of the legal votes
of the district were cast for me, and that the
official canvass, which gives,the sitting member
11,067 votes, and myself 10,979 votes, being a
majority in his favorof 88, is incorrect, for the
following reasons:
1. It does not contain all the votes that were
cast for member of the House of Representa-
tives in said district by the duly qualified electors
thereof; the return judges of three of the coun-
ties, to wit, Bedford, Fulton, and Adams, having
excluded from the count eleven returns of elec-
tions held by soldiers from the district in "actual
military service under the laws of Pennsylvania.
2. That the board of return judges of Adams
county made a mistake of 2 against me in
counting the vote of the district of Hamilton
Ban and Liberty townships, which should now
be added to my vote.
3. That certain illegal votes were cast and
counted for the sitting member.
I will proceed to consider these points in tho
order in which they are stated. The returns
which were rejected by the judges, and which
I claim should be added to the official canvass,
are as follows:
Koontz. Coffroth.
No. 1. Company H, 208th regim.ent,
army of the James  34 18
2. Barracks No.1, Soldiers' Rest,
Washington, D. C  58 29
3. Company G, 205th regiment  8 2
4. Mowcrhospital, United States,
Philadelphia  1
5. Cuyler United States hospital,
Philadelphia  1
6. Mc-Clellan United States hos-
pital, Philadelphia  3
7. 138th Pennsylvania regiment,
Front Royal, Virginia  32 1
8. 184th Pennsylvania regiment, 39 21
9. 202d Pennsylvania regiment,
White Plains 27 15
10. 21stPenneylvaniacavalry,City
Point, Virginia  36 4
11. 210th Pennsylvania regiment, 19 9
Total 258 99
I will not consume the time of the House in
answering the various objections that were
made to these returns, as that has been fully
and ably done by the committee in their report.
I will simply state that all the objections are
overcome by the testimony, which shows con-
clusively that the elections were all fairly held,
that the persons voting were duly qualified
voters of the district, that they were required
to establish their right to vote by the produc-
tion of tax receipts or other necessary proof,
and that in every cas'e save one the officers
were duly qualified according to law. In that
case the officers were sworn by the captain of
the company, who is-not authorized by the law
to administer the oath ; but because the officers
were not properly qualified the election is not
thereby invalidated. They were public officers
dc facto, and as such their acts are valid and
binding. This principle of law is thus laid
down by Chancellor Kent:
"In the ease of public officers who are such de
facto.^acting under color of office, by an eleetiun or
appointment not strictly legal, or without having
qualified themselves by the requisite tests, or by
holding over after the period prescribed for a new
appointment, theiracts arc held valid as respects the
rights of third persons whohave an interest in them,
and as concerns the public, in order to prevent a
failure of justice."
It is proven, also, that this election was fairly
conducted, and neither in this nor any of the
other rejected returns has the sitting member
attempted to show fraud in holding the elec-
tions.
The committee have deducted 1 vote from
me in each of the returns of company H, two
hundred and eighth regiment, and company K,
one hundred and eighty-fourth regiment, by
reason of a discrepancy in the number of votes
returned and the number of voters on the lists,
the returns being in excess of the li ito, 1 in
