THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
assistant judge-ad vocates general to ten. U nder
the bill organizing the Bureau of Military Jus-
tice, a Judge Advocate General and an assistant
were appointed, and a judge advocate for every
army in the field. We propose by this provis-
ion to retain in service the Judge Advocate
General and one assistant, and the judge ad-
vocates with the rank arid pay of major, so long
as the Secretary of War shall believe their ser-
vices are necessary, authorizing him at any mo-
ment to discharge the whole ten, leaving sim-
ply the Judge Advocate General and his assist-
ant, the Judge Advocate General with the rank
of brigadier general and his assistant with the
rank of colonel.
Now, what is the-necessity for the continu-
ance of the Bureau of Military Justice ? In the
first place, more than live thousand claims are
now before Judge Holt, the Judge Advocate
General, which have not yet been passed upon.
A trial is had; a decision rendered; it is re-
ferred to the Judge Advocate General; he
digests and arranges the evidence and then
refers it to the. President for final adjudication.
There are more than five thousand cases now
pending in that bureau.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask my col-
league whether that refers to claims for prop-
erty, and, if so, how that bureau got jurisdic-
tion of any such cases?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I understand none
oil them are for property. Tliey are minor
offenses perpetrated in the Army, every one
of them properly referable to that burdau.
That bureau has done an immense amount of
Work. If you discharge them now, what be-
comes of all these records? Who is to look
into them? Who is to make up the cases? It
is utterly impossible for the President, in the
multiplicity of his duties, to look into all these
cases; it is physically impossible for the Sec-
retary of War to do soand to facilitate the ad-
ministration of criminal justice it was found
necessary to establish this bureau.
But thedistinguished Senator from Delaware
says that looking to the past history of military
commissions, he trembles for the liberty of the
people. What is the past history of the Bureau
of Military Justice, and who has trembled be-
fore its sentences except the rebel traitor and
tlje rebel sympathizer, the assassins of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and their cocon-
spirators North and South? What is the past
history of the Bureau of Military Justice, and
what is the past history of military commis-
sions ? Who authorized a military commission
to try the murderers and assassins of your mar-
tyr President? Who called and convened the
board to try them, and who composed that
board? The peers and equals of the proudest
Senator upon this floor in general intelligence,
in patriotism, and in legal learning.- Who or-
dered that military commission? The present
President of the United States convened that
military commission that, passed sentence upon
the assassins of the late President of the Uni-
ted States, and they had a felon's doom not
al'one under the sentence of the military court,
but approved by the President of the United
States himself. I indorse in letter, syllable,
and spirit, not only the organization of the
court, but the approval of the sentence of that
court. I have no doubt of the jurisdiction of
the court in that case.
Is that one of the cases referred to in the
past history of this Bureau of Military Justice
to which the gentleman excepts? Does he
except, to the sentence of that court convened
by Andrew Johnson, the President of the Uni-
ted States, sanctioned by him, and sanctioned
by the general concurrence of the whole peo-
ple and the universal public sentiment of all
Christendom? Who would reverse that sen-
tence to-day, and bring back the miserable
murderers, assassins, and conspirators who
sought to overthrow the Republic in the per-
son of the President of the Republic? I feel
in my heart of hearts that I owe them a debt
of gratitude for the noble and manly manner
in which they discharged their duty. I bow
ia obeisance to the decision of that court. It
was right and proper, in my opinion, and I
apprehend no detriment either to the public
security or the public liberty from any military
commission constituted as that was. I only
regret that the President of the United States
did not feel it his duty to persevere in well-
doing" and bring Jefferson Davis before the
same or another military commission that sum-
mary human justice might have been meted
out to him, if not commensurate with his
ci'imes, at least all we could do, and leave him
to the terrible retributions of hereafter. What
has been the history of this Bureau of Military
Justice that we should apprehend any danger
from it? Have there been any wrong decis-
ions, any innocent men punished? I,know of
no such case. I apprehend no such case can
be presented.
An allusion was made to the head of that Bu-
reau of Military Justice, General Holt. Who
is he? A life-long Democrat so long as De-
mocracy meant devotion to human rights and
the union and the liberty of the Republic,
but the moment when assassins and traitors
sought to strike down the Republic that very
moment he abandoned the Democratic party,
was found faithful among the faithless in the
Cabinet of that weak and wicked old man, Mr.
Buchanan, and fr,om that hour to the present
his history is beyond all eulogy of mine. I
can only hope for myself and for my friends
that when our history shall be written and read
of all men we .may retire into the sanctity
and security of the grave with the same proud
historic record that will shed a halo of glory
around the name of General Holt—a noble
man ; a patriot; an exception in the midst of
his traitorous compeers. He is the head of the
Bureau of Military Justice, and you are to
strike out this section to legislate him out of
office. For what cause ? Simply because he
assisted in the prosecution of the assassins of
President Lincoln before a military court con-
vened under the order of the Secretary of War
and President Johnson, and the sentence of
which was approved by President Johnson.
What beyond that has Judge Holt done? His
offense " hath that extent, no more."
Now, a word as to the bill. Under the pres-
ent law we have a Judge Advocate General,
with the rank of a brigadier general, an assist-
ant, with the rank of colonel, and as many
judge advocates as there are armies in the
field. Under this bill we propose to retain the
Judge Advocate General, an assistant, and for
the time being ten assistant judge advocates,
with the rank of major, to be mustered out the
very moment the Secretary of War thinks there
is no further occasion for their services. I
cannot conceive there is anything wrong in this
section. I am utterly at a loss to conceive why
it should be stricken out, except for the simple
purpose, as I apprehead, though not avowed,
of rebuking the Government, rebuking the
President, rebuking Congress for their past
action for the last two years in their honest
and_ patriotic efforts to see that traitors are
punished and treason is made odious. If it
has an object other than that, I am at a loss
to conceive it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. While I concur mainly
in the argument made by the Senator from
Delaware, I cannot support the proposition
that he* makes in its full extent. I am not
prepared to vote to abolish the court of mili-
tary justice. If that court be properly consti-
tuted, and discharges its duties legitimately'
within its jurisdiction as the court was organ-
ized under the act of two or three years ago,
it will be a blessing; and I will not vote to
abolish the court because of some wrong de-
cision that it may have made.
I know within two weeks of a case in which
that court rendered service to the country and
great justice to a gallant officer. A friend of
mine came to me with his discharge from the
public service as an officer from the regular
Army. _ He was charged by some envious per-
sons with having become intoxicated when
on duty. There was a trial had, which was
not very reputable to the officers of the mili-
tary court that conducted it. He came to see
me because he was an acquaintance find friend
of mine. I went with him to see the Judge
Advocate General. The case was called up
before the Judge Advocate General and re-
viewed, and at once he decided that the tes-
timony was not sufficient, and restored the
young man to his position in the Army.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The President could
have done that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Del-
aware suggests that the President could have
done that. I dare say that the President would
have done it, but it is utterly impossible for
the President of the United States to examine
the many records and files that come up from
the trials before military courts. I think it is
a protection to the military men of the country
to have such a court. It will cctme to be, when
the hour of passion, to which my colleague has
referred, shall have passed away, a court delib-
erate in its proceedings, and I hope and have
no doubt wise in its adjudications. Then it
will be a blessing to the country and a protec-
tion to our military men. Necessarily when
our Army shall come to be fifty thousand strong
there will be many military trials for military
offenses of military men. There ought to be
a court of appeal; and this is intended to be a
court of appeal; a court in which the judgment
of the courts-martial may be reviewed, and if
improper reversed. Such a court, it seems to
me, ought to be in the Army.
But, sir, I concur in the proposition of the
•Senator from Delaware that these words, "and
military commissions," ought not to find their
way into this section, or into any other statute
of our laws, and I shall move to strike those
words out of the section before the vote is
taken on the proposition of the Senator from
Delaware. The language of the section is,
<:the proceedings of all courts-martial and
courts of inquiry." I understand that courts-
martial and courts of inquiry have been known
to the Army since its organization—courts of
inquiry for the purpose of enabling the com-
manding general to decide whether an officer
ought to be put upon trial; and courts-martial
for the purpose of trying military men for mil-
itary offenses. Now, I am in favor of con-
tinuing an appellate court that shall revise the
proceedings of all courts-martial; but this tri-
bunal known as a military commission is a
thing that has sprung up among the abuses of
the last two or three years, so far as I know. I
do not know that military commissions have
been recognized by the military law of the
country prior to the late war.
_ My colleague inquires, what is there in the
history of military commissions that they should
not command our approval ? I ask my col-
league, what is there in the history of military
commissions that ought to command our ap-
proval? They have passed, away. The highest
judicial tribunal in this country has pronounced
them to be illegal, and their findings to be void,
when they extend to the trial of civilians. What
is therein their history that we can commend? If
the Senator refers to the trial of the assassins
of President Lincoln, I shall not question the
propriety of their trial before a court-martial
—a military court "known to our law—for the
simple reason that it may be held, though
somewhat doubtful, that their offense was a
military offense. The President of the Uni-
ted States was the-head of the Army; it was
during a time of war; and the city of Wash-
ington was the headquarters of the Army;
and this offense was committed against the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and at his
headquarters during the war, as if a man should
go into a camp in the presence of the enemy
and should kill the commander-in-chief who
was to conduct a charge perhaps the next day.
I would not question that that would be a mil-
itary offense for which the party might be tried
by a court-martial.
But I do not recognize the doctrine which
my colleague seems _so^ broadly to advocate,
that a military commission may put upon trial
a civilian in no way connected with the Army
