1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2715
on that point—-I do not wish to urge this bill
against his wish to acquire that information.
After the fortification bill is disposed of I may
desire to call up the bill for the purpose to-mor-
row of presenting my views to the Senate on
the subject, and then if the Senator desires
delay for the purpose of obtaining information
from the Treasury Department I will not
object.
As I stated on a former occasion, the bill in
my charge is one of great public importance,
intended to reduce the interest on the public
debt, carrying out perhaps a favorite idea with
me, that we should not in time of peace pre-
sent to the world the spectacle of paying a
higher rate of interest on our public securities
than any Christian nation of these times, and
going into the markets of the world with our
bonds at a lower rate for gold than any nation
of Christendom, 1 believe. Jt was to enforce
this view, to save, if I could, this undue amount
of interest, that I presented this bill and urged
it on the consideration of the Senate. I will
no longer urge it at present, after the declara-
tion of the Senator from Maine that he desires
information ; and as the reconstruction ques-
tion is postponed until Wednesday, I will not
now resist the taking up of the fortification bill,
but I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to
take up the funding bill to-morrow, so that I
may be able to present my views upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After I had given no-
tice that I would have no further controversy
with him on this subject, it was quite unneces-
sary for the Senator from Ohio to repeat what
he chose to say on Thursday evening, that I
had conducted in an improper manner with
reference to this matter. 1 think, having said
that once—and even then I suffered it to pass
without reply, although I really felt the remark
somewhat—it was rather unnecessary that he
should have taken pains to repeat it this morn-
ing. Now, sir, it so happens, I believe—I must
say it. although I do not like to talk about my-
self—that I am the only man in this Senate who
never is suffered to get in the slightest degree
excited without having somebody in the Senate
and somebody out of the Senate make remarks
upon it. [Laughter.] If I allow my voice to
rise above its ordinary pitch it is remarked that
I am under excitement, and the newspapers
seem to think it a very considerable thing.
[Laughter.] Well, sir, I think it proves that
I am so universally acknowledged to be an
amiable man and an excellent-tempered man
that when 1 do got excited it is worthy of remark,
which is not true of any other member of the
Senate, because they may have all sorts of fights
here and it does not seem to amount to any-
thing; nobody says anything about it; it seems
to be treated as a matter of course. My friend
from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] may get into a
heat and it is treated as a matter of course, and
nothing is said about it. So with my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] and my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. SrMSEii,] and everybody else.
[Laughter.] But, sir, let that pass.
I did feel somewhat annoyed about the
charge that was made, coming from a member
of the committee, and the gentleman who is
second on the committee. I was annoyed that
he took pains to express his opinion that my
course of conduct in regard to this matter was
improper; and I really felt hurt this morning
that lie should have taken pains to repeat it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I felt it, and therefore I
said it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator had ex-
pressed his feelings once, and I think that after
three nights sleep he might have got over that
annoyance sufficiently to have held his tongue
on a subject on which he had already once
spoken. 1 think he must have been a little
cxcited, although he does not show it so much
in the tones of his voice.
Now, sir, allow me to say, that the honorable
Senator reported his bill by order of the ma-
jority of the committee, not a particular order
that lie should report it, but after the vote was
taken, that it should be repot ted by the consent
of the chairman of the committee, wljose busi-
ness it was to report it if he chose to do so ;
but ho chose, as a matter of courtesy, to pass
it over to the honorable Senator who liaa in-
troduced it. That is the way it came to be
reported by the Senator ; otherwise it would
have been reported by me, and beet} under my
charge as chairman of the committee. That
is the simple fact about that. T gave notice in
the committee (as I always do when I intend
to act in that way) that when the bill came into
the Senate I should oppose jt by all means in
my power; and when it came into the Senate
and was reported apparently with the assent
of all the committee, I stated the same thing.
I know and understand what effect these finan-
cial measures have upon the money market
always, and that they are made a matter of
trade and speculation; and I for that reason
took pains to say that the committee was not
unanimous upon the bill, and that I myself
was opposed to it. I went no further at that
time.
Sir, 1 have a perfect right to say, and any
member of a committee has a right, when he
understands that a bill is reported not with the
approbation or sanction or pledge of the ma-
jority of the committee to it. but simply by
leave of the committee in order that it may be
brought into the Senate and presented to the
Senate, to state that fact. It has been done
repeatedly, and I had a perfect right to say. as
I did say, that the bill, although reported with
the consent of a majority of the committee, was
not reported as the decision of the committee.
The Senator's opinion of the impropriety of
that thing he may entertain; but I maintain
that I had a perfect right to do it and there was
nothing improper in it, and I should do the
same again under like circumstances if I chose
to do it. That is all there is of that.
When the Senator remarked that he should
bring his bill up. and when he antagonized that
to mine, I said, it is true, that I was opposed
to taking up his bill, not only fur the reason
that I wished another to come up, but for the
reason that T was opposed to it and hoped it
would not come up at all; but I meant by that
to express nothing more than I had said before:
and that was, that I was opposed to his bill.
The Senator, however, chose to understand
that as an indication that I meant to try every
parliamentary method to prevent action on his
bill. That was an intention which did not exist
in point of fact: which I neier thought of. I
meant merely to state that I was opposed to it
and hoped it would not come up. 1 remain of
the same opinion still. Undoubtedly the Sen-
ate will take it up in its own good time, and then
we shall have action upon it. I have no feeling
about it, not the slightest in the world; but
burdened as I am with business, and in fact
unlit to do any business at all, and having
staring me in the face in the course of a few
days the tax bill, which I must take the prin-
cipal charge of, if I am able to do so, or pass it
over to the honorable Senator from Ohio, and
the reconstruction business, I did wish to clear
the table of these littie matters which ought to
go to the House of Representatives. Now. sir,
I do not feel that I am under any special respon-
sibility for the business of the Senate ; but. so
far as I am, I hope the Senate will indulge me
in all reasonable requests.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is osi the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. L'-'jo) making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation, and
repaiis of certain fortifications and other works
of defense. for the year ending .lime 30, 1807.
The bill wa= read.
The Committee on Finance reported one
amendment to the bill; which was oil page 2.
alter line eighteen to insert;
Tor Fort Pophum, Kennebec river, Maine, $'>0,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill vas reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. l'he amcudmi'iit wa? ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
| FVXDISG THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up the
funding bill with a view to have it assigned for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that I do not mean to oppose
the taking up of the bill, but it may be that
after it is taken up to-morrow and he has stated
■what he wishes to say upon it, I may then desire
further time to consider it.
Mr, SHERMAN. I shall have not the
slightest objection to the Senator's taking time
in order to obtain further information and dis-
cuss the proposition. AH I desire now is that
it may be taken up and made the special order
for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (8. No. 300) to reduce the
rate of interest on the national debt, and for
funding the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill be
postponed to ar.d made the special order of
the day for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF NAME OF VESSELS.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 52.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 52,i author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the name of the steamboat City of Richmond
to City of Portland.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
joint resolution with an amendment to add the
following:
And also the owner of the schooner Lncinda Van
Yalkenburg to Camden.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to hear why these
changes are proposed. It seems to me to be
very injurious to change the names of vessels
unless there is a positive necessity for it.
Great wrongs have been perpetrated in this
way.
Mr. MORRILL. The practice is quite uni-
form. There is never any difficulty or danger
in this class of cases, provided proper caution
is exercised. I know there have been instances,
as the Senator from Massachusetts supposes,
where vessels that had a bad reputation have
had their names changed. That is always in-
jurious, and the committee, in no instance
that I know of. of late, have reported a bill
upon such a state of facts. The facts in this
ca=c are these; this steamer City of Rich-
mond is a new steamer, eighteen months old,
I think, and has been purchased by a company
who are running her now between Portland,
in the State of Maine, and St. John. Ihey
have a fancy that it would suit their conven-
ience better to have her name changed to
City of Portland. There is no public neces-
sity for it. of course, as there is not in any ot
these cases, but the facts are such in this cese
that noinjurious effect whatever can come ol it.
Mr. WILSON. That is all I want to know.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. While I am up I will ex-
plain that amendment. It is to change the
name of a schooner on Lake Ontario. I think.
It is a very small matter any way. I have hers
a note addressed to the Senator .from New
York. [Mr. Morgan,] in which the party de-
sires the name of this vessel change!, simply
as a matter of convenience, because hsr pres-
ent name is an unconscionably long one and
a hard name to speil. The facts in this caso
are not unlike those in the ease of the City of
Richmond. She is a new vessel.
Mr. GRIMES. Is she a British vessel?
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no ; she is an Ameri-
can-built vessel.
Mr. GRIMES. Bo'h of them?
Mr. MORRILL- They are both American-
built and both new vessels.
The joint resolution was reported to the
