1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3675
for whatever that court may define to be a
crime. What has been the wrong which the
Supreme Court of the United States has re-
versed and consigned, I will not say to infamy,
but consigned, f hope, in our future history to
forgetfulness? It is this: tliata court is organized
unknown to our laws; a court organized without
a defined jurisdiction; a court which is author-
ized to bring before it the men of the country
not connected with the Army, and to put them
upon trial for offenses not defined by any law,
and to punish them in a mode unknown to the
law. If this can be done; if a court can be
organized in our country which is not author-
ized by law; if it can proceed according to its
own pleasure, by no mode of practice defined
by the law; if it can punish for a crime not
defined by the law, and in a mode not tolerated
or allowed by the law, then, sir, to the extent
of the jurisdiction of such a court the liberty
of the people is gone. What do we ask? That
the courts that shall take jurisdiction of our
persons shall only do so according to the law.
A military commission is not known to the
law; its proceedings are not defined by the
law; its punishments are not prescribed by the
law; and therefore in every respect, as the
Supreme Court of the United States has de-
cided, it is outside of the law, illegal, and void.
But, sir, since the decision of the Supreme
Court it ceases to be necessary that we should
argue upon this question. That court has pro-
nounced upon the subject, and the citizen here-
after can only be tried before a court which
the law has conferred jurisdiction upon, and
according to the practice which the law has
prescribed, and can be punished only as the
law says, and not as some gentlemen who may
happen to be upon a military commission may
see fit to punish him. Therefore I shall move
to strike out the words "and military commis-
sions ;" so that the court provided for in this
section shall have appellate jurisdiction from
all courts-martial and courts of inquiry. I do
not know that it is necessary to give the court
jurisdiction of the proceedings of a court of
inquiry. A court of inquiry passes no judg-
ment ; it simply reports to the commanding
general the facts in the particular case to aid
the judgment of the commanding general upon
the question whether an officer is to be put
upon trial before a court-martial; but I have
no objection to allowing the findings of a court
of inquiry to go before the Judge Advocate
General. All proceedings before eourts-mar-
tial. I think, ought to be reviewed somewhere.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves to strike out the
words "and military commissions," in the
section proposed to be stricken out by the
Senator from Delaware. The amendment of
the Senator from Indiana is first in order.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. lias my colleague
reflected upon the factthat by striking out these
words, "and military commissions," he might
prevent the sentence of a spy altogether ? Who
tried Major Andr6?
Mr.HENDRICKS. A court-martial, I think.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. A court-martial
perhaps, nominally, but it was a military com-
mission. Courts-martial have cognizance of
offenses committed by officers and soldiers in
our own service. Courts of inquiry had mili-
tary jurisdiction to try charges when the party
himself asks an investigation, or where his supe-
rior officer demands an investigation. These
are the offices of courts-martial and courts of
inquiry as I understand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask my colleague
if, under the Articles of War, a spy cannot
be tried by a court-martial and sentenced to
death?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Under the Articles
of War courts-martial are provided for. Spies
are not specifically named at all in the Articles
of War. They are guilty under the laws of
nations. The laws of war as recognized by the
laws of nations define the offense of being a
spy, but 1 think it is not defined or anywhere
specifically defined in the Rules and Articles
of War, if I recollect them rightly.
My colleague says that he indorses the action
and finding of the commission in the case of
tho assassins of President Lincoln. I might
have referred to another case while I was up,
the case of Wirz. That, it seems to me, was
a proper case for a military commission. There
the sentence was death; there the sentence was
executed; there the commission was consti-
tuted under the order of the present President;
and there the sentence was approved and exe-
cuted under his approbation. Wirz was neither
in the military or naval service of the United
States, nor was he a spy, but he was tried by
a military commission for a violation of the
laws of war under the laws of nations. If this
section should be restricted as my colleague
proposes to amend it, there would be no pos-
sible jurisdiction in the case of Wirz, because
he neither belonged to the military or naval
service, and was not technically, or in any
sense, a spy; and yet his case was properly
cognizable before a military commission, be-
cause, as I conceive, he had violated the laws
of nations regulating the laws of war and the
treatment of prisoners. There is one case
where, if the jurisdiction was restricted as my
colleague desires, there could have been no
possible trial and no possible punishment.
But my colleague refers to a late decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, where
certain men were tried by a military commis-
sion in my State, and I, at least, have no doubt
of their guilt, the people, I think, have no
doubt of their guilt, their monstrous guilt, and
the Supreme Court released them without giv-
ing any decision. We do not know the grounds
of that decision ; we do not know whether they
placed it upon the irregularity of the pro-
ceedings or the want of jurisdiction, or the
nature of the offense, or the extravagant char-
acter of it. We are left wholly in the dark;
no decision has been pronounced: but if that
Supreme Court undertake to deny in a time of
war the jurisdiction of military commissions
to try men who have assassinated your Presi-
dent, who have starved your prisoners, who
have conspired to overturn the Government,
I trust in (Jod they may never stain the judi-
cial records of the country by writing any opin-
ion upon the subject.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now have
a vote on this amendment that is proposed.
1 suppose it is understood. Everybody under-
stands that this Bureau of Military Justice does
not getup prosecutions; that it simply receives,
revises, and records the proceedings of courts
of inquiry, courts-martial, and military com-
missions. They have had a vast deal of woik
to do during the war. At one time they had
eight thousand cases that they could not reach.
We are told to-day by the Senator from Indi-
ana that they have five thousand cases not yet
touched. Tliey make the examination and re-
port to the Secretary of War the facts of the
case, and make up the record. It goes to the
Secretary of War and to the President, who
has the final decision to make.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator one question: why the necessity of in-
troducing this expression "military commis-
sions," when a military commission is not a
military court known to existing laws?
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
I suppose to-day there are several hundred
cases yet unacted upon in this bureau of the
action of military commissions as well as courts-
martial and courts of-inquiry. These cases go
there. The bureau never hear of them until
they get there. They take thorn up usually in
their order as they come along, unless in special
cases, like the one the Senator referred to just
now. I have had two or three cases of the
kind during the winter of officers who have
been court-martialed or tried in some way, to
which I called the attention of the "War De-
partment, and they have had the cases exam-
ined and harried on for action. I suppose
theie are reports of military commissions yet
unrevised and unrecorded in that office.
If the Senator desires to pass an act that
there shall be no military commissions in time
of war, I do not know that I would object to
it. We authorized, by law, the establishment
of military commissions for certain purposes.
I believe they have rendered great service dur-
ing the war. There is no doubt they have
made some mistakes, and so have courts-mar-
tial. All those tribunals are liable to mis-
takes ; I think more liable than judicial tribu-
nals are. But while these cases go to the
bureau I think they ought to be acted upon.
Suppose the Senator's attention was now called
to a case of the action of a military commis-
sion which has been sent to. the office here and
not been touched, and there it remains. Some
person is wronged by it, the Senator thinks.
He wishes the case examined, and he goes to
the War Department and asks to have the ease
called up. Now, why should it not be and dis-
posed of? If the Senator desires to get rid of
military commissions altogether, let us pass a
simple act of that kind; but while we have
them, and while we now have every reason to
believe there are before this very bureau re-
ports of military commissions that concern the
rights of men, why not let this bureau pass upon
them, revise and record the cases, reexamine
them, or do anything _with them in order to
reach the ends of justice?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the Senator
I will say that I would not object, of course, to
the review of oases that have already taken
place. If the court have no jurisdiction, I want
the Judge Advocate General to say so, and set
aside their findings; but I do not want to rec-
ognize by general legislation a military court
not known to our system. But with the expla-
nation of the Senator that his purpose is to dis-
pose of the cases that have been already tried,
and with that understanding, I shall not insist
on my amendment. I think it is desirable that
the cases that have been alreaJy tried should
be disposed of. I think it is very important
there should be an appellate military court.
With the understanding that it is to dispose of
the cases already there, I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana withdraws his amendment,
and the question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware to strike out the twelfth
section of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as a new section, to precede
the last section:
And be it further cnaeted, That the third section of
the act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of thoAimy for the year ending Juno
30,1866," shall continue in force until otherwise pro-
vided by law.
Mr. WILSON. What is that?
Mr. HARRIS. In the appropriation bill of
last year a section was incorporated providing
that during the continuance of tho present re-
bellion, the commutation price of officers' sub-
sistence shall be fifty cents per ration. That
provision is to terminate with the rebellion,
whenever that may be. Whether that has oc-
curred yet or not, perhaps is a matter of a good
deal of'doubt. My objcct in offering this amend-
I merit is to continue the price of rations until
: otherwise provided by law, as it now is, at fifty
cents instead of thirty cents.
Mr. WILSON. That would increase the pay
of the Army that much. If the Senate is pre-
pared to do that, I do not know that it is un-
just in itself. By the old law, the ration was
valued at thirty cents. During the war it was
provided that while the rebellion continued, it
should be valued at fifty cents ; and the Sen-
ator now proposes to continue it at fifty cents.
Mr. HARRIS. For the present, until other-
wise provided by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what is paid now, fifty or thirty cents.
Mr. WILSON. Fifty cents, except to per-
sons who have fuel and quarters. They are
excepted.
Mr. HARRIS. This amendment does not
apply to those who have fuel and quarters. It
only applies to officers in tlie field. Where
