1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
tutional, I shall endeavor to show by a candid
and dispassionate examination of the Presi-
dent's various objections.
He begins these objections with the very first
lines of the bill, which declare that "all per-
sons born in the United States, and not subject
to any foreign Power, (excluding Indians not
taxed,) are citizens of the United States."
The bill as originally introduced did not con-
tain this provision. It was believed by myself
and many others that all native-born persons
since the abolition of slavery were citizens of
the United States. This was the opinion of
Mr. Bates, the Attorney General during Mr.
Lincoln's Administration, the opinion adopted
by his Administration and acted upon sincc by
all departments of the Executive Government,
including the Secretary of State, who has issued
passports to persons of color recognizing them
as citizens. It was the opinion expressed by
Mr. Marey when Secretary of State that all
persons born in the United States were citizens
of the United States, not referring, of course,
to slaves, slavery at that time existing in the
country. The President does not object to this
declaration in the bill as unconstitutional. He
does, however, say that—
" It d.Qes not purport to declare or confer any other
right of citizcnshipthanFederalcitizen.ship. Itdocs
not purport to give these classes of persons any statu*
as citizens of States, except that which may re&ult
from thou* status as citizens of the United States.
The power to confcr the right of State citizenship is
just as exclusively with the several States as the
power to confer the right of Federal citizenship is
with Congress."
"We all know that no State has authority to
make a citizen of the United States. The Con-
stitution of the United States vests in Congress
the sole power of naturalization, and it may
make a citizen of a foreigner j but is it true
that when a person becomes a citizen of the
United States he is not also a citizen of every
State where he may happen to be? On this
point I will refer to a decision pronounced by
the Supremo Court of tiuQ United States, deliv-
ered by Chief Justice Marshall, the most em-
inent jurist who ever sat upon an American
bench. In the case of Gassies vs. Ballon, re-
ported in 0 Peters, the Chief Justice, in deliv-
ering the opinion of the court, says:
" The defendant in error is alleged in the proceed-
ings to be a citizen of the United States, naturalized
in Louisiana, and residing there. This is equivalent
to an averment that he is a citizen of that State.
A citizen of the United States residing in any State of
the Union, is a citizen of that State"
Mr. JOHNSON". From what page does the
Seuator read ? *
Mr. TRUMBULL. Sixth Peters,page 702.
This was the only point in the case. And, sir,
uuless this authority is to be disregarded, the
President of the United States is mistaken in
his law, and it is not true that when a man is
made a citizen of the United States he is not
also a citizen of any State where he may choose
to reside.
The President next tells us that—
"The light of Federal citizenship thus to be con-
ferred on the several excepted races before men-
tioned is now for the first time proposed to be given
by law."
This is not a misapprehension of the law, but
a mistake in fact, as will appear by references
to which J shall call the attention of the Sen-
ate, and which will show that the President's
facts are as bad as his law. If the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] wishes to take a note
of the authorities he will find in Lawrence's
Wheaton on International Law the various
statutes of the United States referred to upon
this subject. I read from page 897 of that
work:
"There have been in the United States several cases
of collective naturalization by annexation of terri-
tory. Qgthe third article of the iirst convention of
April 30,1800, with France, for the cession of Louis-
iana, it is provided that the inhabitants of the ceded
territory shall be incorporated into the Union of the
United States, and admitted, as soon as possible, ac-
cording to the principles of the Federal Constitution
to the enjoyment of the rights, advantages, and im-
munities of citizens of the United States. (Statutes-
at~Large, vol. 8, p. 'Mi.) A provision to the same
effect is to be found in the sixth article of the treaty
Ox 1819, with Spain, for the purchase of the Floridas.
(Ib., p. 256.) By the eighth article of the treaty of 1848,
with Mexico, those Mexicans who remained in the
territories coded, and who did not declare their in-
tention within oneyearto continue Mexican citizens
were to be deemed citizens of the Uniied) States.
(Ib., vol. 9, p. 930.) By the annexation of Texas,
under a resolution of Congress of March 1, 1845, and
its admission into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States, December 29,]845, allthe citizens
of the former republic became, without any express
declaration, citizens of the United States, (lb., vol.
5, p. 798; vol. 9, p. 108.)"
Again, at page 899 :
"A collective naturalization may also take place
of a class of persons, natives of the country or other-
wise, and who, without any act on the part ot the
individuals, may bo made citizens." * * * *
"In the United States it is incorrect to suppose that
alien, as opposed to citizen, implies foreigner as re-
spects the country. Indians are the subjects of the
United States, and thereiore arc not, in mere right of
home birth, citizens of the United States. !N or can
they become citizens under the existing naturaliza-
tion laws, but they may be made citizens by some
competent act of the General Government, by treaty
or otherwise." *
"By the treaty of September 27,1830, provision is
made for such heads of families of the Ohoctaws as
desire to remain and become citizens of the Uni-
ted States. (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 7, p. 335.) There
is also a provision in the treaty of December 29,1835,
with the Cherokees in reference to such individuals
and families as are averse to a removal west of the
Mississippi, and are desirous to become citizens of the
States where they reside. (/&., p. 483.) By the act
of March 3,1843, it is provided that, on the comple-
tion of certain arrangements lor partitioning the
lands of the tribe among its members, 'the Stock-
bridge tribe of Indians, and each and every of them,
shall be deemed to be, and from that time forth are
hereby declared to be, citizcns of the United States
to all intents and purposes, and shall be entitled
to all rights, privileges, and immunities of such citi-
zens.' (See Statutcs-at-Largc, vol. 5, p. 047.)"
By these various, treaties, resolutions, and
acts of Congress, it will be observed that French-
men and Spaniards, Mexicans and Indians,
have at different times been made citizens of
the United States; and among them some of
the very classes of persons mentioned in this
bill; and yet the President tells us that this
right of Federal citizenship is now for the first
time proposed to be given by law.
"If," says the President, "as is claimed by
many, all persons who arc native-born already
are, by virtue of the Constitution, citizens of
the United States, the passage of the pending
bill cannot be necessary to make them such."
That is true; but is the Piesident to learn
now lor the first time that rule to be found in
the very horn-books of the law, that an act
declaring what the law is, is one of the most
common of acts passed by legislative bodies?
When there is any question as to what the law
is, and for greater certainty, it is the most com-
mon thing in the world to pass a statute de-
claring it. My opinion is, such was the opinion
of the Attorney General, such the opinion of
the present Secretary of State, such the opin-
ion of Mr. Lincoln's Administration in all its
departments, such I believe to be the prevail-
ing opinion in the United States, that all na-
tive-born persons not subject to a fo"?eign Power
are by virtue of their birth citizens of the Uni-
ted States. But some dispute this; and hence
for greater certainty it is proper to pass this
law, and the fact of its being a declaratory act
is now made a reason for disapproving it by a
President.
11 But if such is not the law," says the Pres-
ident, "the grave question presents itself,
whether, when eleven of the thirty-six States are
unrepresented in Congress at the present time,
it is sound policy to make our entire colored pop-
ulation and all other excepted classes citizens
of the United States?" This is a standing ob-
jection in all the veto messages of the Presi-
dent, not urged, it seems, against all bills, for
the President tells us in this message that he
has signed some forty bills. Why is it made
an objection to this bill? The President does
not state it as an objection applicable to this
particular bill. It is a general objection which
he makes applicable alike to all bills; and if
there is anything in it, no bill can pass the
Congress of the United States till these States
are represented here. Sir, whose fault is it
that eleven States are not represented? Bv
what fault of theirs is it that twenty-five loyal
States which have stood by this Union and by
the Constitution are to be deprived of their
right to legislate? If the reason assigned is a
good one now, it has been a good .<:!•- ail the
time for the last five years. If the fact that
some States have rebelled against the Govern-
ment is to take from the Government the right
to legislate, then the criminal is to take ad-
vantage of his crime; the innocent are to be
punished for the guilty.
Within a few days the President has issued
a proclamation, not of peace, as the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] seemed to sup-
pose, not a proclamation declaring that the
rebellion is over, but that in certain States it
is over. The President does not tell us that
Texas, one of the States that was in rebellion,®
is in a condition to be represented here; and
if we are to wait for these eleven States before
legislating, must we not wait for Texas? The
same principle would require us to wait for
Texas as for the others, and she has not yet
reorganized any form of government. Those
States which have undertaken to reorganize
have not yet been recognized as having a re-
publican form of government entitling them to
representation. The Representatives chosen
by most of them are persons fresh from the
rebel congress or from the rebel armies, men
•who could not take the requisite oath to entitle
them to admission to seats. Are we to abstain
from all necessary legislation for the nation un-
til these States shall lie admitted to representa-
tion, which as organized refuse to send Repre-
sentatives entitled to admission, and insist on
thrusting into Congress men whose hands are
dripping with the blood of loyal men? Is the
vice president of the rebel confederacy, is his
colleague, one of the senators in the rebel con-
gress, to come here to legislate for the loyal
people of this country? Are the men who or-
ganized a government that carried on a four
years' war against us, as the result of which
this nation has had to expend more than three
thousand million dollars, and as a consequence
of which more than a quarter of a million of
patriotic heroes have laid down their lives upon
the battle-field and in Army hospitals—are
those men to come here to legislate for the
loyal people of this country?
Sir, States can only be represented through
State organizations. The members of this"body
can only be elected by Slate Legislatures.
Members of the other House can only be elected
in pursuance of State laws. Hence, as prelim-
inary to any representation of a State in either
House of Congress, it must first be determined
whether there is a State government, whether
there is a State Legislature having authority
to eliet Senators, having authority to provide
laws under which Representatives may be
elected. There certainly was a time when there
were no sneh Legislatures in any ofthese eleven
States. There was a time when the only or-
ganized government in either of them was hos-
tile to the United States, when every officer in
it had abjured his allegiance to the United
States and sworn allegiance to a government
hostile thereto. Will anybody pretend that
while the State government was in such hands
it was entitled to representation in either House
of Congress ? If not, shall we not inquire
whether it has passed out of such hands and
into the hands of loyal men? And who but
Congress is competent to make this inquiry ?
Mr. Lincoln, in the last speech he ever made,
alluding to his plan of reconstruction, said:
" I distinctly stated that this was not the only plan
which mis?ht po^ibiy be acccptable: and / also dis-
tinctly protested that the. Ereeutive claimed no right to
say ivhen or whether members should be admitted to seats
in Congress from such States.*'
Sir, this proposition that no bill is to be
passed because certain States are unrepre-
sented, when their being unrepresented is ilielr
own fault, would if sanctioned and acted upon
be utterly destructive of the Government.
But the President tells us that " the bill, in
effect, proposes a discrimination against large
numbers of intelligent, worthy, and patriotic
foreigners, and in favor of the negro." is that
true ? What is the bill? It declares that there
