692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ties which are to compose the State of West
Virginia; and among them we nowhere find
mention made of the counties named in the
pewlinff joint resolution; and they are not in-
cluded in the forty-eight counties which Con-
gress agrees shall constitute West Virginia. It
does not name the counties of Berkeley and
Jefferson.
The committee say this was a contract on
the part of Virginia which cannot be recalled;
and in order to substantiate that ground they
refer to the action of Congress, Virginia, and
West Virginia, giving their consent to the ad-
mission of the latter State into the Union, which
cannot be now withdrawn. We are told when
' that contract was entered into it could no more
be annulled than any ordinary contract in refer-
ence to land.
The gentleman also refers, as evidence to show
that Virginia had no right to withdraw her au-
thority aud consent, that when jurisdiction was
granted over the District of Columbia, and the
States sold dock-yards, grounds for forts, and
United States buildings to the Federal Govern-
ment, they might withdraw their consent as well
as in this ease. Sir, they could not withdraw
their consent. Why? Because it only took two
parties to make that contract, namely, the Con-
gress of the United States and the States where
the dock-yards, buildings, grounds, and forts
were located: and when Congress entered into
that agreement with the State it was final and
irrevocable, and required the action of no other
party in order to complete it. Therefore, those
cases have no bearing whatever on the point
here.
Now, how does Ihe case stand? If old Vir-
ginia was a State de jure in 1803, when West
Virginia was admitted into the Union, and the
last act of the Legislature of Virginia giving hei
consent to the transfer in 1800 was valid, and
she a State dejure, how could she have been a
government de facto in only two years after,
because when she gave her consentto this trans-
fer the State of Virginia was almost solely—
much more thai>^it any other time—under the
control of the confederate army. How could she
have been a State de jure then, with the right
to exercise sovereign power in conveying away
a part of her own territory any more limn she
was in 18G5, when she revoked her consent,
and after the Union has been restored, when
the war was at an end, when peace reigned, when
her Legislature has been recognized, when the
mails are carricd through her territory, and when
her Governor and her Representatives to Con-
gress, elected by the people, have been recog-
nised by the executive branch of the Govern-
ment? If the argument is good that because
the departments of this Government recog-
nized the State of West Virginia, and of old
Virginia in J 802 or 180.'!, is it not good now?
Do not tliev recognize it? Docs not the Presi-
dent of the United States recognize it? Do not
all the otiieersin the Cabinet recognize it in the
same way ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
yield for a question ?
Mr. ROGERS. 1 will not object to yielding
if it does not come out of my time. 1 have no
time to spare. Now, the committee admit the
fact that West Virginia has not acquired these
two counties through any consent of Congress,
unless article four, section sixteen of her con-
stitution, by which she was admitted into the
Union, can be construed constructively to give
such consent, which seems to be the idea con-
tained in the report of the committee on page
2. Now, I have shown by the opinions of the
court that it is necessary for Congress to give
consent,^ and by the act of Congress that it did
not give its consent to the incorporation of more
than forty-eight counties into the State of West
v lrgmia.
1 propose to offer an amendment to the re-
port ofthe committee. Although I believe that
every exercise of jurisdiction over these coun-
ties on the part of Wept Virginia is null and
"void, all 1 ask is that tliis question shall be seat
back to the counties of Jefferson and Berkeley.
80 that the people may voto upon it according
to the laws of the country, whether they want
to be admitted and incorporated into West Vir-
ginia or to remain with old Virginia. I propose
this amendment, to come in at the end of the
bill:
Provided, That the question of the annexation of
the said counties shall be referred to a vote of the
people of each of them at an election to bo held on
the second Tuesday of April next, by commissioners
appointed by the Governor of Virginia, andamajority
of the legal voters of said counties under the laws of
Virginia shall, at said election, be found in favor of
such annexation.
But how am I met ? I am now going to
answer that argument. I am met by the argu-
ment of the learned gentleman who reported
this bill, that we have no right to send this
proposition back to these counties for their
action. Why not? When West Virginia pre-
sented herself here under the agreement be-
tween herself and old Virginia to be admitted
into the Union by act of Congress, she was
refused admission and was sent back and told
that when that State abolished slavery she could
be admitted under the Constitution as a free
State by act of Congress. And a new section
was added to the constitution, and it was sub-
mitted to the people in March, 1863, and in
April, 1803, the State was admitted upon the
conditions prescribed by Congress, to wit, the
abolition of slavery. But that constitution was
never submitted to these counties. And it was
not until January, 1803, that Virginia gave her
consent to the transfer of these counties by a
mere act of her Legislature. She was a State
dejure then, to exorcise one of the highest acts
of sovereignty in the transfer of her domain.
She was a State de jure a few months ago in
repealing her act for transfer. Her de jure sov-
ereignty as a State has since Leon acknowledged
in her ratifying the constitutional amendment.
1 f she was not a State dejure in 18b3, when she
gave her consent,iter act was null and void,
and the exercise of authority by West Virginia
is usurpation on that account; but upon every
view of the case, West Virginia usurped her
powers in controlling these counties before Con-
gress consented.
^ If Congress had a right to send back West
Virginia for the purpose of having a vote there
and a now constitution formed, so that the re-
quirements of Congress might be comolied with
by West Virginia, will any gentleman v.ho is a
lawyer tell me that Congress has not the right
under that same inherent power to order that
an election shall be held in these counties to
take the sense of the people whether they shall
be added on to Y\ est Virginia or remain in the
gallant State of old Virginia?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If Congressnow
sends back the question to the people, by what
means can Congress compel the people to take
a vote upon this question?
Mr. ROGERS. By the same means by which
Congress compelled West Virginia to takeavote
on amending her constitution. An election mav
be held there in such manner as Congress may
dictate under the laws of old Virginia. Con-
gress has the right to send back t his question to
the people of these counties. The same tiling
was done in the case of Kansas. When the Ter-
ritory of Kansas came hero with a State consti-
tution, because that constitution did not comply
with certain conditions which Congress thought
ought to be imposed, it was sent back to the
people of the Territory, and they voted upon it
before Congress would a dmit that Territory into
the Union as a State. There is no doubt that
anybody that has power to carry any act into
cft'ect has the inherent right to do everything
that by necessary implication goes with'it. i
hold it a well-settled principle of law that old
Virginia had no right to transfer part of her
territory to another State unless her organic law
gave her the right to do so. There was never
any feature in the constitution of \ irginia under
which she could tiansfer her territory in this
manner. This was a simple act of the Legis-
lature of Virginia, held under the pressure of
despotism and tyranny in time of civil commo-
tion, and that Legislature had no right to trans- i
fer away a part of the territory of Virginia unless !
the organic law gave the Legislature the power
to do it. And to prove my position, we see by
the rejjoit of the committee that the State of
West Virginia has put in a section in its organic
law that new territory may be admitted by the
Legislature. But suppose the organic law of
West Virginia had made no provision for that,
will gentlemen on the other side tell me that
West Vii'ginia would then have had the right to
make any such compact, by virtue of a mere
act of her Legislature, any more than the sol-
diers of Pennsylvania and New York would
have had a right to vote in the field without
a change of the constitutions of those States ?
That clause in the organic law can only be con-
strued to mean that new territory may be added
to the State, by the Legislature, with the con-
sen', of Congress.
But, sir, 1 call the attention of the radical
party on the other side of the House to the fact
that if the assent of Congress is given to the
addition of these counties to West Virginia,
you recognize both West Virginia and old Vir-
ginia as States, legally constituted States, States
dejure, incorporated into this Union. I would
like the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] the leader of the other side of the
House, to show me the consistency of a vote
upon his part for an act of Congress ratifying
what the States of Virginia and West Virginia
have done, when he claims that when the war
was commenced the southern States beeamo
dead, lost their State existence, and became
mere Territories.
And not only that, but the action of this
House has decided that these counties did not
constitute a part of West Virginia. 1 refer
the House to the report made by the Commit-
tee of Elections in the case of McKenzie vs.
Kitchen. All the members of that committee
were men of intelligence and members of the
Republican party, and most if not all lawyers.
That committee decided, without a dissent-
ing voice, that Berkeley and .1 eiferson counties
belonged to old Virginia, and that they were
no part of the territory of West V irginia. The
report says:
"But the claimant, McTCcnzie, by his notice of con-
test, contends that Berkeley county, where Kitchen
i eceived n large vote, and without which he would be
in a small minority, wo5, 011 the day of election, no
part, nt the seventh congressional district of Virginia,
but was at that time a pail of West Viiginni, and
consequently not entitled to vote for a Representative
in this district."
That report was made on February 8, 1804,
about two years ago. Let us see what it says
further :
" Under the first of those acts of the Srtr- of Vir-
ginia, it docs not appeal that anything was done by
the voters of Berkeley, Jetler^on, and Fiederick. to
'l.ltiiy and assent to the said constitution ' oi U'est
Virginia, as provided in that act; and if not, of course
the act had no effect in transicrring tlio county of
Berkeley to West Virginia."
That committee in their report admit that the
constitution of West Virginia has not been sub-
mitted to the vote of the people of Berkeley
and Jefferson counties. Then; was some clause
in that constitution by which commissioners
should set the time andplaccs where the election
should be held : but none was held. And the
only election held in Jeflerson anil Berkeley
counties was in two places, Harper's Perry and
Shcpherdstown, which were both under the con-
trol ot the military ; and only about one hundred
votes were east out of a vote ot' twenty-live or
twenty-six hundred votes. The committee say:
"Ifthcydidproccedto 'ratify andas=ent,'a= therein
required, stilt neither of these enuuues is embraced in
the act of Congress admitting West Virginia, passed
December 31, 1802."
The Committee of Elections make the same
argument that I make now. When that argu-
ment was made by them, it was potential and
powerful in this House , and when made by me,
is it to be entitled to no consideration simply
beeauso I do not happen to agree with honor-
able gentlemen on the other side of the House ?
I submit that this is no political question, but a
question of jurisdiction between States, which
has yet to receive the sanction of the Supreme
Court of the United States. And let us deal
with this question as we would with any other
