3676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
the Government furnishes rations now in bind
they cannot furnish them at fifty cents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should very much pre-
fer that the Senator from Massachusetts would
bring before us the House bill that fixes the
pay of Army officers, so that we could under-
stand it. I have never been able to know how
much was paid to an officer in the Army under
this Government. There are half a dozen pro-
visions in the bill under consideration that par-
ticular officers are to have the pay of colonels
of cavalry. I suppose that that means they
ore to get more pay than an ordinary colonel,
under some pretense or other or some sort of
device. I do not know how much a colonel
of cavalry gets more than any other colonel,
but I have no doubt he gets more, or else such
a provision would not be inserted in this bill.
Mr. WILSON. Staff officers, who have to
use horses, are allowed more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish it was put in in-
telligible language, so that the common people
of the country and those who make the laws
could tell what the pay of an Army officer was.
There are so many regulations changing it that
I confess I do not know what the pay is._ We
ascertained in the Senate, accidentally, in the
discussion of a bill & few days ago—it was
Brought to our notice, I believe, by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle]—that the pay
of the Navy had been increased some twenty
or fifty per cent., I do not remember which,
and nobody knew anything about it. The Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who watches
the financial condition of the country and the
Treasury very closely, knew nothing of it, and
was astonished when he found that the pay of
the Navy had been increased in that way; and
so it goes. If the Senator from Massachusetts'
would put upon this bill the House bill fixing
certain pay for Army officers, I would agree
to almost anything if I could understand what
it was.
Mr. WILSON. One word in regard to the
House bill. We shall report on that bill in a
day or two. I think wo shall hardly want to
sit hero during the summer to consider it. For
my pari,, I regard it as the crudest of crude
things, as working the grossest injustice and in-
equality; and I take it that the more you study
it the more you will come to that conclusion.
It increases enormously th« pay of certain offi-
cers arid cuts down others. I believe the pres-
ent system of pay to bo the wisest the wit of
man ever devised, and it is as simple as any
proposition can possibly be and easily under-
stood. There is no trouble about it at all. It
is made to adjust itself to our great country and
its varying system. That is my belief about it.
However, that lias nothing to do with the
amendment now before us, which is a very sim-
ple proposition. A ration before the war was
valued at thirty cents. It is now valued at fifty
cents. The Senator from New York proposes
that it shall continue to be fifty cents instead
of thirty cents. A lieutenant colonel receives
four rations. A colonel, I think, receives six.
The value of them is easily calculated. There
is no trouble in that respect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is all very simple to
the Senator from Massachusetts. It is easily
understood, he says. I confess I do not under-
stand it, and for my information, in a matter
that is so easily understood by him, I should
be much obliged to him if he will have the
kindness to answer me one question. Tn the
eleventh section of this bill there is a provision
that there shall be four inspectors general of
the Army, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of colonels of cavalry, and three assistant in-
spectors general, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of lieutenant colonels of cavalry. Will
the Senator from Massachusetts be kind enough
to tell me how much per annum an inspector
general, with the rank and pay and emolu-
ments of a lieutenant colonel, will receive?
I shall be very much obliged to him if he does,
and I will try to remember that so as to know
what the pay of an inspector general of cav-
alry, with the rank of a lieutenant colonel, per
annum is. If the Senator from Massachusetts,
to whom this matter is so simple, and who
knows it as well as his ABC, will be kind
enough to tell me what that pay is per annum
I shall be glad to hear it.
Mr. NESMITH. As the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts seems to be engaged I will answer
the Senator from Illinois. The pay and allow-
ances of a colonel of cavalry amount to $211
a month, and of a lieutenant colonel to $187 a
month. A colonel of infantry receives $194,
and a lieutenant colonel $170. That is the
pay and allowances per month.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose he has been in the
service twenty-five years ?
Mr. NESMITH. Then he would get an
additional ration.
Mr. WILSON. In that case he would have
$540 added to his pay.
Mr. GRIMES. How much would be his
commutation for quarters ? That is not men-
tioned in that list.
Mr. NESMITH. This is on the supposition
that the Government furnishes him his quar-
ters.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose the Government
does not.
Mr. NESMITH. If the Government send
him to a place where it is difficult to obtain
quarters, of course then they pay the commu-
tation value. We cannot pass a law regulating
what shall be the cost of quarters and fuel,
which varies with every; post in the country.
The law is founded in wisdom, and is in itself,
just, that where an officer is stationed at a post
where fuel and quarters are high he shall be
paid in proportion to their cost. This pay that
1 have stated is based upon the presumption
that the Government furnishes the quarters and
fuel. This embraces his pay per month, the
number of rations, with the monthly commu-
tation value, the number of servants allowed
per month and the commutation value, and
everything of that sort.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator from
Oregon has volunteered to instruct us on this
subjcct, and I am not apt enough scholar yet
to understand it, he will excuse me for press-
ing the inquiry a little further, as he is posted
in these matters. In answer to a question of
mine as to how much an inspector general with
the rank and pay of a lieutenant colonel of
cavalry received per annum, he has read, I
suppose, from the Army Register the monthly
pay. I should like to know of the Senator
whether his pay for commutation of ratiens
does not depend upon the character of the
service he is in, and whether he has any al-
lowances for quarters, and whether the num-
ber of his servants or tho number of horses
for which ho has allowances does not depend
upon the character of the service or where
he is. Will the Senator be kind enough to
tell me?
Mr. NESMITH. The pay for his rations
and commutation of rations and for servants is
not varied by tho service which he is rendering.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the same always,
is it?
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir; but the commu-
tation for fuel and quart ers varies at the differ-
ent posts at which he may be stationed. For
instance, it has been higher during the war at
Washington than at any other point; but the
other commutation allowances are not varied,
as I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand that
my instructor does not know himself what it is,
just as I stated to begin with. I hope now, he
having volunteered to inform us what the pay
per annum was, and having failed, and having
admitted in the presence of the Senate that the
pay depends upon circumstances that lie does
not know anything about, that he will allow the
instructor-in-chief, who says itisperfectly plain,
to tell us what it is per annum.
Mr. NESMITH. I never undertook to in-
struct so dull a scholar before. [Laughter.]
I did say precisely what the pay and com-
mutation allowances were per month ; and I
supposed that the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, with all his capacity, was able to mul-
tiply that amount by twelve, and ascertain pre-
eiselywhat itwouldbe perannum. Of course,
if an officer is engaged on service traveling
he is allowed commutation for traveling ex-
penses, six c^nts a mile. As I remarked when
up before, the commutation varies accordi ng to
the duty he is orderedupon, notthe pay proper
or the commutation allowances for servants
and rations, but the pay for traveling expenses.
The pay for traveling expenses atone time was
different on this side and on the Pacific side.
It was ten cents a mile some time ago; and we
have cut it down to six cents. If an officer is
ordered to travel, he gets his pay proper per
month, his commutation for rations, and ser-
vants, and then gets his six cents per mile, but
he gets no commutation for fuel and quarters.
As the Senator is so very fastidious about the
mode of my answer, and complains about my
being a bad instructor, I can only retaliate by
saying that he is a dull student. If he will
state any particular circumstances under which
an officer is placed, in which he would like to
know exactly what his pay is, I will cipher it
out to his satisfaction. It is very easily done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest, I
think, from what the Senator from Oregon
says, that he is unable to tell what the pay of
an officer is, or what it will be for the next
year. He has admitted now that that pay de-
pends upon the character of the service he
performs, whether he travels about, whether
he has*quarters provided for him, or whether
he has allowances for fuel and quarters. Those
are the very things that render it uncertain.
Of course, we all knew that a certain amount
per month was allowed; but I undertake to
say now, from what the Senator himself has
stated, that he cannot tell what the pay of those
officers he is creating is to be for the next year.
Will the Senator from Oregon undertake to
tell me how much an inspector general who
acts as a lieutenant colonel of cavalry will re-
ceive under this bill for the next year—not
what he did receive for last year? If he will,
then I can understand it; but if he tells me
that it is to depend on how much he travels,
the Senator does not know how much he will
travel. If he tells me that it is to depend on
how much fuel he has, and how long he has
quarters furnished him, and how long he fur-
nishes them himself, of coursc it depends upon
future events which neither he nor I know any-
thing about.
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will permit me, I will say that he has
gone off upon a grand system of mystification.
The thing itself is as simple as that two and
two make four. He starts out by making it up
with something like the proposition, if a cord
of wood measures one hundred and twenty-
eight feet, what will a bag of wool weigh?
[Laughter.] I cannot undertake to determine
the proposition upon that sort of premises. I
can tell him exactly what a colonel of cavalry
receives per month, what his commutation for
rations and servants is, and if he does not get
his quarters and fuel, what his commutation
for that will be. If he travels ten thousand
miles he will get six cents a mile; what does that
amount to? The Senator can figure that. If
he only travels one thousand miles, he only
gets six cents for that. If he travels two miles
and a half he will get precisely fifteen cents.
[Laughter.] Those, it seems to me, areallprop-
ositions that are plain and simple enough. You
do not hear any paymaster who undertakes to
pay the Army hesitate a moment about this.
The thing is just as simple as that two and two
make four. The commutatioir for fuel-and
quarters depends upon the place where the
officer is located. Here in washington there
was one price during the war. It is usually
established at about the price the fuel and
quarters cost
The Senator referred to the pay bill that
passed the House as being of very great con-
sequence, and which it was very proper that
we should pass here. I can tell him that an
officer might be sent to a military post where
his entire salary under that bill would not pay
