2716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
conem-recfm. Thejointresolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
tlie third time, and passed.
MINERAL-WATER BOTTLES.
Mr. MORRILL. I now mo\ e that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 205.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to i
consider the bill (S. No. 265) to protect the !
manufacturers of mineral waters in the Dis- !
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes. It j
provides that ail manufacturers and venders of j
mineral waters and other beverages in bottles, j
upon which their names or their mark or marks j
shall be respectively impressed, may file with j
the clerk of the supreme court of the District
of Columbia description of such bottles and
of the name or marks thereon, and cause the
same to be published for not less than two
weeks successively in a daily or weekly news-
paper published in the District of Columbia.
It is to be unlawful for any person or persons
hereafter, without the permission of the owner
or owners, to fill with mineral waters or other
beverages any such bottles so marked, or to
sell, dispose of, or to buy, or to traffic in any
such bottles so marked and not bought by
him or her of such owner or owners; and
every person so offending is to be liable to a
penalty of fifty cents for every bottle so filled,
or sold, or used, or disposed of, or bought, or
trafficked in, for the first offense ; and of five
dollars for every subsequent offense, to be
recovered as" other fines in the District of
Columbia.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with two amendments. The
first amendment was in section one, line four,
after the word "beverages" to insert " bylaw
allowable so that it will read :
That all manufacturers and venders of mineral
waters and other beverages by law allowable in bot-
tles, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
third section of the bill in the following words:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the fact of
any person other than the rigbtful owner thereof
using any such bottles for the sale therein of any
beverage shall be prima facie proof of the unlawful
use or purchase of such bottles as aforesaid, and aDy
owner or owners, or agent nf such owner or owners,
who shall make oath or affirmation beiore any jus-
tice of the peace that he has reason to believe, and
does believe, that any of his bottle?, stamped and
registered as aforesaid, are being unlawfully used or
arc concealed by any person or persons selling or
manufacturing mineral waters or other beverages,
that the said justice of the peace shall thereupon
issue a process, (in the nature of a search-warrant,)
directed to any policeman, commanding him to search
the premises, vrasons, carts, or other places of the
offender or offenders where said bottles arc alleged
to b", and if upon such search any bottles so marked
shall be found, to bring the same, together with the
person or persons in whose po;=ession they may be
found, befoie said justice of the pence, there to be
dealt with according to the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. JOHNSON subsequently entered a
motion to reconsider the vote -by which the
bill was passed.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 11.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to know
what that bill is.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a very well-known
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from .Massachusetts moves to take up the
bill (H. II. No. 11) to facilitate commercial,
posital, and military communication among the
several States.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that will not be
taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us .dispose of it to-day.
Mr. MORRILL. That bill involves a con-
stitutional question. I hope the Senator will
allow me to-day to clear the Calendar of mat-
ters pertaining to the District of Columbia. I
have here half a dozen very small measures
that I have been waiting some time to get an
opportunity to pass, and if I do not get to-day
I am sure I shall not get a day this fortnight.
I think the public interests will be much better
subserved by passing these practical measures
than by going into the discussion of an abstract
constitutional question to-day. I wish to dis-
pose of these bills now. and it is possible that
we can pass the Senator's bill afterward.
These bills are small matters which will take
no great time anyway.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not like a remark that
the Senator has just made.
Mr. MORRILL. I will withdraw it. then,
for the sake of conciliation. I do not know
what it was.
Mr. SUMNER. He speaks of a certain bill
that has already passed the House_ of Repre-
sentatives twice, and been on the point of pass-
ing the Senate, I do not know how many times,
and has just failed, through the extraordinary
and superhuman exertions of my excellent
friend, as an abstraction. I believe the bill
that I wish to have proceeded with is a practi-
cal measure: that there is nothing abstract in
it. It is to meet and cope with the railroad
monopoly in New Jersey. But if 1 can have
the Senator's favor hereafter on another oc-
casion 
Mr. MORRILL. I will favor the honorable
Senator with all I have to say on that bill the
first time he gets it up, if he will allow me this
indulgence to-day, -\\hich will not be much.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I hope the Senator
will bear in mind that one good turn deserves
another, and if I make no opposition to his
proceeding with his measures to-day, ho will
be very indulgent to this measure which has
the sanction of the House of Repre.entatives,
and has come hero for the sanction of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator
does not require me to state my opposition
until I accept that compromise.
Mr. StJMNER. Underthese circumstances
I withdraw my motion.
ACADEMY OF MUSIC OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
510.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H, R. No. 510) to incorpo-
rate the Academy of Music of Washington city.
It authorizes Max Strakosch, William G. Pope,
Max Muretzek, W. G. Metzerott, Joseph J.
May, B. F. Ishervvood, John G. Clark, Henry
C. Sherman, Carl Bergman, and!1. C. Adams,
or any five of them, to receive subscriptions to
the capital stock of a company to be denomi-
nated the Academy of Music of Washington,
District of Columbia, which company is to
have the usual powers and privileges of a
corporation. The capital stock is to consist
of ten thousand shares at fifty dollars a share.
The president and directors are to be author-
ized. on behalf of the company, to purchase
and hold in fee-simple, or lease for a term of
years, real estate in the city of Washington suf-
ficient to enable them to erect thereon a build-
ing suitable for operatic, dramatic, and other
entertainments, in such manner, and upon such
terms, as may be by them deemed for the best
interests of the company.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment to strike
out the seventh section of the bill, in the fol-
lowing words:
Skc. 7. And. he it fvrther enacted, That the srt id com-
pany are hereby authorized to borrow money to an
amount not exceeding thcircapital stock, upon bonds
to be issued by said company, secured upon their
property and franchises: Provided, That no bond
shall be issued for a less sum than $100, and bearing
a greater rate of interest than seven per cent, per
annum.
Mr. MORRILL. I am rather inclined to
hope that the Senate will negative this amend-
ment. This seventh section authorizes the
company to borrow money on mortgage of
the iranchise and capital stock. The commit-
tee, as a general statement, were rather opposed
to the principle. I did not suppose it was of
very much importance anyway, but those who
are interested in the enterprise have called
upon us to say that they deem this section very
important to the success of the academy. On
the whole, as I suppose no possible injury can
result from it, I am rather inclined to hope
that the Senate will allow the Academy of
Music to have their own way on that subject.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WILSON. Some days ago, in debate,
I alluded to Lieutenant Colonel McKelvy,
nominated as marshalfor western Pennsylvania.
I stated that he had been tried by a court-mar-
tial and ordered to be dismissed, and would
have been dismissed the service and imptisoned
had it not been for the interference of friends.
I received a communication from a gentleman
of character and standing making that state-
ment, stating that he would have been not only
dismissed the service, as he was ordered to be
h by a court-martial, but would have been im-
i| prisoned had it not been for the interference
!i of General Moorhead, of his district. I have
11 since had placed in my hands a copy of the
i record of the trial, and I rise simply to say that
j on examining the papers, they do not justify the
' statement made to me and which T repeated to
| the Senate. I have no disposition certainly to
; do him the least injustice in the world, and I
therefore make this explanation.
METROPOLITAN MINING COMPANY.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move the Senate
to take up for consideration Senate bill No.
178.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate
the Metropolitan Mining and Manufacturing
Company. It authorizes John Ford, George
D. U'ilhams, Thomas W. Hyde. Oliver Ed-
wards, Charles H. Herd. Samuel A. Fulton,
Charles Otis, Charles A. Ecleston, George W.
Holmes, Joseph E. Hollis, John F. Brod-
head, and Lewis P. Moody, or any five of them,
to receive subscriptions to the capital stock of
a company to be denominated the Metropoli-
tan Mining and Manufacturing Company. The
capital stock of the company is to consist of
twenty thousand shares of $100 each.
The president and directors are be author-
ized, on behalf of the company, to purchase
and hold by deed for a term cettain or in fee-
simple. lands and otherreal estate, and to carry
on the business of mining for iron ore and
other native minerals, and manufacturing and
preparing the same for nr.rket; and to issue
bonds not exceeding one half of the capital
stock, upon such terms as may be deemed for
the best interests of the company; but no bond
is to be issued for a less sum than $100. or
bearing iuterst at a rate exceeding six percent,
per annum.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, in sec-
tion one, line nine, after the words "Metro-
politan Mining and Manufacturing Company"
to insert "of the District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the ' bar-
man of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia where this company is to do its mining.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator will see that
I propose to confine the company to the Dis-
trict of Columbia. They will have no power
outside of the District.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
amendment again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not understand that
that limits the power of the company to trans-
