APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Koontz vs. Coffroth-—Mr. Koontz.
39th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
within two years; and. third, persons who es-
tablished their right to vote before the board
by the production of a receipt for payment of
 taxes, under section forty of the act of 25th of
August, 1864. These men were all in the
Army, and voted under this law, which states
specifically what shall be noted upon the.rec-
ord, and none of its provisions require that it
shall appear whether the voter voted on age or
upon payment of tax. But, I may add, why
were not the assessors of these various pre-
cincts called as witnesses, and why were not
the voters themselves called and examined
upon oath as to their right to vote ? Why
were the legitimate &nd proper modes of proof
abandoned, and the attempt made to take away
the .dearest right of the citizen by this kind of
evidence ?
The votes assailed in Bedford county are
these:
1. George C. Gondon, voted at Camp Biddle.
2. John Stineman, voted at Camp Biddle.
3. William Mock, voted at Camp Biddle.
4. James Cull, (or Carl,) voted at Lincoln hospital.
5. James Gaguely, one hundred and eighty-sixth
regiment, provost duty, Philadelphia.
6. William Ernst, voted at Mower hospital.
7. Andrew Buzzard, West Providence township.
8. John C. Sparks, Camp Carroll.
9. George McDaniels, Navy School hospital, An-
napolis, Maryland.
It does not appear from the evidence that
Gondon was not a legal voter; neither is it
shown anywhere for whom Stineman, Mock,
and Gaguely voted; nor is there any legal evi-
dence to show whether Buzzard voted at all,
or for whom. It is said that he admitted he
voted for me in the township of West Provi-
dence. Yet no list of voters of that township
is put in evidence, nor is it shown that it was
counted, even if proven to have been cast.
The testimony relating to Cull, Ernst, Sparks,
and McDaniels is too uncertain to be of any
weight whatever.
In Adams county the following votes are
assailed:
" Gettysburg Student Vote—Jacob Rhone, .T. C. Koh-
ler, J. A. Krumwine, P. H. Schaffer, Joseph Griffith,
S. S. Henry, William IX. Gottwaldt, M. G. Boyer. Tj.
A. Swope, George Grossman, Michael Coiner, Wil-
liam II. Stick, T. C. Pritchards—13."
The testimony shows that only three of these
persons voted for mc, two of whom swear pos-
itively that they considered Gettysburg their
residence at the time, and were therefore legal
voters. _ The testimony of the third is rather
uncertain as to residence, but there is no legal
proof that he voted, as there is no list of voters
in evidence for the borough of Gettysburg,
nor is it shown anywhere that this vote was
counted.
The votes assailed in Franklin county are,
Major General D. N. Couch, Major John S.
Sehultz, Captain T. B. Swearingen, and Major
Bent—4.
_ I assert, without fear of successful contra-
diction, that there is not a particle of testi-
mony to show that these men voted for me.
Why these names, along with others that the
sitting member has not proven voted for me,
are brought into this case and asked to be de-
ducted from my vote is beyond my compre-
hension. It would bo a singular proceeding
indeed to allow it to be done. A careful ex-
amination of the testimony in regard to all the
votes assailed by parol proof in the different
counties of the district will satisfy any candid
mind that no legal tribunal would be warranted
in deducting more than 3 votes from me, even
if it had been proven that these votes were
embraced in the official count.
The next class of votes to which he objects
-pre the military returns. And what is the char-
iacter of the demand made by the sitting mem-
ber upon the committee and this House? It
is that they shall deduct from the official count
sundry returns of soldiers' votes that he alleges
were embraced in it by the board of canvass-
ers simply upon the ground of informalities
9Ji the face of the papers, and without his hav-
ing produced one iota of testimony to prove
fraud in conducting any one of these elec-
tions. This demand is so preposterous that
I will not attempt an examination of these
returns in detail, but, as an instance of his
mode of assailing votes, will refer to one of
these returns, which he would have excluded-
It is the return of company K, fifth Pennsylva-
nia heavy artillery, Somerset county, and found
on page ISO. An examination of this will show
that the poll-book is complete; the oaths signed
by tire judges and clerks ; the certificate by one
judge ; that the other four officers were sworn ;
the tally-list complete, giving the names of the
voters, and the township, and county to which
they belong, with a proper certificate, signed
by the judges and clerks; a complete tally-
paper, signed by the clerks as required by law;
and a full return, in the exact form prescribed
by law, signed by the judges and clerks. In
short, it is absolutely perfect, with the single
exception that one of the clerks does not cer-
tify that one of the judges was sworn, although
said judge certifies that he administered the
oaths to the others,.and he, along with them,
signs the oath. This return gives me 23 votes
and the sitting member 8, and for this trifling
informality he would willfully disfranchise these
voters.
It will lie found, on an examination of all
these returns, that, with the exception of com-
pany E, one hundred and forty-ninth regi-
ment, (page 254,) which gives me 4 votes,
but does not show the names of the voters,
and of company B, two hundred and third
regiment, (page 2G1,) which gives me 2 votes,
with their names and residence, but does not
show, on the face of the paper, that the offi-
cers were sworn, all the other papers produced
by him give the poll-books, showing affirma-
tively that the officers were sworn, and in every
instance the names of the officers holding the
election, in many instances the full oaths and
certificates attached, in every case the list of
voters, showing their names and residence, in
every instance a tally-paper or return, which
are precisely the same in phraseology, and in
many instances giving both; thus showing who
held these elections, that they were sworn, and
the names and residence of the voters, and
being in substantial compliance with the act
of Assembly. This, I contend, was sufficient,
assuming, for the sake of the argument, that
these votes were counted, to have put the sit-
ting member upon his guard, and to have re'
quired some evidence of fraud in conducting
these elections, before they could be thrown
out. He would have the committee and the
House repeat, on a larger scale, the action of
the return judges. These returns passed the
keen scrutiny of his friends in the board of
judges, who could only pronounce the eleven
returns above referred to to be too defective
to be counted; while, by his answer and argu-
ment in this case, the sitting member Has at-
tempted to disfranchise nearly every soldier
from the sixteenth district who voted at the
October election in 1804, and that, too, with-
out producing any testimony to show fraud at
any one of the various polls held in the mili-
tary camps. The record of contested elec-
tions may be searched in vain to find a more
cruel assault upon the elective franchise than
is attempted by the sitting member in this case.
Next in order is that class of votes which the
sitting member claims should be added to his
vote, because the voters, who were deserters,
were restrained from going to thepolls for fear
of being arrested by the military; and that this
part of the case may be fully understood by the
House, T will here quote a portion of the tes-
timony in relation thereto:
"Laban Johnson, being duly sworn, doth say, that
he is a resident and voter of Southampton township,
Bedford county, Pcfinsylvania. I was atthe election
and voted on the 31th of Oetober, A. D. 1864. I am
tolerably well acquainted with most of the voters of
that township. I never know a man of the name of
James A. Shade in that township. No man of that
name went to the Army from that township that I
know of. There were soldiers at the polls from a few
minutes after they were opened until after they were
closed. They said they were there for the purpose of
taking any conscriptthatcamethere to vote from tho
township. There was a right smart company of sol-
diers there, ten or a dozen. All the conscripts were
depiived from voting except one man, who voted a
few mifiutes before the soldiers came. The soldiers
said that if they had got there a few minutes sooner
he would not have got away from there. Gideon
Smith, Aquilla Smith, David Smith, James Smith,
James Collins were deprived from voting, James
Ilook—I saw him on the road; he didn't vote. Jesse
Henser was a conscript; there, too. I didn't see Fran-
cis Donahoo that day. I saw Joseph Barnes on the
road. Amos l'errin was in the band that was on the
road to vote. These men were not permitted to eomo
in the yard that day. I saw Joseph Moss on the road
that day, and he was a conscript. The politics of
theso men were Democratic, and those thatl saw said
they were going to vote for Coffroth.
" Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna, under protest:
I was a clerk at the polls and passed in and out of
the election house that day. 1 Knew they were con-
scripts, and they told me that they were drafted and
hadn't gone; they were there. Gideon Smith didn't
offer his vote, and didn't come in sight of the window
that day; nor did Aquilla Smith, nor David Smith,
nor James Smith, nor James Collins, nor James
IIoolc, nor Jesso Henser, nor Francis Donahoo, nor
Joseph Barnes, nor Amos Perrin, nor Joseph Morso,
nor any other conscript except the one that voted.
The soldiers did not arrest anybody at the polls that
day. I don't know that there were men deprived of
their votes except from what they told me aiter the
election. They said that they saw the soldiers there,
and knew that they would be taken up. They cal-
culated that they would be taken up. The soldiers
were at the polls all day.
LABAN JOHNSON.
Attest:
S. L. Russell.
Lmac.Jiams, called.
Mr. Cessna makes the same objections to the evi-
dence of this witness that he did to that of the abovo
witness, Laban Johnson.
Isaac Jiams, being duly sworn, doth say, that he is
a citizen of Southampton township, Bedford county,
Pennsylvania; that he was at the election in said
township on the 11th da.y of October, A. D. 1861. The
testimony given by Laban Johnson is substantially
correct. I saw John Jiams. I talked to him. Itwas
by the soldiers being there that lie didn't vote. I saw
Joshua Ilouscr there. Theso men were Democrats,
and intended voting the Democratic ticket.
Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna:
I did not see any of these conscripts offer to vote.
There was a company of conscripts about two hun-
dred yards from the window. They saw the window.
I was with them. I don't know that they went any
nearer to offer to vote. They could see the soldiers,
and they were afraid to go to vote. They had been
told by different ones that if they went to vote they
would be picked up. his
ISAAC X JIAMS.
mark.
Attest:
S. L. Russell, Commissioner.
Richard McMullen, sworn, declares and says, that
he has been a legal voter of Napier township for many
years; that he did not vote at the election of lllh
October, 1864; tha.t he did not vote because he had
been drafted some time before the election and did
not report at the time he was bound to report; that
ho had sent his papers down by the deputy provost
marshal, who thought that hecould fix by mcpaying
him a little. The soldiers arrested him on Saturday
evening before the election. He studied about the
matter a little and saw a good opportunity to leave
them, and lie left them; that they were there at his
house two or three times searching for him, and were
there on the morning of the clcction; that about the
middle of the day of the election he understood that
there were soldiers at the polls, and that their busi-
ness there was to arrest all deserters, and he did not
on that account go to the polls; that ho would have
gone to the polls if the soldiers had not been there;
that if he had gone to the polls he would have voted
for A. H. Coffroth; that he was told that there were
soldiers at the polls by a man who had been there and
voted; that hereported at Somerset on thenext Friday
and was discharged; that he knew John Mansfield ;
that said Mansfield was with deponent on tho day of
the election avoiding the soldiers; that sJid Mans-
field did not vote; he votes the Democratic ticket.
Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna under protest:
That he made his escape from the soldiers a little
after dark; that he liyes four miles from thepolls;
that on the day of the election he was six or seven
miles from the polls, and was not at home on that
day; that he did not go to the polls to offer his vote;
that he did not go nearerto thepolls on that day than
six miles because he was afraid that ho would be ar-
rested; and the reason that lie was afraid was, that
he had been told that there were going to be soldiers
there; that John Mansfield did not go to any election
on that day.
RICHARD McMULLEX.
Attest:
S. L. Russell, Commissioner,
Mr. Reed calls A. J. Reighard. Mr. Cessna makes
the same objections to him that ho did to Laban
Johnson and lliehard McMullen.
A. J. Ilcighard, being duly sworn, doth depose and
say, that he is a legalvoterof Bedford township: that
