1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
2717
act its business entirely within the District of
Columbia. That is merely fixing the name
of the company. This corporation has very
large powers. As the bill now .stands, it .seems
to me they can transact their business anywhere
in the world. _ |
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that there j
is any law against a company incorporated in j
the District going wherever any State has a |
mind to let them go. I do not know anything ;
about this company. I never paid any atten- ;
tion to it until this moment. I know that one !
State, the State of Iowa, for instance, will i
make a corporation, and that corporation will 1
do its business in New York. My State, and ■
all the States, will incorporate a company, and j
the first we know of the company their office |
is in New York or Boston, and they are doing
business there. Now, I do not know but that •
Congress has as much light as a State in this :
respect. Of course Congress cannot incor- j
porate, or at least ought not to incorporate, a f
company to allow it to do business in a State i
against the laws of that State; but if it is in ;
harmony with the laws of the State, J do not
know that that is an objection which ought to
defeat the bill. I confess, in regard to this
company. I cannot conceive what bashless they
are going to do in the District; but then I am
not posted as to that.. I never heard of it
before. But the simple provision that they
may do business outside of the District is only
giving to a corporation of the District the same
power given to the corporations of every State,
because there is no State in the Union which
does not create corporations that carry on then-
business outside of*the State. Of course they
have to do it in accordance with the laws of
the State where they live, and in harmony with
those laws, not against them. So with this
company; I suppose it can travel all over the
United States.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in point of fact. I think there are a
great many States that refuse to incorporate
companies to go beyond the State to transact
business. I do not believe that the Stale of
which I am a citizen ever has, or ever will,
consent to charter a eoiporation whose whole
business shall be transacted beyond its juris-
diction. It is not good faith to the other
States. One State refuses to grant to certain
persons a franchise, and then they go over the
State line, and there, by some hocus pocus in
legislation, secure a franchise from another
State and then come back into the State that
has already refused the franchise and do busi-
ness there. I do not know anything about this
company. I understand the Senator from
Maine proposes to amend the bill so as to
limit it, but it may be possible—f do not sup-
pose it is in this instance—that these identical
men endeavored to obtain a charter, for in-
stance, in Pennsylvania or Nevada, and were
refused, and now they come here to the na-
tional Government and ask us to give them
just such a charter as has been refused by those
local Legislatures, and then go into Pennsyl-
vania or Nevada and transact the very kind of
business which the authorities of those States
refused to bestow upon them the authority to
do. Suppose we grant this charter and the
State of Nevada or the State of Pennsylvania
denies them the privilege of exercising their
franchise ; do you not suppose they will insist
upon exercising it under this law? They will
insist that here is the imperial Legislature of
the country that has granted them the fran-
chise, and that thatfraneliise overrides all State
authorities on the subject.
Mr. POMEROY'. The Senator from Iowa
did not entirely comprehend the point I made.
I did not say that the State of Iowa and the other
States inserted in the act of incorporation itself
a provision that they might go anywhere, bat
they go without such a provision. The Sen-
ator will be reminded that some railroad com-
panies of his State have their offices and do
their business in New York. The same remark
is true of my State and of all the western
States. There is nothing in the charter about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Bat the entire property of
tho;e railroad companies is in my State ; their
entire business is done there, with the single
exception that the treasurer's office is kept
elsewhere; and they are incorporated under
our law.
Mr. POMEROY. The meetings of the stock-
holders must be held within the jurisdiction of
the authority making the corporation, but the
directors' meetings are not held there at alL
Take, for instance, the Hannibal and St. .lo-
seph railroad, in the State of Missouri. They ■
have never had a directors' meeting there, but
the stockholders' meetings are always held :
'1 Mr'. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator j
from Kansas is mistaken upon the law of this :
question. After very great argument, and in
a very important cause, it has been decided in ;
the State of Indiana that a corporation has a
life only in the State that creates it by her
laws, and can exercise its franchises by its
board of directors only in that State. I think
in 1 Black the same doc-trine is incidentally
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States in regard to the Ohio and Mississippi
Railroad Company. I do not think the board
of directors can hold a meeting outside of the
State in which the company is incorporated ,
unless that State and the other State both con- |
cur in the proposition that the}' may do so. j
Mr. POMEROY. The point I was making
is a matter of almost every-day occurrence. :
There is hardly a week that the directors of
corporations created by the laws of Missouri
and Tovva arid Kansas do not meet in New York
or Boston to do the business. It a matter
which occurs constantly; and it is because the
capitalists are there.
Mr. GRIMES. What does that prove? They
are not the corporators.
Mr. POMEROY'. They have the functions
of the corporation.
Mr. GRIMES. They are the mere agents
of the corporation, and have no more authority
than the president of the ioad lias, when he
goes to buy iron or anything else.
Mr. POMEROY. Ail the authorities of the
corporation are exercised for the time being by
the board of directors.
Mr. GRIMES. Only such as are delegated
to them.
Mr. POMEROY. The directors always
have delegated authority. They are chosen
in the first instance by^lie stockholders in the
State; but, after having been chosen by the
stockholders in the State, they have, during
the time they are in office, the entire control
of the franchise. The only point I wished to
make in this connection was—I know nothing
about this company—that if a State could
make such a corporation, why could not the
General Government do it. The State of New-
York has a general Law, under which corpora-
tions are constantly being organized to go all
over the country. Y'ou find companies incor-
porated under the general incorporation aet"bf
the State of New York doing business in even-
State of the Union. It is a matter of constant
occurrence that parties who have franchises
from the States have their offices and do their
business wherever they find it for their interest
to do it, even outside of the State that created
their corporation; but their directors are all
chosen inside the State, and the stockholders'
meetings are always held there.
Mr. MORRILL. I will explain this bill as
I understand it. In the first place it associates
certain gentlemen together as a body politic
and corporate, and declares that "it shall be
lawful for the said corporation to have a com-
mon seal, sue and be sued, plead and be im-
pleaded, and have and exercise all the rights,
privileges, and immunities for the purpose of
the corporation hereby created." The rest of
the sections, down to the section giving certain
power, are taken up with the organization of
the company. The sixth section, which bears
on this question of authority, reads as follows:
Sec. 6. Andbc it .further enacted, That the president
and directors are hereby empowered and fully au-
thorized. on behalf of said company, to purehnsa
and hold by deed for a term ecrtam or in fee-simple,
lands and other reel estate, and to carry on the busi-
ness of mininfc for iron ore and other native miner-
al-, and manufacturing and preparing the same for
market.
That seems to be the full scope of the bill.
There is another section which touches on the
question of authority, and I believe that is all
there is, and that is the fifth section:
Sec. 5. Andbeit further cnacted, That the president
and directors for the time being shall have power to
ordain, establish, and put in execution such rules,
regulations, ordinances, and by-laws as they may
deem essential for the weli-trovermnent of the insti-
tution, not contrary to the laws and Constitution of
the United States or of this act, and generally to do
and perform all acts, matters and things which a
corporation may or c-an lawfully do.
So that the question of power would seem to
be about this: these persons are associated as a
body politic and corporate, with the privilege
to use a common seal, and with the great privi-
lege of being sued and to sue. Then they are
to have the right as a body-corporate, an arti-
ficial person, to purchase and receive the title
to real estate for the purposes of carrying on
the business of mining and manufacturing.
Mr. GRIMES. Where are they to do that?
Mr. MORRILL. Wherever they can make
the bargain. They are an artificial person,
and being so, there is no limitation that I
know of either in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, or any of the States, that they shall
not be at liberty to make the bargain. There
is nothing more common than for persons
associated into a corporation, and thereby
becoming artificial persons, to have the right
to trade, the right to make bargains, the right
to sue in any of the courts of the States, the
light to cam'on business. Why not? Is that
against the policy of the law in any particular
whatever? Is there any State or national law
that is opposed to the policy of two persons
associatins tliemsehes together as an artificial
• person and doing what is perfectly legitimate
and lawful to be done by contract in those
States? That is this bill and nothing more.
Mr. CLARK rose.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the Senator gets
up to criticise I want to anticipate a difficulty
which I am afraid he saw and which I did not
see until I read it just now. and that is in the
fifth section, giving to the directors authority
to make "by-laws not inconsistent with the
laws of the L*nited States.'' I think that might
be obnoxious to the criticism of my friend from
Towa. that they might claim to do some things
by virtue of this authority which would not be
permitted in the States. I move, therefore, to
amend the fifth section by inserting, after the
words "L'nited States." in the sixth line, the
words, ;-or of any State." so that the authority
to be exercised under this bill shall always be
in submission to the laws of the States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this is rather a
grave matter, in view of the fact that this cor-
poration cannot exercise any of its functions
or franchises in this District. There is no
mining to be done here. Now. I wish to ask
the Senator whether, under the clause of the
Constitution which confers upon Congress the
power of exclusive legislation over the District
of Columbia, it is proper for us to pass a bill
creating a corporation when we know that that
corporation is not for the Distiictof Columbia,
when we know that it is not to transact busi-
ness in the District of Columbia, but with a
view to mining somewhere else. Is that within
the spirit of the provision of the Constitution
conferring upon Congress the power to legis-
late for this District? It does not seem to me
to be within the spirit of that provision.
Mr. CLARK. I was going to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Maine to much the
same consideration that has been presented by
the Senator from Indiana: and that is the ques-
tion whether there are any persons as proposed
in this corporation who contemplate undertak-
ing the business of manufacturing within this
District. If there be an association of gentle-
men who desire to manufacture or to mine here,
and who think it necossar}- to have an act of
incorporation to enable them to do so success*
