1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
of like character. But I do not fear for the
result. I have fear that the old, gallant State
of Virginia, where the bones of Washington and
Jefferson, and so many of the heroes of the
Revolution repose, will be torn asunder by the
action of this Congress, under the iniluence of
party prejudice against that State.
The Committee of Elections proceed to say:
"But there is a further objection to this claim of
Mr. McKenzie. The act of Congress admitting West
Virginia into the Union enumerates the counties of
the old State which shall compose the new one; and
Berkeley is not one of them. Congress has never con-
sented to the transfer ol'thecounty of Berkeley from
the one State to the other; and without that consent
it cannot be done. Berkeley county is thereiore still
a part of the old State of Vucdma."
Are the action of Congress in refusing to ad-
mit either of the contestants into this House,
the opinion of the very learned and legal gen-
tlemen of the Committee of Elections, most
emphatically deciding that Berkeley county be-
longed then to the old State of Virginia, to be
regarded here as founded on the law and truth?
And I ask the gentlemen 011 the other side if
that report was true two years ago, is it not true
to-day? Does not the same principle, which
never dies or passes away unless the Govern-
ment is subverted or overthrown, hold good
yet?
And the committee go on to say that there
were such military operations then being car-
ried on there that they believe a fair election
could not be held, and no fair election has been
held there since that time, although the tramp
of armies, the roar of artillery, and the sound
of arms have passed away. I ask that we shall
submit this question back again to the people
of the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, and
let them say whether they want to constitute a
part of the State of West Virginia or not.
Has Congress retroactive action ? And is not
this a retroactive law, an ex post facto law, 011c
for the purpose of confirming acts upon the
part of West Virginia, in exercising authority
outside of her own dominions, which tliev ad-
mit they had no right to exercise, for they ask
Congress to give their legislative sanction for
their action, because West, Virginia had no
more right to e\"ercise authority over these two
counties than New Jersey had to exercise au-
thority over those same counties.
Now, sir, I submit that there is no authority
on the part of Congress to ratify this, that the
three parties must consent altogether, and that
until such consent be obtained, no act of this
kind can be carried into effect, by reason of the
well-established rule in reference to the con-
struction of contracts : that if A, B, and C con-
tract C constitutes an essential party to the
contract as much as A and B, and without the
concurrence of C in the contract it falls to the
ground; and A and B may withdraw from it at
any time before C has ratified it.
What is a contract? It is, according to the
definilion given by Blackstone, an agreement
between two or more parties to do or not to do
a particular tiling. This is an agreement be-
tween parties to do a particular thing, and until
the three parties have agreed to it, the contract
is not consummated.
Now, sir, in the face of these grave doubts
which are raised, will gentlemen object to allow-
ing the people of these counties lo say whether
they desire that this transfer shall take place?
If the theories of the gentlemen upon the other
side are correct, West Virginia no more con-
stitutes a State of the Union than the most
remote Territory. It is, as I believe, a serious
question whether West Virginia is a State ; but
I am not here fo argue that question. I am
wtliing to admit, purely for the sake of argu-
ment, that she is a State ; but recognizing bet-
as properly occupying the position ol' a State in
the Union, the consent of the other contracting
party to the transfer of any portion of liei ter-
ritory is necessary before Congress can carry it
into effect.
Now, sir, here is the report of a committee
of this House in the eate of McKenzie vs.
Kitchen; and this report takes the same ground
that I now occupy, and makes the same argu-
ment. The gentlemen who made that report
are gentlemen of talent and learning, and be-
long on the other side of the House, one of
them the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Smith. ] All agreed to the proposition that these
counties could not be transferred to West Vir-
ginia from old Virginia, on account of Congress
not having consented, and being a necessary
party to the agreement. We make the same
argument that the committee do in reference to
the 1 eorganization of the confederate States, by
quoting the acts of the different branches of the
Government recognizing them as States. But
when that question is in issue wc are told that
that argument amounts to nothing. But that
ease lias no bearing upon this. The Constitu-
tion confers no power on Congress to reorgan-
ize States, and the acts of secession having been
void from the beginning, all action based upon
them is equally void. 'The President has ex-
pended his authority in protecting the people
in the organization of their States, a;id they are
now as much States as they ever were, as they
never did or could commit suicide without the
consent of the other States.
Now, sir, what difference does it make what
the Executive Departments of the G ovcrmnent
have, done in reference to this transfer? I hey
are not authorized to control our action 011 a
question of tins character. Neither the Presi-
dent of the United States nor any member of
his Cabinet has the right to recognize^ certain
territory as constituting part of a certain State,
so as to preclude the action of Congress 011 the
question, or legalize an illegal act. Why?
Because this question stands on a different
ground from the question of reconstruction,
because Congress alone hao authority to regu-
late this matter, by virtue of 4he Constitution
of the United States. Hence, I say, 1 do not
carc what action the Executive Departments
may have taken with reference to this question.
I do not care v.diat Secretary Chase, or Secre-
tary Stanton, or President Johnson, or the
late President, Mr. Lincoln, or any other per-
son connected with flu1 executive department
of the Government, may have done in refer-
once to this question. It is a matter depend-
ing rightly upon the exercise of the sovereign
power of the thirty-six States of this Union in
Congress assembled. Hie consent of Con-
gress is necessary before any such contract as
this can be carried into legal effect. An act
which is void ab initio cannot be rendered
valid by retroactive legislation of one of the
parties only.
We are all interested in this transfer. Penn-
sylvania is interested in it, New Jersey is inter-
ested in it, all the Slates are inteiei-ted in it.
If'a Legislature in New Jciscv Tiould conscnl
to the transfer of a huge part ot that State to the
State of New 1"ork, and the people of the State
of New J ersey should turn that Legislature out
and put another Legislature in its pkicc to re-
call that action, are we to be told that that can-
not be done before the consent of Congrc-ss had
been given to the transfer ? I say that the peo-
ple of a State have the power to annul any such
act before it lias been carried into efieet. If
they have not, then 1 say that power m this Gov-
ernment does not emanate from the people but
from the representatives of the people,_ and
Legislatures can dispose of the domain of States
and prevent the lepeal of the acts, before all
the necessary parties have consented, and vio-
latethat plain rule of law. that a Legislature can
pass no act that a subsequent one may not re-
peal.
According to the theory of gentlemen on the
other side, the contract is complete, the agree-
ment carried into effect, the grant executed
and delivered, the property delivered into pos-
session without the consent of Congress, and
for that reason Virginia cannot withdraw her
consent. Accordiua to that argument, it V est
Virginia has exercised sovereign control by vir-
tue of a contract which cannot be revoked,
then there is 110 nccessitj- to have any act of
Congress on the subject. If it is complete with-
out Congress, then why come here and ask
Congress-to act on it? If West Virginia has
control over the counties of Berkeley and Jef-
ferson, I asli gentlemen what is the use of this
proposition at all ? How inconsistent you are,
even on your own theory. You say that the
contract is complete, that these counties have
been recognized by all the departments of the
Government, that West Virginia has instituted
courts in those counties, and tried and hung
men there, and that was all legal; yet you come
here by the report of this committee and ask
Congress to ratify all these things, as if they
were illegal. But there is no such authority in
West Virginia, she has no sovereign control over
these counties. As I have shown by the de-
cision of the court, she has no power until the
consent of Congress has been obtained.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have listened attentively to the remarks of my
distinguished colleague on the Judiciary Com-
mittee, but he has failed to satisfy me that this
resolution ought not to pass. It seemed to me
that he has failed entirely to answer the argu-
ments submitted in the report which I had the
honor to make to this House on the 12th day
of J anuary last.
I believe, sir, that the State of Virginia as-
sented to the transfer of the counties of Berke-
ley and J effcrson to the State of West Virginia.
It seems to be conceded that the State of West
Virginia agreed to the t ransfer, and that all that
was necessary to complete the transfer was the
consent of Congress. It seems to be conceded
that if the consent of these two States and that
1 of Congress had been obtained the transfer
would have been complete. The gentleman tells
us that the State of Virginia withdrew her as-
sent, and therefore this transfer is not now legal.
I am free to say that the Legislature of Virginia,
the so-called Legislature of Virginia, since this
Congress commenced, did pass an act withdraw-
ing her assent to the transfer of these two coun-
ties from old Virginia to West Virginia; but it
seems to me that withdrawal can have no effect
011 this bill for three reasons:
First, West Virginia having accepted the
transfer and the State of Virginia having as-
sented to it. that assent cannot by any subse-
quent legislation be withdrawn. On the faith
of her'assent given by the Legislature of Vir-
ginia to this transfer, West Virginia took juris-
diction over these counties. organized her courts,
and assumed complete jurisdiction; and that
jurisdiction has been recognized by Virginia,
accepted by West Viiginia, and acknowledged
by the authorities of the national Government.
| Tlieie is another reason why Virginia could
| not withdraw her assent to the transfer of these
two counties, and that is because Congress has
already assented to the transfer. This resolu-
tion is not introduced because it is absolutely
necessary, but simply for the purpose of set-
tling a controverted question. V\ hen Congress
admitted the State of West Virginia into the
Union, with a clause in her Constitution author-
izing her to receive the transfer of these two
counties, that was itself a consent on the part
of Congress ; and no further consent was ne-
cessary 011 the part of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have the
clause of the constitution read.
Mr. LA WHENCE, ot Ohio. I will read the
clause in the constitution of West Virginia.
The second section of the first article of the
constitution, after naming the counties abso-
lutely made part of the State, provides:
" And it a majority of the vole-- cast at the election
or elections hold y* provided in the schedule hereof,
in the district composed of the counties of Pendleton,
Haidy, Hampshire, and Morsran. shall be m favor of
the adoptiou of tlm Constitution, the said four coun-
ties shall also he included in and form part of the
Mate of "West Virginia ; and if the same shall be so
included, and a majority of the votes east at the said
election or elections in the district composed of the
counties of Lerkelev, Jefferson, and Frederick, shall
be in favor ot the adoption of thi< constitution, then
the three last-named counties shall aho bp included
in and form part of tho State of West Viiginia."
Mr. DA YTKS. I would like to have my friend
answcrtliisquesjiion: whether the district com-
posed of Jefferson, Berkeley, and Frederick^
