1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'     # ■   
1757
shall be no distinction- in civil rights between
any other njgc or color and the white race. It
declares that"there shall be no different punish-
ment inflicted on a colored man in consequence
■ of his color than that which is inflicted on a
white man for the same offense. Is that a dis-
crimination in favor of the negro and against
the foreigner—a bill the only effect of which is
to preserve equality of rights?
But perhaps it may be replied to this, that
the bill proposes to make a citizen of every
person born in the United States, and there-
fore it discriminates in that respect against the
foreigner. Not so ; foreigners are all upon the
same footing, whether black or white. The
while child who is born in t.he United States a
citizen, is not to be presumed at its birth to be
the. equal intellectually with the worthy, intel-
ligent, and patriotic foreigner who emigrates to
this country. And as is suggested by a Sena-
tor behind me, even the infant child of a for-
eigner born in this land is a citizen of the Uni-
ted States long before his father. 1 s this there-
fore a discrimination against foreigners?
The President also has an objection to the
making citizens of Chinese and Gypsies. I
am told that but few Chinese are bom in this
country, and where the Gypsies are born I
never knew. [Laughter.] Like Topsy, it is
questionable whether they were born at all,
but''just come." [Laughter.]
But, sir, perhaps the best answer to this
objection, that the bill proposes to make cit-
izens of Chinese and Gypsies, and this refer-
ence to the foreigners, is to be found in a speech
delivered in this body by a Senator occupying,
I think, the scat now occupied across the
Chamber by my friend from Oregon, [Mr.
WlLl.IAM: ?,] less than six years ago, in reply to
a tnecsage pent to this body by Mr. Buchanan,
the then President of the United States, re-
turning, with-his objections, what was known
as the homestead bill. On that occasion the
Senator to whom I allude said:
"Jiutthisidea about poor'foreigners,' somehow or
other, bewilders and haunts the imagination of a
grp.it m.my.'' * ' r ! 1 * ~ *
111 am constrained to sny lhat I look upon this ob-
jeeiion to tho bill as a more quibble on the part of
the President, and as being hard-pressed for some
excuse in withholding hie appioval of the measure;
and his allu.-ion to lbi ei'^nors in tills connection looks
to ino more like the ad ciiittaiiduw of the mere pol-
itician oi demagogue, than a grave andsound reason
to bo olleied by ilit PicmuciiI of the United Wtatesin
a veto i;'i:i;r>' niton so important a ineu. uie as the
homestead bill."
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. JOHNSON. Who
was tho Senator?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the language
of Senator Andrew Johnson, now President
of the United States. [Laughter.] That is
probably tho best answer to this objection,
though I should hardly have ventured to use
such harsh language in reference to the Pres-
ident as to accuse him of quibbling and of
demagoguery, and of playing the mere pol-
itician in sending a veto message to the Con-
gress of the United States.
The President also makes some other allu-
sions in this veto message of a similar charac-
^ ter. For instance, he speaks of the impropriety
of marriages between whites and blacks, and
then he goes on to say, " 1 do not say that this
bill repeals State laws on the subject of mar-
riage between the 1wo races." Then for what
purpose is it introduced into this message?
No! surely as an ad caplanchnn argument to
exi'iie prejudice—the argument, of a demagogue
and a politician? Mr. Johnson could not do
that, having condemned such ''quibbles" in
Mr. Buchanan.
The President further says:
"If it bo granted that Congress can repeal all State
laws discriminating between whites and blacks m tho
subject-! covered by tins bill, why, it may be asked,
may not Congress lepeal, in the same way, all btato
laws di cmiunaliag between the two laces cm the
Bubi-oct^ ot sufliage and olfico? If Congre" can de-
clare by law who shall bold lands, who shall testify,
vrlio t-uall havoc aeacity to uiakeaeontraetmaytal e,
thc.i 1' >:icrrc--s can by law aUo declare who, without
rcr .el i'jcoioj or : i.! 'na\ o the right to sit us
ajaror or as ajeake, to hold any ofnee, and, finally,
to vote, 'in every State and Territory of the Umtod
fetatos.
Perhaps the best answer I could give to this
would be the answer of Andrew Johnson him-
self. Ho undertook to reorganize State gov-
ernments in the disloyal States. When he did
so, to whom did he extend the right of suffrage?
To the blacks? No, sir; but he extended the
right of suffrage to those who were authorized
to vote under the laws of those States before
the rebellion; and when urged to allow loyal
blacks to vote, what was his answer? That he
had no power; it was unconstitutional; but he
fias claimed and exercised the power to protect
colored persons in their civil rights, and if it be
true that protection in civil rights carries with
it the right of suffrage, what becomes of the
position which he assumed when he extended
civil rights to the negroes that he had no con-
stitutional power to extend to them the right to
vote; that it was a right vested in the States
with which he could not interfere?
But, sir, the granting of civil rights does not,
and never did in this country, carry with it rights,
or, more properly speaking, political privileges.
A man may be a citizen in this country with-
out a right to vole or without a right to hold
office. The right to vote and hold office in the
Slates depends upon the legislation of tho va-
rious States ; the right to hold certain offices
under the Federal Government depends upon
the Constitution of the United States. The
President must be a natural-born citizen; and
a Senator or Representative must be a cilizen
of the United States for a cerlain number of
years before he is eligible to a seat either in
this or tho other House of Congress; so that
the fact of being a citizen does not necessarily
qualify a person for an oilice, nor does it neces-
sarily authorize him to vote. Women are citi-
zens ; children are citizens; but they do not
exercise the elective franchise by virtue of
their citizenship. Foreigners, as is stated by
the President in this message, before they are
naturalized are protected in the rights enumer-
ated in this bill, but because they possess those
rights in most, if not all, the States, that car-
ries with it no right to vote.
ISut, sir, what rights do citizens of the Uni-
ted States have? 'I'obe a citizen of the United
States carries with it some lights; and what
are they? They are those inherent-, funda-
mental rights which belong to free citizens or
fiee men 111 all countiies, such as the rights
enuniuiated in this bill, and they belong to them
in all the Slates of the Union. The right of
American citizenship means something. It
does not mean, in the case of a foreigner. that
when ho is naturalized he is to be left entirely
to the mercy of State legislation. He has a
right when duly naturalized to go into any State
of the Union and to reside there, and the Uni-
ted States Government will protect him in that
right. It will protect a citizen of the United
States, not only in oneof'tlie States of (he Union,
but it will protect him in foreign lands. Mr.
Marcy, when Secretary of State, held that a
citizen in a foreign country was entitled to the
same protection that was extended by that Gov-
ernment to its own citizens. 'These rights
belonging to the citizen, and known as natural
rights, are defined by Blackstone in his defini-
tion of civil liberty to be:
" So other than natural liberty, so far restrained
by human laws and no further, as is noees.^ary and
expedient to the general advantageof the public. In
this definition of civil liberty it ought to be under-
stood, or ralher expressed, that (lie restraints intro-
duced by the Saw should be rqvul to (ill, or as much
so a* the nature of things will admit."
'• The equality of rights is the basis of a com-
monwealth'' is said in a note to Kent, and Kent
himself, in speaking of these rights, says :
"Tho absolute rights of individuals may be re-
solved into the right of personal security, the right
of personal liberty, and the right to acquire and enjoy
property. These rights have been justly considered,
and frequently declared, by the people of tliis'eoun-
;j try to be natural, inherent, and inalienable."
jj What are they? "Tho right of personal
jl security, the right of personal liberty, and the
' | right to acquire and enjoy property ;'' and these
, are declare d to be inalienable rights, belonging
jj to every citizen of the United States, as such,
i' no matter where he may be.
In the second volume of his Commenta-
ries 
Mr. JOHNSON. What page?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Page 38.
Mr. JOH-NSON. On what page is the other
quotation to be found?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Page 610. I give the
top paging. In the second volume of his Com-
mentaries, page 38, Chancellor Kent says :
"Tho privileges and immunities conceded by the
Constitution of the United States to .oitizens of the
several States wore to be eonfined to those which
were, in their nature, fundamental, and belonged of
right t,o the citizens of all free Governments. Such,
are the rights of protection of life and liberty, and
to acquire and enjoy property."
The President, in his annual message, says:
" Tho American system rests on the assertion of
the equal right of every man to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness."
There is a case reported in 10 Johnson
which goes much further than this, and which
decides, not simply that a citizen of the United
States, as such, is entitled to protection in these
rights, but that an alien enemy, who is per-
mitted to reside in this country during a time
of war, is to be protected in all these rights.
In giving the opinion of the court in the case
of Clarke vs. Morey, reported in 10 Johnson,
71, the court says:
"A lawful residence implies protection, and a
capacity to sue and be sued."
I should like to inquire if the negro is law-
fully in this country; and if not, where does
he belong?
"A lawful residence implies protection, and aca-
pacityto sue and bosucd. A contrary doctrinowould
bo repugnant to sound policy, no less than to justice
anil humanity.
" Tho right to sue, in such aease, rests on still broader
ground than that of a mere municipal provision, for
it has been frequen Hy held that tho law of nations is
part of the common law. Ily tho law of nations, an
alien who comes to lesido in a foreign eountry'is en-
titled, so long as he conducts himself peaceably, to
continuo to l'Cbido tlieic, under tho public protec-
tion."
In the same opinion the learned judge who
gave tho opinion of tho court says that this is
the public law of Europe. It is international
law; and every person residing in the United
States is entitled to the protection of that law
by the Federal Government, because the Fed-
eral Government lias jurisdiction of such ques-
tions. American citizenship would be little
worth if it did not carry protection with it.
llow is it that every person born in these
United Stales owes allegiance to tho Govern-
ment? Everything that he is or has, his prop-
erty and his life, may be taken by the Govern-
ment of the United States in its defense or to
maintain the honor of the nation; and can it
bo that our ancestors struggled through a long
war and sot up this Government, and that the
people of our day have struggled through an-
other war, with all its sacrifices and all its des-
olation, to maintain it, and at last that we have
got a Government which is all-powerful to
command the obedience of the citizen, but has
no power to afford him protection? Is that all
that this boasted American citizenship amounts
to ? Go tell it, sir, to tho father whoso son was
starved at Andersonville, or the widow whose
husband was slain at Mission Ridge, or the little
boy who leads his sightless father through the
streets of your city, made blind by the winds
and the satid of the southern coast, or the
thousand other mangled heroes to be seen on
every side, that this Government, in defense
of which the son an.d the husband fell, the fa-
ther lust bis eyes, and the others were crippled,
had the right to call these persons to its de-
fense, but has no right to protect the survivors
or their friends in any right,whatever in any of
the States. Sir, it cannot be. Such is not the
meaning of our Constitution. Such is not tho
meaning of American citizenship. This Gov-
ernment, which would go to war to protect its
meanest—I will not say citizcn—inhabitant, if
yon please, in any foreign land whose rights
were unjustly encroached upon, has certainly
sonic power to protect its own citizens in their
own country. Allegiance and protection are
reciprocal rights.
