3078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
every civilian against being arraigned before
military courts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I see in the thirteenth
section that the quartermasters to be appointed
under this bill are to be taken from the per-
sons who have served as quartermasters dur-
ing the war. Why is it that those who are to
be appointed as commissaries of subsistence
are not likewise to be taken from the commis-
saries of subsistence during the war ?
Mr. WILSON. There are no new commis-
saries to be appointed. The bill adds a few
quartermasters but there are no commissaries
added, and therefore we do not want such a
provision.
Mr. HENDERSON. IIow is it in regard
to surgeons, in the seventeenth section?
Mr. WILSON. There are some surgeons
added.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why not take them
from the corps of surgeons who served during
the war?
Mr. WILSON. We do.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is not so provided.
There is no provision of that sort here. I think
that those men who served during the war, and
who have distinguished themselves, and shown
their competency and qualifications for posi-
tions of this sort had better be provided for. I
suppose, in regard to inspectors, the Senator
would answer me as he did in respect to com-
missaries, that the corps is full, and none are
to be appointed; but it is not so in regard to
the assistant surgeons.
Mr. WILSON. It does not add to the aggre-
gate number ; but it takes two majors and makes
then lieutenant colonels. There are five majors
now, and we make two lieutenant colonels.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the bill, because I do not understand
the subject very well, but with the Senator's
permission I will oll'cr an amendment, unless
it conflicts with his views. Jn section seven-
teen, line twelve, after the word "service,"
I propose to insert these words, "said assist-
ant surgeons to be selected from among those
who served in the same capacity during the
Icitc war ''
Mr. WILSON. I agree to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIENDRRSON. On page 3 of the bill,
section four, line six, I propose to insert the
word "and" before the word "of," and after
the word "of" to strike out the word "three,"
and to insert the words "eight new;" inline
seven to strike out the words "to bedesignated
the Veteran Reserve corps, and of," and in line
eight to strike out the words '' of ten com-
panies each," and to insert " of which shall
be composed;" so that the clause will read:
And of eight new regiment" often companies each;
five regiments of which shall be composed of colored
men to be designated United States colored troops.
Then after the word "conduct," in line six-
teen, I move to strike out the words:
The Veteran Reserve corps shall 15o officered by
selections from officers and soldiers of volunteers, or
of the regular Army who have boon disabled by
accident, or wounds received or disease contracted
m the lino of duty during the war.
Mi\_ WILSON. [ _ suggest to the Senator
to strike out everything lie proposes to do in
regard to the Veteran Reserve corps, but not
increase the number of regiments.
Mr. HENDERSON. My amendment does
not increase the number. The Senator will
see that the section provides for three regi-
ments of Veteran Reserves and five regiments
of colored men, and I change it to eight regi-
ments, so as to make it read, "and of eight
new regiments of ten companies each, five regi-
ments of which shall be composed of colored
men, to be designated United States colored
troops." _ That is five out of the eight. Then
in line sixteen, after the word "conduct," I
strike out the words that I have mentioned.
That will cut out everything in regard to the
Veteran Reserve corps, and leave the Army to
be filled up by veterans from any corps what-
ever, provided they are competent to serve.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
amendment proposed by the Senator will be
read at the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section four, line six, to insert the
word " and" before the word "of," and after
the word " of" to strike out the word "three"
and to insert the words "eight new;" in line
seven to strike out the words, "to be desig-
nated the Veteran Reserve corps, and of;" in
line eight to strike out the words, "of ten
companies each," and to insert "of which
shall be composed;" so that the section ■will
read:
That the forty-five regiments of infantry provided
for by this act shall consist of the first ten regiments
of ten companies each now in service; of twenty-
seven regiments of ten companies each to be formed
by adding two companies to each battalion of the
remaining nine regiments; and of eight new regi-
ments of ten companies each, five regiments of which
shall bo composed of colored men, to be designated
United States colored troops.
Mr. WILSON. I rise now to answer a ques-
tion put to me by the Senator from Iowa in
regard to enlisting men who have been disabled
by wounds in the Veteran corps. The Senator
from Iowa put to me a question to know if we
proposed to enlist in the ranks men who had
been wounded. I will read that part of the
eighth section:
It shall be competent to enlist men for the service
who have been disabled by accident or wounds re-
ceived or disease contracted in the line of their duty
while serving in the Army of the United States, if on
medical inspection it shall be found that by such
wounds or disability they are not unfit for garrison
or other light duty; and such men, when enlisted,
shall be assigned to the regiments of the Veteran
Reserve corps.
The intention was to make up three regi-
ments to do garrison duty, to be officered by
men who had been wounded, and to be made
u}3 of men who had been wounded in the line
ol their duty.
Mr. GRIMES. I will make another inquiry.
I will inquire of the Senator whether or not
it was the opinion of the Military Committee
that these men who, being disabled, would be
entitled to a pension would surrender that pen-
sion, or if he supposes that they, if receiving
a pension, would bo willing to go into the ser-
vice as privates?
Mr. WILSON. In answer to the Senator
I will say that in my judgment it will take a
long while to enlist these three regiments of
wounded men. Wo had quite a number of
regiments kept up during the war mostly of
men who had been wounded or had been sick;
but when Congress met lust autumn we had
about six hundred officers and eight hundred
men rank and file. The twenty-four regiments
of the Veteran Reserve corps were reduced
to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a humbug, any-
how.
Mr. GRIMES. That is exactly what I was
going to say. The truth is, it seems to me
everybody ought to be convinced that this
attempt to _raise a part of our regular Army,
to be efficient in the future, out of men who
have been, in the language of this bill, disabled
already is one of the most absurd things that 1
have over heard proposed. They are entitled
to pensions; the country is willing to pay them
pensions; and I suppose that Congress is dis-
posed to increase the pensions if they are not
able to support themselves upon what we
already give them. But under the provisions
of this bill 1 think the objection raised by the
Senator from New York was well taken. As
the law now stands, if these men should be
appointed to-morrow as disabled officers into
the Veteran Reserve corps, it will be not only
the right but the duty of the Secretary of War
to retire them the day after to-morrow because
they are disabled. They therefore will go on
the retired list, and have the advantage over
men who have been disabled in the service, in
so far as they will receive retired pay, while
other men in the same regiment, who stood
beside them in the same engagements, would
be only entitled to the regular pension allowed
by law. That is manifestly unjust.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bro^vn, Clark. Conness, Fessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, T1 enderson, J ohnson,
Nesmith, Norton, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, and Wade—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, How-
ard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Nye, Poland,
Ramsey, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—13.
ABSBNT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Dixon, Hendricks, Kirk-
wood.Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Riddle, Sherman, V an Winkle, W right, and Y ates—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another portion
of that amendment which will now necessarily
follow. In section four, line sixteen, after the
word " conduct," I move to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
The Veteran Reserve corps shall be officered by
selection from officers and soldiers of volunteers or
of the regular Army who have been disabled by acci-
dent or wounds received or disease contracted in the
line of duty during the war.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. It will be necessary now to
strike out from the seventh to the thirteenth
lines of the eighth section, in the following
words, in compliance with the amendment
that has just been adopted:
It shall be competent to enlist men for the service
who have been disabled by accident or wounds re-
ceived or disease contracted in the line of their duty
while serving in the Army of the United States, if
on mcdieal inspection it shall be found that by such
wounds or disability they are not unfitted for garri-
son or other light duty; and such men, when enlisted,
shall be assigned to the regiments of the Veteran
Reserve corps.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. Those lines
will he stricken out to make the bill consist-
ent, if no objection be interposed.
Mr. GRIMES. On the third page, in sec-
tion four, lines eight and nine, I move to strike
out the words "to be designated United States
colored troops." The words are superfluous,
Mr. JOHNSON. How will it read then?
Mr. GRIMES. "That the forty-five regi-
ments of infantry provided for by this act shall
consist of the first ten regiments, of ten com-
panies each, now in service; of twenty-seven
regiments, of ten companies each, to beformed
by adding two companies to each battalion of
the remaining nine regiments ; and of five regi-
ments, often companies each, of colored men."
I propose to strike out the words, "to be
designated United States colored troops."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, and the
question will be taken on concurring in the
amendments collectively, unless some Senator
desires a separate vote.
Mr. BROWN. I ask that the amendment
made bythe Senator from New York, keeping
the rations at fifty cents instead of at thirty
cents, be excepted for a separate vote.
Mr. WILSON. I desire that the amendment
to the twelfth section made by the Senator from
Kentucky shall also be voted upon separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
amendments will be excepted.
Mr.' RAMSEY. I desire to have reserved
the amendment in regard to the Veteran Re-
serve corps.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate decided that
by a very large majority.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to have a vote
upon it again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be reserved. The question is on con-
curring in the residue of the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, with the three
exceptions that have been named.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The first reserved amendment was in section
four, lino six, toinsertthe word "and" before
the word "of," and after the word "of" to
strike out the word "three" and insert the
