694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
is the district composed of Jefferson and Berke-
ley? It is llie district composed of Jefferson
and Berkeley which it is proposed to transfer
to West Virginia, but there is another district
known as Jefferson. Berkeley, and Frederick.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Oh. yes, the
vote contemplated both of them. The vote
was to be taken in the several counties.
Mr. DAWES. That, is not the question I
raised. It was, whether they consented that
that particular district, composed of the several
counties, should be transferred upon the. vote
of the several counties. Was it not that spe-
cific district, namely, the district composed of
those three counties; and was that th e same
district which we propose now to transfer?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Two of the
counties are.
Mr. DAWES. Idonotunderstandtheassent
to be that these three counties, or any two, or
any one of them, are transferred, but three. I
suppose it to be this: that they may assent to
a particular district embracing thiee couuiies
for very good reasons. I do not say that they
are so, for I do not propose to object to this
■ resolution particularly; but they may have very
good reasons why two of these counties should
not go unless the third one went with them.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will not. con-
trovert the gentleman on this subject, for 1 do
not regard the question as at all material.
Mr. DAWES. While 1 am up I desire to put
myself right on the record. Some gentlemen
from these two counties sent to me (i do not
know why, particularly) remonstrances against,
this measure, purporting to be signed by twelve
hundred citizens of one of the counties and by
six hundred of the other. I presented then-
petitions. I say 1 do not know why I was se-
lected as the organ to present them, but 1 would
inquire of the gentleman whether these parties
had an opportunity to be beard before the com-
mittee?
Mr. LAWRENCE of Ohio. Twill answer all
that. The question which the gentleman makes
is one of construction. That is, it is a question
of the construction of this clause in the con-
stitution of West Viiginia, whether two of the
three counties named in that district could be-
come a part of West, Virginia upon a vote taken
in those two counties severally. WelT, sir, I
am not very particular as to what construction
shall be put on that clause of the constitution
of West Virginia, bocau^1 if there be any Jilli-
culty about that, clause, it is removed bv other
acts of tlie Legislatures of Virginia and of West
Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. What I want to find out is
whether these eighteen hundred people, whose
petitions I presented, as will be found by re-
ferring to the Congressional Globe, have had
an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio. In answer to
that, 1 have already staled, and the ivnoil to
which 1 have already referred shows the fact,
that laws were passed by the Legislat in e of Vir-
ginia. while that was a recognized State, ei\ing
the consent of the Slate to the transfer of those
counties, and aut horizing a vote of the pi'oph' of
those counties. And all theoc petitioners and
remonstrants then had an opportunity to be
heard when that question was voted upon by the
people of those counties.
ilr. DAWES. What 1 wanted to know was
this: some eighteen hundred men have selected
me as their organ, every one of them an entire
stranger to me. to present their remonstrance.
Now, 1 wish to know if the committee gave
them any opportunityto be heard, not whether
they had some opportunity somewhere else.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will state that
all these remonstances were before the commit-
tee, besides a large number of petitions asking
the consent of Congress to the transfer of these
counties.
Mr. DAWES. 1 know that the remonstran ces
were there, because I sent them there, i only
want to know if the men had any opportunity
to bo heard, whether you gave them anv notice.
That is all. Just put that on the record.
"The informal ion i
■aves no douht on tin
the n-su! totvote f
t ic- f o t ho Si ate oi ^n u
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir; we
did not send out a constable with summonses
saying to those men that we were in session
and would be pleased to hear them. They never
asked any permission to be heard, and we never
notified them that we were in session; but we
were always ready to hear all who desired to be
heard.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, if he is in the
House, whether he did not receive a note from
one of these men requesting an opportunity to
be heard.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The chairman
is not here at present, or he could answer for
himself. I would ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts this question, whether those remon-
strances are signed by men who were entitled
to vote, whether they are not rebels who had
no right to vote?
Mr. DAWES. I have already stated that every
one of them is a stranger to me, and I know,
of course, nothing about that. I suppose that
a great deal the better way to ascertain that fact
would have been to hear them. I would inquire
of the gentleman one thing further: if the com-
mittee ever notified the member who presented
these remonstrances that they were hearing this
case, so that he could give notice lo the pai ties?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. _ .So far as lam
advised, no member of this House, and no citi-
zen of either of these States, and no man has
ever asked permission of the. committee to be
heard, but after a full examination of this whole
matter the committee made this report:
n pn^p.^ion of tllf1 committee
11y minds to whiit would now
>t t tic i e-t or;>t ion oi tlio.se coun-
imn. The qm'-Uionis one whuh
t he i lose of the war cnt< red hugely into the
lor.il ooh I u * of Utese conn tie-*. The imrt^ which styles
i!-u>!f [ho 'Union party,' and is called by its oppo-
nents the 'radical party,' is unanimously in favor of
retaining fhe.-e <. ounties in West Yii^inia ; while the
democratic, or, as it t>t> lorf itself, the 'conservative
parly," is ^eneialiy 111 iavor oi re&tonng them to the
hjtate of Virginia.
"At. the, annual election hold on the fourth Thurs-
day ol October, A. D. 1805, the (Inion ticket received
m Berkeley county nine hundred and twenty-three
votes, ami the so-called democratic one hundred and
Ihirtv-^even % otes; and in the county of JelTeison, the
vol e as returned hv the supervi>ors of the county to
the Uoveinorwns }'oi the Union ticket tluee hnndi ed
and lour vol e.-. and lor thoso-called democrat i<; ticket
one bundled and ninety-nine votes."
This report was made, printed. and laid on
our do-sks oil tlio llilli of January. and jot no
request has over boon made lo bo lieai d in op-
position to ii. or at an}' time on the subject.
Mr. DAW ES. 1 do not sec that that answers
my question. I have no doubt that that is the
conclusion that the committee came to without
a lieai in
.1 wish the gentleman to understand that i
am in lavor ot giving the assonf of Congress to
iuD measure. 1 am on the record in the Iact
t'onaross (o that eflect. I suirgo-ited to the
members from West Virginia in the last Con-
gress the necessity ol' obtaining that assent. I
am lieio new, wiihout any solicitation of my
own, the oi:}an of eighteen bundled men in
the-e counties,, who1 her loyal men or not, as
icmonsir.uits against this measure. I thought
it wart duo to them that the committee should
Mate to the Homo whether they had had an
opportuni'v to be hoard. There is always a
decent way of doing everything;, and I have no
doubt the committee in this ease have adopted
that way. I do not mean to say that they have
not.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio [.Mr. Lawrence] has expired.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 hope my lime
will be expended a few minutes.
Air. WHALEY. I do not wish to interfere
with the gentleman from Ohio, i merely wish
to answer the question of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,] as regards the
petitioners from these counties. of whom he
states that, he is the organ, lie ashed the gen-
tleman Irom Ohio [Mr. LAWttrxen] whether
thoy had had the privilege to be heard before
the committee. I only desire to say that they
have another organ upon this floor, who has been
heard to the fullest extent; I refer to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. [Mr. Rogers.] That
is all I desire to say, and I will now yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrexce.[
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I say again, in
answer to the inquiry of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that, so far as 1 am advised, the
committee has never denied any gentleman the
privilege of being heard before them in oppo-
sition to this resolution. On the contrary, so
far as I know, no application has ever been
made to the committee for a hearing ; none has
ever been made by the gentleman himself; and
the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers,] who opposes this resolution, was
heard before the committee as he has been heard
on this floor.
Mr. DAWES. I wish merely to stale that I
did not expect any invitation. It was not a mat-
ter that I desired to be heard ujion. But I have
been informed by these men, as a matter of
complaint, that they addressed a note, on two
different occasions, to the chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Wilsox, of Iowa] begging an op-
portunity to be heard; and that thoy had had
neither any notice nor any reply io their note.
1 wished to draw that out; that is all.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. How that is I
do not know. I never heard of any such note
or any request to be heard.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will under-
stand my position, I hope.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir. I in-
sist that the Legislature of Virginia, if it were
a \alid Legislature, could not now withdraw
its assent to the transfer. It could not with-
draw its assent to the transfer, because West
Virginia has acted upon the faith of the trans-
fer, upon the faith of the law giving the assent
of the old State of Virginia to the transfer.
That clause of the Constitution of the United
States which requires the assent of Congress
was not inserted for the benelit of the States
concerned, but to enable the Congress to protect
the interests of the Cnited States. And there-
fore Viiginia, old Virginia, has no right to claim
any benefit from the fact that Congress had not
given its assent to the transfer prior to the time
when the so-calied Legislature of the State of
Virginia undertook to pass ;m not withdrawing
her consent to the transfer. Virginia could make
no sifcli objection or resume her jiuUdiotion
until Congress had refused assent to the trans-
fer, or had for an unreasonable timo delayed
to assent.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] allow me to interrupt
him for a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understand that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr, Dawes]
has addressed an inquiry during my temporary
absence from my seat to the Committee on the
Judiciary. If ho will now propound his ques-
tion I "w ill answer it.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will say to the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wn.sox] that I did not make
the inquiry in any spirit of complaint. Rut the
parties who have made me their organ (v>liy
they selected me I cannot toll) have complained
to me that thoy had not been allowed an op-
portunityto be heard beforo tlm committee,
and I inquired of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawuexce] if the remonstrants had bad
an opportunity to bo hoard before the Commit-
too on the Judiciary on this question. 1 did so
that they might see in the report of our pro-
ceedings here an answer lo my inquiry. The
Gentleman from Ohio replied that they had
expressed no such desire to him. I then in-
quired if the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary [Mr. Wilson] had received a note
which they had addressed to him. I had under-
stood from them that they had twice sent a note
to him, but bad received no reply.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In answer to that
inquiry] will make this statement: after this
subject had been passed upon by the commit-
