278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Senate.
Illinois Central Railroad—Mr. Yates.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
by the Union party of tlie sixteenth district of
Pennsylvania as their candidate at such a time,
and upon such an issue, I would have been
untrue to them had I failed to make this con-
test.
But there is still another reason. Beaten
upon the home vote largely, my election was
saved by the brave men in the field, who for a
brief time stopped their work of putting down
treason in the front to send a crushing, blow
against its allies in the rear. To the brave men
iu front, with cannon in front of them, cannon
to the right, of them, and cannon to the left of
them; to the brave men hurrying to the front
to join the deadly strife; to the brave men
who had been to the front, but alas! then lay
prostrate in the hospitals with fevered brows,
maimed limbs, and bodies pierced with shot
and torn with shell, is due the credit of having
saved the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania to
the Union cause. Many of them have since
the close of the war returned to their homes,
and are now engaged in the peaceful pursuits
of life, while many others were stricken down
upon the battle-field or by disease contracted
in the service of their couutry, and were not
permitted to return to their homos and fire-
sides, but now rest among the patriot dead of
the Republic.
" They sleep their last sleep, they have fouglit tlieir
last battle,
No sound can awake them to glory again."
Justice to the martyred dead and heroic liv-
ing of the brave soldiers of the sixteenth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania demanded that I should
make this contest and vindicate their rights by
preserving the purity of the elective franchise.
Impelled by these considerations, sir, I have
gone through this long and annoying contest,
to find at last, as a reward for my time and
labor, that justice is about to be done to my-
self and the majority of the legal voters of the
sixteenth congressional district of Pennsyl-
Illinois Central Railroad.
SPEECH OF IION. RICHARD YATES,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the United States Senate,
May 2, 1800.
The Senate,as in Committee of the Whole, having
' under consideration the bill (II. R. No. 127) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of Juno, 18G7, the Committee on
Financo proposed to amend the bill by striking out
the following proviso at its close:
Provided, That no part of the moneyhereby appro-
priated shall be used for paying the Illinois Central
Railroad Company for the transportation of tho
troops or the property of the United States; and tho
Attorney General of tho United States is hereby di-
rected to institute a. suit against the said company
m the circuit court of tho United States, in the elev-
enth circuit, without delay, to recover from the said
company any moneys that have been paid to the
baiu company by any Department of tho Government-
tor tho transportation of the troops or property of
the united btates; and tho said Attorney General is
hereby further directed to appear for the United
ptares m said court and prosecute its interests in the
said suit. ^
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, as one of the
Senators from the State of Illinois, in which
the Central railroad is situated, and whose in-
terests are so immediately to be affected by the
amendment, I deem it my duty to give some
reasons which will influence mo to give my
vote for the motion to strike out. I will ex-
plain to Senators, who may not have given
their attention to the history of the grant of
lands by the United States to the State of Illi-
nois in aid of the construction of the Illinois
Central railroad, that the State, instead of
building the road itself, chartered a company
for that purpose, and in consideration of the
grant of lands to the company reserved to the
State seven per cent, of the annual proceeds
of the road. This reservation now produces
to the State a rich annuity, amounting the last
year to about half a million dollars.
Now, Mr. President, if this motion shall not
prevail, and the Central Railroad Company shall
be compelled to refund to the Government what
it has received for Government transportation
during the war, then to the extent of the amount
refunded is the amount of the gross proceeds
reduced, and the State would be compelled to
refund to the company seven per cent, of that
amount. For instance, if as has been alleged
elsewhere the railroad has received from the
Government $5,000,000 for the transportation
of Government troops and property, then seven
per cent, of that sum would be $350,000, which
the Stat£ would have to refund to the rail-
road company. Before I can consent that the
people of the State of Illinois shall be taxed to
refund this large sum, which is the effect of this
amendment of tho House of Representatives, I
must be fully satisfied that she improperly re-
ceived it. And, sir, tho more I examine the
subject the better am I satisfied, that it would
be an act of gross injustice to require the rail-
road company to refund the amount it has re-
ceived to the Government, and a gross wrong
to my State to require it to refund to the com-
pany the seven per cent, of that amount which
it has received. I shall therefore resist this
amendment with all my might from first to
last.
But, independent of the consideration that
the road is situated in the State of Illinois,
and that the State derives a large annual in-
come from its gross earnings, and is directly
interested to the amount of several hundred
thousand dollars in the question at issue, and
also that the prosperity of the State and that
of the road are closely identified ; beside such
considerations as these I with great cheerful-
ness come to the defense of the road in its legal
and equitable rights, from the consideration
that from the beginning to the end of the war
it has most faithfully, promptly, and energet-
ically discharged its whole duty to the Govern-
ment. -There was not on the land or on the sea
during the war a more important arm of our
national defense than the Illinois Central rail-
road. Running from Dunleith, from the south-
ern boundary of Wisconsin south to Cairo, and
from Chicago south to Cairo, and being the only
road running north and south in the direction
of the seat of the war on the Mississippi, Ten-
nessee, Cumberland, and the Southwest, it was
the oqjy road upon which could be, and were,
transported the mighty armies, vast supplies
and munitions of war, not only of the States
of the Northwest but of tho large armies which
were sent from the East to the 'Southwest and
from the Southwest to the East to meet the
varying exigencies of the war.
I was placed in a position to know exactly,
and almost all the time, how these duties were
discharged; for no inconsiderable portion of
this transportation was done upon orders is-
sued by me in pursuance of the requisitions of
the War Department. And when it is charged,
as elsewhere it has been, that the road be-
longed to foreign capitalists who sympathized
with tho rebels, I happen to know well that
the stock of the Illinois Central railroad was
controlled by that class of capitalists in Eng-
land represented by such men as Bright and
Cobden, and that at least on two different oc-
casions Richard Cobden visited the State of
Illinois as the representative of these capital-
ists to examine and report upon its condition
and management; and I happen to know what
every Senator must in the nature of things
know, that the success of the road and con-
sequently the value of their stock and other
heavy interests depended upon the triumph of
the Union cause and the suppression of the
rebellion. Be this as it may—and I freely
admit that its bearing upon the question we
are considering is not direct—yet I do know
the fact to be that the Illinois Central railroad
performed its duties to the Government, and
performed them well.
And, sir, that it may be seen that this state-
ment of mine is not for this occasion merely,
I will trouble the Senate to read from a mes-
sage delivered by me during the war, while I
was resisting a claim, of the Central railroad
against the State, which message was made
to the people of Illinois and to Senators and
Representatives who lived on the line of the
road, and who knew the truth of the facts
therein stated. I read from the Governor's
message January 5, 1863:
" it is to be said in behalf of this company that they
have mostpromptly, willingly, and uncomplainingly
responded to all the calls of the Government in the
transportation of troops; and very many cases have
come to my knowledge in which they have tran-
sported our sanitary stores and nurses and money-
less sick and wounded without expense. So far a3
abuses may have occurred, in all cases I suppose
they have been without the approval of the chief
officers."
It is urged, that by the terms of the grant to
the State of Illinois to aid in the construction
of thdTIllinois Central railroad, contained in
section four of the act for that purpose, ap-
proved September 30, 1850, the railroad com-
pany were to transport the troops and prop-
erty of the Government free of cost, and that,
therefore, the Government should institute suit
to recover from said company all moneys that
have been paid to said company for such trans-
portation. The fourth section of the act reads:
"That the said lands hereby granted to the said
State of Illinois shall be subject to the disposal of tho
Legislature thereof for the purpose aforesaid and 110
other. And the said railroad and branches shall he
and remain a public highway.for tho useof theGov-
ernment of the United States free from tolls or other
chargo upon the transportation of any property or
troops of the United States."
Now, while I confess that from a first care-
less reading of this section it would seem that
technically the company was bound to trans-
port Government troops and property free of
charge; on the other hand, I contend that a
careful reading will show plainly the reverse,
and that the company in accepting the grant
did not undertake to transport for the Govera-
mentatall, butsimplyto keep open its road and
branches for the use of the Government to do
its own transportation, and that for thus keep-
ing open the road as a highway the company
was to exact no toll or other charges upon such
transportation.
Now, sir, let us read carefully, giving to each
word its proper signification; "the said rail-
road and branches shall be and remain a public
highway." A highway for what? "For the
use of the Government of the United States."
It would be no very strained construction to
say that this means for the use by the Govern-
ment of the United States ; but that I will not
insist upon. " For the use of tlie Government
of the United States." How? Why, of course
as a public highway. " Free from toll or other
charges" for this use of it as a public high-
way. "Free from toll or other charge upon
the transportation of any property or troops of
the United States." That most clearly means
that the Government shall not be liable to pay
any toll or charges in using the road as a public
highway in the transportation of its troops and
property. Senators must see that the distinc-
tion is broad and marked between a provision
which gives to the Government tho use of the
road as a public highway, free from toll and
charges, and a provision which would bind the
company to become carriers for the Govern-
ment free of charge. If the design of this
provision was that the company was to do all
Government transportation, why did it not ex-
pressly say so without the circumlocution of
saying that it should remain a public highway?
If it was the design that the road should be
carriers for the Government, then the words
"public highway for the use of the Govern-
ment" are superfluous and meaningless, and
all that was necessary to have been said was
that the company should transport for the Gov-
ernment without charge.
In section six of the same act, where Con-
gress did design that the company should
