1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2719
Sr:c.G. Andbeit further enacted, That, subjeetto the
aforesaid provisions of this net, all and singular (he
provisions of the aforesaid artof the Ot'ii-ia) Assem-
bly of the .State of Maryland, entitled "An net to in-
eornozate the Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River
Tidewater Cmal Company,1' relating to the powers,
liahdities, and authouty of said company, in operat-
ing "rid usm;? their ean.il, sha SI take eifet t and optdy
to the extension afnresiiil in the JJi^tm-t ot Columbia.
Sr.c. 7. A,vl b':i> farther r.wK-jrtl, Xliat thh act shall
be deemed a pablieaet, and shall take effect and be
in force fiom and after i:..- passage, and shall be sub- ;
ject to alteration or repeal by Congress. j
Mr. WILLBY. I move to amend the amend- :
ment in section one. line twelve, by striking \
out the word "Biddins's" before the word j
''bridge" andin=ertingihcword ''Benning's." I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That eor- j
rection will be made as it is a clerical mistake, i
The question is on the amendment reported by ;
the committee as a substitute for the original ;
bill. j
The amendment was agreed to. i
The bill was reported to the Senate as i
amended, and the amendment was concurred i
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for .
a third reading, was road the third time, and j
passed. lis title was amended so as to read: ;
'' A bill to authorize the Chesapeake Bay and '
Potomac Iliver Tidewater Canal Company to ,
enter the District of Columbia, and extend
their canal to the Anacostia river at any point ,
above Benning's bridge." " j
COLOULD SCHOOLS IN WASHINGTON". !
Mr. MORRILL. 1 now move to take up
Senate bill No. "247. j
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 247) donating certain
lots in the city of Washington for schools for
colored children in the District of Columbia.
The Commissioner of Public Buildings is
required by the bill to transfer to the trustees
of colored schools for the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, for the sole use of schools for
colored children in the District, all the right,
title, and interest of the United States in and
to lots numbered one and two in square num-
bered livo hundred and fifty-four, and lots one.
two, and eighteen in square nine hundred and
eighty-live, in the city of Washington, those
lots having been designated and set apart by
the Secretary of the Interior to be used for
colored schools for present purposes.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with amendments. The first
amendment was in line four, to strike out the
word "transfer'' and to insert the words
"grant and convey."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines nine and
ten, to strike out the words ''one and two in
square numbered five hundred and fifty-four,
and lots so that the elause will read :
All theriffht, title, and interestof the United States
in and to lots numbered one, two, and eighteen in
square nine hundred and eighty-five.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
bill to strike out the words ''for present pur-
poses," and to insert:
And whenever the same shall beeonvcrtedto other
uses they shall revert to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MORRILL. I now ask the Senate to
consider Senate bill No. 246.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of (he Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 240) relating to public
schools in the District of Columbia. It pro-
vides that the eighteenth section of the act
entitled "An act to provide for the public in-
struction of youth in the county of Washington,
District of Columbia, and forother purposes,''
approved June 25. 1864, shall be so construed
as to require the cities of Washington and
Georgetown to pay over to the trustees of col-
ored schools of those cities such a proportionate
part of all moneys received or expended for
school or educational purposes in them, includ-
ing the cost of sites, buildings, improvements,
furniture, and books, and ail other expendi-
tures on account of schools, as the colored
children between the ages of six and seventeen
years, in the respective cities, bear to the whole
number of children, white and colored, between
the same ages. The money is to be considered
due and payable to the trustees on the 1st day
of October of each year, and if not then paid
over to them, interest at the rate of ten per
cent, per annum on the amount unpaid may be
demanded and collected from the authorities
of the delinquent city by the trustees.
The trustees may maintain an action of debt
in the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia against said cities of "Washington and
Georgetown for the non-payment of any sum
of money arising under the act of June 25,
1SS4.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up House
bill No. 558.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 558) toamend theeharterof the Wash-
ington Gas-Light Company was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
amend the charter of the Washington Gas-
Light Company in the third section by substi-
tuting the word "February" for ''January;"
and also to increase the capital stock of the
company 8500,000, subject to the same liabil-
ity as is provided in the eleventh section of the
original act of incorporation, approved July
8, 1848.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed,
RAILTIOAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 204.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 204) to grant certain
privileges to the Alexandria. Washington, and ,
Georgetown Railroad Company in the District !
of Columbia. I
The bill propo-es to give the consent of |
Congress to the Alexandria, Washington, and j
Georgetown Railroad Company using steam
power in drawing cars on the structure across
the Potomac river erected by that company,
under the provisions oi" the act entitled " An
act to extend the charter of the Alexandria
and 'Washington Railroad Company, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 1S>53. and
along the railway now laid by the company, or
which may be hereafter laid, under the pro-
visions of that act. along Maryland avenue and
First street wost. in the city of Vt ashington,
to the present depot of the Washington branch
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, subject
always, and in all particulars, to such restric-
tions and regulations concerning the use ot
such steam power as the corporation of W ash-
ington may. b3- its ordinances, at any time
impose upon, or at any time require of, the
railroad company.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that that bill
grants to this company the power to run its
trains through Maryland avenue and across
Pennsylvania avenue at the foot of the Capitol
grounds.
Mr. MORRILL. And across the bridge.
Mr. GRIMES. And across the bridge?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope iliat such a bill will
not be passed. That is a question that has
been brought before Congress for eight years,
to my certain knowledge, and I believe we have
always refused to grant the privilege. By some
sort "of legerdemain this company has during
the war exercised, as a sort of war right, the
privilege to run steam cars from the depot of
the Baltimore and Ohio road down to tha bridge;
but I always understood it was to cease with
the war. I see by the newspapers that it is
constantly attended with destruction of prop-
erty, and I believe in several instances with
loss of life. The understanding was that a
connection was to be made by a tunnel on the
other side of the Capitol.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was the proposition
made by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany some years ago.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the Senator from
Iowa is misinformed, perhaps, about the facts.
Mr. GRIMES. What facts?
Mr. MORRILL. The general facts. This
bill makes no alteration in, gives no additional
right beyond, the act of 1803 authorizing the
Alexandria, Washington, and Georgetown rail-
road to extend its road by Maryland avenue and
make connection with the Baltimore and Ohio
road, and also to build a bridge across the Po-
tomac river; but it was not to use the motive
power of steam except by the consent of the
city of Washington and of Congress. The
inference, perhaps, might be fairly enough that
Congress would give its assent. Now, as a mat-
ter of fact, all that time and something more,
since the passage of that act, this road has been
operated by steam and is so operated now. I
suppose nobody would think it desirable to
limit the use of steam over their own bridge.
On Maryland avenue there is no objection of
course to the use of steam. It is a very broad
street and the use of steam there would find its
parallel in most of the large cities of the coun-
try—in Philadelphia, for instance, and Balti-
more. The cars run for a much larger dis-
tance through a much more dense population
in the city of Baltimore.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. Not by steam.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, by steam, both at this
side of the city and on the other. Through the
most dense part, of the city, for a short distance
the cars are drawn by horses; but the distance
you go by steam before you reach the depot in
Baltimore is much greater than the distance
from the bridge up Maryland avenue. The
only point of difficulty about this at all, to my
mind, was whether they ought to operate this
road by steam in front of the Capitol, across
from Maryland avenue to the depot; but that
has been done for tlnee long years and more;
it is done every day. The accident to which
the Senator alludes—there was an accident—
was caused by an engine coming in collision
with a horse car: but it was the fault of the
horse car and not the fault of the railroad.
The corporation of Washington have given
their assent, and the bill is predicated upon
the assent which has been obtained from the
citv of Washington.
Sir. FESSENDEN. Does the bill allow
them to pass in front of the Capitol grounds
on the west?
Mr. MORRILL. _ Yes, sir; but I have no
objection to that being stricken out.
Mr. GRIMES. Strike out all after " 1863"
in the tenth line.
Mr. MORRILL. We have a bill now before
our committee, and I think it has been reported
in the House, changing the location of this
route, as it manifestly ought to be. from the
rear to the front, requiring them to tunnel under
the streets in front of us. That is contemplated
and that will be done; but I suggest whether
gentlemen really believe there is any necessity
at this moment for interfering with the prac-
tice which has obtained now for three vears.
Mr. GRIMES. Then what is the use of
passing the last part of this bill ?
Mr. MORRILL. The reason is obvious.
While this road was being run by the ^ ar
Department under the war power we did not
any of us feel exactly like running against the
engine driven by such a power: but now they
have surrendered it to the company and the
company do not feel that they are authorized
to run tlie road by steam, as it has been run for
the last three vears, without the consent of Con-
oreSs. and I think they are very right about it
