2720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out all after
" 18G3" in the tenth line.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
Stricken out. as follows: I
And along the railway now laid by said company, I
or which may be hcrealt^r laid, under the provisions j
of thn said act. along Maryland avenue and Pirs-t j
street west, in the city of Washington, to the present
depot of the Washington branch of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, subject always, and in all particulars,
to such restrictions and regulations concerning the
use of such steam power as the corporation of Wash-
ington may, by its ordinances, at any time impose
upon, or at any time require of, the said railroad
company.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. Now read the first ten
lines.
The Secretary read as follows:
That the consent of Congress be, and the same is
hereby, granted to the Alexandria, Washington, and
Georgetown Railroad Company to use steam powerin
drawing the cars of said company on the structure
across the Potomac, river erected by said company,
under the provisions of the act entitled "An act to
extend the charter of the Alexandria and Washing-
ton It; u I road Company, and for other purpobes,"
approved March 3,1863.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That bridge runs right
along side of the Long bridge, as it is called.
The objection before was that it would make
the bridge dangerous to travel on.
_ Mr. HENDERSON. This is a new bridge,
right by the side of the other.
Mr. MORRILL. A little distant from it.
There will be no difficulty on that score.
Mr. GRIMES. If the amendment which I
have proposed shall be adopted, it will give to
this railroad company the privilege of passing
over the railroad bridge by steam; but it will
deny to them, or rather it will fail to confer
upon them, the right to pass along Maryland
avenue and in front of the Capitol grounds on
the west by steam. This company lias from
the time it changed its ownership been con-
stantly grasping after these privileges. As an
army takes a fortification, it has been approach-
ing the proposition that is now before us by
parallels and by regular approaches, until
finally it has a bill here which gives it unlim-
ited .sweep right through the city, and where,
certainly as long as I have been here—eight
years—and a good many years before, I know
Congress utterly refused to allow them to pass
with steam power. One of the schemes for
enlarging the publicgrounds around the Capitol
is to take in the very ground over which this
road now passes. Grant them this franchise,
and then where will you be if you conclude in
the future to extend the grounds in that direc-
tion?
Mr. JOHNSON. We can alter or repeal
the act.
Mr. GRIMES. But of what value is a pro-
vision reserving the power to alter or amend
one of these charters?
Mr. JOHNSON. It depends on Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. But there is an appeal at
once made to vested rights. There never was
an interference with a charter made yet, and
I presume never will be as long as the Gov-
ernment stands. The reservation of the power
does not amount to a tiring: it never was exer-
cised and it never will be exercised. I would
just as lief grant a charter without any reser-
vation of the right to alter or amend as to grant
it with that. But I understand that this rail-
road company have the privilege now from the
city authorities of running through Maryland
avenue; I do not want to cut them off imme-
diately from running through Maryland ave-
nue ; but if you pass this bill the way it is now
they will not any longer talk about coming up
and making a tunnel east of the Capitol and
avoiding Maryland avenue and First street
west; they will have got all they want.
Mr. MORRILL.. They are very anxious for
the tunnel.
Mr. WADE. Put a limitation on them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have tried to staud
in the way of this thing for several years. They
had a bill up here formerly to tunnel Capitol
hill, and that bill I was willing to allow to pass
with certain amendments which I deemed very
essential to the preservation of our own rights
and the rights of the people here ; and after it
was amended they abandoned the bill. If tliey
could not have it just according to their own
notion, and if a time was fixed within which
they must get it done or lose their privileges
—that was one of the amendments—they chose
to abandon the bill, and we have not heard of
it since. Their first application was precisely
what it is now, and the Senate never woul3
consent to encourage for a single day the prop-
osition which they first brought forward and
insisted upon so long, to pass directly in front
of the Capitol grounds where there is so much
passing on foot continually across Pennsylvania
avenue. We have been obliged, however, to
submit to it during the war. Now it would be
very much safer, if they really mean to get a
bill to authoiize a tunnel and to go down the
other way, to lot the matter stand just as it is
at present, let them go on at their own hazard,
because nobody has interfered with them, they
having permission of the city of Washington,
and we not interfering. It would be better to
do that than it would be to pass a bill giving
themjthis right, because, as the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa says, wc all know that when
they once get the right by law and get the power
that is acquired under it, it is almost useless
in a legislative body to attempt to deprive them
of it.
I hope the day is not very far distant when
we shall extend the Capitol grounds. It is very
evident to everybody that the grounds now are
disproportionately small for the building which
stands here. I remember several years ago I
had a long conversation with Senator Douglas
on the subject. He took a great deal of inter-
est in the matter, anJ I took a good deal of
interest in it, and we both walked over the
ground, looked all around, and came to our
conclusion as to what ought to be done with
reference to the Capitol grounds in our judg-
ment. We did not think there could be any
dispute about itwhenever Congress got time to
do it. We agreed that we would, if we could,
go on the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and see if we could bring it about;
but when the committee was made up we were
not put on. I thought then, and think now,
that when we do move in that matter, we ought
to go to Third street west, taking in the two
squares between First and Third streets, and
go out to the depot on the north, and as far on
the south side. We own the land on one side
of Pennsylvania avenue all the way to Third
street, and we ought to take in the other side.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask whether
a bill did not once pass to that effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; no such bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did it not pass the Senate,'
I mean?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. GRIMES. There was a report made
in favor of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, never a report
made in favor of that. There was afterward
a report made by Mr. Bayard, as chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, but it did not go as far as that.
Mr. JOHNSON. You proposed to go to
Third street?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Our idea was that when
we did move we ought to go to Third street on
the west, to the depot building on the north,
and as far on the south. We thought that on
the west front we should go to Third street
just as far as our public grounds extend on the
one side of Pennsylvania avenue. Whether that
will ever be done or not I do notknow; but cer-
tainly the grounds should be extended some-
what on the west front, and if we ace to extend
them on that front of the Capitol it would be
very unwise for us to embarrass ourselves with
a permission given by law to a railroad com-
pany to establish themselves there, because we
should be troubled with claims for damages
and things of that sort, and it would be said
that we were interfering with rights heretofore
granted, and claims would be urged upon Con-
gress and of one kind and another. My own
idea lias been always that the cars ought to
cross above instead of going around where
they do. They ought to cross the river above
instead of running on a bridge alongside the
Long bridge. I think so still. It would be
somewhat more expensive to them undoubt-
edly; but it would be a great deal more con-
venient for the public. They would be more
out of the way, and they would leave the lower
part of the city and the principal avenues un-
disturbed. To do that they would have to go
a little further round, and therefore it would
cost them a little more; and I have always
found in my experience in regard to railroad
bills that when the interests of a railroad came
in collision with the interests of the public
before legislative bodies the interests of the
public always have to give way. It is so inva-
riably. It has been always found that they could
not stand against the interests of a railroad
company, for some mysterious reason or other
that I never could exactly comprehend, even
if I could see how the thing was brought
about.
Now, I have an objection to their running a
steam engine across their bridge right along-
side of the Long bridge. If the Long bridge
is to stand, there must always be a great deal
of travel over it by carriages of all descriptions,
and a great many horses to and fro; and as the
country across the river settles still more the
travel will increase; and to have an engine
come steaming along directly by the side of
that bridge, with horses and carriages on the
bridge as they often are very thick, will, in my
apprehension, lead to a great many very seri-
ous accidents. I always objected to it on that
account.
I state these things with regard to this prop-
osition to give by law the right to pass here by
the Capitol. I am opposed to it utterly; but
as to the other matter of crossing the bridge, I
do not take so much interest in, as I do not
risk my own neck down there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise simply to answer
one or two points made by the Senator from
Maine. The present Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds has, to some extent,
examined the question of the extension of the
Capitol grounds. In so far as I know, that
committee is only divided in regard to one
question, and that is, whether it is well to take
in the squares immediately north and south of
the grounds east of the Capitol. I do not think
it is proposed by any member of the committee
now to extend the grounds on the west to Third
street. So far as I am concerned, although
there is great weight in the name of Senator
Douglas brought in in favor of that enterprise,
I should not think it proper to entertain the
proposition now. The cost of securing those
grounds would be enormous. They are not
necessary, and I do not believe that the great-
ness of this country consists at all in the extent
of the pleasure grounds for the accommodation
of the people of the city of Washington. My
judgment is that one line of railroad connect-
ing the North with the South, even through the
great city of Washington, is worth a hundred or
a thousand acres of pleasure grounds.
I do not know anything about this particular
bill ; I did not know it was here ; but I should
dislike very much to see us return to the old
proposition of being carried from the depot
here across the Potomac river in carriages or
in omnibuses. I never saw anybody inconven-
ienced by the running of these trains along the
public grounds. This is a great matter, the
connection of the northern and southern rail-
ways. At the last session of Congress, or at
the session before, you granted the privilege of
constructing a bridge across the Ohio river.
You were content that the steamboat naviga-
tion of that great stream should be obstructed
to some extent that you might make one con-
nected line of road between the North and the
South, connecting the Indiana roads and the
Kentucky roads. I favored it, although to some
extent it interfered with the navigation of that
great river; and why? Because it was of
prime importance as a public measure to con-
nect the great lines of railroads of the southern
States with those of the northern States. So
