696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
which I have heard, except one which has been
sent to me in a newspaper with a passage
marked so that I might notice it. The heading
of the paper is as follows:
" THE NEW ERA.
E. TV. Andrews, Editor and Publisher.
Martinsburg, Went Virginia."
It is under date of Thursday, January 25,
1866. In that paper is an article, which I un-
derstand has been circulated extensively among
members of Congress, containing these words:
"But why is it that neither in this report nor else-
where is it attempted to bo shown that the Legisla-
ture of Virginia has any power to alien these coun-
ties?"
This article" refers to the report I had the
honor to make to this House on the 12th of
January last, and presents the inquiry whether
the Legistature of a State has the power to con-
sent to transfer counties from that State to
another State. lama little surprised this ques-
tion should be made, because in the case of
Georgia us. Florida, 17 Howard's Reports, 478,
the Supremo Court held that the power of
changing State boundaries with the consent of
Congress is one of the essential attributes of
the limited sovereignty of States, expressly
recognized by the national Constitution.
A different rule of construction is applicable
when you come to interpret the Constitution of
the United States and the constitution of a State.
The authorities on this subject are collected m
a case in the twentieth volume of the Ohio lie-
ports, which I do not now have before me. The
Constitution of the United States creates a na-
tional Government with limited powers, enu-
merated powers, and such incidental powers as
are necessary to carry them into effect. But the
government of every State in this Union is of
a different eliaraetcr. It is of that limited sov-
ereignty which a State may have, and its gov-
ernment is not a government of enumerated
powers, but it is a government having all the
powers of legislation which are not denied to it,
either by the Constitution of the United States
or by the constitution of the State. Now, among
the powers of sovereignty in every international
State is the power to transfer territorial juris-
diction. This power is recognized by the laws
of nations. It is a part of the treaty-making
power of all nations. But in our system that
sovereign power has been restrained, so far as
the States of this Union are concerned, by the
Constitution of the United States. They can-
not, as an absolute sovereignty may, transfer
territories and territorial jurisdiction by any
treaty-making power ; they cannot transfer it
to any foreign Government; but as between
themselves territories and territorial jurisdic-
tion may be transferred by the consent of Con-
gress. This power has been exercised by the
States in ceding jurisdiction to the national Gov-
ernment for forts, arsenals, dock yard.-, and for
the District of Columbia. It is a power not now
to be doubted. As between Virginia and West
Virginia, the territorial sovereignty over those
two counties then has been transferred, and
it onfy requires the assent of Congress to com-
plete it. That is the very question now sub-
mitted to this House, to determine whether we
shall give this assent.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me a portion of his time?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I deem it necessary to say
a word. 1 mean to vote for this joint resolu-
tion as I voted for the admission of West Vir-
ginia. I mean to vote against the preamble,
believing it all—not a lie, but not the triuh—
[laughter,] wholly inconsistent with the ideas
which the majority of this House hold with re-
gard to the State. "When West Virginia came
here to ask to be made a State it professed to
come with the consent of old Virginia, and of
new \ irginia. The consent of old Virginia was
given by a Legislature got up during the rebel-
lion sitting in Wheeling, and the consent of new
Virginia was got up in the same city of Whcel-
f* ig, and they came here pretending that they
ad the consent of old Virginia, a hundred
thousand people all along between here and the
borders of West Virginia, and yet not a man
could go down even at that time to Alexandria
without being taken for a foe and carried _to
Richmond. That was the consent of old Vir-
ginia.
Now, sir, any man who supposed that under
the Constitution that State was legally divided
by the consent of old Virginia and the assent
of new Virginia, was a—very kind man [laugh-
ter] and believed what he wanted to believe.
He had faith, because, as somebody has said
here, "Faith means to believe a thing because
it is impossible." Now, then, I voted for the
admission of West Virginia; but at the time I
stated that I hoped, while I was going to vote
for it, that no man would think me fool enough
to do so on the ground that the provisions of the
Constitution which applied to the dividing of
the States had been carried into effect. But I
voted for it not unconstitutionally; 1 voted for
it in perfect accordance with the Constitution,
admitting a new State out of conquered terri-
tory. [Laughter.] And I hold that doctrine
yet.
Now, sir, this assent of old Virginia to these
two counties being annexed to West Virginia
was of the same kind. I am sorry my friend
has found it necessary to put it upon any other
ground. What was the condition of the Legis-
lature of old Virginia in 18G3? Why, sir, over
here at Alexandria, a little beyond it, our linos
existed. After West Virginia was declared a
State, the Governor of old Virginia, who had
been elected by the vote of a few counties over
the border, took his saddle-bags and went down
to Alexandria and said he was still Governor
of what was left of old Virginia, and sat there
and ordered a convention for the puipose of al-
tering the Constitution of old Virginia. Eleven
townships or thereabouts, sonic of them in that
neighborhood and one about Fortress Monroe,
where our troops were located, elected seven-
teen men, by about seventeen votes apiece, for
one million and a quarter of the people of old
Virginia. These seventeen men came and held
a convention at Alexandria, made a constitu-
tion, and proclaimed its adoption in the market-
house of that place. Before they got through
1 believe the rebel army came there and drove
them off.
Jilr. DAWES. I would inquire if one of
those seventeen was not the man that the gen-
tleman voted to admit here as a Representa-
tive ?
Mr. STEVENS. I never voted to admit
anybody as a Representative that my friend did
not ask me to vote for. [Laughter.]
Mr. T)AWES. My friend is laboring under
a mistake.
ilr. STEVENS. Well, I may be.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman voted to
admit a man that the Committee of Elections
reported against.
Mr. STEVENS. I doubt it. Well, I do not
know ; 1 have not looked at, it.
Mr. DAWES. I refer to Joseph Segar. The
committee reported against him ; he came here
with only twenty-live votes.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe I voted him in,
and then voted him out. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Ts the gentleman certain
about that?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, I am not. Dur-
ing those two years we made a most ragged
record, as the gentleman well knows. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Now, .sir, I was describing this convention.
I say that that convention, consisting of seven-
teen members, made a constitution and ordered
an election for Governor, at which Governor
Peirpoint was elected by thirty-three hundred
votes, two thirds of them Yankee soldiers, and
he was declared in the market-house of Alex-
andria Governor of the one hundred and fifty
counties of Virginia. Call that a State, do you?
And it was a Legislature consisting of eleven
men called under ihe action of that convention
that gave their consent, that these counties
should be annexed to West Virginia.
Mr. LATHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct an error of fact into which he has
fallen ?
Mr. STEVENS. With pleasure.
Mr. LATHAM. It was an act of the Legis-
lature of Virginia at a time when the State of
Virginia had jurisdiction over the whole of what
is now West Virginia.
Mr. STEVENS. I am speaking of the last
Legislature.
Mr. LATHAM. The last Legislature passed
no such act.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not refer to the pres-
ent Legislature. There was a Legislature con-
sisting of eleven or twelve men before the
present Legislature was elected. They sat at
Alexandria.
Mr. LATHAM. This legislation took place
before that.
Mr. STEVENS. Then there is not any con-
sent at all. That other Legislature was dead
and buried long ago.
Mr. LATHAM. All the legislation bear-
ing on the question now before the House was
passed by the Legislature of Virginia before the
State of West Virginia was erected.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, I do not know
much about that, but I do know that it is said
that Virginia has withdrawn her consent. No w,
the present Legislature is certainly acting under
the constitution that was made by these seven-
teen men at Alexandria. Well, after Lee's sur-
render, Governor Peirpoint took an omnibus
—or I believe it was an ambulance—and took
the records and all the oflicials, the whole gov-
ernment down to Richmond. [Laughter.] And
then those eleven men constituting the new
Legislature altered the constitution—the Legis-
lature altered the constitution—and allowed
other persons to be elected and rebels to como
in, for Governor Peirpoint complained that
unless they did that he could not lind loyal men
enough in the State to make up a Legiolatuie.
That is the government and that is the Legisla-
ture that has been withdrawing its consent!
Sir, it is ridiculous. No man enjoys low comedy
more than I do, but those low farces arc too
small to be acted on the theater of the nation ;
they ought to be spurned; there ought to be no
sanction for them here.
I shall vote for the resolution just as it is re-
ported, because I am willing to annex any part
of our conquered province that was once Vir-
ginia to West Virginia, just as the Platte coun-
try was annexed to Missouri. I am willing to
go further. I wish the State of West Virginia
had taken her natural boundary, the crest of tho
Blue Ridge, so as to include tho whole of the
noble valley of the Shenandoah. I shall vote
for the resolution upon the ground I have men-
tioned and none other, but I shall vote against
the preamble, and I hope the House will vote
it down, for it is not necessary and it is not
quite true.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I am sorry my distinguished fiiend from Penn-
sylvania cannot agree with me. I think, liow-
eier, the difference between us is not a very
material one in its practical results. I do not
stand here to vindicate the government of Vir-
ginia since it has been transferred to Richmond.
I am not here to assert that it is a legal govern-
ment. But I do say that whatever government
in a geographical State is recognized by Con-
gress, is the government of that State, and it
makes no difference whether it shall be com-
posed of few counties or composed of many;
whether it shall be able to exercise jurisdiction
all over its geographical limits or over only a
portion of them.
I maintain, then, that this State of West Vir-
ginia became a State by the joint action of Con-
gress and the recognized State government in
old Virginia; and that that recognized govern-
ment in old \ irginia (the government of Peir-
point, which was setup after the rebellion bad
driven out the original' lawful State govern-
ment) was a government lawfully set up under
section four of article four of the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow mo
to make an inquiry of him at this point?
