280
APPENDIX TO.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Senate.
Illinois Central Railroad—Mr. Yates.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the following stipulation in writing was entered
into:
War Department, August 15,1861.
Sir: XJpon consultation with the Quartermaster
Gencral.it lias been decided by this Department that
the clause in your charter, section four, gives a clear
right to the Government of the United States to the
usQ of your roadway, without compensation, for the
transportation of its troops and its property. As a
proper compensation for motive power, cars, and all
other facilities incident to transportation, two cents
per mile will be allowed for passengers' travel, subj ect
to a discount of thirty-three and a third per cent; as
due to Government for charter privileges. Payment
for transportation of freight, stores, munitions of war,
and other public property, will bo made at such rea-
sonable rates as may bo allowed to other railroad
companies, subject, however, to the abatement of
thirty-throe and a third per cent, as before specified.
The foregoing basis has been arranged with the dis-
tinct understanding that transportation shall be fur-
nished by your company at such times and in such
manner as the Government of the United States may
require, and that preferences shall bo given to Gov-
ernment transportation in accordance with the requi-
sitions of this Department and of its officers.
If this proposition is acceptable to your company,
notice in writingto that elfoctwill bo expected within
ten days from this date.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
W. II. Osboejt, President Illinois Central Railroad.
New York, August 17,18G1.
Sir: I have tho honor to acknowledge your com-
munication of the 15th, containing thedeterinination
of the Government in relation to the use of the rail-
road of this company.
Under present circumstances an important part of
our line is imperiled, and aetivc cooperation with the
Government is indispensable, and I beg to notify you
that tho proposition of the Government is accepted.
The company will endeavor to forward the troops
and property with tho utmost promptitude, prefer-
ence always being given as indicated.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. H. OSBOltN, President.
Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary of War.
This arrangement was made with Mr. Cam-
eron, the Secretary of War at that time, and
the present Secretary of War at the last ses-
sion of Congress said to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance that he believed it wise
to continue the arrangement. He said that if
the Government had refused to pay anything
the effect would be to stop the running of the
road, and compel the United States to seize and
operate it on Government account.
The Secretary of War acted wisely in not
engaging in the railroad business, and in em-
ploying the company to do its work, (which all
business men know it could do more econom-
ically,) at the same time reserving sufficient
compensation for its right to the use of the
road by requiring the company to perform the
service at one third loss than was paid to other
roads. Was this not a valid contract? It was
in the power of the Government to seize the
road, and the company was ready to turn it
over to the Government. Now, in all fairness,
can the Government honorably go back upon
its contract, especially when, but for that con-
tract the company could have turned over the
road to be operated by the Government, instead
of losing the millions of dollars they have ex-
pended in transporting for the United States?
Can it be denied that the Secretary of War
had a right to make such a contract ? Was it
not wiser in him to employ the railroad as Gov-
ernment carrier than for the Government to
undertake to do its own transportation and to
do it at greater cost ? Was this not eminently
his duty, in view of the important fact that the
road did not make one dime of profit upon the
transportation for the Government? This
declaration may strike you, Mr. President, as
strange, if you have never been engaged in the
business of railroads. But, sir, it is a statis-
tical fact that the expenses of operating rail-
toads are from fifty to seventy-five per cent, of
their gross earnings. So that if you deduct
one third from the gross earnings of a road
you have nothing left by way of profit. The
other two thirds are absorbed in the actual ex-
penses incurred in operating the road. Upon
our western roads the operating expenses are
much greater than on eastern, owing to the
sparseness of our population. The amount of
trade is irregular. Sometimes whole trains of
cars have to be run with only half freights,
which is not the case on eastern roads running
through populous cities and a densely settled
country, where the exact amount of business
can be calculated and relied upon, and where
trains, without any waste of material, are
uniformly supplied to their full capacity.
I hold in my hands the last report of the
Illinois Central Railroad Company for the
year ending 31st December, 1865, by which it
appears that the earnings for the year were
$7,181,208 37, and that, exclusive of outlays for
permanent structures and forincrease of equip-
ment, the expenses for operation alone were
$4,509,794 33. Thus you see that the running
expenses were about sixty-five per eeVit. of the
whole amount received by the road. And thus
also you see the Secretary of War made a profit-
able arrangement with the company, because
the Government could not have operated the
road near so cheaply.
Now, Mr. President, please remember, also,
that in the first place all the railroads in the
United States agreed to carry for the Govern-
ment at about two thirds the ordinary fare and
freights charged to private individuals, and that
the Illinois Central railroad in consideration of
its charter privileges, agreed to' carry for two
thirds of what other railroads received, and
you will find that the United States did not
pay what was absolutely required for running
expenses, and if the Government had taken
the road and run it there can be no question
that the expense to the Government would have
been far greater than it was under tho wise
policy pursued by Mr. Lincoln, the Secretary
of War, and the Quartermaster General.
Mr. President, there were few, if any, clearer-
headed lawyers in the United States than Mr.
Lincoln ; and while I do not asssert it as a
fact, yet I was positively assured in my own
mind that he took the same view of the con-
tract which I have taken, and that the contract
was made after full conference with him upon
the part of the Secretai-y of War and Quarter-
master General. While I cannot prove that
ho did approve of the construction of the law
as given in the contract, and of the contract as
it was made, yet I can, and will now prove to
the Senate that the whole subject was before
his mind, and that it was referred by him to the
Secretary of War. Then, I will ask, if it is
reasonable to infer that so important a contract,
affecting not only the Illinois Central, but all
the land-grant railroads, and involving many
million dollars, would have been entered into
without his consent and approval?
I now read from a copy of a letter from Mr.
Lincoln to the Secretary of War, and certified
by the Quartermaster General:
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, D. C„ March SI, 1866.
Sir : In accordance with instructions of the Secre-
tary of War of this date I transmit herewith a copy
of the letter of President Lincoln, dated May 23,1863,
in relation to the Illinois Central railroad.
Iam, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
51. C. MEIGS,
Brevet Major General United States Arm?/,
Quartermaster General.^
J. M. Douglas, Esq., President Illinois Central Rail-
road, Willard's Hotel, Washington, D. C.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, May 23,1863.
My Dear Sir : In order to construct the Illinois
Central railroad, a large grant of land was made by
tho United States to the State of Illinois, which land
was again given to the railroadcompany by the State
in certain provisions of the charter. By the United
States grant certain privileges were attempted to be
secured from the contemplated railroad to the United
States, and by the charter certain percentage of the
income of the road was to be from time to time paid
to the State of Illinois; at the beginning of the pres-
ent war tho railroad did certain carrying forthe Uni-
ted States, for which it claims pay; and as I under-
stand the United States claims at least part of this
the road was bound to do without pay.
Though attempts have been made to settle the mat-
ter, it remains unsettled; meanwhile theroadrefuses
to pay the percentage to the State. This delay is
working badly, and I understand the delay exists
because of there being no definite decision whether
the United States will settle its own account with the
railroad, or will allow the State to settle it, and ac-
count to the State for it. If 1 had tho leisure, which
I have not, I believe I could settle it; but prima facia
it appears tomewehad bettersettlethe accountour-
selves, because that will save us all question as to
whether the Stato deals fairly with us in the settle-
ment of our account with a third party, the railroad.
I wish you would see Mr. Butler, late our Stato treas-
urer, and see if something definite cannot be done ia
the case.
Yours truly, a. LINCOLN.
Hon. Secretary op War.
True copy of original letter.
Charles Tiiomas,
Assistant Quartermaster General,
Brevet Major General United'States Army.
March 31,1866.
But to state the argument of those who favor
the amendment in the strongest light possi-
ble for them, we will suppose the railroad was
bound to furnish the Government not only the
use of its road, but also of its rolling stock and
employes in the transportation of Government
troops and property free of cost, yet it will not
be contended that the Government was to have
any other than the same facilities with the com-
pany in its transportation of freights for its own
benefit. I mean that no one will contend that
in the use of it as a highway that' the Govern-
ment was to have any more than equal facil-
ities with the company itself. What capitalist
would ever be induced to invest in an enter-
prise in which others were to have superior
privileges or preference? I believe all will ad-
mitthat therailroad would have fully discharged
its whole duty to the Government when it had
done all in the way of transportation which
it was doing for private customers.
But, sir, the Government required more of
the railroad than this equal service. It re-
quired that the company should agree in writ-
ing to furnish "transportation at such times
and in such manner as the Government of the
United States may require," and " that prefer-
ence should be given to Government transpor-
tation in accordance with the regulations of
this [the War] Department and of its officers."
The company was to start its trains at what-
ever time, to delay its trains, (which I know it
often did,) at the pleasure of the officers of the
Government, and it was to transport " in such
manner " as to speed, quantity, quality of cars,
&e., as the Government required. Now, sir,
is not this preference a valid, a sufficient, and
an independent consideration for the contract
made by the Secretary of War? In that con-
tract the Government required that the rail-
road should not only be open and free to the
Government as a public highway, as it was to
the company, but that it should have the pref-
erence for Government transportation. Here
was a great surrender on the part of the com-
pany ; for no matter if its warehouses were full
of grain or produce or freights, those articles
must remain without transportation, or find
shipment on other roads, as long as Govern-
ment required the use of the road.
Any military officer, any quartermaster fur-
nishing Army supplies, could, by a simple or-
der, employ every car, passenger or freight,
in the transportation of troops and munitions
of war and supplies to the exclusion of private
shippers. The company, by giving this pref-
erence to the Government, incurred liability
to private individuals. I am informed by the
president of the company that large quantities
of produce, which otherwise would have been
shipped on their road, went to other roads,
and that suits are now pending in the Illinois
courts for losses sustained by individuals whose
produce could not be shipped in time to meet
the demands of the market in consequcnee of
preference given to Government transporta-
tion. You can well imagine, sir, that if to-day
corn at Cairo or Chicago is worth fifty cents
per bushel, and in thirty days it is only worth
thirty-five, individuals who had bought largely
for those markets would be ruined by the fail-
ure of the company to ship in time for the
market, and the company in having given a
preference to the Government would incur
heavy liabilities to those who had sustained the
