1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2721
here, tlie road between this city and Baltimore
is, to some extent, a trunk road, connecting
the, State of Virginia and those lying to the
south of it with the States lying to the north.
This is a question of commerce, not a ques-
tion of pleasure grounds, not a question whether
the people of Washiugton can come and hear
the music on Wednesday and Saturday even-
ings. I think that is unimportant. I should
like to see this elegant building surrounded
with sufficient and suitable grounds. We all
agree about that; but that we should cut off a
great line of commercial communication for the
accommodation of a few people in this city is a
proposition that to me has no force. I live in
a city of a good deal of progress, which within
four or five years has doubled its population,
and why ? Because there are eight first-class
railroads that concentrate there, and we have
furnished a union depot almost in the very
heart of the city, where the traveling commu-
nity from all portions of the world can come in
and step from car to car without expense or
delay. In that city there is no delay in tran-
shipment, no hack hire, no omnibus business,
but the old and the young can step right in that
splendid depot from one train of cars to an-
other, and tney come in and -out of the city by
steam power running through the main streets
of the city of Indianapolis, and there is no in-
convenience about it. At the crossings of the
streets w-e have men stationed to admonish the
people of the approach of the cars. I say that
that railroad connection in the city of Indian-
apolis is worth hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars to the city and to the whole country, and
the advantage to the traveling community of
all sections of the country is incalculable. It
is a great thing to make these connections;
and what is it to run through these broad
streets? Our streets in Indianapolis, where
the trains run at the rate of six miles an hour,
are narrow compared with these immense
avenues. Our streets are thronged with peo-
ple pursuing commerce, trade, and manufac-
ures, and yet there is no serious inconven-
ience. The ears go along, and the people look
out for them. The avenue here proposed to be
used, Maryland avenue, is comparatively a de-
serted street. It looks well enough; we keep
it up; but if we put a railroad track down there,
more people will go over that street in the rail-
road cars in a week when proper relations are
restored, than now travel for months on the
avenue. You scarcely see anybody on the ave-
nue ; and yet we keep up this broad avenue;
we pay the expenses of it as a promenade, I
suppose, and we are not to allow the channels
of commerce to pass through it. I do not
think it is good for much else than to lay down
a first-class railroad on. 1 have a little ob-
jection to the railroad passing by in front of
the public grounds, but not much. If people
want to come up here and listen to the debates
of Congress, let them look out for the cars ; let
boards be put up, as they are with us, to ad-
monish the people that trains are coming.
There is no great inconvenience about it.
Mr. GRIMES. This railroad company is
not required even to do that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is suggested to me
that some people may get killed. I know peo-
ple are sometimes killed at Indianapolis, but
that seems to be almost a necessity of com-
merce and trade, and we cannot help it. Peo-
ple who travel in cars are liable to be killed.
People crossing the railroads in their wagons
on the roads through the country are occa-
sionally killed; but^ we cannot help that.
There is no inconvenience here that amounts
to anything.
I do not know whether I am really in favor
of this bill, but I did not want to consent to
the plausible propositions of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. .The speech of the
Senator from Indiana satisfied me, if I needed
any satisfaction on that point, of the truth of
the remark I made, that when you put the
interest of the public in competition with a
railroad bill, the former does not stand any
39hi Cong. 1st Sess.—"No. "171.
chance at all. The thing, as I said before, is
mysterious, but men's minds work so. I do
not care anything about Maryland avenue;
I would as lief the cars should run through
that avenue as not; what I object to is cross-
ing Pennsylvania avenue at this point, and
running along the Capitol grounds. I object
to anything that will furnish a permanent dif-
ficulty in the way of extending the Capitol
grounds. I think there is something on this
earth of value to a people besides money .and
commerce and trade. I think that when a
great Government like this has put up a build-
ing like this, the grounds around it ought to
be of suitable extent. If they are large enough,
so be it. I do not see any necessity for extend-
ing them on the east; but I do for extending
them toward the river. It is, however, a
matter of taste, a matter of opinion. I do not
say that my opinion is good for much on such
a question; but such was my opinion at the
time when the proposition to which I have
alluded was made. If it had been carried out
at that time the expense would not have been
as enormous nor so great by any means as it
will be now. The expense then would have
been comparatively small. It may perhaps
be too expensive now, and it may be too late
to accomplish the object; but it is a thing
which of all others I should like to have done,
because I hope the time will arrive—of course
I shall not live to see it—when a building like
this which is a glory to the eonntry shall be
surrounded by grounds of suitable extent. The
sooner we begin to provide for them the better;
and when we have done it, I think that a little
spot on the face of the earth of a hundred acres
or so might be spared for the Capitol of a great
nation like this, even to the extreme incon-
venience of a railroad company of requiring
them to take another direction around the
grounds instead of going through them. This
is the whole argument, that it would cost them
a little more money, they wftild have to go a
little further to get on one side clear of the
Capitol grounds, where we meet, and where
we are to meet. It would be a little more
expensive to them; but I think that there are
arguments of sufficient consequence if we could
only find them, why a private company should
be put to a little more expense and inconven-
ience rather than that they should put every-
body else to inconvcnicnce and subject every-
body else to danger. It may be, however,
that I am mistaken, and that there is nothing
which ought to come in competition with the
interests of a railroad company.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think one remark of
the Senator from Maine was not exactly just.
I was not interposing for and I do not refer to,
the interests of any railroad company. I said
I did not know this company. I did not know
what the interest was, and my whole argument
was, that a mere matter of taste or the pleas-
ure of people here should not stand in the way
of a great railroad connection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then ray friend from
Indiana misunderstood me. I am not troubling
myself about the convenience of the people of
Washington particularly, but here is our Capi-
tol, here are our public grounds; we ourselves
pass directly every day from the foot of them
across the avenue. What I contend for is that
we ought to have grounds suitable to the build-
ing we occupy, the Capitol of the nation; and
it is totally inconsistent with that idea and
totally unnecessary, too, that we should have a
railroad company driving its engines and its cars
directly through these grounds or directly
across the foot of them, where we must neces-
sarily pass to'and fro every day when Congress
is in session, when they can find another mode
of crossing at perhaps some additional expense
to themselves. I agree with the Senator that
it might be very important and very well to
have a connection across this city, north and J
south, but T do not see the absolute necessity ;
that it should go in one direction rather than I
another. That never has been proven to my j
satisfaction. i
Mr. HENDRICKS. The remark of the i
Senator that I objected to was that my few
remarks had satisfied him that when a railroad
company is on the one side and the public
interest on the other, he always saw that the
railroad company won the field.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator exactly what I meant by that. I had made
the remark before that it always turned out to be
so, and when I saw so very sensible and so very  
clear-headed a man as my honorable friend
from Indiana taking that line of argument, it
satisfied me of the truth of my previous
remark.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will tell you what I
think it ought to have satisfied the Senator of
—that the true interests of the country must
be respected. Now, I do not know this com-
pany, and I care nothing about it as a com-
pany, whether it makes profit or not; but to
make a railroad connection I do care about.
That is of prime importance: and this thing
of tunneling around to the east of the Capitol
I do not believe anything in. I do not think
it will ever be done. I have no faith in that,
not a particle. I do not believe there will ever
be any tunnel made there.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I do not either, if
they can cross down here,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Where the grounds
are level. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I do not want
them to do.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw my amendment
and substitute in place of it an amendment in
the thirteenth line striking out "and First
street west.''
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber how that affects the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It will leave the company
the privilege of crossing the bridge and Mary-
land avenue, but will not grant them the priv-
ilege of crossing Pennsylvania avenue or First
street in front of the Capitol grounds.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very important, as I
think, that there should be a continuous com-
munication. That it ought not to be in front
of the Capitol, I admit, except as a temporary
provision. That the Capitol grounds ought to
be extended, I also agree with the Senator
from Maine. But I do not know that any
any actual inconvenience has occurred, or,
except upon one occasion, any accident has
occurred, from running the cars across ill
front of the grounds as they now stand. I
think the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
"pany once applied for permission to connect
their road with the Virginia roads by tunnel-
ing here to the east, and that application, I
think, they have renewed. I have no doubt
that if Congress will give them the privilege
of making a connection in that way they will
avail themselves of it; but in tlie mean time
it would be very injurious to the people South
and North that they should be stopped at
Maryland avenue. They must then make the
connection with the Baltimore and Ohio road
above, either in omnibuses or horse cars, or
by walking, and they must dispose of their
baggage in the same way. If the honorable
member will limit the privilege that this is to
give, to some three or four or five years, I
think it would answer his purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. I think I ought to explain
this bill a little further. I arn sure the Senate
do not quite understand it. I have already-
said that what the bill now contemplates has
actually been practiced, not by this company,
but by "the War Department, for the last four
years, and there lias been no practical incon-
venience resulting from it. They have now
built a bridge at gieat expense across the
Potomac river and are runnin g. I am told,
some ten trains a day between this place and
the city of Alexandria. Xow. if they should
be restricted to the Potomac river, to simply
crossing the river, it will be seen at a glance
wliat tlie inconvenience to the public would be
here, and would be between the Baltimore and
Ohio depot all this distance to be made good
in some way. by carriages, &c. t think there
is something in the argument of my colleague
