1866-.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281-
39th Costg....1st
Illinois Central Railroad—Mr. Yates.
Senate. -
losses. Why, sir, it was often the ease that for
a month at a time the company was prohibited
by positive orders from doing any private trans-
portation whatever.
Here, sir, we find a legal consideration for
this contract whifih, by no construction of law,
by no argument or special pleading, can be
said to have failed, for the preference which
the Government required the road to give in
writing was more than the worst enemy of the
road would contend the company was liable
for. If liable to afford the Government free,
or, the same thing, equal transportation, it
certainly was not liable to afford it preferred
transportation. Therefore such preferred trans-
portation, requiring the company to do what
it was not- liable to- do, putting it to trouble,
additional outlays, and subjecting it to heavy
liabilities to private customers, beyond all doubt
constituted a valuable and independent consid-
eration.
Also, if it should be decided that the Secre-
tary of War transcended his power in allowing
the road remuneration for services which it was
alleged the road was liable to perform with-
out charge, yet it cannot be denied that when
the Secretary of War discovered that merely
the use of the road and its entire equipment
upon equal terms with the company did not
meet the emergencies of the war, he had a
right, and it was required of him, to stipulate
for any additional service which could be ex-
acted from the road. Preference to the Govern-
ment was a military necessity. The effectual
prosecution of the war imperatively demanded
that military should have preference over pri-
vate transportation. Illinois alone sent two
hundred and fifty thousand men to the field,
together with uncounted trains of supplies from
her rich granaries. Nearly all these, together
with the troops and supplies of the northwest-
ern States, and also of many of the eastern and
middle States, were sent over this, the most ex-
peditious route to the seat of war, making that
preference necessary. The conclusion is there-
fore irresistible, that upon this ground of pref-
erence, if on no other, the contract was made
upon the basis of an independent and valuable
legal consideration.
Now, sir, as to the equity of the case. Sup-
pose we admit that I am in error in the law,
and suppose wo adopt the unreasonable (in-
struction that the company was to furnish the
road-bed, rolling stock, hands, and money,
without charge, to the Government. Suppose
this to be the strict legal construction, the let-
ter of the bond. Yet all concede that when
the grant was made no one dreamed that we
should have sueh a war, and that such immense
burdens would be put upon this road. When
the war began the united States had an Army
of thirteen thousand men. The provisions of
the grant were made in view of peace, or of
such increase of our Army force as ordinary
wars, like that with Mexico, or with the Indians,
or with some foreign Power, might require. No
one dreamed that we should have an Army of
over one million men. No one believed that
the Illinois Central railroad, throughout its
entire length of seven hundred and six miles,
and all its machinery, cars, and employes, were
to be absorbed by the Government for the
greater part of four long years. And now, in
all fairness, in all honesty, in just dealing, who
will say that the Government shall require all
this service for nothing? Who is the Shylock
to demand the blood of the bond? Is there
a Senator here who, if he had a contract of
this kind with a neighbor, would enforce it?
Could he, in honor, in equity, doit? And shall
the most magnificent and most magnanimous
nation of the world enforce such a hard con-
struction upon a company which, amid the
storms of this gigantic war, sent her locomo-
tives thundering along our prairies to the relief
of our armies and the triumph of our flagj? If
the railroad was willing to do such service at
actual cost, at one third less than the previously
reduced^ price of all other roads, in all con-
science is that not enough?
ThePresident, Secretary of War, and Quarter-
master General took the right view of the case.
To haverequired of the Illinois Central road to
perform a service costing them an immediate
and immense outlay of millions of money with-
out any return from the Government, and upon'
the great and pressing emergencies of war, was
to require of them what t.hey could not possibly
have performed, and which would have resulted
in as much injury to the Government as to
the company. Indeed, the delays occasioned
thereby might have proved fatal to the vigor-
ous prosecution of the war, left the enemy with
impunity to occupy all points on the Missis-
sippi and expose southern Illinois to success-
ful rebel invasion.
The argument relied upon for the oppressive
course proposed to be pursued toward the Cen-
tral road is that the Government has made a
munificent grant of the public lands to aid in its
construction, and that now it is only fair that
the company should pay the Government all
the moneys advanced to it during the war.
Now, in reply to this it can be shown that the
Government has been paid the full value of
those lands in half a dozen different ways. In
the first place, the United States grsmted to the
Central road every alternate section ana doubled
the price or the reserved alternate section,
charging $2 50 per acre instead of $1 25.
It is a well-known fact that for some of these
reserved lands .the Government received as high
as seven dollars per'aere. How was this? Why,
sir, because this much-abused road made that
half of the lands reserved by the Government
far more valuable than the whole by bringing
them nearer to market, and by attracting an
industrious and energetic population to pur-
chase and settle them. By this grant the Gov-
ernment was the greatest gainer, and it got
early purchasers for lands which for thirty years
had laid unsought and undesirable in a wilder-
ness prairie, besides filling southern Illinois
with a population which drove back the rebel
hordes, preserved inviolate our soil, and sent to
the war the very flower and chivalry of our great
Army. And, sir, it can also be shown that the
Government has already received from the Cen-
tral railroad, dollar for dollar, the whole value
of the lands at the time they wore given to the
company, in the deduction of one third from
the amount which would have been charged for
GoVernment transportation by this as has been
charged by other roads. If you consider this
as an arrangement in perpetuity, that for all
time to come the Government is to have this
same privilege, namely, a deduction of one
third of the cost of transportation, you will find
that the United States will realize from this
source alone, not only five times the value of
the lands, but will have a perpetual, exhaust-
less, unfailing annuity so large and so vast as to
defy the powers of computation. What, also,
shall be said of the millions and hundreds of
millions of dollars worth of property, created
through the agency of the road along its whole
extent, from which the Government draws, and
will continue to draw, an ever-increasing reve-
nue? Stately cities, a thousand prosperous
villages, comfortable mansions, and highly cul-
tivated farms have sprung up along the line of
this railroad in the wilderness prairie where
before wolves howled and the rank grass waved
untrodden.
Mr. President, a most unfair line of argu-
ment has been pursued in the debates upon this
subject. It is said that the Central railroad is
rich, and therefore should be compelled to re-
fund the money she has made under the con-
tract with the Government. Sir, that most
immoral logic must be founded on the princi-
ple of robbing a man of $50,000 because he has
§50,000 left. But, sir, 1 need not dwell upon
such an argument before an American Senate.
A great nation like this will do justice and will
not so0 its fair escutcheon by arbitrarily taking
that which righteously belongs either to the rich
or the_ poor. Kich as the Central road maybe,'
I am informed that during its whole existence
it has never paid but three annual dividends.
But, as further evidence of unfairness, it lia3
been recklessly represented that the lands do-
nated by the Government had of themselves
built the road, and that the' cost to the stock-
holders was nothing, or inconsiderable: How
inexcusably reckless is this statement! At
the same time Senators know that when the
company receivsd these lands, the whole of
them (2,595,053 acres) would not have sold for
$1,500,000. Why, sir, do not all western a*id
many eastern men know what the value of land-
warrants was at the time this railroad was com-
menced? They were the tests of the value of
these lands, and for years after this grant, and
after they began to increase in value in pros-
pect of the road, many, if not most of the pub-
lic lands sold were bought with land-warrants,
which were hawked around the markets and
sold on 'changeatfrom fifty to seventy-five cents
to the dollar. And yet, sir, you talk of the
Government having built a road which has cost
$40,000,000 with lands whioh were worth not
to exceed in value, allowing the highest figure,
$2,000,000.
It is said, however, that the company has
realized far more than two million dollars for
these lands. This is true; but through whose
agency? Not that of the Government, surely.
No, sir; the company by investing millions of
money and by great energy and wise manage-
ment opened these lands to market and settle-
ment and made them valuable. Is the United
States, after granting these lands, and after
they are made valuable, to set up a claim on
the road on account of the increased value?
As well might it say to the pioneer, who un-
der the homestead act goes into the wilderness,
erects his cabin, and prospers until he becomes
wealthy in houses, farm, stocks, and store; as
well might the Government say to him after
he has been paid an account for cattle and
produce furnished the United States quarter-
master upon contract': ''Yes, you have com-
plied with your contract, but you must remem-
ber that the land we gave you and which your
labor and money have improved is now worth
fifty dollars per acre, and in consideration of
that fact we must recover from you the amount
paid you upon the contract.''
But, sir, to show you how unfounded and
reckless are the charges made to prejudice the
two Houses against the Central railroad, I will.
in answer to the charge that these lands have
paid for the road, read a letter from Hon. Wil-
liam H. Osborn, the former president, a gen-
tleman of eminently high character among the
business men and capitalists of this country,
whose word no man can rightfully question,
showing the cost of the road and the sums
already received and which will probably be
received from the lands granted by the United
States to the railroad company:
Office Illinois Central Railroad Comfant,
New York, March 24, 1869.
5Iy Deak Sm: The secretary hag made up an exact
statement of the outlays upon the Illinois Central
railway from the acceptance of its charter by the
present company in 1852, with interestatsixper cent,
per annum, andhas deducted the interest coupons on
debt and the dividends paid, with theinterest on said
payments at six per cent, from the time at which
they were made. He has also deducted all tho money
received for interest on lands and for intcrest-i"Lii<i
lands, which reduces the sum total to the actual cost
with six per cent, interest only. The result is that tho
ra ilway cost, on the 31st of December last, £ 47,(548,685 97.
From this cost the receipts from the lands have re-
duced the original debt, by payment of the_ bonds,
$4,801,500: leaving tho cost (less land collections on
Slst December) $42,845,185 97. , , ,
Against this sum the company held on the 31st
December $8,785,035 25 land notes and 938,620 acres of
land. This land is worth to-day eight dollars per
aere. It would be a good sale and one which the
directors wouldconfirmat any moment, say $7,508,96U,
or with the notes in hand, $16,293,995 25, to be de-
ducted from $42,845,185 97, leaves 826,651,19® 12 tho
