1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly.
jtfr. BLAINE. As there are several very
able constitutional lawyers in this House, I
desire to submit a query that seems pertinent
to this discussion. Section three of article four
in the Constitution reads thus:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Union; but 110 new State shall be formed or
erccted within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor
any other State be formed by the junction ot two or
more States, or parts of States, without the consent, of
the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of
the Congress."
The section seems to be divided into three
clauses, and my query is, whether the second
doesnot, by fair grammatical construction, con-
tain an absolute inhibition on "the erection
of a State within the jurisdiction of another
State." In this way bringing that semicolon
into conflict with gome precedents in our his-
tory. I shall cheerfully vote for the pending
bill, and I should find no difficulty in justifying
the vote, if it were needful, on the ground that
West Virginia was the creature of revolution,
as I think she was in her origin as a State.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I deny thatthe
State of West Virginia is the creature of revo-
lution; it is wholly the creature of law; that
is, it is a State lawfully created in the forms
required and authorized by the Constitution.
It is too late for this Congress to say that under
the clause of the Constitution which the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] has read a
State may not be formed out of another State,
for Kentucky was formed out of the State of
Virginia.
Mr. BLAINE. Kentucky was ceded to
the United States and afterward erected into a
State.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That is the
same thing.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the case somewhat
different, but I confess to the gentleman from
Ohio that I do not think there is much in the
point I have raised except a criticism on punc-
tuation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The Govern-
ment of the United States has acted upon this
question already, not only in the case of Ken-
tucky, but by admitting West Virginia as a State.
I will say to the gentleman from Maine thatthe
construction for which he contends is not the
proper grammatical construction to be given to
it, nor is it the construction put upon it by the
jurists of this country. The construction for
which I contend is the one always recognized,
acted on, and so completely established that it
is constitutional law not now to be questioned
or overturned.
The effect of that section three of article four,
so far as this question is concerned, is precisely
as though it read, " New States may be admit-
ted by the Congress into this Union; and no
State shall be formed or erected within the juris-
diction of any other State without the consent
of the Legislature of the State concerned, as
well as of the Congress.'' For this purpose it
reads just as though the clause which I have
omitted to read was not in the section at all.
And now, one word as to the duty of Con-
gress, where the government of a State is over-
thrown. The whole duty and the whole power
of Congress on that subject is contained in sec-
tion four of article foui of the Constitution of
the United Slates, which is in these words:
"The United States shall guaranty to eveiy State
in this Union a republican ionn of government," Ac.
That clause contemplates or recognizes two
things ; first, that the government of a State is
one thing ; and, second, that the State itself, for
certain purposes, is another thing. In other
words, there may be a geographical State, which
is a thing different and distinct from the gov-
ernment of that State. When the lawful gov-
ernment of a State is subverted and destroyed,
as it may be by rebellion, it then becomes the
duty of the United States, of Congress, to guar-
anty to the geographical State a republican
form of government. The duty is not to guar-
anty to a portion of the geographical State,
but to the whole of the geographical State, a
republican form of government. The duty is
not to guaranty to the geographical State the
same government which it had before, or to
permit the people to resume the same govern-
ment which they had before. But it is to guar-
anty a republican form of government; not
the republican form of government which the
State originally had.
It is to be any republican form of govern-
ment which may be acceptable to Congress.
And it was by virtue of that power that the
Peirpoint government was established in the
old State of Virginia, when by rebellion and
treason the original lawful government of Vir-
ginia had been overthrown and abandoned.
That is the position which I take; that is the
view which I believe to be warranted by the
clause of the Constitution which I have read.
For when the geographical State has no gov-
ernment it has not a " republican form of gov-
ernment." The duty to guaranty government
is, among other things, to provide the means
of setting up a new State government when
none exists. A guarantor is bound to do that
which the principal ought to have done. The
geographical State and the people never were
and never can be out of the Union, but a State
government may be abandoned or overturned,
yet the nation cannot thus bo destroyed. The
national power may then be invoked to set
up, to guaranty, new State government, and the
power belongs to the nation, because it is es-
sential to national life ; for it left to the recreant
States or the people thereof it might never be
done by them.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a single remark somewhat personal to
myself.
It has several times been said in the course
of debate that I hold that the States that were
engaged in the rebellion are dead. Now, I
have never said anything of that kind. In my
speech on this subject, 1 argued that, whether
they are out of the Union, or dead, lying about
in the Union, it amounts practically to the
same thing. But I never pretended that those
States are dead; I insist that they have never
been dead, that they have always lived as States.
The only diiference in my position from that
of some other gentlemen who have spoken is
that I affirm that during the war they were States
under the confederate government, and not un-
der the Government of the Union.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I was. about to call the previous question ; but,
as 1 have twelve minutes of my time remain-
ing, T yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixoiiam.] with the
understanding that he will call the previous
question.
Mr. BINOIIAM. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
remark that the preamble ol this resolution is '
wholly unimportant, and I trust it will bo voted
down. I submit that the State of West Vir-
ginia is a Slate of the Union. I submit to the
House that it is too late to challenge the power
of the Congress of the United States to author-
ize the formation of a new State within the
jurisdiction of a State of this Union with the
consent of the Legislature of such State; for it
was done by the First Congress, composed in a
great measure of the very men whoiramed the
Constitution. The gentleman from Alamo [Mr.
Brjixi;] is mistaken in his statement that the
territory of Kentucky was ceded to the United
States. 1 aflirin that the State of Kentucky
was erected within the territory of the State
of Virginia, bv the consent of her Legisla-
ture, and by act of Congress admitted into the
U nion.
Mr. DAWES. I would remind the gentle-
man from Ohio that the same thing was done
in the case of the State of Maine, which was
formed out of a part of the territory of the
State of Massachusetts, with the consent of the
Legislature of Massachusetts.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes. sir; and the State
of Vermont wa-, formed in the same way from
part of the territory of the State of New York,
with the consent of the Legislature of New
York. |
Haying had the honor to take some humble j|
part in the formation of the State of West Vir-
ginia, and her admission into the Union, I
wish to say that in doing what I did, I but fol-
lowed the example of the men who made the
Constitution, and among them, of him whose
peerless name is first attached to that great
instrument.
Mr. Speaker, having said this much, I de-
sire to repudiate once for all the statement of
the venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] that in the exercise of this
power, I, as one of the majority of this House
who admitted the State of West Virginia, did
it as an act of sovereignty over a conquered
territory and a conquered people. I deny that
the aimies of the Union have ever made one
loyal citizen the enemy of my country or one
rood of the original Republic conquered ter-
ritory by suppressing this unmatched and atro-
cious rebellion. The soil of the States that
engaged in the rebellion remained through all
the storm and darkness a part of my own, my
native land in spite of the treason which was
enacted upon it; and now that that treason has
been subdued, it remains still a part and par-
eel of the native land of every natural-born
citizen of the Republic. The lqyal people of
South Carolina, the loyal people of Virginia,
are no more conquered subjects than is the
venerable gentleman himself. They were all
the while under the protecting shield of the
Constitution. The armies of the Union struck
to maintain the supremacy of the Constitution
and to give effect to the laws, that the loyal
might be protected and the disloyal crushed.
1 deny ever having countenanced any such
dogma as that the loyal people of West Vir-
ginia ever were conquered by our arms. Tho
armed rebel was conquered. In accordance
with the principle laid down by him who is
sometimes called the Father of the Constitu-
tion, (Mr. Madison.) three hundred thousand
of the loj'al citizens of the State of Virginia,
by reason of tho rebellion and treason of the
remaining seven hundred thousand of the cit-
izens of that State, had the exclusive right of
civil magistracy within the limits of the entire
Commonwealth. No matter whether the loyal
people of Virginia met in Richmond or Wheel-'
ing, in the persons of their chosen representa-
tives; theyassertedthereby theirright, under the
Constitution of the United Statesandin accord-
ance with the statute law of the State of Vir-
ginia. When the majority of the State of Vir-
ginia turned traitors the minority of citizens
therein who rejected the treason, being suffi-
ciently numerous to constitute a State, had the
i right to assemble in any part of the State and
] exercise all the powers which peitained to them
as citizens of the State, subject to the approval
of Congress, but without question of the rebel
majority. Why? Because in such loyal mi-
nority the entire sovereignty of the State abides,
for the simple reason that the rebel majority in
arms forfeited every right which belonged to
them, whether as citizens of Virginia or citi-
zens of tho United States, by their treason.
The traitor can never again exercise political
rights in Virginia but by the will of the people
of (he United States.
I repudiate, as the gentleman does, this mis-
erable contrivance here in Richmond called the
Legislature of Virginia, for the simple reason
that it has never been sustained and is not now
sustained by a sufficient number of loyal men
to constitute a State ; but when a sufficient num-
ber of loyal citizens do petition in what is
known as Virginia for recognition as a State,
I say no man on this floor has a right to deny
to them the right of local legislation, simply
because, in the language of your Declaration,
'•the legislatee powers of the people are in-
capable of annihilation" save by their own
crime. Surely the traitor majority, by their
eieat treason, cannot annihilate the right of
the loyal people to local self-government.
That right sacredtothe people of everyState
cannot bo forfeited save by the act, the criminal
act of the body of the community. So long as
a sufficient number of the citizens of an insur-
gent State remain loyal to the Constitution to
