698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
constitute a State, tlie Congress may and ought
to recognize their right of self-government.
TV est Virginia is a State. She has consented
to the annexation of the counties of Berkeley
and Jefferson. The people of those counties
have consented to it. It remains for Congress
to consent to it. I care not for the consent of
Virginia, because she has no organized State
government. West Virginia is a State. Her
admission by the act of Congress into the Union
concludes every department of the Government,
bo long as she is faithful to the Constitution
and laws of the Union. There is no depart-
ment of the Government to-day which may
lawfully dispute the rights of West Virginia as
a State of the Union.
Sir, permit me to say that the Federal
judicial officer who officially questions and de-
nies the authority of West Virginia as aState of i
this Union, so long as the present action of
Congress stands unrepealed by the sovereign
power of the American people, simply subjects
himself, in my opinion, to impeachment, and
ought to be driven in contempt and disgrace
from his office. For the annexation of these
comities to West Virginia nobody's consent is
needed except the consent of the people thereof
and of the State of West Virginia; and that
consent htfs been given.
It only remains, therefore, for the people of
the United States to say whether the peoplein
the counties of Jefferson and Berkeley sh;ill be
transferred to the jurisdiction of WestVirginia.
The preamble, as I remarked before, has noth-
ing to do with the purpose of the bill, and I
shall vote to strike it out. What, remains is
perfectly intelligible. Congress thereby con-
sents and declares that the two counties shall
be transferred to West Virginia. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
S. II. 150YD VERSUS JOHN R. KELSO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House pa-
pers in the matter of contest of S. II. J5oyd ks.
John 11. Kelso; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
CUWIKNT REEVES.
The SPEAKER also laid before 1he House
a communication from (he Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House, information in regard to the seiz-
ure of the land of Clement Reeves, on (he Dela-
ware river; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED JOINT HEFOLUTIOS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from tlio Oommiitee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that, they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution directing
the distribution of the writing of James Madi-
son; when the Speaker signed the same.
TTMNPIi'HR Or COUNTIES AGAIN.
The joint resolution was ordered to he en-
grossed and read a third time; and beim? en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ROGERS. I offered au amendment to
the resolution, on which the question lias not
been taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman gave notice
that he had an amendment to offer, but he did
not offer it.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask leave to offer it now.
The SPEAKER. Jt can only be received by
unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the joint ;
resolution.
lhe previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. ELDRTDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution, and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldtudge,
and IvAur!u:xc£ of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-,seven.
So the yeas and nays were ordered. [
The question was then taken on the passage
of the joint resolution ; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nay$ 24, not voting
46 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
DelosR. Ashley, Jameri M. Ashley, Baldwin. Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham,Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broom-
all, Buekland, Bundy, SidnoyClarke,Cobb,Cook,Cul-
lom, Darlins?, Defrees, Dcmins, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farqu-
har, Fciry, Garfield, Gimncll, Hale, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper,
ilotehki^, AsaholW. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Dernas Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, In«?crsoll, Jcnckcs, Julian, Kasson, Kelley,
Kelso, Ketcham.Laflin, Latham, William Lawrence,
Longvcar, Marston, Marvin, MeClurg, McKec, Mc-
Ruer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris,
Moul ton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill. Ortli, Paine, Patter-
son, Perhani, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,William II. Ran-
dall, John R. Iliee, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Sco-
field, Shcllabargrer, Sloan, Spaldmcr, Starr, Stevens,
Thaver. Trowbridge. Upson, Van Acrnam. Burt Van
Horn, RobertT. Van Horn, Warner, EhhuB. Wash-
burne.Welker, Wentworth, Whalcy, Williams James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—112.
NA1S—Messrs. Baker, Boyer, Brooks, Chanler,
Dawson, Eldridge, Finek, Glos3brennei, Aaron Hard-
ing, llosan. James M. Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond,
Marshall, Niblack. Hitter, Rogers, Ross. Shanklin,
Strouse, Tabcr, Taylor, Thornton, and Trimble—24.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Blow,
Reader W. Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Denison, Eggieston, Goodyear, (Jrider, Gris-
wold, Harris, Hart, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ilulburd,
James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Knykendall,
George V. Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McCullough,
Mclndoe, Nicholson, Nocll, Phelps, Plants, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander If.
Rice, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stilwell, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Yoorhecs, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Winficld, and Wiight—-16.
So the joint resolution wus passed.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 move to amend the title
so as to read as follows : "Joint resolution giv-
ing the consent of Congress to the transfer of
the counties of Dcrkelcy and Jefferson to the
State of West Viigiuia/' Arid on that I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question -was seconded, and the
main question ordered 5 and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed, and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL KEVEXTE.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent to
take up House bill No. 201, to declare the mean-
ing of certain parts of the internal revenue net,
approved June-'30, 1804, and for other purposes.
It is important that this should be passed now,
in order that the Department may prepare their
blanks.
The SPEAKER. It will come up as unfin-
ished business to-morrow before the morning
hour.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m., hav-
ing arrived, the House took a recess.
nvuxixa session.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., Dir. 'Jouii in the chair,) and re-
sumed, a-- in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the consideration of the
President's annual message.
JIAUBOR OF EME, TENXSYLVANTA.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I feel
obliged to interrupt the interesting debate that
lias been going on for some days to discuss an
item of business that deeply concerns my dis-
trict and Slate.
1 wish to call the attention of the House to
the importance, notio soy necessity, of making
a moderate appropriation to improve or rather I
repair the harbor of Eric. Although this har- i
bor is situated some ninety miles west from the i
eastern terminus of Lake Erie, it is consider- |
ably nearer to the Atlantic ports at Philadelphia !
and Baltimore than any other harbor on the !
lake, and by the short route now opened through ■,
Pennsylvania and New Jersey, it is only about
equally distant from New York. Many and ex- !
pensive channels of communication with the !
country east and south of it have been opened I
by the capital and enterprise of our State ; for j
this is Pennsy!vania:s only port upon the great !
chain of lakes. Both a canal and a railroad
connect it with all the commerce of the Ohio
river, with the iron and coal trade of Pittsburg,
and the peculiar manufactories of that city, and
with the extensive fields of most excellent bitu-
minous coal in western Pennsylvania and cast-
tern Ohio. By continuous rail and unbroken
gauge it is connected with the commerce of the
world at Baltimore, Philadelphia, and Ne wYork,
as well as with the vast mineral wealth of east-
ern and the lumber and rock oil of western
Pennsylvania. In these channels of commu-
nication, the cities of Erie, Philadelphia, and
Baltimore, as "well as many counties and towns
along the various lines, liave made large in-
vestments in the hope that their respective lo-
calities might profit by as well as add to the
immense traffic of our inland seas.
The harbor itself possesses extraordinary
natural advantages. It is formed by apeninsula
putting out from the shore in an arching direc-
tion, and bearing eastward and then southward
until it dams off and landlocks a bay five miles
in length and one fourth that distance in width.
It is large enough to hold all the shipping on
the lakes, and so well protected that the sever-
est storms to which they are exposed do not
in the least affect it. No engineering could
have devised a better harbor. It would almost
seem as if it had been arranged in the creation
especially to throw into the markets of the world
the vast mineral wealth hidden in the surround-
ing country. For near to and immediately in
front of it are the great oil wells of Pennsylva-
nia, whose steady flowing is shipped at Erie
both east and west. Wii hiu a few hours' freight-
ing dislatiee, for we measure space by time
now, stretching ill a semicircle around this bay
are beds of bituminous coal, exhaustless and
almost as cheap as the waters of the lake. Much
further to the east and across the Alleghany
mountains, but niglier and more accessible to
this harbor than any other on the western waters,
are the anthracite coal fields of our State—in
quantity and quality, as everybody knows, un-
rivaled by the world. The Alleghany mount-
ains are crossed on other routes, as for instance
the Baltimore and Ohio and Pennsylvania Cen-
tral, with terrific grades, but further north, on
an air line between our harbor and this coal,
the west branch of the Susquehanna has worn
away the mountains and opened a channel
through which the Philadelphia and Erie, but
recently completed, passes almost on a dead
level. It would seem as if God had lowered
the crest of the mountains just in front of this
harbor to allow this heavy but indispensable
freight to pass upon gentle grades to the ship-
ping of the lakes and the workshops and dwell-
ings of the West.
So much for the value of the harbor. A
word or two now as to the repairs needed.
Many years ago a breakwater and two piers
were constructed by the Government at the
entrance of the harbor. The breakwater ex-
tends from the shore in the direction to meet
the east end of tlie peninsula as it eurves to-
ward the mainland. Between this breakwater
and the peninsula are the two piers, running
at right angles to the breakwater, but parallel,
of course, with the shore and each other. Be-
tween these two piers is the gate or entrance
to the harbor. By a mistake, as is supposed,
i in the engineering, the outside pier is much the
longest. It was supposed that this inequality
in length of the piers would best protect the
entrance against the formation of bars by the
deposit, of sand. The effect is just the reverse
of the intention. The lake has its tides, as
you may say, as well as the ocean, occasioned
by the winds. The water rises in one part of
the lake when the wind has been long in one
direction, and falls when it changes. The
swollen waters of the bay discharging between
these piers creates at times a powerful current.
This stream of water, after passing beyond the
shore pier and finding no further obstruction
on that side, while it is still crowded by the
pier on the lake side, turns a short corner
shoreward and passes off to the lake through
short and irregular curves. Of course sand-
