2722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
as to the crossing here in front of the Capitol
grounds ; and if it was intended to be a perma-
nent tiling, I \vould not give my consent to it.
But I know the fact that a bill is already pend-
ing to change the location from Maryland
avenue around to the east side of the Capitol,
and there pass by a tunnel to a connection on
the north side into a common depot with the
' Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Now, I suggest whether it is worth while to
interrupt the communication that has been
made for four years in front of us here. For
the present, why not allow the company to
continue to practice what has been so safely
practiced for the last four years, until a com-
munication can be made on the east side of the
Capitol? The amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa relieves the matter very
much, because it gives the company the right
to cross the bridge and the right to come up
Maryland avenue, but it leaves the connection
between Maryland avenue and the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad depot unprovided for. If that
is the sense of the Senate, that they ought not
to make the connection, 1 am content.
Mr. HENDERSON. As a member of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, I have
had more or less occasion to look into this
matter. In fact, I jvas upon a sub-committee
to examine the scheme of tunneling the ground
east of the Capitol. I went around and exam-
ined it. I do not know that I could form any
correct conclusion from any examination I
might make on a subject of that sort, but I
should dislike very much, from what I know
of this matter, to see the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa adopted. I would much
rather see a proposition giving the company
the right to continue the use of steam upon
these streets, for a short time, say for twelve
months or two years. I would amend the bill
by inserting after the word "granted," in the
fourth line, the words "for a period of two
years from the date of the passage of this act;"
and then I would add a proviso that trains
should not be drawn through Washington city,
or along the bridge over the Potomac river, at
a greater rate of speed than five miles an hour,
or if the Senate choose to say six miles an
hour I shall be satisfied. In 1863 we had some
legislation on this subject, and we provided by
the first section of the act approved March 3,
1863—■
"That the Alexandria and Washington Railroad
Company be, and the same is hereby, authorized to
extend their said railroad from the south side of the
Potomac across said river to and along Maryland
avenue to the Capitol grounds, and across Pennsyl-
vania avenue along: First streetto Indiana avenue,
andthenee to the Baltimore and Ohio depot; and
that all the ordinary rights, privileges, and liabilities,
incident to similar colorations are conferred upon
said company for that purpose: Provided, however,
That the same shall be subject to alteration, amend-
ment, or repeal: And provided further. That the cars
shall not be drawn on the streets aforesaid, or on the
structure across the Potomac river mentioned in the
second section of this act, by steam power, without
the consent of Congress and of the corporate author-
ises of the city of Washington thereto."
By one of the provisions of that act I un-
derstand that the company have been propel-
ling their ears by steam over Maryland avenue
and along First street, west of the Capitol,
ever since that time. At that time authority
was given to build a railroad bridge across the
Potomac river, very near to what is termed the
Long bridge. The company constructed a very
valuable bridge, a very good railroad bridge,
and are now using it. It is true it is near the
Long bridge. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessexdex] thinks it would be very dangerous
to persons crossing the Long bridge, especially
in carriages, to have railroad trains propelled
bv steam across the railroad bridge. I can
stale lo the Senator, upon some inquiry into
the matter, that I have never heard of a single
accident on the bridge since trains have been
propelled across by steam. We can best judge
matters of this sort by experience and by actual
test. For three long years they havebeenusing
steam power on this bridge, and not a single
accident has occurred upon the Long bridge in
consequence of it.
Mr. GRIMES. How long?
Mr. HENDERSON. I said three years ago,
but I take that back. It is three years ago since
we gave authority to build the bridge. It was con-
structed, I think, within about twelve months.
They have been using steam upon the bridge
now for about eighteen months or two years,
and not a single accident has occurred in con-
sequence of it. I have heard of but one acci-
dent from the use of steam, even upon First
street west, and that has been alluded to, I
believe, by the Senator from Maine, and it
turned out in that case that it was not the fault
of the railroad company, but the fault of the
driver of the horse car.
Now, the question arises whether it would
be advisable to abandon this direct communi-
cation between the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
and the Alexandria railroad, or rather to use
horse power in drawing the cars through this
city, thus obstructing to a certain extent trade
and travel between the North and the South,
because this is the only line that affords direct
railroad communication. The Baltimore and
Ohio railroad cars go through with steam a
portion of the city that is more densely popu-
lated, or at least a3 much so as Maryland avenue.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where?
Mr. HENDERSON. They use steam com-
ing into their depot on the north side.
Mr. JOHNSON. But there are no houses
til 61*6.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can hardly see any
houses on Maryland avenue to be injured or
endangered by the use of steam.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Philadelphia railroad
goes through a large extent of the settled part
of Baltimore by steam.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, that is op the
other side ; and on this side also the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad in approaching the depot in
the city of Baltimore passes through a portion
of that citymuch more densely populated than
is any part of tl^eity of Washington where it
is proposed to run these cars by steam. This
is done in almost every city of the Union. It
is done in Chicago; it is done in Cleveland;
it has been done in the city of St. Louis dur-
ing the whole period of the war, and I do not
now remember any case of an accident having
occurred in consequence of it. Possible acci-
dents have occurred ; but certainly very few,
if any, in consequence of the use of steam.
I have not heard of a building being burned,
or even of any collision between the drays upon
the wharves at St. Louis and the steam engines.
I do not propose to give the permanent use
of First street west. I have the same objec-
tion to that which the Senator from Maine pre-
sented. In fact that right is worth a great
deal to this company; it is worth an immense
amount to them. The truth of the matter is,
that the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany is very anxious to secure the privilege of
tunneling the ground for half a mi'e or three
quarters of a mile on the east of the Capitol,-
andtliusto getapermanent connection between
the northern and southern lines of railroad in
this country. They estimate the cost of that
work at more than a million dollars, and they
are verv willing, indeed very anxious, to secure
that privilege at the hands of Congress. I would
not grant the privilege of using First street as
a permanent privilege, but I would give them
the temporary use of the street while the tun-
nel is being constructed, by means of which
they can get under ground on the northern side
of the city, and keep under ground until they
approach the canal south of New Jersey avenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is where they
should go.
Mr. HENDERSON. A tunnel can surely
be constructed on the eastern side of the Cap-
itol by means of which to make the connection,
and it ought to be done. I would not cut off
the privilege which is now being exercised at
•present. I would let them pass through the
city and across First street, because we are
not proposing just now to extend the Capitol
grounds; we are not prepared to do so; and it
is of very great moment indeed, now that the
country has been restored, to its old commer-
cial relations, anyhow, that the connection
should be as perfect as possible. This is the
only point at which it can be made.
I would suggest another fact that I have had
some occasion to examine as a member of the
Committee on the District of Columbia. I
was not aware that such a bill was here. It
is not the bill which we had before us, and
which was given in my charge. That bill was
for the pursose of tunneling on the east side
of the Capitol; and I examined the matter,
and at the request of the parties interested,
agreed to let it lie until a bill should come
from the other House on the subject. I do
not know what course of action the other
House has taken on the bill that was pending
there. There is a bridge at Georgetown that
belonged to the Alexandria Canal Company;
and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] and
myself have had a duty devolved on us to make
some examination into that. It is an inter-
ference, as now constructed, with the harbor
at. Georgetown; and the inhabitants of George-
town are exceedingly anxious, now that they
desire to extend their wharf facilities and their
coal facilities, to remove the bridge, or to be en-
abled to put a draw in it, so that commerce may
go for some two or three miles further up the
river, and that they can use that portion of the
wharves at Georgetown west of the bridge for
coaling purposes, and that sailing vessels can
be taken up there. In order to do that, we
have to interfere with the chartered privileges
of the Alexandria Canal Company. A draw
cannot be put into the bridge when used as an
aqueduct, but can if used as a bridge; and in
all probability legislation may be had during
this session by which that bridge at George-
town, with certainly very superior piers, with
very little expense may be made a means of
communication across the Potomac of far bet-
ter character than now enjoyed through the
Long bridge. It is now dangerous, as I under-
stand, or becoming so, to cross upon theLong
bridge at all, not from the passage of railroad
trains, but because of the character cf the
structure itself.
Mr. WADE. They have not passed on that
bridge for a long time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I nowunderstand that
it was dangerous; I did not know that fact
before.
Mr FESSENDEN. I suppose, then, the
reason that no accidents have happened is
because nobody crosses it.
Mr. HENDERSON. There was crossing
there after the company commenced using
steam. I would state that upon an examina-
tion of the subject I think it is likely that we
can secure the bridge at Georgetown. The
Canal Company owes the Government $300,000
loaned in 1837. No attention has ever been
paid to it. The canal is very unprofitable
stock in the hands of the company. It is
worth nothing. Indeed, it is doubtful whether
the company would ever again use it as a
canal. Certainly if we take the past experi-
ence of the canal, the profits of the busi-
ness will not pay for the necessary repairs in
order to use the bridge as an aqueduct
again. Under the circumstances, inasmuch
as the travel is now passing over the bridge
at Georgetown almost entirely, and inasmuch
as no inconvenience can arise from using
steam across the railroad bridge, which is a
very superior structure, and the company de-
serve a great deal of credit for constructing
such a work as it is, and inasmuch as com-
merce would require that if we can use with
anything like security the streets.of the city
in order to connect the lines of railroad we
should do so, I think we had belter pass the
bill, limited as I have suggested.
The Senator from Iowa is a friend of inter-
communication, and even went so far, the
other day, as to see no objection to bridging
the Father of Waters.
Mr. MORRILL. At Burlington.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 believe he made no
objection at any point, to very low structures.
I suggest to him that he had better withdraw
