1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3683
fir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This ought
to go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 30, noes 31; no
quorum voting,
The SPEAKER, under the rale, ordered
tellers;, and appointed Messrs. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Lb Blond.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If thegen-
tleman from Colorado [Mr. Bradford] will
withdraw the call for the previous question I
will move that the resolution be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary with leave to
report at any time.
ilr. BRADFORD. I consent to that, and
withdraw the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the resolution will be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary with leave to report at
any time.
There was no objection.
arizona contested election.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles
D. Poston. contesting the right of Hon. John
N. Goodwin to a seat as Delegate from Arizona,
have instructed me to make an oral report.
The petition was referred to the committee
on the 11th day of December last. No notice
of contest has been served upon the'sitting
Delegate, and no testimony has been taken and
submitted to the committee in support of the
statements. of the petition. The committee
have therefore instructed me to report back
the petition and to move that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration
and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
j. s. underbill.
Mr. TAYLOR asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the Hoi^se the peti-
tion of J. S. Underhill for extra compensation
for building the iron-clad Keokuk.
enrolled bills and joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 179) for the
relief of Edgar T. Harris; *
An act (H. R. No. 461) granting a pension
to Ann Sheehey;
An act (H. R. No. 464)jfor the relief of John
Gordon ;
An act(H. R. No. 495) for the relief of Mary
A. Patrick;
An act (H. R.- No. 616) for the relief of Lu-
cinda Gates;
An act (H. R. No. 684) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary A. McManus, widow of Captain
Andrew McManus, late of the sixty-ninth Penn-
sylvania volunteer infantry;
An act (II. R. No. 698) granting an increase
of pension to Mrs. Mercie E. Scattergood;
An act (H. R. No. 099) for the relief of James
L. Perham;  
An act (H. R. No. TOO) for the benefit of
John W. Jones;
An act (II.'R. No. 703) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch;
An act (H. R. No. 704) for the relief of Joel
Farley;
An act (H. R. No. 705) for the relief of
George W. Busli;
An act (H. R. No. 740) for the relief of
Matilda J. Monroe;
An act (H. R. No. 743) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act granting a pension to jj
Mrs. Emeranee Gouler; " and
An act (H. R. No. 641) for the relief of
Charles M. Stout, late a second lieutenant in
company E, seventh Pennsylvania Reserve
corps.
personal explanation.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, though I
have served as a member of this House seven
vears or more. I believe I have never before
risen to a personal explanation, which I do on
this occasion.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvaniaasks consent to make a personal expla-
nation. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the Clerk to read
a portion of an article published in the Pitts-
burg'Republic of last Saturday.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Oar Tfext Congressman.
"Pittsburg Coal Interests Sacrificed for the Benefit of
Nova Scotia Land Jobbers and Speculators—Con-
gressman Moorhead liepresenting a British Province.
" Afew days sinco we alluded to thefact, so utterly
astounding and unexplainable, that the represent-
ative of the greatest bituminous coal interest in the
world had advocated, in debate in the House of Rep-
resentatives, a measure destructive ofthatcoal inter-
est, for the benefit, as it was said, of New England
manufacturers. We denounced the aetas a betrayal
of the intere&tsof the majority of our people, and en-
deavored to find a plausible reason for the commis-
sion of the outrage. In full belief that our Repre-
sentative never acted unless from some personal and
pecuniary interest, we thought it might be probable
that lie had some local or home interest ant agonistic
with the general welfare, and hence hissingular con-
duct. Wo are now, howevei\ enabled to furnish the
true reason for the action of our disinterested and
honored Representative.
" We met in Philadelphia, on Thursday, a distin-
guished citizen from a neighboring countywlio is
largely engagedin thecoal business, and who is some-
what celebrated for his quiet adroitness in 'hunting
up' and tracing'hidden and obscure 'moccasin tracks/
This gentleman informed us that he was just en route
for Washington city, deputed by a number of coal
operators to go there and use his influence to secure
the great bituminous coal interests of western Penn-
sylvania and eastern Ohio and Marylund from the
destructive effects of the reduction proposed on the
importation of Nova Scotia and other loreign coal.
Wo stated that we had in a small way endeavored to
call public attention to the facts in connection with
the coursepursuedbyourRepresentative,Mr Moor-
HEAn. He instantly replied, 'It is well known what
induces jMoorhf.ad; he would sacrifice any interest
of the district he represents, if its protection caino
so directly in conflict with thejnoney interest of his
family, or probably of himself.' Weadmitted we did
not understand in what particular manner a reduc-
tion of the duty on foreign coal could haveany bene-
ficial effect upon the interests to which he alluded.
" Thoreply astonished, and at thesame time opened
to our view the whole secret of Moorhead's sudden
change from what he advocated in the committee
and yielded on the floor of the House. Why, said
our informant, the family in Philadelphia (Jay Cooke
& Co., and the Moorhead brothers, we presume, were
referred to) own large coal interests in Nova Scotia
and, Picton: with proper rates of duty—they could
not import a bushel with low duties—or,under tho
old reciprocity treaty, they did andean drive us from
tho Atlantic market, They have to transport their
coals not over three miles by land carriage to tide,
while we are compelled to use three hundred miles
of railway. A fair duty of $1 25 or SI 50 per ton
gives us the eastern markets; fifty cents a ton gives
it to the family land-jobbers in Philadelphia, and
hence the reason for General Moorhead's course.
"Our informant further observed that Mr. JlboR-
head was an attentivo Bible reader, and had proba-
bly remembered the words,' He that does not pro-
vide for his own household is worse than an infidel.'
'I am in no hurry now,' said our informant, 'for I
observe that a true, old-fashioned, and faithful Rep-
resentative from Ohio lias defeated the "Moorhead"
compromise tor the present, at all events.'"
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, this was
written in consequence of my having stated
here, when the Committee of Ways and Means
reported, that I had agreed to that pait of the
report imposing a duty of fifty cents per ton on
coal from the British Provinces to be used by
New England manufacturers, and a dollar and
a half per ton on coal from Liverpool and New-
castle. The wisdom of my action in this re-
gard, I believe, requires no explanation or justi-
fication, and even if it did this is neither the
time nor the place for so doing. I will attend
to that at home before my constituents.
My object in rising is to brand the article
attributing to mo sordid motives as false and
malicious, whether it emanates from the dis-
tinguished gentleman referred to or the editor
of the paper. I take occasion to say that
neither myself nor my brother nor any other
living person with whom I am acquainted is |
directly or indirectly interested in any Britfeh j
Province; and it is for the purpose of repelling |
that base> slander I have risen, and not for the j
purpose of occupying the time of the House, i
amendment of the constitution". . j
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, pre- j
sented five petitions from A. 0. Todd and nu-
merous other citizens of Illinois, praying an
amendment of the Constitution, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and Home of liejoresenta~
tives of the United States in Congress assembled:
We, citizens of the United States, respectfully ask *
your honorable body to adopt measures for amend-
ing the Constitution of the United States so as to read
in substance as follows:
Wo, tho people of the United States, humbly ac-
knowledging Almighty God as tho source of all au-
thority and power in civil government, the Lord
Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the nations, and
His revealed will as of supreme authority, in order
to constitute a Christian Government, and in order
to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, in-
sure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness to ourselves, our posterity, and all the
inhabitants of the land, do ordain and establish this
Constitution for the United States of America,
The petitions were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
reconstruction.
Mr. BAKERaskedand obtained leave to have
printed as a part of the debates of the House
remarks he had prepared on reconstruction and
the future civil policy of the Government.
[The remarks will befoundin the Appendix.]
koontz versus coffhoth.
Mr. McCLURGr submitted, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, a report, concluding with
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That Alexander H. Coffroth is not en-
titled to a seat in this House as a Representative
from the sixteenth congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania in the Tbirty-M inth Congress.
liesolved, That William II. Koontz is entitled to a
seat a3 a Representative from the sixteenth congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
The report was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
DR. F. IS. CULVER.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Dr. F. B. Cul-
ver, late special agent and commissioner to
negotiate treaties with certain Indian tribes:
which was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I explained
on Saturday to the House the absolute necessity,
as represented to me by the Secretary of War
and by the Lieutenant General of the Army of
the United States, for some provision in regard
to the Army. Men must be obtained in addi-
tion to those we have now in the Army for the
actual necessities of the Government; and it
becomes essentially necessary in some "shape a
bill for the reorganization of" the Army and its
establishment on a peace footing shall pass,
otherwise a large proportion of the present
small Army must be mustered out oh account
of the cessation of hostilities. The Senate, I
observe, are still presenting new bills. I have
explained a bill as in possession of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, passed by the Sen-
ate, while a bill passed by the House is in pos- ,
session of the Senate. If the Senate continue
to pass new bills as it seems disposed to do, we
sliall never come to any conclusion. Some one
bill must be acted on. The Committee^ on
Military Affairs of the House have no particu-
lar pride in rejecting or having the Senate bill
passed. Our "desire is to have some action of
Congress in which the two Houses shall agree,
and in order to bring the Senate up to a posi-
tion rendering it necessary to act on soine bill,
I am instructed by the Committee on Military
Affairs to report "back the bill passed by tho
Senate and to move, as a substitute, the bill
passed bv the House. This will result in a
conference, without which we will never come
to a conclusion. I report, back, therefore, Sen-
ate bill No. 138, with a substitute, being pre-
cisely the bill upon which the House lias acted,
word for word. I propose to substitute.for the
Senate bill the House bill as an amendment.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have this
moment come in and I would like to under-
stand the proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I simply propose to sub-
stitute the bill which has passed the House for
