1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
arate vote, the question will be put on all the
amendments together.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill in
the eighth section by inserting after the word
court," in the ninth line, the words "but no
district judge shall sit in the court of appeals
on the trial of any cause which shall have been
determined by him in the district court."
Mr. SUMNEIi. That is absolutely new. I
take it that in no country in the world has that
rule ever been recognized.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will say to the Sen-
ator that we tried it in Maine for awhile and
then abandoned it.
Mr. SUMNER. I knew that nothing of that
kind had ever got fairly established in the
jurisprudence of any country.
Mr. HAK11IS. In New York wc had it at
one time and abandoned it.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it the experience of
the world is that the court above does need
the knowledge and practical acquaintance with
the cause which the iudge below has acquired
in its trial.
Mr. HARRIS. In the Supreme Court it is
no unusual tiling for the judge to •write the
opinion of the court reviewing his own decision.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. I think the proposition is not so
new as the Senator from Massachusetts seems to
think, though it is newer than it ought to be. I
think it has not been adopted early enough, nor
generally enough, nor stuck to in the State of
Maine or in the State of New York very long.
It is impossible for mo to conceive how such a
provision should occasion any inconvenience.
You have an appellate tribunal here consist-
ing of several judges. The purpose of provid-
ing that court of appeals is to give ;i new trial,
to get the adjudication of a different tribunal,
and, I think, it is better and will be more sat-
isfactory if it is entirely a different tribunal
than if it is partly a new one and partly the
same. To the extent that it is the same tri-
bunal, it is a rehearing and not an appeal, not
a review.
It is a fact not universal, but so general that
it scarcely affords a ground for an imputation
on the character of a magistrate, that some
men become so wedded to an opinion trom the
mere fact that they have once pronounced it,
that they fire less open to conviction than they
would he if they never had pronounced that
opinion. I do not mean to make any personal
application of the remark, and I hope my
friends close by will not wince under it. I
have noticed such cases; and I have heard of
another fact, which is that sonic judges are so
constituted that thev arc inclined to yield to
the opinion of an associate, finding a firm and
fixed opinion in ihat associate, rather than to
investigate for themselves when they have such
an opinion to lean upon; and I do not mean to
make anv personal application ot that remark
eith er.
It has been suggested here that the acquaint-
ance of the judge who has tiied a case in the
court below'migh I be absolutely essential to the
appellate court'. I beg leave to say in reply to
that suggestion that 1 think it is absolutely
dangerous for an appellate eourttoknow more
of the cause than they can gather from the rec-
ord and from the iirciuinonts of the counsel,
except what they gather from the examination
of authorities, it it lie resolved that there shall
be one man hi the appellate tribunal who has
already passed upon the ease and has fixed
Opinion:-, the side nf the controversy on which
those opinions have been pronounced has ail
advantage on this hearing. That is certain.
The apneiiaLe court has then the duty of hear-
ing council for each of the parties before it,
and when those arguments have been submitted
there is or may be a further argument submit-
ted in die council chamber by the judge who
has once tried the cause and made up his opin-
ions on the trial below anil has iranspoited
those opinions to the appellate court. If there
were any positive or possible good to be derived
from that I would submit to whatinconvenicnce
is likely to result from this measure of fallibility
to which I referred; but unable as,I am t,o
see any possible good to be derived from hav-
ing that particular judge to preside on the new
trial of the cause, it seems to me we had bet-
ter' provide for a new tribunal, composed of
new judges, to act as the appellate court. I
hardly tliink the Senate would be prepared to
accept this proposition against the protest of
the Senator from New York and the Senator
from Massachusetts and others who have indi-
cated their opinion against it. lily own judg-
ment is that it is a very proper one, and I
should be very glad to see it adopted.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the ^Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the object of the amend-
ment to prevent the judge sitting in the court
below from sitting in the court in banc?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in favor of that
amendment. In Maryland we had the pro-
vision which will be in this bill if the nmend-
nient is not accepted. The judge sat in the
court above, and the suspicion of the bar was
—whether it was well founded or not well
founded I do not know; but the very existence
of such a suspicion was mischievous in its con-
sequences—that the judge who decided below
really became a partisan ; his opinion was fixed,
more by pride of opinion than anything else,
and he became an advocate, instead ot being,
as he should be, strictly, a judge open to con-
viction. And without meaning to name indi-
vidual judges at all, I have seen, as I have
thought, the same tiling in the Supreme Court
ofthe United States. The judges who decide the
cases below think that tlieit' lepulation is injured
by having their judgments revei sed ; and the re-
salt has been, as 1 think 1 have seen over and
over again, that they become exceedingly act-
ive : they pass the bounds, as I think, that should
limit the judicial function and become advocates
merely for the purpose of saving their reputa-
tions. Now, as far as relates to any information
that the judge may give ofthe case as itcxisted
in the court below- and his reasons for giving his
opinion, the court will consult him; but to put
him upon the bench and make him a part of
the court that is to decide that ease, has more
than once resulted in this, that the judgment
below has been affirmed by a divided court, he
being one of that court; and frequently when
there was not a divided court, because there
could not be in consequence of the numbers,
it has been affirmed by his vote, when it would
have been reversed if he had not been a mem-
ber on the bench. In principle, therefore, I
think the amendment is right. I am satisfied,
j as far as an experience of some forty or fifty
years can satisfy me upon a question of this
sort, that it is necessaiy in order to elearaway
all doubt about the judgment which the court
above may lender, whether it is the re-alt more
or less of the arts of the advocate resoited to
by the judge whose opinion is in question, or
the cool and dispassionate opinion of the rest
of the bench.
I Mr. HARRIS. The practical inconvenience
\ that would result from the adoption of this rule
| would be, that in some eases it would be im-
1 possible to hold a court. There is a circuit
court now iu the United States where there are
four district judges, two of whom are, as 1 am
informed, scarcely able to perform the duties
of their districts, and there are but two active
judges in the circuit. Now. if you disqualify
one of those judges, you will be unable to get
I a quorum of the judges to hold a court at ail,
i and the result would be, practically, that the
| appeals from these two judgeswho are perform-
ing most ofthe business intlic circuit would go
I unheard: it would be impossible to get along,
i There is no provision in 1 he bill, and there eu.ii-
I not be one made, by which any other court can
be constituted : and inasmuch as you cannot
get a quorum of the judges who are qualified to
sit iu revie.v of the cases tried by these two
judges, who try nearly all the cases in the cir-
cuit, the eases will go unheard. Thai will b"e
the practical effect of the adoption of such an
amendment in certain circuits, and I have in my
mind a circuit in which that will be the imme-
diate practical effect. It will hardly do to insert
such a provision applicable to such a case.
Mr. CLARK. In every case some judge
would be disqualified by sitting in the court
below, and there will always be a judge ex-
cluded.
.Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Sir. WILLIAMS. I know from my own ex-
perience how difficult it is for a judge to review
Lis own decisions and at the same time divest
himself of all feeling or pride of opinion as to
the judgment which he pronounced in the in-
ferior court; and I am inclined to favor the
amendment which has been proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin. When the constitu-
tion of the State of Oregon was formed the
supreme court was made to consist of the cir-
cuit judges of the State, and by a provision in
that constitution the judge who decidcd a case
in the court below was excluded from any par-
ticipation in the decision in the supreme court;
and I believe that the experience under that
constitution so far has been satisfactory, or more
satisfactory than it otherwise would have been.
1 have no doubt in my own mind that the better
system would bo to have a court of appeals en-
tirely distinct, to consist of judges who have
not presided in the inferior courts. But, as
that policy is not proposed in this bill, I think
it desirable to approximate as near as possible
to that policy. I am satisfied that justice re-
quires that the judges who are called upon
to review the decisions of the inferior courts
should not be the identical persons who made
those decisions, because they cannot, in the na-
ture of tilings, bo entirely impartial. • They go
into the investigation with their opinions fixed
and determined, and it is neecssaty that those
opinions should bo overcome by argument,
which it is often very difficult to do.
I do not understand exactly the force of the
objection made by the Senator from Ncw York
that some members of the court may be unable
to attend to their business, and if you disqual-
ify the judge making the decision in the court
below, no court could bo held. It, is supposed
that the persons who are appointed are compe-
tent and qualified to transact the business which
the law devolves upon them. So far as the
experience of my State is concerned, and the
State government has been in operation there
for several years, 110 inconvenience has resulted
from this system; and 1 do not now remember
one term of the supremo court where all the
judges have not been present. 1 presume there
will be no great inconvenience resulting from
the adoption of this amendment such as is an-
ticipated by the Senator from New York.
Upon the Vacifie coast this couit of appeals
I think would consist of four judges. A bill
has been introduced by the Senator from Cali-
fornia which I understand proposes to make
the State of California one judicial district;
but the State of Oregon constitutes one judi-
cial district, and so does Nevada, which would
make the court of appeals to consist of four
judges. I think, so far as that, portion of the
United States is concerned, no difficulty would
r>TOw out ofthe adoption of this amendment.
° The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is mion the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
The'yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS (wfien his name was
! called) said: I scarcely know how to vote.on
this question. We have had no experience
upon it iu my State at all, and I hardly know
how to vote; but in cases of doubt I vote in
the negative. I therefore vote '• nay."
The result was announced—yeas 11, nays
21; as follows:
YEAP — Jit"®-?. Buckalew, Chandler, CrosweU,
Davis, Howard, Howe, Johnsun, Saulybury, ~\\ ade,
Willoy, and William's—11'.
