1866,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283':
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
the constitutional amendment, for I look upon
that as indispensable to the injunction of " guar-
antying to every State in the Union a republi-
can form of government." It is a great mis-
take in those who urge that Congress is bourtd
to admit representatives from the so-called
rebel States without agy conditions whatever,
for if that doctrine were tenable then those
States would be sitting in judgment in their
own case, and it would be idle to think they
would vote for restrictions upon themselves
after their admission. But owing to the pecu-
liar condition in which these States were placed
by the rebellion there can be no doubtthat Con-
gress has a right under the Constitution to de-
mand first a guarantee by adopting the proposed
amendment, and any other construction would,
in my opinion, be detrimental to the preserva-
tion of the Union. But, as I have already said,
I believe Tennessee has placed herself in a
proper position, under the circumstances, to
be entitled to have her representatives ad-
mitted to seats in Congress provided they can
take the required oath. This amendment, so
far as regards its practical effects, is applcai-
ble not only to the States lately in rebellion,
but to all others.,
Considerable has been said in regard to the
preamble to the resolution: this, Mr- Speaker,
I look upon as too trifling for us to divide upon,
and in fact more is embraced than necessary;
that, however, is not material as the resolution
contains the main object, and that is the admis-
sion of representatives.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwell] finds fault with the res-
olution because it does not 'require Tennes-
see to so change her constitution and laws
as to permit universal suffrage. It has been
the uniform construction of the Constitution
of, the United States, of the I7th of Septem-
ber, 1787, from its adoption, to allow each
State to regulate therein the elective franchise,
and that rule has been too firmly settled to be
shaken. The amendment to the Constitution,
however, will not allow a representation for
men disfranchised; thus leaving to each State
the privilege of deciding whether the colored
man shall vote or not, and if not allowed that
right no representation can be had for him, or
in other words no other person can vote in his
place. This may eventually induce at least,
those southern States that have a large popu-
lation of colored people to allow them to vote
in order to increase their representation in
Congress. This, however, is a qnestion entirely
for such States to decide, and not for Congress
to force upon them. But why should we insist
upon the southern States allowing universal
suffrage as a condition-precedent to represen-
tation when our own States have not adopted
that rule? I find that in the State represented
by the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts conditions are imposed. The fourth
article of the third section of the constitution
of that State reads thus :
"Every male person (being twenty-one years and
resident of any particular townin this Commonwealth
for the space of one year next preceding) having a
freehold estate within the same town of the annual
income of throe pounds or an estate of the value of
sixty pounds shall have aright to vote in the choice
of Representatives for the said town."
I find also in the article of amendments,
adopted April 17, 1810, to that constitution,
under item twenty, as follows :
"No person shall have the right to vote or he eligi-
ble to offieo under tho constitution of this Common-
wealth, who shall not be able to read the constitu-
tion in the English language and write his name:
Provided, however, That the provisions of this amend-
ment shull not. apply to any person prevented by
physical disability from complying with its require-
ments nor to any person who now has the right to
vote nor to any person who shall be sixty years of
ago or iimyaril at tho time this amendment shall take
effect."
Hence it will be seen that that gentleman's
State has both a property and an educational
qualification annexed to the voters, and in all
the other States, with tho exception of some
five or six, by their constitutions negro
is excluded. Now, while the States we repfo
sent exclude negro suffrage, we cannot with
much grace insist upon these States doing that
which our own refused to do. I admit that
the appeals of gentlemen in favor of such a
theory are very patriotic, and especially those
of the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] but he must re-
member that the State he has the honor to
represent has not gone the length he asks to
be imposed on the southern States.
It is true, as said by the honorable gentle-
man, that four million slaves have been eman-
cipated; that the stigma of slavery that rested
upon this Republic has been eradicated; and I
might add that the country, by the aid of Prov-
idence, has done much for the colored race;
and it is also true that the black man rendered
good service in the Army in putting down the
rebellion, and well he might, as by the war his
race has become free and he is now being edu-
cated and elevated from degradation, in which
the war at its breaking out found him. Truly
much has been done for that race, and no won-
der they so much revere the name of our much-
lamented President, Abraham Lincoln, who by
the guidance of Him in whom he trusted was
able to bring about that great change in the
social condition of the country. But as Prov-
idence has blessed our arms and brought about
the emancipation of the colored race, we must
not be loo eager for their elevation. Time
alone can bring about what is best. Often by
being over zealous we retard that which weare
too hasty to accomplish.
I am therefore, Mr. Speaker, in favor of the
resolution now under consideration, and will
most cheerfully vote for its adoption and join
in welcoming loyal members from that State,
who stood up in the hour of peril in behalf of
and rendered valuable service for the preser-
vation of our Republic, to a participation in
the affairs of tho nation.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. MARSHALL,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
July 9, 1866,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
in opposition to the tariff bill.
Mr. MARSHALL.- Mr. Chairman, it is
difficult to speak with patience or decorum of
the measure now before the House. In all
ages of the world there has been an effort on
the part of the few by legislative jugglery to
rob the toiling millions and build up a favored
class who could riot in unbounded wealth
wrung from the hard earnings of labor. In
other countries this effort lias been but too
successful. A favored aristocracy are thus
enabled to riot in luxuries that their hands have
not earned, and to domineer wi$ supercilious
arrogance over the meritorious and productive
classes of the community. In our favored land
it was fondly hoped by the founders of our
great Republic that we had escaped forever
from this system of robbery. It cannot be de-
nied, indeed, that at the very foundation of our
Government this system had its advocates, and
that even then there were men whose aristo-
cratic tastes were outraged and whose aristo-
cratic noses turned up with supercilious arro-
gance at the idea of a democratic republic where
labor should be unfettered, where no class
should be specially favored, and where every
man should be required to earn his bread by
the sweat of his own face.
the old federal party.
The great central idea of the old Federal
party (not always avowed, it is true,) was that
a favored class, removed from the degradations
tlnd contaminations of labor, was necessary to
the maintenance of order and to the dignity and
character of every Government. "So manage
your legislation as to make the rich richcr and
keep the poor in subjection" was their secret
but favorite watchword. The less the produ-
cing classes are permitted to retain of the fruits
of their own labor, the more subservient, it was
believed, they would be to the purposes of the
favored few. To consummate these purposes
an emasculation of the States and a centraliza-
tion of power in the Federal Government was
necessary. And to_ effect this the old Federal
party, with unfaltering zeaj, devoted its match-
less talents and untiring energies.
RISE OP THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
This attempt to make Republicanism itself
an instrument of tyranny—to transfer under a
specious disguise the effete institutions of the
Old World to our virgin soils; to oppress and
impoverish the people under the forms of a
free constitution; to. make the great producing
classes of the country but "hewers of wood
and drawers of water" to the legislative jug-
glers and their friends—was for the time de-
feated by the uprising of tho people themselves
under the lead of Jefferson, the great apostle
of Democracy. The Democratic party was
formed and organized, and with truth, justice,
and the Constitution for its armor, and the
protection of the people from legislative rob-
bery for its battle-ery, it went boldly into the
conflict, and with Herculean blows struck down
(as was then hoped forever) the mailed hosts
of disguised monarchy and Federal usurpation.
It is now two thirds of a century sincc Thomas
Jefferson was first elected President of the Uni-
ted States, and by his clear, simple, yet grand
inaugural announced to the world the funda-
mental principles of Democracy, by which that
historic party has ever since been guided :
" Equal and cxact justice to all men and exclusive
privileges to none: the support of the State govern-
ments in all their rights, as the most competent ad-
ministrators of our domestic concerns and the surest
bulwarks against anti-republican tendencies; the
preservation of the General Government in its whole
constitutional vigor, as the sheet-anchor of our peace
at home and safety abroad; ceonomy in the public
expense, that labor may be lightly burdened; the
honest payment of our debts and sacred preservation
of the public faith; encouragement of agriculture
and of eommerco as its handmaid; the diffusion of
information and arraignment of all public abuses at
the bar of public reason; freedom of religion, free-
dom of the press, and freedom of person, under tho
protection of the habeas corpus.' and trials by juries
impartially soleoted."
These, sir, are the historic principles of the .
Democratic party, and these principles faith-
fully carried out in the administration of the
Government would make us a free, prosperous,
happy, and united people. Government should
interfere with the business of the people only
so far as is necessary to protect them in their
legal and constitutional rights, and should take
from them by taxation what is necessary to its
support, economically administered, and not
one dollar more.
When you go beyond that you are guilty of
robbery. When you exempt any species of
capital from taxation, and impose all its legiti-
mate burdens on the residue of tho people you
are not only guilty of robbery to that extent,
but you violate the very spirit and purposes of
our Government. And when you go still fur-
ther, as in this bill, and use the machinery of
Government to take money by millions from
one portion of the people, not for the use of
the national Treasury, but to put it by a kind
of skillful hocus pocus into the coffers of an
already bloated and domineering aristocracy,
you are guilty of a crime that language fails
sufficiently to characterize. Labor, sir, should
be protected in the right to eat the bread earned
with its own hfitidSj and tho burdens of Gov-
ernment should be" imposed rather upon the
accumulated capital of the country than upon
the humble pittance of the toiling millions.
To comprehend the real character and im-
portance of this and kindred measures it is
necessary to take a somewhat wide range of
discussion. This bill and the system of taxa-
