1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, Cragin,
Fessenden,"Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Hon-
driekB, Morgan. Morrill, Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Sher-
man, fcicirart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van WinKle, and
Wii -1.
Aik:ilVt'*-Me5!-r3. Brown, Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
:iu.-xiyood, L.1110 of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
, si-, Ji .'Uu.Nesjiiih, Poland, Pomeroy, Riddle,
.Jr 1 a,'UVi .'hi. and Yates—lb.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill to which I think there will be
no objection. It is in section nino, line fiye,
after the word "justice" to insert the words,
"such clerk shall not bo of kin to such pre-
siding judge within the fourth degree of con-
sanguinity;" so that it will read:
It shall also have a clerk, to be appointed by and
removable at the pleasure of the presiding justice;
sncli elork shall not bo of kin to suen pieyiding judge
within the fourth desree of consanguinity.
I am stating nothing new to gentlemen who
have practiced in the Federal courts and in
'' other courts when 1 pay that the appointment
of near relations of the judge generally has the
effect to cast some sort of suspicion upon the
judge himself, and therefore to impair his in-
fluence. For instance, in the Federal courts,
as we are all aware, it becomes necessary for
the judge to certify the accounts which the clerk
makes out against the Government, and the cer-
tificate of the judge is received as a sufficient
voucher at the Department for the allowance
of the account in most cases. It is, in many
instances, a source of great complaint. I could
individualize some cases of the kind, but I do
not choose to do so at the present time. Cer-
tainly I think the public interest will be con-
sulted by the adoption of this amendment. I
think it will relieve the presiding judges from
an unfair imputation which uucandid suitors
are too iyjt to lay upon them.
Mr. HARMS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
air. HOWARD. It is supposed by some
that the fourth degree is a little too remote. I
will ask, thcrelure, common consent to change
my amendment from the fourth degree to the
third degree.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays having been ordered, the amendment
can only be changed by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection, and it will be so
modified.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me suggest to the
Sonat or from Michigan that if he will strike out
the words "presiding justice," in the fifth line
of the ninth section, and substitute the word
"court," he will perhaps accomjjlish all he
desires. The clause now reads :
It shall also have a clerk, to be appointed by and
removable &t the pleasure of the presiding justice.
The Senator desires to prevent the presiding
justice from appointing a relation as clerk. 1
suggest to him, would it not bo better to strike
out the words " presiding justice" and insert
the word " court,'' so as to let the clerk be
appointed, as he is now, by the court? I in-
tended to olfer that amendment.
Several Senators. The presiding justice is
the court.
, ENDERSON. Senators are mistaken.
This is the court of appeals, not the district
court.
Mr. HOWARD. Ifeelinclined to take away
from the presiding judge altogether the power
of appointing a relative as clerk.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it in order to offer
that to the amendment now pending? [fit is,
I offer it as an amendment to the amendment
of the Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair, such an amendment, would
not be in order to the pending amendment. It
does not apply to it in any way.
Mr. HOWARD. It has no application to
my amendment that, I can perceive.
Mr. "VAN V  INKLE. I should like to ask
the Senator from Michigan whether he thinks
there is ;noro objection to a son than a son-in-
law ; or, in other words, whether a relation by ,
marriage ought not to be excluded as well as
one by blood.
Mr. HOWARD. I should apprehend less
danger in the case of a relation by marriage
than by consanguinity. However, if Senators
think they ought to be included also, the amend-
ment might be amended by adding'' or affinity.''
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall vote against the
proposition, first, because it is a reflection upon
the judiciary, and, secondly, because I can very
well imagine that there are eases in which the
judge would find some relative within the de-
grees designated in the amendment more fit to
discharge the duties of the office than any one
else. I know there have been complaints, ex-
pressions more in way of surprise than anything
else, that the judges of the courts of the Uni-
ted States h3Ve appointed their relatives to these
clerkships; but 1 never heard it intimated in
any instance that the clerk so- appointed did
not turn out to lie a good one. If you are about
to apply that general rule, because it prescribes
a principle, you had better make it uniform,
and you should apply it to the Executive De-
partments. It has been a constant practice
there; the present Secretary of Stale has his
son as his assistant, and a good many of the
Secretaries prefer having their relatives, bccause
the ollices are matters of trust entirely, and
personal trust. You send ministers abroad,
and at the instance of the minister himself, his
son is very often selected as his secretary of
legation.
Mr. SUMNER. That is wrong, I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not supposed to be
wrong by them. They think it is right in its re-
sults. The minister has entire confidence in his
own son. It is wrong if the son is incompetent;
but supposing him to be competent, as the re-
lation is a confidential isolation, is it not better
that he should have his son stand in that situa-
tion ? If those of us here that are chairmen of
committees want clerks, what is there to pre-
vent our appointing our sons or our nephews,
if we desire a clerk in whom we have personal
confidence? It has been done very often, and
no mischief has resulted from it that I have
ever heard of. On the contrary, the chairman
has got on more satisfactorily with that power
than perhaps he would without it. But what
possible bad influence can the fact of their be-
ing related have upon the judge or upon the
clerk? The clerk has no judgment to pro-
nounce. He is a mere ministerial officer. I
do not see that it will affect in any way the
judgment of the judge himself, assuming that
the judge is an honest man. Of course wo have
a right to assume that he is an honest man ;
and if he is an honest man he cannot lie influ-
enced by anything his son might say to him.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 10; as follows:
YI4AS—Messrs.IJuckalew, Chandler, Conness, Fes-
seiulcn, Ilowaul, Ilowe, Sumner, Wade, and Wil-
son—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Crasrin, Creswell,
Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Morpran, Norton, Nyc, R.amsey, Sherman, Stewart,
Irmnhnll Van Winkle. Wiliey, and Williams—19.
ALriliJiT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Foster. Grimes, Kirkwood, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, McDouctall, Morrill, Ncs-
mitli,Poland, Pomeroy, Riddle, Saulsbury.Sprasue,
\\ right, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to
protract this matter any further, but I should
like very much to have the amendment that I
have suggested adopted ; and I move in the
fifth line of the ninth section to strike out the
words "presiding justice" and to insert the
word " clerk ;" so that it will read :
It shall also have a clerk, to "be appointed by and
removable at the pleasure of the court.
The clerk, I think, ought to be an officer
selected by the whole court. He is an officer
of the court. There will be five or six of these
judges, and the presiding judge might sele'cta
man who_ would be very obnoxious, indeed, to
the remainder of the judges, and I can see no
reason for changing the law-as it now is.
Mr. HARRIS. M{0bjeclion to this amend-
ment is this; each district judge now has the
appointment of a clerk to the district court.
The clerks of the present circuit courts are
appointed by the judge of the Supreme Court
assigned to the circuit. The effect of this
amendment will be to legislate out of office
those clerks, of the circuits. There is no rea-
son in the world why the judge oi' the Supreme
Court assigned to a circuit should not continue
that clerk in office as the clerk of this court
that is to be created. This provision of the
bill is giving to each judge of these circuits an
equal amount of patronage. Every district
judge appoints the clerk of his district court.
Now, I am in favor of allowing the judge as-
signed to the circuit from the Supreme Court
to appoint the clerk of the court of appeals.
That will give each judge the appointment of
one clerk, and its effect will be, practically, to
continue in office the clerk of the circuit as
the clerk of the court of appeals. I think it
is a fair and just and equal distribution of pat-
ronage. I.hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the passage of the
bill I should like to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays C; as follows:
Y'EAS — Messrs. Anthony, Iluckalew, Conness,
Cragin, Creswell, Poster, Guthrie, Harris, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Ilowe, Johnson, Morgan, Norton,
Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,Trumbull, Van
"Winkle, Wiliey, Williams, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Fessenden, How-
ard, Nye, and Wnde—0.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Grimos, .Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Lana
of Kansas. McDou^all. Morrill, Ncsmith, Poland,
Pomcrov, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sprague, Wright, and
Yates—19.
So the Hill was passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of
Cornelius B. Gold, late acting paymaster Uni-
ted States Navy, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 4r 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, continuing
the call of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
quincy hill, united states navy.
Mr. DARLING, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, made an adverse report upon
the petition of Qumey Hill, late acting assistant
paymaster of the United States Navy, asking
an appropriation of $313 34, to cover a charge
of that amount in his account with the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
cornelius b. gold, united states navy.
Mr. DARLING, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Cornelius B. Gold, late acting assistant pay-
master of the United States Navy; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the proper
accounting officers of the Government, in the
settlement ofthe accounts of Cornelius B. Gold,
late acting assistant paymaster of the United
States Navy, to allow a credit of $510 03 for
clothing abstracted from a store-room under
charge of said Gold while on duty in Mobile •
bay, in the spring and summer of 1865.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and react a third time.
Mr. ROSS. I think this bill should be
referred to-the Committee of Claims.
