2724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
tax on cotton.
Mr. DODGE presented memorials from the
Chamber of Commerce of New York, in rela-
tion to the proposed tax of five cents per pound
on cotton ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
TAX ON STATE-BANK CURRENCY.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be authorized and directed to inquire into the
expediency of exempting the currency of State banks
outstanding on the Istday of July next from thetax of
ten per cent, now provided by law until the 1st day
of July, 1867, or until some day previous thereto.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The call of States and Territories having
been concluded,
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order during the morning hour was the con-
sideration of resolutions which have laid over
under the rule, debate having arisen thereon.
insurgent states.
The_ first business under this rule was the
following preamble and resolution introduced
by Mr. McClurg on the 5th of February last:
Whereas it is clearly manifest that the continued
contumacy in the seceding States renders it necessary
to exercise congressional legislation in order to give
to the loyal citizens of those States protection in their
natural and personal rights enumerated in the Con-
stitution of the United States, andin addition thereto
makes it necessary to keep on foot a large standing
army to maintain the authority of the national Gov-
ernment and to keep the peace; and whereas the
country is already overburdened by a war debt
incurred defend the nationality against an infa-
mous rebellion, and it is neither just nor politic to
inflict this vast additional expense on the peaceful
industry of the nation: Therefore,
Memhed, That it be referred to the joint committee
of the Senate and House to inquire into the expe-
diency of levying contributions on thesecedingStates
to defray the extraordinary expenses that would
otherwise be imposed on the General Government;
and that said committee be instructed to report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. McCLURG. I call the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. McClurg]
amend his resolution by inserting after the
word "protection" the words " and represen-
tation ?''
Mr. HOGAN. Oh, no.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Oh, yes.
Mr. BRxlNDEGEE. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Missouri that this reso-
lution does not specify the committee to which
he proposes to refer this subject. It merely
says "that it be referred to the joint committee
of the Senate and House."
Mr. McCLURG. I will modify the reso-
lution so that it shall read " the joint commit-
tee of fifteen."
Mr. NIBLACK moved to lay the preamble
and resolution on the table.
Mr. LE BLOND called the yeas and nays.
The .yeas and nays were not ordered.
The" motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to move the reference of this resolution
to the Committee on the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
called; it that call is not seconded, that mo-
tion will be in order.
Upon seconding the call for the previous
question, there were, upon a division—ayes 40,
noes 24; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. McClukg
and Niblacic appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 08, noes 25.
So tl^p previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 25, not voting
85; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison-Ames, Anderson, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Beaman, Bidwell, Boutwell, Brande-
geo, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Culloin, Dawes,
Defrees, Doming, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley,
Eliot, Abner C. Harding, Henderson, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper, Asahel W". Hubbard, Do mas Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketch-
am, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, McKee, Mercur, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, John H. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck Scofield, Sloan, Spalding,
Stevens, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Ward,
Henry D.Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Williams, James P. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Chanler, Davis, Dawson,
Denison, Eldridge, Gllossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James M. Humphrey, Kerr, Laflin, Le Blond, Mars-
ton, MeCullough, MeRuer, Myers, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross,
Sitgrcaves, Taber, Taylor, Thayer,Whaley.Winfield,
and Wright—25.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bergen,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall,
Bnckland, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth, Conkling,
Culver, Darling, Delano. Dixon, Dodge, Eggleston,
Farnsworth, Farqnhar, Ferry, Finek, Garfield, Grin-
nell, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Hill. Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, James 11. Hubbell, James
Humphrey, Ingcrsoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Kuykendall, Latham, Marshall, Marvin,
Mclndoe, Miller, Newell, Noell, Orth, Pomeroy,
Radford, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander
II. Rice, Rousseau, Shankhn, Shellabarger. Smith,
Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T.Vanllorn,Warner,ElihuB.Washburne, and Went-
worth—So.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The preamble of the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. McCLURG moved to reconsider the
votes by which the preamble and resolution
were agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ptj.msiimext of rebels.
The next resolution lying over under the
rule was the following, submitted by Mr. Hen-
derson' on the 19th of February last:
Unsolved, That it is the sense of this House that all
just and righteous Governments are intended, not to
confer rightsand privileges upon the^subjects thereof,
but to secure to each and every individual the full,
free, and untrammeled exercise and enjoyment of
all those rights which God has bestowed upon him.
liesolved, That the safety, prosperity, and happi-
ness of the people require that just and adequate pen-
alties be annexed to the violation of law, and that
those penalties be inflicted upon transgressors, not
fur the purpose of retaliation or revenge, but to
insure subordination and obedience.
Iteiolvedfarther, That we will stand by and sustain
the President in executing the laws of the United
States upon a sufficient number of leading rebels in
each of the States lateV in insurrection against the
national Government to vindicate the majesty of the
law, to sustain the confidence of loyal people, and
warn the refractory for all timo to come.
Mr. HENDERSON.. I do not deem it
necessary to occupy any time in the discus-
sion of these resolutions. I believe that the
sentiments embodied in them are correct, and
ought to be sustained. With the view of dis-
posing of the matter as speedily as possible, I
call the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Oregon whether he had not better
modify his resolution so as to include northern
rebels, and let them all be tried, "without dis-
tinction of race or color."
Mr. HENDERSON. I insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would suggest that it
would be proper to indicate about how many
of these loading rebels ought to be executed.
The language of the resolution is very indefi-
nite. While we arc instructing the President,
I think we ought to state about the number
that we want executed, and we ought also to
name them.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has been seconded, and debate is not in order.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the resoluticns were
adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON moved to reconsider th?
vote by which the resolutions were adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
qualification of electors.
The next resolution lying over under the
rule was the following, submitted by Mr. De-
frees on the 26th of February last:
Resolved, That it is the opinion of this House that
Congress has no constitutional right to fix the qual-
ification of electors in the several States.
Mr. DEFREES. I call for the previous
question.
_ On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 32, noes 55; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers: and appointed Messrs. Defrees and
Jexckes. •
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 30, noes 06.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, if the
motion to lay on the table should not prevail,
will it be in order to move to refer the resolu-
tion to the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I hope, then, that the
motion to lay on the table will not prevail.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope that the resolu-
tion will not be referred, for that will be to
bury it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 12, nays 97, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Boutwell, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Eliot, Garfield, Jenckes, Julian, longyear,
Lynch, Stevens, and Williams—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Bidwell, lirandegee, Chanler, Cobb, Cook, Cul-
lom, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Deming, Denison,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron Hard-
ing, Abner C. Harding, Henderson, Higby, Hogan,
Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Dcmas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, HulburdvJames M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kel-
ley, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Loan, Marvin, McClurg, MeCullough, MeRuer,
Mercur, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Niblack, Nichol-
son, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Plants, Price,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,
Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Sit-
greaves, Sloan, Spalding, Stilwell, Tuber, Taylor,
Thayer. Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley. James
F, Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield,
and Wright—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Banks,
Barker, Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham, Blaine. Blow,
Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall,Buckland, Sidney Clarke,
Coffroth, Conkling, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Delano,
Dixon,Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston, Farquhar, Ferry,
Finck, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hayes. Hill,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, James R. Hubbell, James llum-
M'lrcy, Johnson. Jones. Kasson, Latham, Marshall,
arston, Mclndoe, McKee, Miller, Morrill, Moulton,
Newell, Noell, Orth, Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, William II. Randall, Raymond, Rousseau,
Schenck, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Smith, Starr,
Strouse, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburnc, Wcnt-
worth, and Woodbridge—74.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
_ Mr. BRANDEGEE. This is a judicial ques-
tion, and one of great importance. I there-
fore move it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and on that I demand the pre-
vious question.
_ Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is a
simple constitutional quest ion.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to amend the
motion by adding that it be referred with
instructions to report favorably and at any time.
The SPEAKER. It would require uuan-
