1366,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
39th Cong....1st Suss.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
As the law now stands, the manufacturers,
ironmongers, bankers, and bond-holders are
rapidly drawing to themselves the entire wealth
of the nation. The existing tariff can be de-
fended on no ground .except that by which the
highwayman claims the right to strip and plun-
der the defenseless traveler. Although yield-
ing for the last year a large revenue, it is in no
proper sense a tariff for revenue. The main,
idea running through it is "protection'' of the
manufacturer, or, as I more prop.erly call it,
'"robbery of the people." The people, be it
remarked, do not object to any fair and equal
system of taxation to support their Govern-
ment and maintain its good faith and credit.
But they are eyery day becoming more en-
lightened on the subject of this legislative jug-
glery ; and when they do fully comprehend that
they are being impoverished to build up a heart-
less, soulless, domineering oligarchy-, they will
rise up in a body and demand that this robbery
shall cea.se. Indeed, sir, if the people could
fully understand and comprehend the fact that
this measure will, on the day it passes, add
$200,000,000 to the wealth of the jpanufactur-
ers and the holders of the immense stocks of
goods that have been recently imported, tvnd
that this immense sum with the accumulated
per cent, and interest added thereto must be
raised by the bitter toil and sweat and agony
of an already oppressed people, they would
rise in their might and majesty and drive the
authors and advocates of this scheme from
these Halls in disgrace and confusion, as Christ
drove the money-changers from the temple they
were desecrating.
A REDUCTION OP EXISTING DUTIES DEMANDED.
That a radical modification of the existing
tariff is imperatively demanded is .undeniable.
It violates every sound .principle of political
economy, and is a disgrace to the civilization
of the age. A tariff of any kind inevitably
increases the prices to the consumer. It can
only bo justified where it is necessary to raise
revenue for the Government. But tariff's for
revenue, and tariffs simply for "protection,"
as it is falsely called, are the natural antagonists
and enemies of each other. When you very
greatly increase the price of an article you
necessarily reduce the consumption thereof. A
very able writer on political economy, (Perry,)
in his recent work, forcibly illustrates this point.
He says:
"It follows, that tho principles on which a revenue
taiiif should be framed are very different from those
that should rule in protective tariffs. If the object
be revenue, the duties should be low, so as not to
discourage importation, or very sensibly increase
prices. Low duties on all imports, except hifrh-priced
foreign luxuries, which are used only by the rich,
and which may be taxed heavily without discoura-
ging importation, will infallibly yield thelargest ag-
gresate revenue. The reason for this is, that society
is like a pyramid standing on its broadest base; each
horizontal section of it is more extended than the
one above it. So in society. The number of those
able to purchase an article at five dollars is more
than twice as numerous as those able to purchase it
at ten; and tho:-e who are able to buy it at onedollar
are probablv more than teu times as many as those
who would buy it at five dollars." * * o *
"A lower duty, therefore, on any article is likely to
brinfr it within tho reach of a much wider circle of
consumers; and for many to pay a low duty is better
for the revenue than for a few to pay a high duty."
The same able writer shows very clearly the
principles upon which the tariff now in force
was framed, and the means by which its pas-
sage was secured. He says:
"The protectionists in Congress seized upon the
opportunity of the withdrawment of the southern
members for discriminating in favor of the articles
in which they were interested, even to the extent ot
diminishing the revenue by practically prohibiting
the importation. They did another thin? which im-
posed at the time on many people, and which can
hardly be characterized in too severe terms. At the
moment when the great need of the Government was
revenue, they added largely to the free list, taking
earo to put upon it many articles which are used m
manufactures and which thus escape taxation alto-
gether. They put the duty upon protected articles
«o hi"h that little or no revenue is received from
them, and at the same time withdrew by means of
the free list all revenue from many articles especially
used in protected manufactures. The new tan It.
therefore, has not produced tho revenue expected
from it. It is not honestly adjusted for that purpose.
To put articles on a tree list is no boon to free trade;
especially when it is accompanied, as in this ease, by
very high duties. The present duties are very much
too high, and many things are exempted from duty
which ought to pay duty for tho sake of revenue.
The present tariff, therefore, rests on false principles
throughout, and it cannot bo permanent. They who
feel themselves benefited by it mav as well make up
their minds to dispense with it. The western States
will not tolerate it. Political economy denounce it.
To relax commercial systems and not to restrict them
is alonoin accordance with tho spirit of the age. The
state of the country demands its abolition."—J'Jle-
vie}Us of Political Economy, page 430.
Notwithstanding this spirited denunciation
and demand for the repeal of this bill of abomi-
nations by the ablest living writer on political
economy in our country, these favored classes
come here and demand more "protection," and
the result is the bill now before the committee,
increasing the duties in many cases over one
hundred per cent., and in almost innumerable
instances making them absolutely prohibitory.
THE PROPOSED TARIFF.
I will not at this time attempt a thorough
analysis of this bill or of its numberless enor-
mities. It starts out with a fraud upon its very
face. It professes to be a bill to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, ana for other
purposes. The " other purposes" unrevealed
are the real purposes of the bill. That it will
very greatly increase tho burdens of the people
is beyond all question ; and that it will reduce
the revenue derived from customs at least
$50,000,000 will scarcely be seriously denied.
A large number of articles used by manufac-
turers, frqjn which revenue is now derived, are
placed on the free list, while upon many impor-
tant articles, largely consumed by the people,
the duties are so greatly increased as absolutely
to prohibit importation, thus enabling onr
favored manufacturers to charge just what
tliey please for their fabrics. From these two
classes—the free-list arfcjples and the prohibited
articles—no revenue whatever will be derived
by the Government. On many other articles
the importations and the revenue will be very
greatly reduced by the increased duties. It is
therefore a double robbery; a robbery of the
people and a robbery of the Government at the
same time. And this, too, when the people are
already greatly oppressed and the Government
is compelled to raise a large sum in gold to
meet the accruing interest on our public debt,
there being no other source from which this
fund can be derived.
In this connection I will submit the exposi-
tion made by the importers of hardware and
cutlery of New York of the effect of the bill
on a single class of articles;
"The enormous rates of duty proposed to be levied
upon hardware and cutlery indicate a regard for
special interests to the entire sacrifice of revenue and
great injury of consumers. It might have been ex-
pected that the protection of a war tariff of 50 per
cent, on pocket cutlery, and 35 per cent, on table cut-
lery, and on files 30 per cent ad valorem, and 6 cents
per pound on some, and 10 cents per pound on others,
avciaging 06 percent, on files, &c., on which many
domestic manufacturers have become wealthy, would
have satisfied them, and that the country might now
be allowed the receipt of revenue Irom those which
are imported, when it is remembered that, in addi-
tion to the import duties, the domestic manufacturer
enjoys protection to the extentof10 to 30 per centan
the cost of freights, packages, commissions, &c.
"But it is now proposed, by taxing all pocket cut-
lery costing under five dollars with a specific dutyot
75 cents per dozen and costing five dollais per dozen,
and above with two dollars per dozen in addition to
50 per cent, ad valorem, to tax every child's knife cost-
ing 6d. sterling per dozen, (custom-house value 12
eonts,)with both ratesof tax81 cents,which lsbioper
cent. On every boy's knife which costs Is. Ad. or 30
cents per dozen, the two duties will amount to 90
cents, equal to 300 per cent., and on even %'mer s
knife costing Zs. or T2 cents, the tanft will bo £1 11 or
154 per cent.; while the duty on all pocket knives
costing (custom-house value) <2 cents to bo will
average 72 per cent. . .
"In table cutlery a considerable quantity is im-
ported, which costs 6*. per gross or §144: the specilic
duty as the clause passed the House is 11, cents per
dozen or 81 44 per gro??, with the 15 per cont. ad valo-
rem, is $2 09, equal to 145 percent. T.hc table cutlery,
extensively used through the country, costing lb.s., or
$3 86 per gross; the specific and ad oalortm duty is
$3 18 or 82 per cent. Ivory table knives, costing 0*.
per dozen or$l 44 arc to bear aspeciiicduty oj SI per
dozen and ad valorem 45 per cent., together $1 (w or
115 per cent., and a 10«. table-knife, custojna-house
value $2 42, with both rates bears a duty of $2 09,
equal to 86 per cent.
An English twelve-inch fiat bastard file, used by
nearly every mechanic, (custojjn-house value $2 20,)
with the proposed heavy specific of $2 perdozen„is
taxed 91 per cent., while mill and taper files, used
by every farmer, are propose^ to bis taxed in tho
same proportion. German files, being of less cost, are
taxed on tl\c average 141 per cent.
"The proposed duty on German wrought nails
varies from 141 to 155 percent.; halter and dog chains,
81 per ccnt.; coil chain, 110 to 1S5 per cent.: trace
chains, 134 to 154 per ccnt.; hooks and hinges, 183 per
cent.; on curry-combs and padlocks, with spccific2o
cents and ad valorem 45 per cent.; oil cheaper kinds,
costing from 18 to 45 cents .per dozen, of which great
quantities are used, the tariff is proposed to be 93 to
184 percent.
"On the article of saws, used by every farmer, the
specific and ad valorem duties yrill average 77 to 163
per cent.
"All these goods come into general use by the
bulk of the community, especially among the poorer
classcs, many of whom have not the means to pay
high prices; thus revenue will be sacrificed and the
population generally injured."
When even the school-boys of the land have
not escaped the vigilance of these extortioners,
and are taxed from ninety to six hundred and
seventy-five per cent, on their pocket-knives it
is liigli time that grown up men and women
shall look into this bill and see how much they
are required to contribute to keep up this soul-
less aristocracy. Under the tariff' as it now
stands, look for a moment at the enormous
profits of the manufacturers, as shown by the
facts which they themselves have given to the
country :
" The Androscoggin mills, witha capital of one mil-
lion, declared last January a dividend of twenty-five
percent., andon tho first of the present month another
of twenty per cent., that is they have cleared nearly
half a million dollars in the last twelvemonths. Tho
Lancaster mills divided ih January twenty per cent.,
and on the 1st of July twenty-five per cent. Tho
Langdon mills divided twenty-five per cent, in Jan-
uary, and another twenty-fivfe per ccnt. the present
month. The Bates mills divided twenty-five per
cent, in January and ten per eont. in July. The
Chicopec mills thirty percent, in January and fifteen
in July. The Hill mill ten per cent, in January and
twenty in J uly. The Appleton mills twenty per cent,
in January and ton in July."
And so on with other companies; and in
addition to these enormous dividends we are
informed that many of the companies have
greatly enlarged their works, or otherwise
greatly enhanced the value of their property
and the capital invested. The manufacturing
companies were never more prosperous. Their
actual earnings average from forty to one hun-
dred and twenty per cent. Some companies,
the screw companies for example, divide three
and four hundred per cent, -'per annum. If
these profits were the legitimate results of in-
dustry and enterprise no one could complain,
and, indeed, all should be gratified. But when
it is the result of unjust legislation, by which
the masses may be robbed to enrich these men,
no language can sufficiently characterize the
outrage.
Under the existing tariff the railroad system
of the United States, in which the farmers are
so vitally interested, is almost paralyzed, and the
building of new lines of road is rendered almost
an impossibility. Indeed, the present duty on
railroad iron (all of which be it remembered
must be paid in gold) almost amounts to a pro-
hibition. A ton of rails which costs in Wales
£6 10s. or $32 50, will cost at New York, in our
currency, at least S83 52. To illustrate :
One ton at £610s. makes, at |5 per £ $32 50
Freight, insurance, interest, &c  '
Present duty  15 °°
Total, in gold 855 ®8
which, at fifty per cent., premium, makes $83 52
in our currency. And now, by the bill before
us, as reported, it is proposed to add an addi-
tional duty of about seven dollars per ton.
Prom an able article in the Evening Post on
this subject I extract the following:
"Already in anticipation of this duty so™e iron-
masters have advanced the price to $>S7 50. Wh at the
price will be we may well ask when the additional
duty of about per ton in gold becomes fixed. As
an evidence uf how little the railroad iron interest
needs protection we quote from astatement published,
by the American Iron and Steel Association: Ihe
