1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2725
imous consent to move instructions to report
"at any time."
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I will leave those
last words off.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should not be seconded the motion to am€nd
will be in order.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will not the gentleman
accept my amendment?
Mr. BHANDEGEE. No, sir; we want to
get at the bounty bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. '
The question being taken on the motion to
refer the resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 86, nays 30, not voting G7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R.Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Boutwell, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Bundy, Reader AV. Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Griswold,
Hale, Abncr C. Hardin?, Henderson, Holmes, Hooper,
Asahel W.Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, JohnHvHub-
bard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes. Julian, Ivclley,
Kelso, Kctcham, Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Mc-
Kee, Mercur, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, O'Neill,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Price, "William H, Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, John II. ltice, Rollins, Saw-
yer, Schcnck, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
"Windom, and Woodbridge—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Dawson, Defrees,Denison,
Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron
Harding^ Ilogan, Edwin N. Hubbell. James M. Hura-
Shrey, Kerr, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, Le
lond, McCullough, Xibla-ck, Nicholson, Samuel J.
Randall, Hitter, Rogers, Ross, Sitgreaves. Stilwell,
Taber, Taylor, llcnry D. Washburn, Winfield, and
Wright—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barker, Benjamin,
Bergen, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Broomall,
Buckland, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth, Conk-
lmg, Culver, Darling, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Eggles-
ton,Farquhar, Ferry, Finck, Grinnell, Harris, Hart,
Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
James It. Hubbell, James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Latham, Marshall, Mclndoe, McRuer. Mil-
ler, Morrill, Moulton, Newell, Noell, Orth, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Pomcroy, Radford, Raymond. Rous-
seau, Sliankiin, Shollabnrgor, Smith, Starr, Sfrouse,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B.Washburne,
Wentworth, and Whaley—67.
So the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fro-m the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 328) for the
relief of Mrs. Abigail Ryan, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed House bill
No. oTl.tograntapension to Leonard St. Clair.
Also, that the Senate had passed joint reso-
lution of the House No. 77, for the relief of
Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cornish for
carrying the United States mail from Boise
City to Idaho City, in the Territory of Idaho,
and of Daniel Wellington and J. C. Dorscy, for
extra services in the carrying of the mail, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resohedby the House of Representative#, (the Senate
concurring,) That a committee consisting of two
Senators and three members of the House of Repre-
sentatives be appointed to investigate the action of
the Frcedmen's Bureau and of its officers in the States
where the bureau has been in operation, with power
to send for persons and papers and examine wit-
nesses under oath; and that said committee make per-
sonal examination and report the facts to Congress;
and said committee is authorized to employ a stenog-
rapher and clerk. The Sergcant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate or House, or cither of their deputies, is directed to
accompany the committee, and the committee shall
have powor to report at any time. All the expense®
.necessarily incurred by said committee, shall be paid
out of the contingent funds of the Senate and House
in equal proportions.
Mr. ROSS. I think we had better leave that
to General Grant and General Sherman. The
country would have no confidence in any re-
port made to Congress by a committee. I object
to its consideration.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of offering the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, it was decidcd in the affirm-
ative—yeas 92, nays 30, not voting 61 j as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Diunont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hen-
derson, Higby, Holme?, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W.Hubbard, Chester D. Ilubbard, Demas Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Julian, Kellcy, Kelso, Ivetcham, Lallin, William
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Mc-
Clurg, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Mor-
ris, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Price, William II. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
eld, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Ward, William- B. Washburn, Welker,
Williams, James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—02/
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Chanler, Dawson, Defrees,
Denison. Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
Aaron Harding, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, James
M. Humphrey, Kerr, Kuykendall, George V. Law-
rence, LeBlond, Niblack, Nicholson, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Taber, Taylor, Henry D.
Washburn, Whaley, Winfield, and Wright—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barker, Benjamin,
Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boyer,
Broomall. Buckland, Coffroth, Conkling, Culver,
Darling, Delano, Dixon, Eggleston, Farquhar, Ferry,
Finck, Grinnell, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Hill, James R.
Hubbell, JamesIIumphrcy, Johnson, Jones Kasson,
Latham, Marshall, Marston, McCullough, Mclndoe,
Mclvee, Miller, Moulton, Newell, Noell, Orth, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Rouleau. Sliankiin, Shollabarger, Smith, Starr,
Strouse, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aernam, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Went-
worth, and Woodbridge—61.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the resolution, and call for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Le Blond
and Eliot were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 27, not voting
72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Brandegee, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom,
Dawes, Demin?, Dodge, Donnelly, Drisrgs, Dumont,
Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield. Griswold, Abncr
C. Hardinsr, Henderson, Hieby, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Jolinll.Hubbard. Ingersoll, Jenckes, Ju-
lian, Ivelley, Ketcham, Lafiin. William Lawrcnoe,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg,
Mcltucr. Mercur. Moorhead, Morrill, Moriis,Myers
O'NcilijPaiuc, Patterson, Perham, Pike,Plants,Price,
William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John II.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenek, Scofield. Spalding,
Stevens. Thaver. Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge. Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward. William
B. Washburn, Welker, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—S4.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Chanler, Dawson, Deni-
son, Eldridge, Glossbrenner. Goodyear, Grider, Aaron
Harding, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell. Jjfmo? M. Hum-
phrey, Kerr, Kuykendall, LeBlond, McCullough,
Niblack, Nicholson, Samuel J. Randall. Ritter. Ro-
gors, 11oss, Sitgreaves, Taber, Taylor, Winfield, and
W risht—-7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barker, Benja-
min, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Coffroth,
Conklinc, Culver, Darling, Davis, Defrees, Delano,
Dixon, Egdeston, Farquhar. Ferry, Finrk, Grinnell,
Hale, Harri?. llart, Hayes, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Ohc>ter D. Ilubbard, Demas Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell. Hulburd, James Humphrey. Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Kelso, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Mar-
shall, Mclndoe, McKee, Miller, Moulton, Newell,
Noell, Orth, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D.Washburn, Wentworth,Whaley, and
James F. Wilson—72.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
medals for ohio soldiers. '
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table a joint resolution which has been passed
by the Senate authorizing the military author-
ities of the State of Ohio to frank some medals
which are given to the veteran soldiers of that
State. It is joint resolution of the Senate No.
97, to authorize certain medals to be distributed
to veteran soldiers free of postage. 1 ask that
it be put upon its passage if there is no objec-
tion. It is needed very much at this time. The
medals are ready for distribution.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time. It was then ordered to a third read-
ing ; and it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed $
and also moved that the motion to xeconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sioux indians.
Mr. STEVENS asked unanimous consentto
offer the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas it has been alleged that the Sioux Indians
of Minnesota who were engaged in the massacre in
that State in 1862 have been removed therefrom and
a location for their permanent residence selected in
oneof the organized and settled counties of Nebraska
contiguous to the white settlements ot Dakota, and
but a &hort distance above the capital of that Terri-
tory: and whereas most if not all of the lands suit-
able for cultivation in the neighborhood of said con-
templated location is said to have been purchased
from the Government and is now held by private
individuals: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform this House whether any arrange-
ment has been made or is contemplated for the pur-
chase of private lands or other property for the accom-
modation of said Indians, and if so, the quantity of
larftls and improvements so purchased or to be pur-
chased, and the names of the parties from whom said
purchase has been or is to be made, and the amount
which has been oris to be paid for said purchase; and
also the total number of acres of land held by indi-
viduals, whether in a piivate or corporate capacity,
embraced within the exterior boundaries of said res-
ervation, and by what authoiity said Indians have
been removed and located, and the said purchases,
if any, have been or arc to be made.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not object particularly
to the resolution, but I think it 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman objects
to the resolution, it is not before the House; if
he does not object, it is before the House.
Mr. ALLISOX. Will the gentleman consent
to the reference of this resolution?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot consent to the
reference. It is merely a call for information.
Mr. ALLISON. I will make no objection.
The resolution was then agreed to.
coinage, weights, and measures.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, upon
which he called the previous question.:
Resolved, That throe hundred extra copies of the
report on a unitorm system of coinage, weights, and
measures be printed with covers for the use of tho
committee makinsr the report, and two thousand
copies for the use of the House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-,
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] yield to me to offer
a resolution?
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield to hear it read.
