1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DARLING. I ask that the report
accompanying the bill be read.
The report was read.
Mr. ROSS. I hope the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Darling] will allow this bill to b&
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DARLING. I do not see any propriety
at all in such a reference. The claim was rec-
ommended by the proper authorities of_ the
Navy Department, and it has been examined
and approved by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. This case is one which cannot be reached
in any other way than by action of Congress.
These officers of the Navy arc very peculiarly
situated, and they are entirely subject to the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury in the settle-
ment of their accounts. The money and prop-
erty placed in their keeping are charged to them,
and they must account for them either by prop-
erty returned or by means of proper vouchers.
This property is subject to all the contingencies
of war.
This officer had charge of a number of ves-
sels, neither of which had the capacity to con-
tain the goods placed inhis^charge, and he was
obliged to put them in a building on shore,
■where they were kept under lock and key. In
the discharge of his duty the officer was obliged
to leave the shore and go upon the several ves-
sels there, and while absent these goods were
abstracted.
This case having commended itself to the
favor of the Department, and having been con-
sidered by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
who recommend it to (he favorable action of
Congress, I think this bill should pass. 1 call
the previous question on this bill.
Mr. WASIIBUUNE. of Illinois. AVill the
gentleman from New York withdraw the call
for the previous question for a moment?
- Mr. DARLING. Certainly.
Mr. Vv ASIU3URNH, of Illinois. The amount
involved in this case is not very large. _ But
we are establishing a principle which will in-
volve. if carried out, the appropriation of a
very large amount. 1 think with nw colleague,
[Mr. Loss,] that this is a bill which should be
examined bv the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DARLING. 1 am very willing to admit,
that there should be a general law authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy, or the proper officer
of the Government, to act on all these cases.
But there is no such law now, and before
one can be pushed some oi these men maN die
and their accounts pass unsettled to tlieu
estates.
Mr?\YASI]DUIlNE; of Illinois. F should
bo very unwilling to have a ftonyral law passed
to cover all (hone cluims, for it would he an
invitation to carelessness on the. part of (hose
paymaster?.
Now, in the first plaee. tlu>re has not lK*n
sal^fae.tory evidence to mo of Hi*1 lo-^s of thi.s
clothing, and in the second p ace, if such loss
has been completely established, it is a ques-
tion how far this officer should be relieved
from this charge.
I hope the gentleman from New lork [Mr.
Dam.txg | will allow me to offer an amend-
ment to this bill before he calls the previous
question. With his permission I will move to
amend the bill by adding the following:
Vromrb'L That no credit shall bp allowed until the
proper officer ol" the Government shall be sati-tied oi
the alleged Io,a of the clothing heroin rcicrrcd to.
Mr. DARLING, i have no objection to that
amendment, for the evidence is full upon that
P°Mr TAYLOR. I would like to ask my
colleague [Mr. Dari.txc] if the report of the
board of examiners who inquired into the
circumstances of the loss of this clothing is
among the papers in this ease.
Mr DAKUNG. Yes, sir; a board of sur-
vey was ordered, and their report is on hie
with the other papers. .
Mr. TAY'LOR. Do thev exonerate this
officer from blame? . i a
Mr. DARLING. \es, sir, expressly; and
the Department exonerates him.
Mr. TAYLOR. Such a report as that is
generally deemed a sufficient voucher by the
Department.
Mr. D ARLIN G. All the testimony is there.
The report of the committee simply sets forth
the evidence presented to them. And the
report of the committee has just been read.
Mr. TAY'LOR. Would it be out of order
to ask that the report of the board of examin-
ers be read?
The SEEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
desires tlrnt the report of the board of examin-
ers shall bo read
Mr. 1) ARLIN Gc. I have no objection to that.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Twill mod-
ify my amendment ho as ro read as follows:
Provided, That no omUt shall be allowed until the
proper oiheers of the Government shall bo satished
by full jukI complete proof of the loss oi thd clotumg
herein lolerrcd to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
cncjrossodj it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved' that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RUAU AUMIliAT, PAULDING.
Mr. PITlibl'S reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs a bill for the relief of Hiram
Rankling, rear admiral of the United States
Navy ; vliieh was read a first and second tune.
The bill, which was read iiu'xlai.io. provides
that, the proper accounting officers ol tlx- I reas-
ury be directed to audit, the accounts of Hiram
Paulding, while a captain in the United Stales
Navy, covering his expenditures in the enter-
tainment of the 1 oreign officers and people w ho
\ii-iled the frigate St. Lawrence, under his com-
mand at Southampton, not exceeding the sum
of !!•-!. and also his expenditures in cti-
te'-taining the officers of the Go\eminent of
jji-einerliaven and Stockholm, in the, years
18f',>, and 1850, not exceeding the sum
of i\2,(.M). ' , ,
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. ROSS. This ssme bill was up yester-
day, and it was <kended to lie an appropriation
bill.
The SPFA1CKR. This bill is different from
ihat which was befoi-c the House 3 e- tei day.
This simply directs the proper accounting offi-
cers to audit tiio accounts. It makes no ap-
propriation. _
Mr. liOSS. If credit is "given this officer
upon his accounts, if is the same practically as
an appropriation of money. _ _
The KPKAKFR. An appropriation bill is
one which bv its own force appropriates money
out. of the Treasury. This dons not.
Mr. 110SS. i think that this bill had better
n-o to the Committee of Claims. All questions
of this sort should lie examined by that com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mar,land (Mr. Pnr.r.ps) yield lin-a motion to
■ refi.i- the bill to the Committee of Claims?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir. This claim has
been before Congress three several times. Jt
has been favorably reported by three different
Naval Comtnif.tees of the Senate, has been twice
passed bv that bodv. and has once been re-
i ported fiuoraljlv by the Committee on foreign
' Affairs of this Rouse. The claim is just, and
j should have been paid long since. Captain
I Pauldintr was sent upon tins qna'U diplomatic
j mission during the revolution in tin1 north of
: Germany in 1S48, and during the course of ms
cruise in those waters was visited bv repre--ciii-
, atives of many foreign Powers, lie v.as vis-
; ited by the common council of the munici-
; pality of Southampton: he was visited by rep-
! rescntatives of Cremerlmven and Stockholm,
I all of whom he of cagtrse. in the discharge of
1 his duty as ail officer!? this Government, was
bound to receive and to entertain. It was not
an ordinary cruise; it was a special diplomatic
mission, undertaken' in pursuance of instruc-
tions from the Secretary of the Navy, giving-
Captain Paulding a latitude of discretion m
reference to such matters. This claim - has
been acted upon favorably so often that it seems . .
to mo it woiud bo an outrage upon this pffieer
to refer this bill to the Committee of Claims or
delay its passage in any manner.
Mr. SPALDING. I am not-well informed
on this subject; but I really desire to know
whether it has been the practice for our com-
manders of naval vessels to make entertain-
ments abroad on board their ships and then
appeal to Congress afterward to pay the ex-
pense. If that, is the practice, I suppose we
must follow it on this occasion. _ But, sir, I do
not like the precedent; and if it be a prece-
dent which we are about to establish, I cannot
give it my sanction. I know very well that
these officers fill places of high trust, and ought
to be well paid so that they can incur occasion-
ally these extra expenses. But I do not know
that Congress should be called upon to pay tor
every dinner the captain of a war ship chooses
to give to the nobility in every port of Europe.
Ilence, unless the gentlemen who now compose
the Committee on Naval A (fairs can satisfy ni£
we arc following a legitimate practice of Con-
gress, I must be constrained to vote against
this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the prece-
dents avo compiled in the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of (lie Senate submit-
j ted by Mr. fish in the Thirty-fourth Congress.
! Those are the precedents: naval appropriation
j act, of February ".20, WSfl, section five, allowance
| to Master Commandant John D. Sloat, SI .Sti'O;
; civil and diplomatic appi-opr'atioii aelolMaceh
i *2, allowance to Captain Dankl I urin'r
! of tH.lH'J 78, and to Captain George W. Slo-
j rcT, S >00; act of July T, Uifiti, for the iclief of
Captain Daniel T. 'Patterson, allowing him
and act of June 17, tS-5 f, for the relief
of Captain Clurles W. Morgan, allowing him
l-.L'tk). Then we have the well-known ease
of Commodore Peny, of fb'jo, whose expenses
in entertaining the Japanese authorities were
paid I))- the Government. _ And the mi'-sion of
Captain Paulding was s imilar to that of Com-
modore Perry. The precedents are amply sup-
ported. and the justice ot* the claim is ob\ ions
to all who will consul, r that it cannot b(; ex-
pected of officers of the Navy, poorly paid as
If. is admit t d they are, to j.ay these expenses
out of their oiv11 private pnrses,
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I aak that
the bill be again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. WASHDIj itNE, of Illinois. I hope
that the demand for the previous question will
not be seconded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
31, HOC-; W; no q -,oru:n voung.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers.
Tellers wore ordered ; and Alcssrs. Phelps
and Ross were appointed-
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-six, nor, not counted.
So the previous cjuosHon w<>s not seconded.
. Mr. ROSS moved that, the bill be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASLlliuRNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was la-.d
upon the fable; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the fable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tkeasuheb OF tub UNITED STATES.
I On motion of Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous
! consent, Senate bill No. 1W. lo facilitate the
1 settlement of the accounts ot the treasurer ot
i the United State*, and to secure certain moneys
! to the people of the Unit^dStaiesorlo porsor.3
' to whom 1h^v a^e due and who are entitled to
j receive the same, was taken iiom the Speaker's
table, and referred to the Committee ot Ways
and Means.
