1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
EMANCIPATION AND REBEL DEBT.
Mr. WILSON'. I move that the Senate take
up Senate joint resolution No. 24, proposing
an amendment to the Constitution, with a view
to its reference.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proeeeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. WILSON. Let it
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it resolved, (two thirds of both Houses con-
curring,) That the following article be proposed to
the Legislatures of the several States, which, when
ratified by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be
valid, (o all intents and purposes, as a part of said
Constitution, namely:
AutiGlk —. No payment shall everbemade by the
"United States, or any State, for or on account of the
emancipation of any slave or "laves, or for or on ac-
count of any debt contracted or incurred in aid of
rebellion against the national Government.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to refer this reso-
lution to the committee on reconstruction ; but
before that motion is pat, I desire to occupy the
attention of the Senate for a few moments to
explain the reason why I have inHl-oduced this
resolution.
Mr. President, when the rebel chiefs raised
the banners of revolution, four and a half mil-
lion men, held as beasts of burden by consti-
- tutions and laws, usages and customs in fifteen
Slates, were valued by their possessors at more
than two thousand million dollars. These thou-
sands of millions of capital invested in human
sinews, hedged about and guarded by constitu-
tional provisions, legislative enactments, judi-
cial decisions, the quick instincts of personal
interest, the jealousy of class and the pride of
consummated power, then controlled institu-
tions and States, and directed public councils.
In the pride of assured possession the holders
of these millions of beings, made in the image
of the common Father of all the races and kin-
dred of men, and of these vast material interests,
then placed ail upon the hazard of civil war.
That civil war closed in utter defeat and over-
whelming disaster to those dominating possess-
ors of human chattels. These four and a half
! million slaves are things no longer, but men
evermore. This capital invested in the bodies
of our fellovr-meu was wrested from the gripe
of its possessors by the hand of the war invoked
: to make slavery and the mighty interests per-
taining to it a perpetual inheritance.
- When the rebel slave-masters saw tlieir
vaunted confederacy crumbling and falling
around them, they, true to human nature, in-
dulged the delusive hope that some gradual
system of emancipation would be inaugurated,
or that some compensation for their lost mil-
lions would be made by the Government they
had striven to destroy. While they were in-
dulging in these illusions the President re-
quired them to amend their State constitutions,
and to adopt the amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States for the utter extinc-
tion of slavery. Coming to the realization of
their defeat, disaster, and humiliation, they
yielded a reluctant consent to these require-
ments of the President of the United States.
Though interest dictated a prudent resen e, ut-
terances in Georgia, Louisiana, and other States
give warning to the nation that the rebel slave-
masters hope for compensation for slaves eman-
cipated by national authority. Georgia adopts
the constitutional amendment with the distinct
•*' avowal that it will not preclude her from seek-
ing compensation for her emancipated bond-
men. and political conventions in Louisiana em-
phatically declare their purpose to seek such
compensation. Manifestations in many forms
in other sections of the South give unmistak-
able indications that they are biding their time,
when within these Chambers they will clamor
for compensation for slaves wrenched from their
possession by I'ederal power. Prudential con-
siderations nowimpose silence upon them ; but
the '-natural leaders" of the South know full
well that, when these vacant chairs are again
filled by the representatives of reorganized
rebel States, Ihe demand for compensation for
i slaves emancipated by our decrees will lire the
r southern heait and rally and unite the southern
people, as the echoes of the opening cannon on
Sumter fired, rallied, and united them in the
spring of 1801. Who is there among us that
does not believe that these reconstructed but
unrepentant rebels will seek the first, the last,
and every occasion to wring from the nation
some compensation for the millions emanci-
pated by the fiat of the national Government?
That statesman is indeed little read in the school
of human nature who believes the people of the
rebel States will not seek by all the means at
their command to extort from the Federal Gov-
ernment some consideration for the lost mil-
lions invested in four million men, made free
without Iheir consent and against their will by
the authority of the nation.
To these S2,000,000,000 lost to them by en-
forced emancipation is to be added the con-
federate debt, amounting to thousands of mil-
lions more. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Guthrie] told us the other
day that the South had lost by the rebellion
$10,000,000,000. Imp9vorished by these im-
mense losses, surrounded by the wastes of war,
by the maimed soldiers of the rebel armies,
and the widows and orphan children of men
fallen in battle, the rebel leaders cannot, will
not, dare not cease to demand some compen-
sation, and to labor for some compensation, by
every means within their power, orto war upon
the national debt, which takes from the people
of the rebellious States a portion of what the
losses and waste of a four years' war left to
them. lie who expccts other action than this
from the leaders of southern opinion is but a
poor student of human nature, and especially
of slaveliolding human nature.
To maintain the unity of the Republic, and
preserve the menaced life of the nation, the
Government of the United States summoned
more than two million men to the field, organ-
ized vast armies, created naval squadrons for
the blockading of southern ports, and carried
on for more than four years a war of gigantic
proportions. To support those vast armies, to
create these great naval squadrons that hovered
along the southern eoa^t from the Potomac to
the Rio Grande, the Government was com-
pelled to call upon the loyal people for nearly
three thousand million dollars. That people,
animated with the same lofty and self-sacrifi-
cing patriotism that carried their sons to battle-
fields, at this call of their country loaned these
millions to feed, to clothe, to arm, to pay the
soldiers of the Republic, and to pension the
widows and orphan children of heroes fallen in
battle for the existence of the Kepublie. With
the same holy zeal that filled the ranks of our
war-wa-ted battalions, that couliibuted sev-
enty-live millions in charities to the sick and
wounded defenders of their country, the loyal
people—bankers, merchants, farmers, mechan-
ics, laborers, all conditions of men, and women,
too—in the dark and trying days of the lebol-
lion, when men of little faith doubled the result
of the struggle for national existence, and rebel
sympathizers and rebel apologists prophesied
disaster and national bankruptcy, trusted their
interests and fortunes to the faith of their en-
dangered country. These millions of the loyal
people, loaned upon the plighted failh of the
periled nation, created the armies and navies
that lined the coasts, and swept the fields of
rebellion till the slave-masters' confederacy
crumbled into dishonored fragments. This
national debt, created bv the Government for
the preservation of the national life, i  as sa-
cred as the blood of our heroes poured out on
battle-fields. This national debt is the price
of national existence. Faith, honor, interest,
all alike demand that it shall be guarded as we
guard and cherish the scarred heroes and the
widows and orphans of the nation's dead.
'This vast national debt, larger, if measured
by interest, by the annual ens of earning it.
than the debt of Jiusrland. ill bear not lightly
upon the resources of the nation. To fuud if
at reasonabte rates, to provide the means
promptly to meet the interest upon it. and to
extinguish it at no distant period, to make the
burdens bear as equally and lightly as possible
upon all interests, will tax the resources of
statesmanship, andthepatience, endurance,and
patriotism of the people for years to come.
Not only are the holders of these national secu-
rities concerned in whatever affects the public
credit, but all conditions of men and all the
pursuits of life are also concerned in whatever
affects it. The national debt has been made
the basis of our banking system and currency.
Money-lenders and money-borrowers, mer-
chants, manufacturers, business men of all oc-
cupations, depositorsin savings institutions, and
the laborers who carry home to wives and
children the fruits of daily toil, all now have a
direct, a personal interest in maintaining un-
impaired the faith of the nation and the credit
of its securities.
•The holders of the public securities, the peo-
ple, concerned in all their vital interests in main-
taining the credit of the nation, in funding the
public debt at low rates of interest, and provid-
ing for its ultimate extinguishment, and in the
return at an early day to specie payments, now
demand, and they have a right imperatively to
demand, that the national securities, in which
are blended all public and private interests,
shall not be put at hazard by experimental legis-
lation. National credit, like individual credit,
is ever sensitive. It feels the approach of dan-
ger, be it ever so stealthy in its advances. The
holders of the public securities cannot but anx-
iously note multitudinous indications of coming
danger. With the clear vision of self-interest,
they see, feel, realize that the guardianship of
these thousands of millions of dollars, incurred
to put down the rebellion, cannot be safely in-
trusted to the defeated rebels. The holders of
the public securities, the possessors of the cur-
rency founded upon the public faith, the scarred
soldiers of the Republic, and the heirs of fallen
heroes, are hardly ready to intrust their inher-
itance, be that inheritance ever so small, to the
men who have lost two thousand millions "in-
vested iu the sinews of a race emancipated by
the national authority, and the holders of thou-
sands of millions of confederate bonds and ob-
ligations. They know that these baffled and
ruined men, smarting under defeat, poverty,
and wounded pride, will be ready ever to make
combinations with those who- in the dark and
troubled night of the rebellion predicted the
scaling down or the repudiation of the national
debt, to secure payment for rebel debts and
emancipated slaves, or to scale down or repu-
diate the debt incurred tor their overthrow.
The holders of your securities, the people whoso
vital interests require that these securities shall
be guarded against possible danger, impera-
tiiely demand thatirreveisible guarantees shall
be made that the nation v, ill never assume rebel
debts nor pay foi sla\ts emancipated by the
needs or will of their endangered country.
'The loyal people of the United States who
risked their private interests in support of tho
national authorit3r have a. right to demand—it
is their highest duty to demand—that the Gov-
ernment shall require, as a condition precedent
to the admission of rebel States, that the funda-
mental law shall be so amended as to make it
forever impossible that the public debt shall
ever be endangered by the payment of a single
dollar for emancipated slaves or confederate
obligations. Let these words, or words to the
same effect, be incorporated into the Constitu-
tion of the United States:
Xo payment shall ever be made bv the United States
or au\ JState for or on account of the emancipation of
an> slave or slave-', or tor or on account of any debt
contracted or incurred in aid of lebeifion agamst the
national (Tovernment.
Let the confederate States be required, as a
condition precedent t o their admission into these
Chambers, to adopt it. Its incorporation into
the organic law of the laud u iU hedge about the
national debt with additional guarantees and
securities, and make safer eveiy interest of the
country and the people.
Five years ago the leaders and organizers of
the rebellion, without one grievance to he re-
dressed. one wrong fo be righted, one right to
be vindicated, left these Chambers, turned their
backs upon country, duty, and honor, and
