3686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J.uly 9,
in. relation to political principles, when we come
to" financial questions of this kind, where the
Government can afford relief without any'dam-
age to the interests of the country, and with the'
freatest benefit to the local interests of a State,
am, for one, quite willing to grant it. And as
we have hi&erto given considerable aid to rail-
roads in the West, I think we should give this
aid here. It is simply granting to this railroad
time in which to pay these duties.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire' to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if this
amendment provides tliat the principal and
interest shall be paid in gold at the end of five
years.
Mr. MORRILL. As a matter of course that
will be so considered.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 am not quite clear about
'that.
Mr. MORRILL. It ought to be in that form.
Mr. ALLISON. If this duty on railroad iron
should be changed as proposed to a debt in
favor of the United States, that debt, in'my
.judgment, would not be payable in coin unless
it were so specified.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment provides
for the payment of interest semi-annually. I
modify the amendment by inserting the words
"to be paid ir. coin." >
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I feci very
mueh disposed to extend aid, so far as possible,
tp suffering men everywhere ; but why the Gov-
ernment should give this^redit to a corporation
I cannot very well understand. I know no
reason why this Florida corporation should re-
ceive this credit, except such reasons as would
apply to every other railroad corporation in the
United States. i I can perceive in this propo-
sition the entering wedge for all the other com-
panies, opening the way to the destruction of
our whole system of revenue on railroad iron.
-Next year—or if not next year, certainly the
year alter—this duty will be remitted: and we
shall get nothing. This is practically'a remis-
sion of the duty on railroad iron for the benefit
of this Florida railroad company. The only
thing that would recommend this proposition
to me is the fact that a large part of the stock
of this company is owned by northern men.
Everybody knows that enterprising men of the
North are assisting largely in building these
southern roads: and of course they-have my
sympathy. I cannot understand, however, why
this credit, or rather this gift, should be extended
by the Government to those concerned in this
railroad. I can understand wliy these should
be a combination for the purpose of bringing
railroad iron into the country free of duty. But
I cannot see why we should consent to permit
the remission of the duti,gs4o railroad compa-
nies which, if they are profitable at all, are able
to pay the duties. I must therefore vote against
the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, for the
purpose of saying a few words upon this ques-
tion, I move to amend the amendment bv
striking out " five" and inserting " three." I
regret very much to hear the remarks just made
by the honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Steven's.J It seems to me that he
has forgotten that the amendment which is
offered by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is in the very spirit of the
resolution which hasalready been recommended
to this House by a joint committee of both
Houses, of which committee the honorable
gentleman himself is a member, and which
resolution proposes to suspend for the period
of ten years, upon like securities being given,
the obligations for the payment of direct taxes
assessed upon the eleven States lately in insur-
rection.
Mr. STEVENS. I will ask the gentleman
whether this railroad is a State work or an
individual enterprise.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman, I was just
going to say, seemed to undertake to fortify his
position and to forestall any remarks upon this
subject by referring to the fact that the amend-
ment now pendingisin behalf of a corporation.
Sir, the State itself is but a corporation; bu't
those who compose each are citizens of the
country. In this respect they"are all alike;
and they are a very disorganized body of cor-
porators at that. For myself, Mr. Chairman,
1 cannot sec the stateamanship.of saying that
no quarter whatever shall be given to those
people; that nothing is to be done for them,
or even attempted to be done, but to exact the
uttermost farthing at once and without one day
of grace. After you shall have done this, what
will you have accomplished? If yon give the
southern people no kind of encouragement to
attempt anything toward improvement and the
organization of industry and the development
of their resources, what assurance have you
that they will ever attempt'anything? The
amendment now pending proposes simply to
say to those people, " Go on and build your
railroad connecting your two States of Florida
and Alabama ; procure the' iron necessary for
the purpose; if it be foreign iron and liable to'
duty, give security satisfactory to the Govern-
ment for the ultimate payment of the duties,
and for the payment semi-annually, in gold, of
the interest thereon during the period of the
five intermediate years of extension." That
is all there is in the proposition.
Sir, I am willing, and deem it my duty, to
assist by special legislation, if you please, in
working out speedily such results in the South
as will break that unbroken column of rebel
States extending from the shores of the Po-
tomac to the Rio Grande. I thank the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for the pending
proposition and the statesmanship which un-
derlies it and is embodied in it. Its adoption
can do no harm. I scout as unworthy of a
moment's consideration any suggestion that
the adoption of a proposition like this will be
a precedent which may bring disaster upon the
country. _ Anything that is calculated to wake
up intelligent industry through that vast tract
of country held these last five years in the em-
brace of rebellion, which was an embrace of
death, I hail as an omen of that "good time
coming" when those States will be restored
and the supremacy of the Constitution acknowl-
edged in every State hitherto in insurrection.
Having said these few words in favor of the
proposition of the committee, I now withdraw
my amendment to it.
Mr. FINCK. I renew the amendment. Mr.
Chairman, I have beeu gratified with some of
the liberal remarks of my colleague. I have
sat here patiently day after day listening to the
discussion of this important measure, and I
have been deeply impressed with the striking
fact that the people of eleven of our sister States,
who liaveso mueh interest in a great measure like
this, have not had a voice or vote on this floor to
represent them. Sir, this is an unnatural con-
dition of things; not in accordance with our
representative, system of government. The
measure which was-passed a few days since
for raising internal revenue, which so vitally
affects the interests and business of the whole
people, as well those of the States repre-
sented as*those of fhe eleven States unrepre-
sented, has been passed through both Houses
without the voice or vote for or against it of a
single representative from nearly one third of
the States. Can this thing last and our Gov-
ernment continue a free Government? Sir, it
is in direct conflict with the great principle on
which our system of government was founded.
In that bill you have discriminated against one
of the great staples of this country, and vio-
lated one of the rules on which the revenue
system is based. You have imposed a tax of
three cents a pound on cotton. You do not
propose to tax wheat, oats, and corn so much
per bushel. It would bo unwise and unjust to
do so. Bi\t, sir, it is also unwise andunjust'to
impose this tax upon cotton, and doubly so
because you impose it upon a people to whom
you have denied all representation on this floor.
Is it the policy of this Congress to discour-
age the raising of cotton and increase its price
on the great masses of the people who use it?
Is it the policy of this Congress to convert the
cotton fields of the South into grain and pas-
ture fields and bring them in competition with
the great agricultural interests of the West, and
thus not only increase the price of cotton but
deprive the great West of one of the markets
for its produce ? No man believes that this tax
on cotton could have b.een imposed if all the
States had been represented here ; and allow
me' to inquire whether it is a part of this same
scheme to take advantage of the absence of the
Representatives of eleven States, who are de-
prived of their seats here by the majority, and
impose this monstrous measure called a tariff
upon the country? The internal revenue meas-
ure, we havebeen told, will lessen the burden,
of our taxation from fifty to seventy-five mil-
lion dollars, and surely the great manufactur-
ing interests will receive their fair benefit of
this reduction. Now, I submit whether it is
right and proper to further protect the inter-
ests of the manufacturers, whose dividends for
the last year have been so large, at the expense
of the agricultural interests and of the great
masses of the people; for, say what you will,
all these burdens in the shape of duties must
in the end be paid by the consumers.'
Have gentlemen forgotten the importance
of the cotton crop to this country; how much
it has heretofore entered into the decision of
the great question of the balance of trade, and
the means it has furnished us of keeping our
gold at home and sending the surplus cotton
crop abroad? It has been a great element in .
regulating our exchanges ; and it seems to me
that it would be both wise and just for us to
encourage instead of discouraging the produc-
tion of this great staple.
Why, sir, its increase has been one of the
most wonderful things in our history of pro-
ductions. In 1800 only about five thousand
bales of four hundred pounds each were ex-
ported. In 1849 the production "had reached
to nearly two and a half million balqe, and in
1859 to the enormous and wonderful number
of more than five million bales of four hun-
dred pounds each. And why tax this produc-
tion three cents a pound? Would gentlemen
have dreamed of doing so but for the fact of
the unfortunate and unnatural troubles which
have afflicted the country? Is it in the spirit
of punishmentand revenge that it is now done?
Gentlemen should remember that legislation
based on such a spirit is always unsafe and
unwise. Sir, the first great tiling which this
country requires is the assembling here of the
representatives of the people Of all the States
in a true spirit of patriotism and conciliation,
and then these duties and taxes can be discussed
and considered, and the interests of the whole
country wisely understood and adjusted. Gen-
tlemen may venture too far. They should re-
member that he who would rend the oak must
take care of its rebound. Let this bill be post-
poned to some more propitious time, when that
happy day arrives, which I trust will soon come,
when all the States shall again be represented
here, and a cordial restoration of hearts and
hands shall once more firmly cement our be-
loved Union. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw the
amendment. ' *•
Mr. HALE. I move the following amend-
ment to the amendment: strike out "so-called
military confederate authorities," and insert in
lieu thereof "rebel forces:" and strike out
"and the injunctions of the courts." The
first clause of my amendment explains itself.
I believe in calling things by their right names.
In reference to the injunctions of the courts,
I do not know what courts are referred to, but
they must be the so-called confederate or State
courts. In either case it strikes me as im-
proper to refer to the action of such courts as
having authority. A single word as to the
amendment itself. It seems to me, with all
deference to the Committee of Ways and Means,
that the provisions of this proposed section aro
not such as ought to be incorporated in this
bill. This is a general tariff bill, and the pro-
posed amendment would interpolate in it a
specific provision for the benefit of a particu-
lar railroad in the southern States. Whatever
may be the merits of this particular case, it is
