1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
368?
not the proper subject of provision in this bill,
and to countenance sucB a proceeding would
open the door to great abuses. Whether af-
fecting the construction of railroads or any
other branch of industry in the southern States,
it should be provided in a general bill here-
after to be introduced to cover certain classes
of cases, or by separate special bills to provide
for each separate case. I cannot certainly ac-
cede to the propriety of legislating for special
relief in a general bill. I think this proposed
new section should be withdrawn and come
before the House in another form.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the gentleman
from New York, while I do not object to his
amendment, I will say to him the proposed
section is certainly pertinent to the subject-
matter of the present bill, and if it is to be
passed at all at this session it must go in this
bill, as any separate bill would not be acted
upon. The Committee of Ways and Means
regarded it as a question of so much interest
as to be willing to ingraft it on this bill.
SJi-. HALE. Has the committee information
whether there are other roads in the same-sit-
uation?
Mr. MORRILL. I am not aware of any
other case. The present bill provides that the
duty shall be paid semi-annually. It was form-
erly the practice, to allow some extension of
time to all parties who had duties to paytothe
Government; and now, when the people of the
North are extending pecuniary aid to the South
in order that it may recuperate more rapidly,
it seems to me that such help as this from the
Government is eminently proper. I have no
doubt it is for the interest of the Government to
give this credit. It will be found in the increased
amount of taxation to be derived because of the
construction of this railroad. I hope the House
will agree with the Committee of Ways and
Means that this is aproper subject to be con-
sidered now. I know the parties, at least some
of them, engaged on this road areas loyal men
as any upon this floor, men who never lifted
a hand to help the rebellion. They propose
to give ample security for the payment of these
duties.
Mr. PRICE. Are these stockholders north-
ern or southern men?
Mr. MORRILL. Some are from the North,
but the most of them are southern men.
Mr. PRICE. How many?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know.
Mr. PRICE. I am to understand, then, that
the largest part of the stock is held by residents
of southern States?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; as I have been
informed, residents of Florida.
Mr. PAINE. T desire to ask the gentleman
whether these loyal men he speaks of as being
owners of the stock are not northern men.
Mr. MORRILL. Not all of them. Some
have been there more than twenty years.
Mr. PAINE. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting " two years" in the place
of " five years."'
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment and
the gentleman may renew it.
Mr. PAINE. 1 renew it. Mr. Chairman,
there is no member of this House who is more
willing than I am to do anything that can be
done properly in a pecuniary way to aid our
southern friends in restoring their industry to
the position which it occupied before the war
broke out. But I can see no reason why this
railroad "company running out of Pensaeola
should be singled out of all in the United States
to receive this bounty from the hands of the
United States. Why not include in the same
provision the railroads of the West, North, and
Northwest, those roadswhich are needed by the
country and which need such aid as this? Why
should railroad iron be admitted for the pres-
ent free of doty in the interest of this particu-
lar railroad company when we extend the same
privilege to no other road? I would like to
know for what particular reason, on what par-
ticular ground, this claim is presented hero.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it'may be as the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morbiia] has said,
that a large number of the stockholders are
loyal men. I believe that the largest number of
loyal men are northern men 'and men who can
pay this duty if they are disposed to go into the
speculation. I am not inclined to give aid to
northern speculators, and as for southern men
I know not why their claims should be stronger
before this House or the country than those of
northern men, or why southern railroads should
have any stronger claim on the Treasury of the
United States than northern railroads.
Mr. Chairman, I am willing to do all that
can be justly done, but I am not willing to en-
courage the importation of foreign iron to be
used on southern railroads to the detriment of
the production of American railroad iron by
giving time for the payment of the duty. The
gentleman says he does not anticipate any ap-
plication being made to Congress to entirely
remit the duties for which securities are to be
given. I do not concur with the gentleman in
that idea. I feel sure that if we give time for
the payment of these duties they will never be
paid. I feel confident that it is an effort made
to an entire exemption. And as to the secu-
rity to be given, I would like to know what has
become of the securities given to this Govern-
ment for the immense amount of rolling stock
upon the southern railroads turned over to
southern companies. I would like to know
whether anything is to be realized from those
securities.
Mr. Chairman, this case stands in my view
on precisely the same basis. I have no idea
that one penny will be realized on these secu-
rities any more than on those taken on the roll-
ing stock that has been turned over to the
rebels. And while I will do all that can be
reasonably done for the South, 1 see no reason
for selecting out this individual company and
taking security satisfactory to the Secretary of
the Treasury for the payment of the duties. I
believe a general rule should be adopted, and
1 insist if-it is adopted here now in behalf of
this company, you shall also apply the same to
struggling companies in the North and North-
west, where there has been no disloyalty and
w'here the roads are urgently wanted for the
development of the country and for the use of
the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I oppose, pro foi'md, the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
[Mr. Paine.] The gentlemau inquires why
select out this particular road ; why not select
roads in the Northwest and other parts of the
country and give them donations? Does the gen-
tleman forget that we have been doing that all
this session, and that we have been giving them
the best lands belonging to the United States.
We have done it because it is a wise policy to
develop the resources of that western country.
For the same reason, if we were to donate all
these duties to this railroad it would be the
wisest policy to pursue on our part. I do not
look so much to the agency of such laws as we
are enabled to pass here for the restoration of
these States to their former relations to the
Union as I do to precisely such agencies as are
incidentally connected with such measures as
this. I look to the civilization which is to fol-
low from such legislation as ihis to restore these
States to harmony. I look to the reaper and
the mower, to the school-house, the church, the
whole system of northern education and civili-
zation carried down there from the North, and
supported it may be from the North, to restore
these States to their former relation to this
Union. It is not by the force of laws that we
can pass here that they will ever become what
they were before save the institution of sla-
very. They are to be brought back by a new
social system, new to the very foundation. The
old system has been upturned, upheaved, and
destroyed, and upon its ruins a better, health-
ier, and more permanent civilization is to be
•established.
I hope every one of these railroads, these
arteries, these sources of life, civilization, and
strength, will be developed. I hope we will
invite northern capital and northern emigra-
tion there. I would not undertake to starve
and stint them. I would recognize the fact
that they are prostrate, that the whole surface
of the country is burned over, and is a heap
of ashes, and I would build up upon it this
"new system which the providence of God has
ordained as the result of the war. I would
donate to these railroads all the duties upon
iron necessary to „put them in order. Their
rolling stock, what is that to us in comparison
with the worth of a flourishing, enterprising
system like that which is spread all over the
northern and western States? What is that
compared with what it would be, dealing with
them as we may have the power to do?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the- chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly"the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increa'sed revenue from imports, and
for^ther purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House •
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, all
debate on the pending section terminate in five
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff bill again.
Mr. MOSRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into .
the Committee of the AVhole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rales were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee-
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair.) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KliLLEY. I renew it for the sake of
saying that I hope this section will be added to
the bill. There is, perhaps, no man on the
floor of this House who is more unwilling to
give political power to the people of the South
until they shall test their fitness to receive it by
their acts than I am. But I believe the true
policy of the Government is to win that people
from their devotion to political abstractions by
engaging them in the business of life.
Whenever during this Congress I have had
a chance to raise my voice in favor of any
measure that was calculated to promote and
develop mutual interests and induce the peo-
ple to engage on their own behalf in their pro-
motion I have done it. I indorse every one
of the words so ably spoken by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] \\ e can
regenerate that people, and it is our duty to do
it. We can do it by just such acts as this, and
that without periling a dollar of the Govern-
ment funds. The section provides for the ad-
mission of a certain quantity of iron, but not
until security shall have been given for the pay-
ment of the interest of the duties regularly in
gold, and the duties to be paid at the end of
five years.
Now, it is-asked why this should be done
here and not elsewhere. Sir, this House has
passed a resolution instructing the proper
officers of the Freedmen's Bureau to feed
the starving people of Alabama and Georgia.
This road is of great importance to those peo-
ple. The people who are starving, who were
without seed to put in a crop for this year, are ,
not in a condition to raise moneyto go on with
now enterprises.
Mx. STEVENS. May I ask my friend liow
