388a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
many of these starving people he thinks are
stockholders in this road?
Mr. KELLEY. I' do not knew that any of
them are. Bat I know that a railroad through
a country, though its stock be owned in a for-
eign country, blesses those who live upon it
and who live near its termini. Does the gen-
tleman mean "to say that railroads are blessings
. only to the stockholders?
Mr. STEVENS. I mean that the stock-
holders mast make the road, and I do not
believe in coaxing rebels with sugar-plums and
love feasts. •
Mr: KELLEY. Nor do I; yet I do believe
that the only way to develop and restore a
devastated region of country is by inducing
capital and enterprise to come within their
limits. That is my answer to the gentleman.
And if w§ can induce northern capital and
enterprise to go there we should do it.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Hale, as renewed by Mr. Kelley, to
the amendment of Mr. Mobrill, which was to
strike out the words "so-called confederate
authorities," and to insert "rebel forces;"
also strike out the words "and the injunctions
of the courts."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. . ^
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment as amended ; and upon a division there
. were—ayes 66, noes 40.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. FAItQUHAE. called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens
and Morrill were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 61, noes 34.
The amendment, as amended, was agreod to..
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
.to insert the following as an additional section.:
And be it further enacted. That so much of the act
entitled An act to authorize protection to bo given
to citizens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano," approved August 18,1856, as pro-
hibits the export thereof, is hereby suspended in
relation to ail persons who have complied with the
provisions of section two of said act for five years
from and after the 14th day of July, 1867.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Does
the gentleman offer this on his own individual
motion, or does he do it upon the recommen-
dation of the Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. From the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McRUER. I move to amend bv insert-
ing the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the proviso in sec-
tion four of an act entitled "An act amendatory of
certain acts imposing duties upon foreign importa-
tions, approved March 3,1865, shall bo construed to
include any ship, vessel or steamer to or from any
port in the Sandwich Islands or Society Islands.
The act of 18G5 provides that'all vessels en-
tering American ports, whether owned wholly
or in part by American citizens, shall pay a
duty of thirty cents per ton every time they
enter at a custom-house. Bat there is in that
law a provision that all vessels engaged in the
coasting trade, and all vessels coming from
Mexico, the West India islands, or the British
possessions, shall be exempt from this tax, to
the extent that they shall pay it but once a
year. It was the evident intention only to tax
vessels once a year, only those engaged in
makihg long voyages. Now vessels engaged in
the trade between San Francisco and the Sand-
wich Islands make, on an average, six trips a
year. But since this law passed these vessels
have been compelled to pay this enormous ton-
nage duty every time they enter the port of San
Francisco, six times a year. Now this class
of vessels should be exempted from the tax,
the same as vessels trading with the West In-
dies, or with Mexico, or coming from any of the
British possessions. This amendment meets
with the approbation of the Committee of Ways
ahd Means. I think there can be no sound
objection to it, and I hope it will be adopted.
_ Mr. MORRILL. I believe there is no ob-
.jeofaon to >this amendment.
July 9,
• Mr. DODGE. I hope the House will sus-
tain the proposition ijf the gentleman from
California, [Mr. McEuee. ] Great Britain has
almost monopolized the trade with the islands
of the Pacific,' and'she is fast gaining the trade
of the Sandwich Islands. It is for the interest
of this country that we do everything in our
power to relieve from tonnage duty the vessels
trading from California to the Sandwich Islands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McRUER. I ask consent to offer the
following as a proviso to the sixth section,
which has already been passed :
Provided, That no wines, brandies, or othef spirit-
uous liquors in transit to the United States on the 1st
day of Oetober, 1866, shall be subject to forfeiture
under the aot.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there' objection to
reverting to the sixth section for the purpose
of considering the amendment stated by the
gentleman from California? '
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
Mr. McRUER. Then I offer the following
as a new section, to come in after the section
last read:
And be it further enacted. That nb wines, brandies,
or other spirituous liquors in .transit to the United
States on the 1st day of Oetober, 1866, shall be sub-
ject to forfeiture under this aot.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call attention to the
fact that ill the sixth section it is provided
that—
. Any wines, brandies, or other spirituous liquors
imported on and after the 1st day of October, 1866 in
any less quantities than herein provided for shall bo
forfeited to the united States.
Now, it certainly cannot be the intention of
the Committee of Ways and Means or of this
House that a cargo of wines or brandies which
left France on the 1st of last May and which
may arrive in the port of San Francisco on the
1st of next October shall be forfeited because
they are in packages of less than thirty gallons.
Yet under the provisions of the bill as thoy
now stand this would be the necessary effect,
without any means of avoiding it. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury would be compelled in
such a case to forfeit the whole cargo because
imported in packages of less than thirty gal-
lons; and a package of twenty gallons is a
very common package for fine liquors.
Now, it seems to me it would be perfectly
monstrous to make such an enactment. Why,
sir, this bill ought to include a provision that
would except from this requirement importa-
tions arriving after the date specified, when-
ever it can be shown that the person shipping
the cargo has not had time to become informed
of the requirement of our tariff law. Hereto-
fore, when we have enacted tariffs taking effect
immediately, they have worked great hardship
to individuals without any benefit to the Gov-
ernment. A merchant on the Mediterranean
may on the 1st of October be entirely ignorant
of this requirement of our law. The bill should
provide that nothing shall be forfeited, unless
imported in contravention of laws known to
be in existence. I think that the amendment
which I have offered must commend itself to
the good sense of this House.
Mr. MORRILL. This provision was in-
serted for the purpose of trying to avoid the
smuggling that is going on all along our north-
ern frontier. _ Unless we have something of
this kind it will be utterly impossible for our
revenue officers to detect the smuggling that
takes place daily. I am willing that something
like that suggested should be inserted if it be
not too broad. I will suggest that by unani-
mous consent the matter shall be passed over
for the present, so that a proper provision may
be prepared on the subject.
There was no objection, and it was ordeted
accordingly.
Mr. SI EVENS. I offer the following new
section:
. And be it further enacted. That the same provisions
m regard to credit on railroad iron extended to the
Florida and Atabama railroad shall extend to all
railroads west of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot see any reason why
these infant railroads should not have the fos-
tering care of the Government in this way if
any are to have it. I "understand, in regard to
the Florida and Alabama railroad, that it had
iron there, bnt put it in another place to. make
a branch road which is now running, and has
been for months past. The design is to bring
in this iron to relay the old road. If it be
granted to this road I, see no reason why the
same privilege should not be extended to all
other railroads. What we have granted to one
we should grant to the others.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out " west"
and to insert " outside;"* so that it will read,
"outside of Pennsylvania." [Laughter.!
Mr. STEVENS. I accept it. [Renewed
laughter.] I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield and'
Mr. "Thayer were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48, noes 49.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, Thatall lawsand
parts of laws allowing fishing bounties to vessels
hereafter licensed to engage m the fisheries be, Slid
the same aro hereby, repealed: Provided, That from
and after the date of the passage of this act vessels
licensed to engage in the fisheries may takeon board
imported salt in bond to be used in curing fish, under
such regulations, as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe, and upon proof thatsaid salthas been
used in curing fish, the duties on the same shall bo
remitted.
Mr. KASSON. I offer the following as an
additional section: -
And be it fut ther enacted. That so much of this act
as increases the duty on iron bars for railroads or
inclined planes, made to patterns, imported and laid
down, shall not go into effect until one year from the
4th day of March next.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this new section for
the purpose of once more calling the attention
of the committee to the propriety of this meas-
ure of protection, the only real measure of pro-
tection offered to the interests of that great
region of country known as the valley of the
Mississippi. I offer it for another purpose
which I hope the committee will take into ac-
count, that we may get a vote distinctly on this
question of railroad iron in the House, if this bill
be not recommitted to the committee, or post-
poned until December next. There is not a
single industry of the West, nor a single inter-
est of any part of the country, that depends
upon shipping food from the West which is
not affected by the question I here attempt to
make connected with the increase of duty on
railroad iron. The great burden of the West
is that kcosts so much to get articles to mar-
ket that it leaves almost nothing to the farmer
as a profit upon his industry. At this time
extraordinary efforts"are being made west of
the Mississippi for an extension of the railroad
system. Many of the railroads are struggling
even upon home contributions to carry them
along ten or 'twenty miles at a time to 'reach
further into the interior of that country for the
benefit of the farming interest. They could
not expect that after reducing the tax on iron
under the internal revenue bill there would be
an increase of duty on iron imported from
abroad to deprive them of the benefit of that
reduction. Companies have been organized
and have been pushing ahead in the belief
that Congress would not increase thejburdens
on the construction of these railroads.
Now, sir, this is a great and fundamental
interest; an interest that we cannot afford to
have disregarded in the West, when we have
to pay for everything included in the tariff bill
which we consume an enhanced price in con-
sequence of the enhanced rates of duties.
1 ask, then, gentlemen from the Northwest,
from both sides of the Mississippi river, and gen-
tlemen from New England, who feel an inter-
est in cheap fuel for their manufactures; I ask
gentlemen from all parts of the country who
desire to do justice to the West that they will
allow a vote to be taken here in committee upoa
this section to postpone the time for the taking
effect of this clause and carry it in committee,
so that we may have a vote by yeas, and nays
upon it in the House.
Mr, MOORHEAD, I woiiid ask the gentle-
