vm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
that a collector, with the same salary as is above pro-
vided toi caeli collector of Port Huron and Michigan,
shall be pppoir.ted to reside at the port of entry in
said di-ivict. which shall be designated by the Secre-
tary ol i. i:0 Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iam also
directed by the committee to move another
amendment, which is desired by the Treasury
Department.
. The Clerk read, as follows:
Add as a new section:
Ant' hp it further enacted, That the collection dis-
trict of Penobscot, in the State of Maine, shall here-
after be called the district of Castinc.
The amendment was agreed io.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
ilr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vol e by which the bill was passed;
and also moved tii.at the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHfJU ilNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the title so that it will read: "An
act to establish the collection district of Port
Huron, the collection district oP Michigan, the
collection district of Montana and Idaho, and
to change the name of the collection district of
Penobscot."
The title as amended was adopted.
IiKOltOAXlZATION OP Tilt: AltMV.
'Mr. LAFLIN", by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Printing, reported the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Rrsolvrrf, That two thousand extra copies of House
bill No. 3'lt, to reorganize and estabiif U the Army ol
the United States, with certain amendments thereto,
be printed for the Use of the House in pamphlet form.
Mr. LAFL1N moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW YOIiK CONTEST!:!) ELECTION.
The Jlouse then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the regular order of business after the
morning hour, being the following resolutions
reported from the Committee of Elections:
Jie*o/,vcd, That Hon. James Brooks is not entitled
to a seat 111 this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the oighth district 111
New Yoik.
<!, That William E. Dodge is entitled to a
sent in this House as a Representative in the Thirtv-
-Niiii.il Congter-s lrom the eighth district in New York.
Mr. MARSHALL. How much time have I
left of my hour?
The SPEAKER. Five minutes.
Air. MARSHALL. I hope, as the time of
the chairman of the committee was extended,
mine will also be extended before I commence.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the time of the gen-
tleman will be extended.
By unanimous consent the time was extended
to another hour.
Mr. MAllSIIA LL then concluded the speech
commenced by him 011 yesterday. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.] At the
close he moved to amend the lesolutions re-
ported by the majority by striking out, all after
the word " resolved" and inserting as follows:
That William 13. Dodge is not entitled to a scat in
the House as a Representative in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress lrom tiie eighth distrietm New York.
The question was stated on agreeing to the
amendment just oll'ered.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, there is a
small number of members present at this time,
and 
Mr. MORRILL. There is evidently not a
viorum present, and I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Trow-
bridge in the chair.) The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bkooks] has the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose nobody expected
a vote to be taken atthis time, and many mem-
bers are at the other end of the Capitol.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from. New York [Mr. Brooks] yield
to the motion of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Mokrill?]
Mr. BROOKS. I do not consider that I
had the floor when the gentleman made the
motion.
The motion for a call of the House was
agreed to.
So a call of the House was ordeied, the roll
was called, and the following members failed
to answer to their names:
Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Barker, Blaine,
Blow, Brnndegee, Bromwell, Buckland, Chanter,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Culloni, Culver, Defrees, Delano, Doming, Donnelly,
Dumont, Eckley, Goodyear, Cinder, Henderson, Hig-
by, Ilotehkiss, Chester X). Hubbard, l lamas Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kas-
son, Kerr. Kuykendall, Latham, Lynch, Marvin, Mc-
Cuilor.gh.McRucr. Miller, Moorhead, Moulion, Ncw
ell,NiMack,Orth.Ponieroy.Starr, Strouse, Thornton,
Burt Van lloru, Warner, Williams, and Woodbridge.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
dispense with further proceedings under the
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to; and further
proceedings were accordingly dispensed with.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer an amendment to
the resolutions reported by the majority of the
committee, by striking out all after the word
''resolved" and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
That the testimony taken as to Hon. James Brooks
be recommitted to the Committee ol Elections, with
iu.-truetions to report especially the facts as to the
euttoin under the laws of New York of appointing
inspectors of the registry of elections not from the par-
ticular election distiicts in which thcyicsidc; also,
the iacts respecting the verification by Brooks of the
voles for Brooks 111 the fifteenth district, with power
to send for persons and papers, and power to reinsti-
tutejudici.il reexamination ill said district.
Mr. SPALDING. If that substitute be not
adopted, I intend to offer the following as a
substitute:
Strike out all after tho word "resolved,'' and
inseit:
That neither the sitting member, James Brooks, nor
the contestant, William E. Dodge, has been elected
to the Thirty-Ninth Congress in conformity with the
laws regulating elections in tho Slate of New York,
as a Representative from the eighth congressional
district m said State.
That a vacancy exists in th« place of
"Representative from the eighth district in the State
of N ew York, and that the matter be referred to the
proper authorities to till tho same by new elections
according to law.
Mr. SCIiENGK. I would inquire whether
there are not two resolutions pending now, one
declaring Mr. Brooks entitled to the seat, and
the other dcclaiing Mr. Dodge entitled to it;
and if both are voted down, whether the object
of my colleague [Mr. Garfield] will not be
accomplished without any special resolution 011
tho subject.
Mr. DAWES. If both are voted down the
sitting member remains in his seat.
Mr. SCH ENCfv. If we vote that Mr. Brooks
is not entitled to the seatand negative tho other
resolution that Mr. Dodgeisentitled to the seat,
it leaves a vacancy. So that there is no neces-
sity of a proposition like that submitted by my
colleague.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to occupy the
attention of the House for a few moments. I
have always voted, with perhaps a single excep-
tion, with _ the majority of the Committee of
Elections in the cases that they have reported
to the House, and it is with a great deal of hes-
itancy that I differ with the Committee of Elec-
tions now. Indeed, I do not say that I differ
with them entirely in their conclusion, but I say
this much : after a very careful reading of the
majority report as well as the report of the
minority, I am unwilling to vote to sustain either
of them, as the case now stands before the
House.
Now, I will ask attention to two or three
points to show the reason why I am unwilling
to vote to sustain either report, and why I desire
further investigation to belrad before final action
is taken upon this subject. There is a single
sentence on the first page of the report of the
majority which, it seems to me, ought to decide
this matter at once. It is this:
" If each allegation and pleading of tho two parties
were shipped of everything but that which could
properly be called a 'particular specification of the
grounds upon which the party relies in the contest,'
very little would be left for either."
Now, it seems lo me that is a very impor-
tant statement for the Committee of Elections
to start out with. They say that if the prop-
ositions of both parties were stripped of all
verbiage, very little would be left to either.
And yet the committee go on to decide that
enough is left to unseat one gentleman, and
put the other in his place.
Then there arc some discrepancies between
the reports of the majority and the minority of
the committee. In the report of the majority
it is stated that only four districts are reported
as doubtful and contested. Those four dis-
tricts are named, and it is declared that those
four districts only are in the contest. Yet the
sitting member sets forth in his report as well
as in his pleadings here that there is another
district in which the election was fraudulent,
and on four different pages, at four different
places in the printed book of evidence, testi-
mony is introduced to prove that one other pre-
cinct in one ward of the city was fraudulent in
its election, and yet the majority of the commit-
tee declare that only four precincts were brought
into the contest at all. They have entirely
ignored one voting precinct which the sitting
member alleges was fraudulent, and in regard
to which he brings forward proof to sustain his
statement. It seems to me that is an omis-
sion too remarkable to be passed over without
notice. I am unwilling to vote to unseat any
man here when the report of the committee
neglects even to remark upon an allegation set
forth in regular form, with proof submitted,
whether good or bad I do not know, to sus-
tain it.
Now, one thing more : this whole ease prac-
tically turns on the settlement of the question
in relation to the fifteenth district of the eigh-
teenth ward ; for if the report of the majority
be accepted in all other particulars, and rejected
in respect to that district, it still does not un-
seat Mr. Brooks. There are so many remark-
able collisions between the reports of the ma-
jority and tho minority that I am unwilling to
act until some of them are cleared away. For
instance, in the very beginning of their report
the majority allege that this fifteenth district of
the eighteenth ward is only a part, of the ori-
ginal twelfth district. And from that fact they
proceed to argue that there being a large vote
there, it must be that the vote was fraudulent;
the vote in the present fifteenth district being
a little larger than the vote was in the old twelfth
district before the fifteenth district, as it is
claimed, was taken from it.
Now, the minority of the committee report
that not only is the present fifteenth district not
a fragment of the old twelfth district, but that
new territory was added to the extent of three
times the area of the old twelfth district. Now,
this very remarkable discrepancy ought to be
settled before the House is called upon to act
on this question.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to understand my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Gaufield.] Is it tho
purpose of his resolution to require the Com-
mittee of Elections to harmonize these two
reports ?
_ Mr. G ARFIELD. By no means. I am
simply giving the reasons, to my mind, why I
desire further light upon this subject, and I
think before I am through I will show in what
way this light I ask for will aid us in arriving
at a proper decision of this matter. I am
simply stating the points of discrepancy which
make it impossible for me to decide this matter
now in a manner satisfactory to myself.
Another thing: it is urged, as one point in
djspute, that the place of election was not defi-
nitely settled. It is said that the place of elec-
tion was declared by competent authority to
be at "James Thompson's, No. 252 Avenue
B," whereas the election was in fact held at a
stable on the premises, about one hundred feet
from the front where the name and number
were put upon the door. Now, although that
does not seem to me to be enough to vitiate
the election, even if it were so, I should like to
