2728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the
proviso by inserting after the word "engines"
the words "or cars;" and also by inserting
after the words "finished engine," the word
11 or ear.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr.-Garfield] has moved the very amend-
ments I desired to propose; and therefore I
have none to move. [Laughter.]
The Clerk read as follows:
On boilers of all kinds, water tanks, sugar tanks,
oil stills,sewing-machines, lathes, tools, planes, plan-
ing-machines, shafting and gearing, a tax of five per
cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On iron railings, gates, fences, furniture, and stat-
uary, a tax of five percent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word '' iron" before the word " railings and
also to insert the words " made of iron" after
the word "statuary."
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On copper and brass tubes, nails, or rivets, sheet
lead, and lead pipes and shot, a tax of five per cent.
ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On goat, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog skins,
tanned or dressed in the rough, a tax of five per cent.
ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On goat, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog skins,
curried or finished, a tax of five per cent, ad valorem:
Provided, That all goat, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog,
and dog &liin3 previously assessed in the rough, and
npon which taxes have been actually paid, shall be
assessed on the increased value only when curried or
finished.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "previously assessed in the
rough'' and inserting after the words '' upon
which taxes" the words " or duties."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On patent, enameled, and japanned leather and
skins of every description, a tax of five per cent, ad
valorem : Provided, That when a tax has been paid
on the leather in the rough, the tax shall bo assessed
and paid only on the increased value.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] that the words
"or duty" should be inserted after the word
"tax," as in the preceding paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On oil-dressed leather, a tax of five per cent, ad
vulo/ an.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On leather of all descriptions, tanned or partially
tanned, in the rough, a tax of five per cent, ad va-
lorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk road as follows:
On leather of all descriptions, eurried or finished,
atax offiveper cent, advahrem: Provided, That all
leather previously assessed in the rough and upon
which duties have been actually paid,shall be assessed
on the increased value only when curried or finished.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On wine made of grapes, a tax of five cents per
gallon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out this
paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the question is
taken upon that motion. I desire to move to
perfect the paragraph by inserting after the
word "wine" the words "further advanced
than juice or must."
Mi. McRCJER. I desire to oppose that
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it not better to strike
out the whole paragraph ?
Mr. McRUER. I am willing to have that
done.
The mction of Mr. Morrill was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to further amend
by adding the following proviso :
Peovided, That grape juice, or must, when sold im-
mediately from the vineyard to vintners, shall not be
taxed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Stevexs to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. STEVENS. This is one of those agri-
cultural products which I think it is the inter-
est of this country to encourage. It may be-
come a very ruling interest in some of our
States, especially in California and other States,
but it requires some encouragement. We get
but a small amount of revenue from this tax,
I believe some thirty-four thousand dollars
only. And yet this tax is quite an annoyance
to that interest, and I hope, therefore, this par-
agraph will be stricken out, and allow these
producers to go on for the present at least with-
out any tax until they get a foothold.
From what I have heard and read there is
no country in the world better calculated for
the production of grapes and wine than the
country npon the Pacific coast. And if we
give this interest the proper encouragement I
look for our native productions of wines to
take the place of those of Italy, France, and
Madeira. I hope, therefore, that for 'the pres-
ent we will not put our heavy hand upon this
infant lest it should become deformed.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs]
will not prevail. I think the amendments the
committee have already adopted ^U1 remove
all the just or legitimate complaints of vine-
growers in this country. We have provided
that wine shall not be taxed until it passes
from the hands of the grape-growers, if they
sell it in the form of juice or must. If it shall
be sold when it reaches the stage when it is
called wine, or when it has passed front the
condition of juice or must it is to be taxed.
Certainly there is no article upon which we can
more properly levy a tax. We are giving this
interest a great amount of encouragement.
We are levying extraordinary duties upon the
sale of beer, and upon spirits of all descrip-
tions, and I am perfectly willing, for one,
that we shall levy such import duties as shall
give the growers of grapes and manufacturers
of wines any amount of encouragement in the
home market for the sale of theirprodncts! But
it does seem to me that, when we levy a tax of
fifty cents or a dollar upon a gallon of foreign
wine, this small pittance of five cents a gallon
can be legitimately and properly borne by the
makers of wine in our own country. I think,
Mr. Chairman, that we have met in the propo-
sition as it now stands all just complaints on
this subject; and I may say that we have no
complaints whatever except from California.
In Ohio, a State producing probably half as
much wine as California, no objection is made
even to the existing form of the tax. There are
others of the western States which, I suppose,
are destined to become large producers of wines
from grapes.
Now, sir, it strikes me that there are no men
who can be more properly subjected to a tax
than those who buy this juice and must, and
manufacture it, selling the wine for the high
prices which we know they demand and obtain
throughout the country. I know that the wines
made in California and in other parts of our
own country are very pure, and are much more
desirable in many respects than foreign wines
now introduced into the country at a low rate
upon an ad valorem duty. For one, I am willing
to give our native wine all the protection that
it requires; but in order that we may do so, I
trust that no gentleman will come here and
claim that this article should be entirely exempt
from bearing any of our present grijat burden
of taxation.
To be sure, we received last year only about
thirty-four thousand dollars from this source.
But I suppose that the receipts of the Treasury
this year from this source will be very largely
increased. I have no douht that this year the
amount will be at least double the sum received
last year; and I expect that within a year or
two a very large revenue will be derived from
this source. I think we should not now set
the precedent that wine manufactured in this
country shall be entirely exempt from tax so
long as we impose a heavy tax upon all other
liquors and beverages.
Mr. BID WELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. No gentle-
man upon this floor is more anxious than I am
to seeourtaxationfalluponprecisely those arti-
cles which can best bear it. On this subject I
can only speak in regard to California. Un-
derstanding well, as I think I do, the condi-
tion of the wine-growing interest upon that
coast, I can say that the smallest tax that you
can impose upon the wine-growing interest in
California would be burdensome, tor the rea-
son that that interest has not yet attained a
self-sustaining position. Those in possession
of vineyards most advanced, those who are
manufacturing wines upon the largest scale,
are not doing it at a profit upon their invest-
ments. The reason is plain. They have to
contcnd there against many expenses which
are not encountered in other sections of the
country. In the first place, the cost of labor
is much higher. All materials out of which
are made the casks in which to keep this wine
must he imported from this side of the con-
tinent. It will not do to put the wines into
old casks, for wines spoil very quickly. When
a cask has been used for other liquors, it is
almost impossible to purify it sufficiently to
make it fit to.keep wine in.
Besides, it is impossible to draw the line of
distinction between the condition of the grape
juice in the form of must and the condition
in which you would call it wine. When it is
first expressed, it is grape juice or must, after
it is perfectly fermented it ceases to be must.
Butwhen does that fermentation cease? With
some kinds of wine it may cease in two years j
with other kinds it may not cease in five years.
So long as the wine contains impurities which
continue to be fermented and it requires to be
racked off and the cask purified, it is liable to
spoil upon your hands. It is not a wine that
you can pronounce a merchantable article, and
which should be taxed.
Let me make one further remark. Vineyards
in California are even now only in their infancy.
When a vineyard is planted, from four to ten
years must elapse before it even pays expenses,
much less produces any profit. Hence the
smallest tax which you may put upon that
interest must be onerous. In California last
year some seventeen thousand dollars of tax
was collected. Now, there are some five or
six revenue districts in that State, and the col-
lection of the revenue must require iu each
district perhaps two persons, each at a salary
of not less than $1,000 per annum. Hence
the revenue collected scarcely exceeded the
cost of collecting it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I will merely say, Mr.
Chairman, that we have by our legislation
largely increased the price of all descriptions
of domestic wines, and it appears to me no
more than fair that the Government should
derive some revenue from what is produced
here at home. I am not convinced that the
prosecution of this business throughout the
country is not one of the most profitable that
can be engaged in.
Mr. BIDWELL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HIG-BY. I renew it. I wish to draw
the attention of the chairman of the commit-
tee and of members of the House to a portion
of this bill. It is true we have not yet reached
it, but I have no doubt the chairman of the
committee and others will press its adoption
with the same tenacity that they have shown
in regard to so large a portion of this bill. On
page 164 of the bill I find this provision"
That on all wines, liquors, or compounds known
or denominated as wine, made in imitation of spark-
ling wine or champagne, and put up in bottles under
the label, name, designation, or similitude of any
imported wine, or wine of foreign growth or manu-
facture, or with the appearance or pretense of being
imported wine, or wine of foreign growth or manu-
facture, there shall be levied and paid a tax of six
