288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
question or that any party could be mad enough
to place itself in .the way as a barrier to the res-
toration of the Union. '
True, before Congress met we heard the dis-
tant rumblings of faction and discord—the njad
and crazy threats that the Union of our fathers
should not be restored to us; and that the fond
hopes of the heroic living and the" njartyred
dead should be blasted- forever But no one
then supposed that the malignant ravings of a
superannuated madman would beconjei the set-
tled policy of a triumphant party, :or that any
man would be permitted, for party purposes, to
tear open the closing wounds of a distracted
country, and to sow broad-cast again the seeds
of sectional hate and internecine war.
The. minority, stripped of all power, and by
the use of the .previous question almost de-
prived of voice on this floor, have been specta-
tors here rather than actors. Adhering to the
principles of the fathers, and desiring that lib-
erty and union under the Constitution should
be preserved and perpetuated, we sincerely
hoped that the majority would so deport them-
selves in this critical time in our country's des-
tiny, that we might bury or forget party and
party designations and all act together for the
preservation and happiness of our common
country. With this end in view, we hailed
with sincere pleasure the annual message of
the President; for although he was not the
President of our choice, we saw with transport
that the old landmarks of the Constitution
were still kept in view, and that the pilot at
the helm was attempting to steer our noble
ship of state into a haven of safety and pros-
perity. We hoped that the principles therein
enunciated wou.ld furnish a common platform
upon which all could stand, and around which
the people of the whole country could once
more rally as a band of brethren.
Without hesitation we gave to the President
a cordial and undeviating support upon his
avowed policy. In doing this we were con-
trolled solely by the dictates of an unselfish
patriotism. We have sought neither execu-
tive smiles nor the loaves and fishes of office,
upon which you have so long fed, and by means
of which your party has become so insolent
and domineering. We have avowed every-
where, publicly and privately, that wo neither
expected or desired any portion of the public
patronage. The President does not owe his
elevation to our voices, and in supporting him
we are discharging a simple duty to our coun-
try. In the effort to heal the wounds of a dis-
tracted country, we neither sought nor expected
any party advantage. Hoping that the great
majority of the Republican party here would
cordially cooperate in an effort to restore the
Union we cxpected to stand with you upon a
common platform, and without any reference
to the past to labor with you for the peace and
prosperity of our common country. And
even when these hopes were disappointed, all
must bear witness that we have borne our-
selves with courtesy and kindness toward our
fellow-members of all parties on this floor.
We have been met in this rSspect by the most
offensive deportment, and by insulting lan-
guage, almost daily used, that is by no fiieans
creditable to the House that has tolerated it.
Some super-valiant gentlemen have seemed to
court and expect the kicking their insolence so
richly merits, under the vain hope of increas-
ing their popularity at home by their self-sacri-
ficing martyrdom. But we could not afford at
this time to thus build up fading reputations,
and these lofty aspirations and bright hopes
must be doomed to disappointment. I freely
and gladly admit that this deportment has by
no means been universal, and that in the ranks
of the majority are many gentlemen who would
scorn to resort to such meretricious weapons
of warfare, and who regard such conduct as
injurious to the character of the House and
disgraceful to the country. To such gentlemen,
and to the masses of the party, I would be very
far from applying any language I may use here
in the way of condemnation.
The pretext for this offensive deportment is
as extraordinary as such conduct is reprehen-
sible. No one has dared, or will dare, to make
a personal charge against any gentleman on
this side of the House. No one can or will
intimate that any one of us has in any respect
been derelict in his duty as a member of society
or as a citizen- of our common country. The
sole pretext for this most reprehensible deport-
ment is that we of the minority are members
of the Democratic party. And gentlemen have
seemed to take it for granted' that a violation
of the Constitution of our country, a revolution
in the Government, civil strife, disunion, and
disintegration were all preferable to a restora-
tion to power of the Democratic party, and that
all these desperate measures might properly be
resorted to for the purpose of keeping the im-
maculate radicals in power. Members who
from their position should have been far above
such things, have not hesitated to drag before
this House and spread upon its records the
miserable worn-out garbage gathered from the
purlieus frequented by the dirtiest pot-house pol-
iticians. The epithets "copperheads," ''trai-
tors," "rebelsympathizers," "secessionists,"
and the like, have been dealt out day by day in all
possible forms and with every variety of decora-
tion. The charges on which these epithets are
based were originally false and contemptible,
and the dragging them here from the dirty ken-
nels where they originated can give them neither
dignity nor respectability.
In this style of oratory it is hoped that the
gentlemen who for a few years past have so
freely indulged in it will forever remain with-
out a successful rival. It requires neither edu-
cation, brains, nor decency, as is apparent from
the fact t,hat men who are desti^te of either
are generally the greatest proficients in it. A
parrot could cry out "traitor" and "copper-
head," and wpuld do so with quite as much
elegance and propriety as such gentlemen have
done. At the very commencement of this ses-
sion, in the opening speech on the Presidents
message, (and that, too, by the leader of the'
House,) the most offensive charges were in-
dulged in. And it was there urged,.as a reason
for depriving eleven States of representation,
and for indefinitely postponing a restoration of
the Union, that if southern representatives
were admitted the Democratic party would, at
the first election, get control of the Govern-
ment. And then, says the yenerable cory-
pheus:
, "T need not depict the ruin that would follow.
Assumption of the rebel debt or repudiation of the
Federal debt would be'sure to follow. The oppres-
sion of the freedraen, thereamendment of theirState
constitutions, and the reostablishment of slavery
would be the inevitable result."
And then the honorable gentleman closed by
hurling his choicest anathemas at .the "whole
coil of copperheads" who persisted in calling
ours, a "white man's Government." The
great leader having thus gallantly led off, all
the small-fry have joined in the exciting cry,_
and we have thus been regaled with some of
the most extraordinary eloquence known to
any country. One supervaliant and exceed-
ingly muscular gentleman could not join the
Union army and fight for the salvation of his
country for the reason that "he had to stay
at home to watch copperheads." The mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] com-
mences a speech on reconstruction with the
following choice sentences:
"It was to be expected thatthe measure nowhefore
the House would meet the opposition &nd denuncia-
tion of the unrepentant thirty-three of this body."
The gentlemen who have voted on all occasions
upon the rebel side of all questions that have been
before the country for six yefirs could hardly be ex-
pected to change their position at this time."
And the whole speech is continued and ended
in this spirit. Another distinguished gentle-
man of the Keystone State [Mr. Kelley] uses
language still more unjust and offensive. An-
other member, in language and bearing that
should not be tolerated in a deliberative body,
attempted to defeat an important financial bill
recommended by a Republican Secretary and
reported by a Republican committee of this
House, and urged as the chief ground of oppo-
sition that it was supported by the Democratic
side of the House. Another preeminently
eloquent gentleman characterizes the Demo-
cratic party as "the left wing of Jeff. Davis's
army."
But, Mr. Chairman, I cannot quote or even
allude to the one thousandth part of these
offensive imputations. They have been con-
tinued from day to day almost without inter-
mission. And I am certainly willing that these
gentlemen shall retain all the laurels they have
thus gathered around their prurient brows.
The object is evident. They hope by this sys-
tem of unscrupulous defamation to build up an
insuperable mountain of prejudice against all
who will not bow down to the Moloch of radi-.
calism, and thus to retain their greedy and
unholy grasp upon the Treasury.
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
But, sir, if they desire to fix the brand of
infamy on the Democratic party they must first
blot out the history and records of our country
for almost seventy years. By doing this you
would obliterate that which is most grand and
glorious in the history of our country. This
can never be done. The world will not per-
mit the memory of the past to perish. False-
hood and calumny may for a time dim the
effulgence of its glory, but as the sun, obscured
for a moment by a passing cloud, comes forth
more grandly brilliant and triumphant as it
marches across the trackless heavens, so will
it be with that grand old party whose founda-
tion is the Constitution of our country, and
whose mission is the preservation of the rights
and liberties of the people.
The Democratic party is of no, mushroom
growth, and was engendered neither by fanat-
icism nor bigotry, it was born with the Con-
stitution, and aftera protracted and bitter strug-
gle, at the very commencement of this century,
it hurled the old Federal party from place and
power, and, under the lead of Thomas Jefferson,
assumed the reins of Government; which it
retained with scarcely a real intermission for •
sixty years. And, sir, that sixty years of ad-
ministration will proudly bear comparison with
any other in the annals of the world. It came
into power in the very infancy of the Republic.
Underits auspices our country immediately took
up its grand and marvelous march to greatness
and glory; the wilderness was subdued and made
to put on the garb of civilization, the grand old
forest receded, beautiful villages, towns, and cit-
ies sprang up as if by magic all over the land,
and peace and prosperity brought gladness and
joy to every heart and hearthstone. Under its
auspices every acre of that vast domain that has
been added to the original limits of the Repub-
lic was acquired; and.under its fostering care
our pioneers took up and prosecuted their won-
derful westward march, carrying the arts and
sciences, civilization and progress, with them
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the
Lake of the Woods to the Rio Grande. Under
its guidance two great foreign wars were suc-
cessfully prosecuted and our flag and honor
vindicated without increasing perceptibly the
burdens of the people. Under its auspices our
people passed the barriers of the Rocky mount-
ains, took possession of the golden plains of
California, and reduced to subjection the Pa-
cific's dark blue waves. Under its care oui
flag whitened every sea, was kiased by every
wind under the whole heavens, and visited
every isle that gems the bosom of the ocean.
And, sir, during this wonderful career the
entire people, in peace and in war, were free.
