1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W89
man whether, if the committee should adopt
this provision, he and his friends who represent
western interests will vote for the bill.
Mr. KASSON. It will be a very strong in-
ducement for western members to vote for the
bill. I am not authorized to pledge them, but
I can say that without it we of the Northwest,
with the exception of the Representatives of one
State, shall vote almost unanimously against
the bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Will the gentleman
himself vote for the bill?-
Mr. KASSON. No ; there are some other
clauses on which I want votes before I vote for
the bill. I can only say that with the reduced
duty- 011 tea and coffee and a reduced rate on
railroad iron, there will bo a better opportunity
for the passage of the bill. But I rest the
amendment on the ground of naked right and
justice, on the ground of the actual necessity
that you impose no additional burdens on the
railroad interests of the West that are strag-
gling for existence and extension to-day more
than they have done for several years past.
These railroads must be extended or immigra-
tion and settlement will be retarded, and you-
will diminish the production of cereals and seri-
ously embarrass various interests in the "West.
I ask gentlemen, whether they have made up
their minds on the subject or not, t^atthey will
vote for the amendment here in committee so
as to enable us to get a vote upon it in the
House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose the gentleman
from Iowa has accomplished his purpose in
making his speech, but he probably was not
present when the amendment about railroad
iron was pending. It was the understanding
then that the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Wil-
son] was to move an amendment in the House,
and I have no doubt, from what I, hear from
various quarters of the House, that a compro-
mise will be made as to' the increase of the
duty on railroad iron.
Sir. KASSON. Will the chairman of the
Committee of Ways arid Means state precisely
what the arrangement was?
Mr. MORRILL. It was that the gentle-
man's colleague [Mr. Wilson] should have
an opportunity to move in the House such an
amendment as he desired.
Mr. KASSON. If that is the understanding
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I renew the amendment,
and I do it for the purpose of saying that I am
not at all surprised at the motion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, and it only^ confirms what
I have heretofore said upon this subject, that
he and other members of the Free-Trade League
in this country have made up their minds de-
liberately, instead of pursuing a course here
which shall be deemed consistent with the inter-
ests of American manufacturers and American
industry, to obey the behests and dictation of
British manufacturers and British capitalists.
A great clamor is raised about the tariff, and
not content with slating the facts of the case,
members here are misrepresented and enuncia-
tions are attributed to them for which there is
no authority. Now, I find myself reported in
the New York papers as having said the other
day that the railroad iron makers had made
no profits for three or four years.
Mr. Chairman, I said no such thing. I said
that for the last eighteen months the manufac-
turers of railroad iron in this country had made
no profits, and that to-day they could not com-
pete with the manufacturers of England. I am
reported also as having moved to place an in-
creased duty on railway frogs. Both these
charges are made upon me in the same report
and on the same day. I made no such motion.
And the comment is made upon it that I was
interested with other gentlemen here, and was
controlled by considerations of personal inter-
est in the legislation of the country.
Now, what I said was, and I repeat it, that
the manufacturers of railroad iron in this coun-
try cannot to-day compete with foreign man-
ufacturers. I said further that a committee had
been appointed by the Iron and Steel Associa-
tion of England to attend to the tariff of this
country. I caused to be read at the Clerk's
desk certain documents, and now, in confirma-
tion, I ask the Clerk to read the letter which I
send up.
The Clerk read as follows: „r
United States Consulate,
Toweb Boiliiino South, Watek Stkeet,
Liverpool, April 19, 1866.
Beae Sir: I inclose you the Parliamentary iHue
Book on Trade and Navigation. * * * *
Tliey are making great efforts on this side to repeal
our tariff and admit British goods free of duty. If
effort and money can accomplish it, yon may rest as-
sured that it will bo done. The work is to be done
through the agents of foreign houses in Boston and
New York. Their plan is to agitate in the western
States and tofoimfree-trade associationsallovertho
country.
If the peopre were oyer here, and could see one
half that I do, they would open their eyes. No stone j
will be left unturned to break down our manutac-1
tures. Sir Morton Peto has written a book to show '
that we arc only tit to grow produce, and that Ens- i
land should do our manufacturing. This book will |
be circulated by the thousands in the western States.!
Yours, &c„ THOMAS H. DUDLEY.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I now withdraw the
amendment.
- The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act all goods, wares, or mer-
chandise arriving at the ports of New York, Boston,
and Portland, or any other port of the United States
which may be specially designated by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and destined for places in the adja-
cent British Provinces, may be entered at the custom-
house and convoyed in transit through the territory
of the United States without the payment of duties,
under such rules, regulations, and conditions for the
protection of the revenue as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
Mr. THAYER. I do not wish to debate that
section, but I would like to know from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means what
benefit we are to derive from this, and what
consideration we are to get for this privilege.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending before the committee.
Mr. THAYER. Then I move to strike out
the section. I want to have some explanation
why we should give this privilege of transmit-
ting all goods from the Provinces over our ter-
ritory duty free. I do not understand it.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the gentleman must
understand it. If not, I think 1 can make him
understand it in a few -words. At the present
time a large amount of the grain and merchan-
dise that seeks transportation from the West to
the East, or from the eastern to the western
States, travels across more or less of the terri-
tory of the Canadian Provinces, taking the cars
from Buffalo to Windsor, opposite Detroit, or
taking the cars from Ogdensburg to Port Sarnia.
It is, in other words, a competition which the
West enjoys with our railroads and canals on
this side, and cheapens freights. And it is re-
garded as a very great convenience to the West
as well as to the East. It is not subject at the
present time to any law, but merely to a regula-
tion on the part of the Treasury Department.
It has been deemed advisable that some law
should be passed upon this subject. So far as
the benefit to the Canadas is concerned, they
only use a very small strip of our territory in
crossing from Portland to the Canada line. It
is really a reciprocal provision, and one that
should be allowed.
Mr. THAYER. I understand the gentleman
to say that we enjoy an equivalent privilege.
Mr. MORRILL. We do.
Mr. THAYER. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to strike out the
last word for the purpose of asking the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Morrill] if he has considered this sec-
tion in reference to the provision of the Con-
stitution which forbids the giving any prefer-
ence by regulations of commerce to one State
over another. It seems to me this section is
in contravention of that provision.
Mr. MORRILL. It is a general provision,
and does not in its terms apply to one State
more than another. And although one State
may derive more benefit from it than another,
the provision itself is a general one.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 21. And he it further enacted. That imported
goods, wares, or merchandise in bond, or doty paid,
and products or manufactures of tbc United States,
may, with the consent of the proper authorities of
the Provinces aforesaid, be transported from one port
or place in the United States to another port or place
therein, over the territory of said Provinces, by .such
routes, and under such rules, regulations, and con-
ditions, as tho Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe.: Provided, That the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise so transported shall, upon arrival in the
United States from the Provinces aforesaid, be treated
in regard to the liability tu or exemption from duty,
or tax, as if the transportation had taken place en-
tirely within the limits of the United States..
No amendment was offered.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section :
And be.it further enacted. That whenever it shall be
shown to the satisfaction of th e Secretary of the Treas-
ury that more moneys have been paid'to the collect-
ors of customs, or others acting as such, than the law
requires should have been paid, and where the par-
ties have failed to comply with the requirements of
the foui teenth and fifteenth sections of an oe t entitled
"An act to increase dirties on imports and for other
purposes," approved June30,1864, it shall be the duty
ot the Secretary of the Treasury to draw his warrant
upon tho Troasurer in favor of the person or persons
entitled to the overpayment, directing the said Treas-
urer to refund thesameout of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated: Provided, It shall be
made manifest to the Secretary of the Treasury that
said non-compliance with the requirements of tho
above laws was owing to circumstances beyond the
control of the importer, assignee, or agent making
said payment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the dutynow levied
by Jaw on gunny-bags or sacks shall be paid on such
bags or sacks whether they are imported empty or
containing merchandise.
I offer this in conformity with the spirit and
meaning of the law as it now stands.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted, for this reason: we have
made a very heavy discrimination against
gunny-bags in the importation of salt in sacks,
giving ample protection. We have raised the
duty on linseed, as I think, so that none will
hereafter be imported, as oil will now come in
lieu of it. I do not think it necessary to say
anything further to show that this amendment
should not be adopted.
Tke amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted. That thfs act shall
take eftect, cxcept wherein otherwise provided, on
the — day of , 1860, and all acts and parts of acts
repugnant to the provisions of this act be, and the
same are hereby, repealed: Provided, That the exist-
ing laws shall extend to and be in force for the col-
lection of the duties imposed by this act, for the pros-
ecution and punishment of all offenses, and for the
recovery, collection, distribution, and remission of
all fines, penalties, and foifeitures, asfullyand effect-
ually as if every regulation, penalty, forfeiture, pro-
vision, clause, matter, and thing to that effect in th©
existing laws contained had been inserted in and re-
enacted by this act: And provided further. That the
duties upon all goods, wares, and merchandise im-
ported from foreign countries, not provided for in
this act, shall be and remain as they weie according
to existing laws, prior to the 1st of June, 1866.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the sec-
tion just read by inserting in the first blank
the word 16 first" and in the second blank the
word "August," so as to read " the 1st day of
August."
Mr. McRUER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting "the 1st day of October.^'
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move, pro forma, to
amend by striking out "sixty-six" and insert-
ing "seventy." I make this motion simply for
the purpose of saying that I apa opposed to this
entire bill. I presume that no opportunity will
be afforded, either in the Committee of the
Whole or in the House, for a full discussion of
this question. Hence I take the opportunity
now to ask the privilege of having printed as a
part of the debates a statement of m^ objec-
tions to this measure.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objection, and permission is granted.
Mr- HALE. I rise to a question of order.
