1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2731
a tax as one dollar a gallon on this kind of
liquor. The law will, undoubtedly, be evaded
to some extent. Bat wherever it is possible
to collcct the tax of fifty cents a gallon, it
seems to me it will bo equally possible to col-
lect a tax of one dollar a gallon. In the hands
of vigilant and faithful officers the tax will be
collected. And as well for the purpose of
revenue as for the purpose of discouraging the
manufacture of this kind of liquor, I hope this
amendment will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust this amendment
will not prevail, because we propose to derive
some revenue under this provision. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] should prevail, this provision will
prove utterly nugatory as an enactment, for
we shall not collect a single dollar under it.
All that cartics have to do, in order to make
these \vin<#, is to obtain the receipts, which
every gentleman here has doubtless seen in
temperance tracts and papers. Any business
man who has whisky can make these wines,
because the other materials are easily procured.
They are easily mixed and easily rectified. The
process requires no machinery, and the fact is
easily concealed. We already tax the article
of chi#f cost, in the form of whisky or spirits, a
heavypercentage—two dollars a gallon. Now,
if the committee is in favor of collecting any
revenue at all upon this article, I hope the
amendment as now proposed will not prevail.
I am as ready as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] to concede that these are vil-
lainous compounds. But I know that at the
present time, instead of being made in this
country, they are made abroad. Parties have
moved their establishments into foreign coun-
tries where they can obtain whisky or alcohol at a
much less price, and where they can manufacture
these cheap wines and send them here at a less
price than the duty which the gentleman pro-
poses to place in the internal revenue bill. For
instance, our tariff law imposes upon wines
worth fifty cents or less a gallon a duty of
twenty-five cents a gallon and twentyper cent.
ad valorem. • These wines can, therefore, be
made abroad, and pay the duty here, and then
be sold for less than a dollar per gallon. These
articles can be manufactured in France or in
Germany, and sent here at less than a dollar
a gallon.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. We can provide
for all that by a new tariff.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by striking
out ''one" in line two thousand and ninety-
two and inserting in lieu thereof the word
'•'five;" so that the clause will read:
Shall, upon conviction thereof, he subject to apen-
alty of 8500 or to imprisonment not exceeding two
years, at the discretion of the court.
I will state my reason for offering this amend-
ment. I see that the term of imprisonment
authorized under this section is two years.
Now, if the fine were increased to $500, I
think that the court would in most cases impose
the fine rather than the imprisonment; and I
believe it would be wiser.
Mr. MORRILL. I see no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cloth and all textile or knitted or felted articles
or fabrics of cotton, wool, or other materials, before
tho same has been dyed, printed, or bleached, and
on all cloth painted, enameled, shirred, tarred, var-
nished, or oiled, a tax of five per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On thread, a tax of fivo per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "thread" the words "and
twine."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On articles of clothing manufactured or produced
for sale by weaving, knitting, or felting; on hats,
bonnets, and hoop-skirts; on articles manufactured
or produced for sale as constituent parts of clothing,
or for trimming or ornamenting the same, and on
articlesof wearing apparel manulactured or produced
for sale from India rubber, gutta-percha, or paper,
or from fur, or fur skins dressed with tho fur on, a
tax of five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line twenty-one hundred and six the
words " or paper."
Mr. GARFIELD. When the Committee of
Ways and Means agreed to recommend this
amendment, the facts relating to the matter
were not as fully stated, I believe, as they should
have been, or the amendment would not have
been recommended. The object in striking
out the words " or paper " was to exempt paper
collars from this ad valorem tax of five per
cent. Since the action of the committee on
this subject, I have learned that paper collars
are manufactured by one very large establish-
ment which has a monopoly of the manufac-
ture, and there are very few things in the whole
country that can bear the burden of a tax better
than a manufacture of that sort. I think, there-
fore, that the amendment should not be agreed
to. The object of the committee, in agreeing
to present the amendment, was to help the
manufacturers of paper collars ; but I believe
the amendment would not have been recom-
mended had the committee known that these
collars are manufactured by a monopoly that
has the control of this entire business.
Mr. LAFLIN. The fact, as I understand, is
not, as the gentleman asserts, that the manu-
facture of paper collars has become a monop-
oly. The truth, asl understand, is that there
are two or three or perhaps seven or eight con-
cerns that claim to possess exclusively a certain
patent for the manufacture of paper collars.
Forty or fifty other establishments, represent-
ing a very large interest, are acting against
those concerns. The competition has reached
such a point that it is now almost within the
power of this monopoly to destroy the other
establishments. It is the interest of this com-
bination or monopoly that this tax should be
levied, since it would give them the power to
crush all competition.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out in lines twenty-one
hundred and one and twenty-one hundred and
two, the words, " hats, bonnets, and." I make [
this motion that I may move hereafter to in- i
sert these articles in the paragraph with ready- I
made clothing, gloves, mittens, &c., which are |
subjected to a tax of one per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. I feel compelled to oppose
this amendment; for if the tax on these arti-
cles should be reduced, or if they should be
exempted, it will cause a very large reduction
of the revenue. Every man wears a hat; every
woman wears a bonnet. Of course, therefore,
the amount of business in these articles is im-
mense ; and they are articles which can bear
this tax as well as anything else. A hat that
sells for ten dollars would not sell at any lower
price, if we should take off the tax. Then
there is a large and very profitable trade in braid
and straw bonnets. If the tax on these should
be reduced, it would largely diminish the reve-
nue. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
will not prevail.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On boots and shoes, a tax of two per cent, ad valo- 1
rem ; to be paid by every person making, manufac- I
turing, or producing for sale boots and shoes, or '
furnishing tho materials or any part thereof, and i
employing others to make, manufacture, or produce ,
them: Provided, That any boot or shoe-maker mak- :
ing boots or shoes to urdei as custom work only, and i
not for general sale, and whosework, exclusive of the ]
materials, does not exceed annually in value §1,000 i
shall be exempt from this tax. j
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr. 1
Chairman, I move to amend by striking out in i
line twenty-one hundred and sixteen the word j
" one" and inserting in lieu thereof the word ;
"two;" so that the clause will rend: |
Provided, That any boot or shoe maker making i
boots or shoes to order as custom work only, and not ;
for general sale, and whose work, exclusive of the ■■
materials, does not exceed annually in value $2,000 !
shall be exempt from this tax. I
The Committee of Ways and Mean? have
very wisely, in my judgment, sought to exempt
from taxation those shoe-makers who do asmall
amount of business. I think, however, they
have not carried this exemption far enough.
There are, I am informed, many of these people
who do a business the work of which amounts
to §1,500 or $2,000 annually. I hope, there-
fore, that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means will assent to my amend-
ment. Although it may seem a small matter,
it is a very important matter to these small
shoe-makers.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot consent to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. If gentlemen will examine this para-
graph they will find that this tax applies only
to work, exclusive of all materials. A shoe-
maker or boot-maker doing work for custom
purposes solely must be a very diligent man
if he makes more than $1>000 worth of work
annually, exclusive of materials. Besides, the
committee will observe that we have reduced
the tax upon these articles from six per cent,
to two per cent. Hence the amount of tax is
very small under any circumstances. I trust
the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out in line
twenty-one hundred and eight the word '' two''
and insert in lieu thereof the word "five so
that the clause will read:
On boots and shoes a tax of five per cent, ad va-
lorem.
Also by striking out in line twenty-one hun-
dred and fourteen to twenty-one hundred and
sixteen, the following words:
And whose work, exclusive of Hie materials, does
not exceed annually in value $1,000, shall be exempt
from this tax.
This amendment will accomplish in part the
same object which is sought by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania in his motion. If "two"
be stricken out and "five" inserted we shall
adopt in this paragraph the same rate of taxa-
tion which is applied to manufacturers in the
previous paragraph.
Then as to the second branch of my amend-
ment, 1 will say that those who manufacture
boots and shoes for customers alone, even in
our small towns in the western country, cer-
tainly manufacture everyyear more than $1,000
worth of boots and shoes.
Mr. MORRILL. Not exclusive of material.
Mr. LE BLOND. I think so.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no!
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 think the work itself
will amount to more than $1-000 even among
the small shoe-makers throughout our country.
Certainly the shoe-makers are a class of per-
sons who above all others ought to be exempt
from any taxation. 1 hope that the entire par-
agraph will be stricken out. That will exempt
the shoe-makers altogether.
The CHAIRMAN. Neither of the gentle-
men's amendments is germane to the amend
ment; and therefore neither is in order now.
Mr. MORRILL. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment by inserting "$1,500"
instead of "$2,000."
If the amendment proposed by either the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
or the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Bi.ond]
prevails it would amount to a total exemption
of the business of boot and shoe making. I
suppose that the gentleman from Ohio may
not be aware of the manner in which this busi-
ness is done. Should his amendment prevail
we should have no work but eusiom work.
The men who are engaged in this business
would employ every shoe-maker and boot-
maker in the countiy to make their custom
work to the full amount that they would be
allowed to make under the law free of tax.
The boss manufacturers would buy the work
of their journeymen and we should get no
revenue.' Therefore I hope the amendment
will be rejected and that the paragraph will
be allowed to stand as it is.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do
not think my proposition is an unreasonable
