1866.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
these registers, whether they do or do not re-
side _within the election district, are in fact
officers of the law until you turn them out, and
their acts as to third persons are legal.
If a person who is disqualified under the con-
stitution of a State to hold the office of judge
by reason of non-age, alienage, or any other
disqualification be appointed and commis-
sioned as judge, his adjudications are valid to
all intents and purposes until he is ousted.
Suppose that the law requires that the judge
shall be a resident of a particular circuit, and
suppose that a person not a resident of that
circuit is appointed and commissioned and en-
ters upon the discharge of his duties, I ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] whether, in a collateral proceeding, the
decisions of that judge can be questioned be-
cause of his disqualification? The gentleman
concedes that they cannot. Then I ask whether,
in a collateral proceeding, the acts of these re-
gisters can be questioned on the ground that
they were not residents of a particular district.
Then, again, if they were not all present all of
the time, they did all of them certify to the
registry, and that was their judgment. Suppose
their clerk was not sworn, that amounts to
nothing. Can you question the judgment of a
court because the clerk who keeps the record
was nol properly sworn or qualified? And if
some names were entered upon the registry
who were not voters, docs that vitiate the re-
gistry? If so, you will never have a legal
register made, for it is human to err.
It seems to me not. I may be wrong. If I
am right, however, in this regard, then this
question whether they were residents of the
district or not cuts hut a small figure in this
case, and it is unnecessary that the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfiki.d]
should be adopted to send the committee back
to inquire what, is the practice there. T believe
the Slate of New York has since that election
provided that registers may not be residents
of the election district, but shall he residents
of the assembly district, thus showing the
people of New York do not regard it as im-
portant that the registers should be actual res-
idents of the election district.
Well, sir, it is claimed in reference to the
fifteenth district—I am now speaking of the re-
port s, and not the charges, because the charges
are so confused that it would be difficult, to
make an issue upon them—it is claimed by ihe
report that frauds were perpetrated in receiv-
ing votes at the polls. The only witness re-
ferred to in the majority report to sustain this
charge was Dean and another, both of whose
depositions have been ruled out by this com-
mittee. Then there is no proof in this case oil
behalf of the contestant that there was any
fraud.
It is claimed that the fact of so many more
votes being polled in this precinct than were
polled the year before is evidence of fraud, yet
the testimony shows that at the next registra-
tion of voters there were over and above this
very poll some two hundred legal voteis, show-
iug'that the next year there were two hundred
moie \oteis than voted at the election under
consideration. It seem* to me that is sufficient
to dispose of that point.
The committee, however, say that the pitting
member has, by witnesses introduced by him-
self, shown that men voted in this precinct who
were not legal and qualified voters. 1 do not
so consider the testimony. All I can make
out of it is that a presumption is raised that
some men voted in this district who were not
legal voters. Indeed, it is hardly a presump-
tion, but it is a kind of probability from nega-
tive testimony. Witnesses swearing, when
called upon to designate and identify voteis,
that such and such voters they could not iden-
tify. They failed to identify some of the voters,
and that is all. It raises scarcely a presump-
tion. There may have been illegal votes polled
at that election.
Now, 1 might stop here. If the House comes
to the conclusion that the returns of this elec-
tion district should not be discarded, it cuds the
question; for even if you discard the other, it
leaves Mr. Brooks a plurality and entitled to
his seat. Therefore, I will take up but little
time in discussing the other.
I believe, sir, there is no complaint made
that the registration was not fair. The charge
with reference to the seventh district by the
contestant is, " that sundry persons voted for
Brooks not legal voters, to wit, one hundred
and upward." He offers to sustain this by
two witnesses. A portion of the testimony has
been read by the Clerk at the suggestion of my
colleague, [Mr. Maksiiall.] I refer to thetes-
timony of Stephen Geoghegan. The majority
of the committee, while saying in their report
that this man was particeps criminis,' and by
his own confession so much of a rascal that his
testimony should not be regarded as worthy of
credit, still throughout the report constantly
refer to his testimony. I have read this testi-
mony over, a most nauseous dose. Ho is a
man covered over with filth and rascality from
head to foot; a man who lias shown himself
to be a rascal all the way from Now Orleans
to New York; a notorious fighter, liar, and
rascal.
While my friends are talking about Dem-
ocratic inspectors at this election, they should
bear in mind that the majority of the registers
and inspectors and a majority of the clerks
were nol Democrats, and to "give the devil his
due." If there was fraud committed at this
election by the registers or inspectors it was
perpetrated by our own and not by the other
party.
1 understand that the State of New York
adopts a rule something like this—and it is a
very good one, and one that 1 would recom-
mend to my colleague from the Chicago district,
[Mr. WiMTWOttin.] In a strong Democratic,
district they put in a majority of officers of the
Republican party, and in a strong Republican
disti iet they put in a majority of the Democratic
party; thus setting men of the opposition party
to watch the polls.
So it was in this election ; and if frauds
were perpetrated they were perpetrated by re-
gisters and inspectors of the party in the minor-
ity in that district.
But in this case I understand that Mr. Brooks
had no party, that, the officers were none of
them Brooks men, but all Barr and Dodge
men. Mr. Brooks was running as an inde-
pendent candidate.
Under the laws of the State of New York,
votes are not necessarily received at the poll
because they are registered. A man is just as
liable to have his vote challenged there as in
Stales where there is no registry. Challengers
attend the polls as elsewhere—that is, outside
challengers, and not inspectors merely—and
they have the same right as if there were no
registry.
I was commenting on the testimony of this
man Geoghegan. He swears that the reason
why he trumped up this story—for the pre-
sumption is that anything he said was a lie ;
he admits he told the voters lies, and that he
ran the risk of the penitentiary in carrying
on this business—ho swears that the reason
why he became informant and witness in this
ease was, that he kept open shop on the day of
election for certain individuals, not, at their re-
quest, but, because he look it into his head to
do so, and that Mr. Stewart, who was running
for city judge on the Republican ticket, had
come around and settled the bill, but that Mr.
Brooks had not the manliness to come to his
shop the next day and pay his bill. He thought
that was not "honor between gentlemen!"
" He could not buy his goods for nothing"—
meaning his whisky—and when he spent his
goods—still meaning whisky—at the polls on
election day, honor required that the candidate
for whom he treated should come around the
next day and pay up. Mr. Brooks did not do
that, and so when he found Myers going about
the district to ascertain the residences of voters
in behalf of Mr. Dodge, Geogln-gan tells him
this storv, ami is then produced as a witness
in behalf of the contestant in the case.
Mr. GE1NNBLL,, I.would like to'^skthe
gentleman a question. ■
Mr. FARNSWORTH. • I will hear it. /-
Mr. GRINNELL. I would like'to know
whether the gentleman is now arguing on the
presumption that in every district of the city
of New York the drinking establishments of.
the lowest kind is preengaged on the part of
the Democracy on every election. ■
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well,.as to that, I
do not know as much, perhaps, as the gentle-
man, who says he has lived in the eity of New
York. I am inclined to thinkj however, that
if the fact was known it would be found that
while most of the'whisky shops are engaged by
the Democrats, the Republicans have an equal
share at least in the lager beer saloons.
Another witness introduced by the contest-
ant is Myers. It seems that this man had been
a deputy provost marshal in New York, and
he went about the district asking if A, B, G,
and D lived in this Or that shanty, or at this
or that place. It appears from the testimony
of one Tracy, who was, I believe, one of the
inspectors or canvassers, that he (Tracy) fol-
lowed Myers about, and that he ascertained
that the people in the district were afraid'
when Myers came around inquiring where
they lived that ho was after them for the draft.
So when lie inquired of a woman, for instance,
whether Tom McLaughlin lived there she said,
" No ; Tom has been dead these two years."
But when Tracy came around, afterward, they
explained why they misled Myers, that know-
ing him to be a deputy marshal they wore
afraid he was after drafting them.
It appears from the testimony of Tracy, who
was an old resident in the district, having lived
there upward of twenty years, that a very large
number of those whom Myeis could not find,
and who he swore did not reside in the district,
were found and identified by Tracy. One
swears negatively that he could not find them,
and the other positively that he did find them.
In many cases Myers's list was imperfect;
he had got the names wrongly spelt, and in some
instances he had the wrong number and wrong
street. Tracy corrected this, and found the
men that Myers could not. 1 do not say that
Hie evidence shows that Tracy found every-
body, but it does show that he found many of
the "men that Myers swears did not live in the
district. This simply leaves in the case of this
district, as in the case of the fifteenth district,
a presumption more or less strong that there
were some men who voted at that election who
were not qualified.
I do not understand that a single witness
whose name appeared on the poll-list came
before the officers in this case and swore that
he was not a voter. I do not understand that
anybody who attended that election, with the
exception of Geoghegan, swears that he saw
any one vote who was not a voter. 1 think he
is the otvly witness who swears that anybody
voted who was not entitled to vote. But he
swears at wholesale. He says, when asked
how many of those illegal voters voted for Mr.
Brooks, "I guess, may be, I reckon about 30."
And in answer to the very next interrogatory
he swears positively that there were 30, and
that he gave many o'f them tickets. And again,
shortly afterward, he swears that he gave them
all tickets to vote.
And yet the majority of this committee in
their report are constantly referring to the 30
illetral ballots in that district as traced to the
vote for Brooks. After admitting that this
man is not worthy of credit, they talk about
subtracting these 30 votes from the majority '
for Mr. Brooks, when there is no corroborating
evidence or circumstance, nothing but the bare
statement of this miserable fellow upon which
to base the fact. Now, sir, I want to know if
it becomes the House of Representatives to
unseat a member upon such testimony as this.
But I will not detain the House longer.
There is a great mass of testimony in this ease
which I have not read. I have read the testi-
mony referred to in the report, and a portion
of the rest. That is all that I supposed neces-
