m2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
goods, to insert a clause suck as that which
'was suggested by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. JRice.] • •
Mr. MORRILL. .Certainly. .
Mr. THAYER.' I see no need, then, of the
amendment of. the gentleman from Illinois.
' The amendment of Mr. McRuer was not
agreed to, there being—ayes 40, noes G7-
The amendment of Mr. Rice, of Massachu-
setts, as amended on the motion of Mr. Wase-
StjRNB, of Illinois, was agreed to.
Mr. RICE,"o£ Massachusetts. I move to
amend by adding the following as an addi-
tional proviso:
And provided further. That all goods, wares, and
merchandise actually on ship-board and bound to the
United States when this act shall take effect, from
ports beyond the Cape of Good Hope and from be-
yond Cape Horn, shall be subject to the same con-
ditions and rafes of duty which were applicable to
said good?, wares, and merchandise at the time of the
passage of this act.
Mr. Chairman, the action which the com-
mittee has just taken has, I presume, indi-
cated definitely the purpose of the House with
reference to imposing duties upon goods inbond.
I take it to be indicative also of the temper of
the committee in relation to imposing duties
upon goojs on ship-board from foreign ports
near to the United States. But I wish,, if pos-
sible, to impress upon the committee the pro-
priety and justice of at least making a distinc-
tion in favor of long-voyage goods—those that
come from jiorts beyond Cape Horn or beyond
the Cape ot Good Hope. It requires many
months of time to enable the merchants to send
out orders for these goods to the Indies and to
remote parts, to gather the goods and ship
them, and to give sufficient time for the ships
to arrive. It is often the,case that goods im-
ported on these long voyages, and 1 may say
perhaps such is the custom, are sold to arrive.
Therefore, while such goods are on the voyage
of importation if Congress changes the law fix-
ing the higher duties npon them, the excess
must necessarily fall on the importer without
any possible remedy in his hands.
Sir, I am informed* that w.hen the last law
was passed making new duties applicable im-
mediately and without notice*to this class of
merchandise, one merchant living in the dis-
trict which I have the honor to represent, had
goods on the way, and his vessels were due at
the port of Boston at a time antecedent to the
law taking effect^ but owing to adverse winds
his vessels were delayed and did not arrive
until after the new law went into operation ;
the consequence was that his goods being sold
to arrive, m that single instance the loss which
fell upon the importer amounted to more than
sixty thousand dollars, for which he had no
remedy. I appeal to the justice of the House
not to pass a law making a provision here in
relation to the revenue of the country which
it is impossible for the merchants to comply
with. They must hav« a certain length of time
in which to send out their orders for this kind
of merchandise. They ought to be permitted
to rely upon the good faith of the Government,
without disappointment, and to find.its legis-
lation so fixed and stable as to render it safe
for the merchant acting under the laws of his'
country to send out orders, trusting those laws
will not be changed before he can get his re-
turns.
I agree in„almost everything said by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] that what
we want to make the industry and commerce
of the country prosperous is stable legislation.
Even if we cannot make the laws regulating
trade as right as we would like them, still we
ought not be so perpetually changing them as
that business men can have no confidence in
their stability.
SHere the hammer fell.]
Ir. ALLISON. I think that this will oper-
ate unjustly on the very class of men the gen-
tleman wants to protect. We have reduced the
duty on tea and .coffee, and under the gentle-
man's provision these merchants will not have
the benefit of that reduction.
RICE,. q£ Massachusetts. I presume
the gentleman wants an answer. It is con-
tained in the amendment I offer, that the rates
existing and "applicable to these goods shall
take effect if it be necessary for the principle
whether above or below those provided in this
bill. If a merchant sent out orders expecting
to pay twenty-five cents per pound on tea, let
that be the duty collected when it arrives in
preference to establishing the principle that
the duties may be increased without notice.
Mr. ALLISON. I think it is unjust to the
merchant where the duty has been reduced.
Where the duty has been increased the im-
porter will, of course, charge it "upon the con-
sumer. They do that, at least, in every in-
stance. Therefore I believe in the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbuem] and adopted by the committee.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, becajise if we reduce
the rate of duty on particular articles it seems
to me we ought not to impose the highest rate
of duty on the importer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes twenty-four," noes not counted.
Mr. BICE, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers wei-e not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to insert the
following as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Treasury be authorized and directed to suspend
the collection of the direct tax imposed by act of
Congress passed August 5,1861, entitled "An act to
provide increased revenue from imports to pay inter-
est on the public debt, and for other purposes," until
January 1,1868.
Mr. Chairman, I have only to say it can as
well be understood by others as myself that
the operation of collecting what remains un-
collected of the direct tax in the rebel States
operates more harshly upon our friends than
our enemies. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts will be
adopted. It seems to me that we can have
hardly any better measure of reconstruction
than the one that he has proposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I now offer the following as
an additional section to the bill: •
And he it further enacted. That the provisions made
in this actfor the benefit of the Alabama and Flor-
ida Railroad Company be extended to all railroad
companies in the United States and Territories.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment differs in no
respect from the amendment already voted on
by ihe House. That amendment excluded from
its operation the State of Pennsylvania, which
was a very good reason why the House should
not favor it, but how that odious discrimina-
tion against one of the largest States of the
Union having been removed, and the provision
being entirely fair, I trust it will be adopted
unanimously by the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to.
- So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
thomas glasgow. •
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, it was or-
dered that the petition of citizens of the State
of Tennessee, praying for the allowance of an
invalid pension to Thomas Glasgow, a soldier
in the war of 1812, be withdrawn from the files
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foeney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 367) entitled "An act to
extend the time of letters-patent issued -to
Thaddeus Hyatt," in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
tariff bill—again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order, with the exception
of the last section, .be closed in one minute
after the committee shall resume the consid-
eration of the same..
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the 'Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scopield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. We have already voted on
the amendment of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, and I trust it will be again vot£d down.
The question was taken upon Mr. 'Paine's
amendment; and there were—ayes 46, noes 75.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. AMES. I offer the following as a new
section:
1 And be it further enacted, That from and after the
passage of this act there snail be allowed on the fol-
lowing articles when exported a drawback equal to
the amount of duties paid on th'e imported materials
used in theroanufacture thereof less live per cent, on
the amount of such drawback, which shall be retained
for the use of the United States, and such drawback
shall be ascertained in accordance with regulations
to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
namely: on mowing-machines, reaping-machines,
plows, axes, hatchets, scythes, cotton-gins, shovels,
spades, hoes, hay and manure forks, ehisels, augers,
and carpenters' tools.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 53, noes 42.
Mr. McRUBR. In accordance with the
understanding some time since, I propose to
amend section six on page 28 by striking out
in line twenty-seven the words ''on and" and
inserting in lieu thereof "shipped;" so that
the clause will read, " and any wines, brandies,
or other spirituous liquors imported," shipped
after the 1st day of October, 186C, in any less
quantities than herein provided for shall be
forfeited to the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be established in and attached to the Department of
the Treasury a bureau to be styled the Bureau of
Statistics, and the Secretaryofthe Treasury is hereby
authorized to appoint a Director to superintend and
conduct the business of said bureau, who shall be paid
an annual salary of $3,500. And it shall be the duty
of the Director of the Bureau of Statistics to prepare
the report on the statistics of commerce! and naviga-
tion, exports and imports, now required by law to be
submitted annually to Congress by the Secretary.of
the Treasury; andsaid report, embracing thereturns
of the commerce and navigation, the exports and
imports of the United States to the close of the fiscal
year, shall be submitted to Congress in a printed
form on or before the 1st day of December next suc-
ceeding ; and the said Director, as soon as practicable
after the organization of this office, shall, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, prepare
and publish monthly reports of the exports and im-
ports of the United States, including the quantities
and values of goods warehoused or withdrawn from
warehouse, and such other statistics relative to the
trade and industry of the country as the Secretary
of the Treasury may consider expedient. And the
Director of the Bureau of Statistics shall also prepare
an annual statement of all vessels registered, en-
rolled, and licensed under the laws of the United
States, together with the name and tonnage of each
vessel, the class to which she belongs, as to build and
rigging, the name of her home port, and such other
information as the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem proper to embody therein; and to enable the
said Director to furnish the information required, the
Secretaiy of the Treasury shall have power, under
such regulations as he shall prescribe, to establish
and provide a system of numbering all vessels so
registered, enrolled, and licensed; and each vessel
so numbered shall have her number deeply carved
or otherwise permanently marked on her main beam ;
and if .at any time she shall cease to be so marked,
such vessel .shall be no longer recognized as a vessel
of the Uaited States. The said Director shall also
prepare an annual statement of all merchandise
passing in transit through the United States to for-
