1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, April 5,
sary. I have not examined particularly the
testimbny in regard to the other precincts that
are referred to, because the chaiges are not
sustained in reference to them.
1 will, however, mention the counter-charge
of the sitting member with reference to one of
the other prccincts. The proof shows that in
another district where Dodge received a large
majority, the canvassers, before they had com-
pleted their work, left the canvassers' room,
went across the street for refreshments, and
were gone about an hour, leaving the ballots
lying on the table and persons present about
the room. I am inclined to think that if we
had had a fact like that occurring in a district
that gave a majority for Brooks, my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] would have
used it with terrible effect. There is no proof
that there was any tampering with the votes in
the absence of the canvassers, or that any of
the ballots were stolen or missing. Nobody
charges any such thing. But common prudence
requires that the canvassers shall not leave their
ballots lying about loosely on the table with
persons present in the room while they go away.
It furnishes an opportunity for tampering with
the vote, for stuffing the ballot-boxes, and for
adding or subtracting ballots. I do not pretend
that there was any such thing done in that case.
I only statu the fact and say that if such a thing
had occurred in one of the districts where Brooks
had a large majority,"we should have heard the
voice of I he eloquentcliuirmau of the commit-
tee [Mr. Dawes] ringing in denunciation of so
gross a violation of the duty of canvassers.
Let us do in this case as I hope we do in
every other case. I shall certainly try to do
my duty in the light of whatever information I
may obtain in these ca'ses, whether a man is
politically my friend or my foe, whether he
votes with me or against me. So far as per-
sons are concerned I shall act blindly in regard
to all such considerations. I shall act pre-
cisely as 1 would if I were sitting upon the
bench as a judge, and was called upon to de-
cide a case between a Republican and a Dem-
ocrat who appeared before me as parties liti-
gant. It is none of my business what their
polities are. And if 1 could admit for a mo-
ment that my judgment would be warped from
what my conscience tells mo my duty is in the
case, 1 .should blush from the crown of my head
to my heels.
Kow, considering all these facts, I am of the
opinion tliat, a case is not made out here which
jnsfuie.s the House in unseating the sitting
member and putting (he contestant in his place.
Mr. iSJIliijIjABAJkGEH obtained the floor.
DIRECT TAXES IX SOUTIIHRX STATUS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, dated22d ultimo, together
with a letter addressed to him by the Governor
of Alabama, asking that the State of Alabama
may be allowed to assume and pay in State
bonds the direct taxes now duo from that State
to the United States; or that delay of payment
may be authorized until the State can by the
sale of its bonds or by taxation make provision
for the liquidation ofits indebtedness.
I concur in the opinio . of the Secretary of
the 'Treasury that it is desirable that the State
of Alabama and the other southern States should
be allowed to assume and pay their proportion
of the direct taxes now due. and therefore rec-
ommend the necessary legislation by Congress.
ANDREW JOHNSON".
Washington, D. C., April 3, I860.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the message and accompanying documents
be printed and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
HOLDING,AN EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the evening session for to-day be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foejtey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. No.
58) respecting the burial of soldiers who died
in the military service of the United States
during the rebellion, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. NIBLACK, leave of ab-
sence for two weeks was granted to his col-
league, Mr. Kerr.
KANSAS LAND-GRANT RAILROAD.
Mr.- LOAN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shei.labarger] yield to me f£r a few
moments?
Mr. SHELLABARGBR. I will.
Mr. LOAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad to report back
Senate bill No. 144, for a grant of lands m the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the northern Kansas railroad and telegraph,
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute. I move that the same be printed and
recommitted to the Committee on the Pacitic
Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill and sub-
stitute were recommitted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE—AGAIN.
Mr. SITELLABARGER resumed the floor;
but yielded to
Mr. DAVIS, who moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. If it is the desire of my col-
league on the Committee of Elections [Mr.
Shuixabarger] notlo pioceed with his remarks
this afternoon, I will not object to the motion
to atljourn. Otherwise i should (Wire to pro-
ceed with the consideration of this case, at
least until the previous question shall have
been seconded and the main question ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 made the motion to adjourn
with the consent of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. SiiRiXACAiiGER;] otherwise I would not
have submitted it. .
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITION.", LTC.
The following petitions, &c.,werc presented under
the rule and refu-rctl to tin: jpprop; iiile committees :
Hy Mr. liAI.DUTX- A petitionof 1,400 Sons of
Temperance and Good Templars, of Worcester, M;i?-
saehusetts, tor a law to punish oinceis of the Army
and Navy, and menibci sot Congress,t'oi intoxication.
By Mr. CON IvLlXti: The petition of James P.
Murray, and others, citizens of Biidgewater, New
Yoik, prayina protection to American wool.
By Mr. C.OOK: The petition of citizens of Lock-
port, Illinois, for tlie passage of a law regulating
insurances.
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of Alfred Coffin,
for relief.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Andrew Bowen,
John Maxton, and 102-others, citizens of Cortland
county, New Yoik, praying increased protection on
American wool.
Also, a similar petition of Rufas Cassett, William T.
jMorcley. and 48 others, cituenb of Onondaga county,
New York.
By Mr. ItEFREBS: A petition from the citizens of
Kosciusko county, Indiana, praying that Congress
will cnaet sueli just and equal la^vc, for thereguution
of inter-State insurances of all kinds as may be ef-
fectual in establishing security for the interests pro-
tected by policies.
By Mr. DONNELLY: A petition of citizens of the
State of Minnesota, infavorof an increase of national
banking capital in the said State.
A1.50, a petition of eitizens of the same State, in
favor of some national provision for the regulation
I of insurance companies m the United States.
: By Mr. liOGA?,: The petition of 113 liricklayeis,
i 8l! stone-cutters, 154 ship-carpenters, of St. Louis.
1 Missouri, praying that eight hours may be declared
\ a legal day's work.
By Mr. ill." LliU HI); The petition of sundry citi-
; zens of St. Lawrence county, New York, asking the
: enactment of a general insurance law.
I Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Brasher Iron
Works, New York, asking increased protection for
manufactures by a higher taiiff.
By Mr. JULIAN: Twelve petitions, signed bj  618
citizens and workinginen of Johnstown, Pennsylva-
nia, praying Congress to fix eight hours as a lawful
day's work for all employes of the Government
By Mr. KKIili: The petition of William B. Lent,
A. A. Day, H. B. Shields, J. M. Harris, and others,
for Federal legislation on the subject ol insurance.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: Various letters,
papers, documents, &c., relating to the claim of Georgs
C. Johnston, and the bill for his relief before the Com-
mittee of Claims.
By Mr. LONSYEAR: The remonstrance of the
common council of the city <jf Jackson, Michigan,
against an extension of the land grant to the Amboy,
Lansing, and Traverse Bay Railroad Company, in said
State, and asking that the.same be conferred upon
certain other companies therein named.
By Mi. MARSTON: The petition ol David H. Hill,
and.?5others, eitizens ofNew Hampshire, praying that
such conditions be imposed upon the rebel States as
shall punish treason, at least with ineligibility toothce
and loss of power, and reward loyalty with confidence
and honor, and which shall abolish in the rebel Stales
ail distinction in their constitutions and laws on ac-
count of race or color; and further, that the Consti-
tution of the United States be so amended as to make
these conditions imperative and perpetual.
Also, the petition of David H. Hill, and 10 others,
citizens of New Hampshiic, piaying that the Consti-
tution he so amended that the President and \ ice
President bo choscn without the intervention of the
Electoral College, and that the qualifications of voters
for President, Vice President, and Representatives in
Congress maybe established on an impartial basis,
imparting and limiting the privilege of voting for
those offices to those eitizens who can road and who
comply with the other requirements and conditions
made by the laws (if thcStatesrespectivcly; provided
that no one shall be aticctert in his enjoymcntof this
franchise by reason of race, color, descent, 01 social
condition.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of Caleb Cope,
Esq., president of the PhiladelpliiaSavingFund So-
ciety, John Wicgnnd, president of the Western Sav-
ing Fund hkiciety, of Philadelphia, and C. A. lie pplicr,
Esq.,president of the Beneficial Saving Fund Society,
of Philadelphia, the depositois in whose institutions
are upward of twenty-five thousand in number, the
average amount deposited by cach being but about
two hundred and twenty dollars, generally the accu-
mulation ofsmal 1 earnings through many yc.a>, pray-
ing that saving fund societies hax ing nqcapital stock,
and whose busine.-s is confined to receiving deposits
and loaning the same on interest for the benefit of
thedoposilors only, may be lelieved from the lax on
their deposits and the tax on the interest paid to de-
PBv°Mr. PAINE: The petition of S. C. Russ, and
others, citizens of "Walworth county, Wisconsin, for
the enactment of a law regulating insurance in the
United State®.
33v Mr. SIXGREAVES: The memorial of brewers
ot the United States, asking that in arranging the
tariil' between the United States and British Prov-
ince?* in Noith America, too duty on barley may be
tixed at a rate that will not let-son the inuauiaetur©
ol malt liquors, cf:c.
Also, the petition of Stephen It. Farkhurst, for ex-
tension of his patent for ginning cotton and burring
Bv Mr. UPSON: The petition of B. G. Bucll, K.
J. Huyok, and 43 otheis, citizens of" Cass county,
Michigan, praying for an increase ol duties on for-
eign wool.
IN SENATE.
Thursday. April 3*1 SGG.
Prayer by Itev. A. L>. Gillette, of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. POLAND presented the credentials of
Hon. George F. limniXDS, appointed .a Sen-
ator by the Governor of the State of Vermont,
to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of
Hon. Solomon Foot, until the next meeting of
the Legislature. •
The credentials were read, and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered to
Mr. Emusds, he took his teat in the Senate.
PETITION:* AXD MEilOIUALS.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Henry A. Shaw, S. V. Irwin, W. H. Brook-
way, and I. M. Crane, in behalf of the stock-
holders and other citizens of Michigan, pray-
ing for an extension of the land grant to the
Amboy, Lansing, and Traverse Bay railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of
J. T. Hawes, and others, citizens of the Slate
of Maine, praying Congress not to restore any
State that has rebelled and warred against the
United States to place and power as a govern-
! ing partner in the Uirion until adequate security
