708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
put one totally irrelevant to the whole subject,
because it has no sanction, it has no penalty,
it has nothing in it which can accomplish ^the
purpose. It is a mere legislative declaration,
and a legislative declaration of a fact that exists,
as the Senator says, and as I am willing to con-
cede for the sake of the argument, in the Con-
stitution itself.
Mr. StniXJilR.. That is all I intended.
Mr. FESSKXDEN. That is all the Senator
intended! Then where is his protection of
human rights? If all he meant was a word
upon the statute-book, what good has ho done
to him who was once a slave in securing him
his rights? Sir, I am afraid that there are too
many of these things—protections of human
rights consisting of words alone! We. the
committee of fifteen, recommend something
more than words; weak it may be, but con-
taining some force: having perhaps not sufficient
present effect, hut calculated to reach far into
the future. It has that good if it has none other.
This, according to the honorable Senator's ad-
mission—and ho proposes it as an amendment,
to strike out the whole resolution and substi-
tute this—he intended simply as a legislative
declaration of not the slightest force in the
world. Of course, Mr. President, after that
declaration of the honorable Senator it would
ill become me to comment any farther upon it
and to show that it would be wholly without
effect.
Mr. President, no man knows "when he gets
talking where he may wander, unless ho is in
the habit of arranging his thoughts better Hum
I am mine. When i. commenced i his discussion
I supposed that in the course of twenty min-
uted or half an hour. 1 could say all 1 wanted to
say, and 1 should have id all 1 then warned
to say on the subject: but 1 have been led aside
and astray by the collateral matters that have
arisen here, until 1 have probably exhausted
the patience of the Senate; 1 certainly ha\e
exhausted my own strength; but I will sav to
the Senate that 1 have not even finished that
which I intended to say with regard to cerium
other matters. Believing that I might well dis-
cuss under this resolution the power of Con-
gress in relation toi he situation of these eon fed-
eral e States at this lime, and neee^arily con-
nected with it, what it would be .v>iso to do. 1
had thought of taking soino notice of tho opin-
ions advanced by ihe honorable Senator Irom
Maryland [Mt:. Johnson J a while ago, and
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, j .Mr.
Co,wan,] in reference to the principles upon
■which we are acting. Hut, sir 
Mr. JOHNSON mid others. Let us adjourn,
and vou can go on to-morrow.
Mr. KKSSKjNDEN. No, Mr. President, I
will not speak two days. I beg the honorable
Senator's pardon. \ would rather omit entirely
all 1 have to say on the Mibjecl now and lake
some other occasion, than to have an adjourn-
ment on mj' account.
Mr. JOILNKO.n. I am sorry for that.
Air. FKSSEXDEX. And reallv. ,Mr. Pres-
ident. I do not know that it would be jimt or
right to the Senate under exist ing circumstances :
for me to speak upon any other subject than j
that which is immediately under the eons'idm- '
ation of the body. 1 do no! approve of irav- i
eliog into matters that are collateral, because ;
it is sirnplv avuilln^, oursei\es of a plnc< lure j
to give ulteiaaee to idea-; that do no1 pc \ haps |
belong to the occasion. I w 111 i'ohow our, there- j
fore, my own rule, paiticnlnrly us J luov led I
strength enough left to do etherx, ise : but I wish 1
to say m closing thaf 1 commend this joint res- j
olution to the careful consideration of the Sen- ;
ate. It i? not all that we could desire; ii P !
not all that onrconslituent? could wish: it does i
not accomplish, as it stands now, all perhaps (,
that it might accomplish: but it is an impo''- |j
tani srep in the right direction. It gi\ es the tj
sanction of Congress in so many words to on u
irnportan^hading, effective idea. It opens a !'
way bv which the bomhern mind—1o speak of';
it as the sow1 hern mind—-maybe led to d«-that
which is righ: ;:nd ju«t. I see that the honor- jj
able Senator trout Delaware [Mr. Saulsbuhy] ||
looks at me as if he thought that that was not !
a very safe supposition: but I have hopes, great !
hopes, of those who were recently confederates; j
and 1 believe that now that they have been j
taught that they cannot do evil to all the ex- j
tent thev might desire with impunity, and when j
their attention is turned of necessity in the right .
direction, the road will seem so pleasant to
their feet, or at any rate will seem so agree- j
able to their love of power, that they will be I
willing to walk in the direction that we have |
pointed. If they do, what is accomplished?]
In process of time, under this constitutional !
amendment, if it should be adopted, they are '
led to enlarge their franchise. That necessa-
rily will lead them to consider how much fur-
ther they can go, what is necessary in order to
fit their people for its exercise, thus leading to
education, thus leading to a greater degree of J
ei\ilization, thus bunging up an oppre--ed and .
dov. iiiaodden race to an equality, if capable of !
an equality, and L hope it may be, with their 1
white biethrcn, children of the same father. |
And, sir, if this is done, (we cannot hope for it I
in a day, but if in a few years this is aeeom- i
plished, and accomplished by the steady and
silent operation of this constitutional provision
which applies itself to the interests and to the
love of power of men,) some of us may hope
to live—i probably may not. but the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts may—to see the
time when by their own act and under the effect
of an enlightened study of their own interests,
all men may be placed upon the same broad
constitutional level, enjoying the fame rights
and seeking hapr-iae^s in the; came wav and
limb r the same advantage >, and thai is all that
we could a°k.
Mr. bAXiP of Indiana. Mr. President, !
rise to ask the courte.-v of the Senaio, which I
have never asked bourne, and 1 d j it the more
readily from the fact that 1 speak \oi\ latoh
in this body. 1 desire to addiess the Senate,
and the notes that 1 have made by way of prep-
aration are at my mom, and unless some gen-
tleman prefers to go on now, I should very
much prefer cither an adjournment or an exe
cutive session, ro that I may be permitted to
speak to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senatoi allow me?
Let this p.e-s over intormally so that wo can
take up a liitle measure of le^Uhuhm.
Mr. LANK, of Indiana. Willi the under-
standing that 1 ha\e ihe floor for to-morrow,
I have no objection to that being (lone.
Mr. Wi 1 .SOX. (Vrtaiulv.
The PUESimNU OFFICEU, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair sugge.-ts that the proper disposition
would be a motion to postpone the pending
question until to-morrow.
Mr. GIMMKS. I move that it be postponed
until to-morrow at one o'clock.
'1 he motion was agreed to.
mstuu't oi■ coli-miua schools.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (S. Xo. ;>o) to grant one million
acre - of public lands Jbr the benefd of public
schools in the District of Columbia.
'1 he motion was agi ecd to : and the bill was
considered as iu Committee of the Whole.
The PPjoSHHXd OFLdCPP. The bill will
be terd.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Public
Ponds r< potted a sub; 1 itnto. t do not think it j
wid br peerary to re.id the original bill, but '
let the substitute be read. i
The Pi 1 LSI DIXir Ol-TTO. If there be J
no objection, the substitute reported for tho bill i
will bo read. j
The Secretary read the amendment, which '■
was to strike out all aficr the enacting clause 1
and insert the following: I
That thcr*"* Ise a-iamtod to the cities of Waddn^-'ton !
and (r'-ovi-i'l own and the county of Vf a-huiA'ton, in th c j j
PisoK-r o! Columbia. one, million acrc^ ot ibcjandsof ;
t he UuJ ed Si ;ite> Mibjoct to pi ivat-~ en try atper 11
a_ v\ or K ; i hrn that . on, to b -o • \ 'drd r>oi * \ tvu f tie j j
citing oi Washinuoa m d (rn own ,'nd the county ;l
o{ \Ydu.t'-ton, it -• >jr 1 n- 0; popec  {"i- jt
a - a-a < n.. isa i b;. liiv lA'i- U: . a Jo;1 i Sis' -'iipi>orl of , i
pubitc k|;
Sec. 2. A ad Is It farther unacted, That the city of ii
Washington and the city of Georgetown and county
of Washington shall not &elout, locute, not Imlrltho
land grunted in the nrst sc-tion ot this ;ict, nor .oiy
j^art thcieoi: but land scrip thai! be i^ucd lor the
sumo to the city ot Wa^bmston. ilie city oi U:er^e-
town, and the county oi Washington, von.tr,i<?
m fiuaiuity witli tho land graiitcd in the in ;i lection
ot this act, and to be apportioned us in the invt ac-
tion is provided, f-aid scrip to be sold by sat >-iiies
and county and signed by ?uch ot!a-oi< a~.id r.i ruch
in nun or as the Seeretaiy of the liuenoi may older
and prescribe; and the a^ic,-ac^s oi suuh snip may
loeste the same upon auy unoccupied^ j)ubuc land
of the Unit :d States subjoct to s-iie at si l-j per acre,
or less: but mineral lands shall not be *ubjcet to loca-
tion.
Sec. 3. And he it further rnacicJ, That the exposes
of the stile and assignment oi such scrip, and the in-
vestment and management oi the fund realized noin
the sate thereof, shall be paid by the said citieo of
Washington and G-eor^etown and eoimly ot \\T a shins-
ion, so that the entire proceeds shall be applied with-
out any diminution whatever to tho purpose herein
mentioned.
* Sro. k J/jJ he it further mrtcMl, That all moneys
deuved irom tho sale of the scrip hereiubeloro pro-
vided tor malt be inve^tc d in th° sdock^ oi t he Uroo-d
States yi'jidnv-i not h,--; than live por cmt. upon l'io
par valuo tlicreoi; that the moiicvs ?o invented ^'oall
coastl? uto a perpeUial innd, thei a pit al <d which shall
rciiMinforc\ ei andiiiUne.liLd.ctnd thrijUeic^l o; which
idia'il he mvifiLjdjlj nppiopii,it( d bv !-;-id citics aial
coancy to the suppoit and nu.intenaiKe of public
FchooP in said eitLC." and county loi the cducainm of
the children in said cities tuid county l>ct ween > he a'P'S
ot live aiid seventeen yeai>, to be ired uj the Mippot't
an<l niaiutenance of such ^ciiooK v. ithout distinction
oi color or race of tho childien .ittcudm^ tbein.
Sue. 5. And Oe it fiii thcr emu-teif Thatii anv portion
ot the fund invested as hefoie pia vidcd, or any poi-
tion ot the interest t'mreon, sha 11 )>v any neuon or
contingency Ije diminished orlosl.it thai) berophicod
l y the laty or coniuy to which it belongs, so th,d Use
imid ;«haU 5,em.dnforeverundimini->ncd: and no por-
tion oi the lend or 1 h"iiitcu'ft--hail boapphed tov.-r.id
tho puichasrc <d r.ny site oi i'or the construction oi any
school-house or buddinc,.
Si e. (> , i I'd he ifjt'i//<"/• onacirrl. That hind oiTiccrs
>h.i 11 i i-ci i vv t no im." (V-e^ l<u local hind «-■( ■ i;> l*-
^ued tni' 'er I he p. ov i-ion^ ot til1- t i ■. n<i\v ailovo'd
tor tli'' lo" 11 am of mihiinj hour! v Ja.ad \.v u a.nl.- mi-
d-'. ox^iee^ l'iw^: Ti ''h iPa.-winiun OJIII-
pena.1 tiou .shall aot thereby be increased
air. SA V LSO t :HY. I move to striim
in tb.e fourth section, the words ,k without dis-
tinotion of color oriaeo of the chihb'en adend-
ine' them.1' 1 do not propo-o to dcba.to this
very now subject, in tho Senate of the United
States: but. as I wish to make one strui^h; for-
ward record while I live, and that a record in
reference to the white and black races. 1 a.-k
for the yeas and navs on the adoption of my
amendment.
Tli.' yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. IIKXI)KICKS, i v,i.sh to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts whether in tins bill
by this particular provision he moans that ihe
funds phallic equally distributed, or onthc oilier
hand that the children of dittmMu colors shall
go to the Fame school. What is his purpose on
that subject ■'
Mr. W1LSOX. Wo have piovided by law
for the establishment of colwied schools here.
Since emancipation we passed a school system
for this Disliicl, a most excellcnt ot e, too. and
under ii a larcje number of colored •-chools have
iH-e:i( vinbii hod. i mule!-'.and tije bill to mean
simply—and 1 think the Senator from Indiana
must certainly under.-tand it—that h divides the
money pro rttln according to the children, with-
out any distinction of color, and those in the
colored schools will receive the same beneiit
that those receive who are in the whhesehools.
Mr SAPLSPUPV. I have no ohjecdonto
the poor childien of the Di^rriet of Columbia or
elsevdierebeine' educated . but ha\ ingbecn here
now for 5ome sevcu )ears. 1 neeer sawsuch zeal
manifested iu refcrt nee to the education ot the
children id' this Pisnict until it became n< ees-
sary to educate a la rye cla^s of black children.
We h;ive a great many poor children in my Stat e,
and we provide schools for them. There were
a great many poor children in the District of
Columbia before ihe abolition of slavery; but
there was no proposition then to take a million
acres of the public lands and apply them to
schools for children, either whire or black, in
this Di:triet. or in any State of the Union. 1 do
not wish, however, to discuss the question.
Mr, .1 Of IX SOX'. I nude: stood the honorable
member from Mj^aeLascci s to saythai 'he law
as it now stands a a! 1 to; re?.-1 he abin h n'uu o..
sehools foi Ihe education of colored t hi d,en,
but doc^ not make it obligatory on the schools
