2732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
one at all. I want to exempt the man who
does a moderate amount of business from all
tax if I can. I want to relieve the men who
do custom work as far as possible, the men
who employ a few apprentices and perhaps
two or three journeymen.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania by
inserting in the first line of the paragraph the
word '; one'' instead of'' two'' as it no w stands;
so that it will read: "on boots and shoes a tax
of one per cent."
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
It is not germane to the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. The gentleman
may move to amend by striking out " §2,000"
and inserting "$1,500."
Mr. ALLEY. No matter about the amend-
ment. I intended to move, and shall do so at
the proper time, the amendment I have indi-
cated, making the tax one per cent, on boots
and shoes instead of two. I think that will
satisfy the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall.] I know it will satisfy those he
represents. These parties have been to me
from the several States and conferred with me
on the subject, and I know what the feeling
generally is in relation to this matter. I am
m hopes that the committee will agree to that
reduction. I think that the information that
they have received must convince them that the
reduction ought to be made.
I see no reason why this 'should be put at
two per cent. It seems to me the same argu-
ments that induced the committee to reduce
the tax on clothing to one per cent, should have
induced them to reduce this also to the same.
And if they do, I think it will satisfy the gen-
tlemen who represent the interest of these small
manufacturers or small shoe-makers who feel
that they are greatly oppressed by this tax.
And now one word why this should be done.
In the first place, there is a tax upon the hides
of ten per cent. Then there is a tax on leather,
under this bill, of five per cent. Then there is
an additional tax of five per cent, upon the
increased value in the currying; and then all
the other materials that go into the shoes that
are imported pay a tax of from twenty-five to
fifty per cent. Now, it seems to me that there
really should be no tax upon boots and shoes
since they are taxed in so many forms upon
all the materials that are used. The boots that
are manufactured in the country to-day are
paying, in various forms, a tax of nearly twenty
per cent. Under all these circumstances there
should be a reduction of at least one per cent.
That, I think, would be quite satisfactory to the
small shoe-makers who work upon the bench
and employ a few apprentices and perhaps two
or three journeymen, as suggested by the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
If the gentleman will accept my amendment in
lieu of his own, I think it will obviate the whole
difficulty and satisfy the parties whose interest
he represents.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my amendment for the present, to see
whether the gentleman's amendment prevails.
Perhaps in the end I may be satisfied. If not
I will ask the privilege of renewing mine.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating debate.
I shall only ask the committee to consider these
paragraphs in reference to clothing and boots
and shoes.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 518, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes,'' approved June 00, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
CLOSE OS DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the ponding paragraph of the spe-
cial order terminate in one minute after the
committee shall resume the consideration of
the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX Bin AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30,1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. MORRILL. All I have to say in rela-
tion to this matter is this: the Committee of
Ways and Means are quite ready to admit that
shoes and boots may be exempted with as much
propriety as anything else, but we made as many
reductions as we thought the Treasury at this
time could possibly afford; and any reduction
on these articles would make a very large differ-
ence. I do hope that the committee will allow
these provisions to stand, as we reduce the
amount of the tax from six per cent., as it now
is, to two per cent., and that ought to satisfy
all parties.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
question.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The-question was taken on Mr. Allet's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move,
in line twenty-one hundred and sixteen, to
strike out the word "one" and insert "two."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to amend in line
twenty-one hundred and eight by striking out
the word "two" and inserting "five;" so that
it will read: "on boots and shoes a tax of five
per cent, ad valorem," &c.
_ I wish to call the attention of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to this
provision, and to inquire of him why a distinc-
tion is made between "clothing" and "boots
and shoes."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move to insert after liije
twenty-one hundred and sixteen the following;
And where such work shall exceed annually in
value $1,000, the tax of one per cent, shall be on the
amount of work in excess of $1,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. In line twenty-one hundred
and sixteen, I move to insert after the word
"thousand" the words "five hundred;" so
that the provision will read:
Provided, That any boot or shoe maker making
hoots or shoes to order as cust'nrrwork only, and not
for general sale, and whose work, exclusive of the
materials, does not exceed annually in value irl,500,
shall be exempt from this tax.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On ready-made clothing, gloves, mittens, mocca-
sins, caps, and other articles of dress for the wear of
men, women, and children, not otherwise assessed
and taxed, a tax of one per cent, ad valoretp. to be
paid by every person making, manufacturing, or
producing for sale clothing, gloves, mittens, mocca-
sins, caps and other articles of dress, or furnishing
the materials or any part thereof, and employing
others to make, manufacture, or produce them :
Provided, That any tailor, or any maker of gloves,
mittens, moccasins, caps, or other articles of dress to
order as custom work only, and not for general sale,
and whose work, exclusive of the materials, does not
exceed annually in value $1,000, shall be exempt
from this tax: ami articles of dress made or trimmed
by milliners or dress-makers for the wear of women
or children shall also be exempt from this tax.
Mr. MYERS. I move to insert, in line
twenty-one hundred and twenty-nine, after
the words " one thousand," the following :
And where such work shall exceed annually in
value $1,000, the said tax of one per cent, shall be on
the amount of work in excess of Si,000.
I think if the House understood this amend-
ment they would vote for it. I speak in refer-
ence to both these paragraphs—both the one in
reference to boots and shoes, and that in refer-
ence to clothing. It was the intention that a
certain amount should be exempted, but it will
be noticed that as the provision now stands, if
the amount of work done exceeds by one dollar
the sum of S1_,000, the shoe-maker or tailor will
have the tax imposed upon him for his whole
work and his whole material.
It is for the purpose of explaining more
clearly what I think was the meaning of the
committee that I offer this amendment. It
provides, in other words, that Mtterial and
work shall only be taxed over the amount
which was intended to be exempted.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend my amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I should
like to hear some better reason, from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
than that he hopes this amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. The question has already
been discussed sufficiently for every member
of the committee to understand it, and if the
gentleman is satisfied with his speech I am,
and I do not like the task of discussing these
matters over and over again.
Mr. MYERS. What I want to say is this:
in many instances parties purchase materials
for clothing and have it made up. And by this
provision, without my amendment, if the work
exceeds a thousand dollars, the tailor or boot-
maker is charged not only for all his work under
one thousand dollars, but also upon the artieles
that enter into that work; in many instances
articles which he has not bought at all, but
which have been bought by a third party and
brought to him to be made up.
Mr. MORRILL. I find that it is necessary
to say a few words. The gentleman cannot
have read the paragraph. The amount taxed
is to be exclusive of the material.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand that the
$1,000 worth is to be absolutely exempt from
taxation, or only when the amount is SI,000
or less? Suppose it shall amount to §1,005,
is the whole $1,005 to be taxed, or only the
excess over the $1,000?
Mr. MORRILL. Only the excess, accord-
ing to an amendment that has already been
adopted on the motion of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the object of
the committee is to exempt, at all events, the
§1,000 for these small operators. But it seems
to me that according to the language of this
paragraph that the man who does $999 worth
of work will be wholly exempt from the tax,
while the man who does $1,001 worth will
have to pay the tax on the whole $1,001.
That cannot be the intention of the committee.
Mr. MYERS. If it exceeds $1,000, under
the language of this provision, even the mate-
rials are taxed.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not attending to that
point now, but I am referring to the fact that
1 suppose the intention was to exempt $1,000
in all cases and to tax the excess. But it seems
to me this paragraph does not effect, that ob-
ject; for if' the amount cxceeds $1,000 the
whole amount is taxed; if it does not exceed
that amount it is not taxed at all.
The amendment of Mr. Ml'iais was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out at the
close of the paragragh the words " and articles
of dress made or trimmed by milliners or dress-
makers for the wear of women or children shall
also be exempt from this tax." I do not un-
derstand why this exception should be made.
Mr. MORRILL. I will answer the gentle-
man, if he desires an answer. If the gentle-
