1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
where white children are received to receive the
colored children; that is 10 say, there is no au-
thority to have a mixture of children in any one
school. I understood the lionorabie member
to say so.
Mr. WILSON". ^ Yes, sir. t
Mr. JOHNSON. If that is so, it cannot be
done under this amendment. 1 understand the
whole amendment is that the appropriation
which is here made is to be applied to the sup-
port and maintenance of all the schools. If it
had said "all the schools," it would have in-
cluded the colored schools as well as the white
schools, and nothing mors is done by super-
• adding the words *' without distinction of color
or race.*'
It is true that perhaps until now no proposi-
tion of this sort has been made, either with ref-
erence to this District or any other part of the
United States, whether included within a State
or included within a Territoiy. But whatever
may have been the origin or Hie motive for the
establishment of schools and their support, as
far as I am concerned. L would very willingly
vote anything m reason to carry out the object.
If the poorer class of white children in the
District have not been properly educated before,
and we are about to educate them now only
because there are black children to be educ died,
thai furnishes no objection to me iu voting for
the bill, i want all to be educated, -and per-
haps, lookinu to results, looking to policy, il U
more peculiaih necessary that tiieblacks.suould
be educated beeausv- they are without the mean-?
of educating themselves:, whereas the ma^s of
the while people have the means of edneming
their own children. 1 shall therefore vote for
the amendment of tin*' eoinmhtee.
Mr. 'VlLSOX. I wish to say. Mr. Ihvsidenl,
to the Senator from Delaware, that S offered a
bill eon!ahung this proposidou i ogi vo a mi'lion
aere^ of pubh'.' land lor educational purposes
in ihe Di.-anct of Columbia veven or eight yea's
ago. some \ears before emancipation. and 1
think i have olfered it annually hom that time
to '.his. or nearly every year. It has been in
the Committee on the District oi Columbia se\ -
era] times. Last Cone;re:-s. 1 think, it went to
the Committee on Public Lauus and was net
acted upon. Tins year it went L'uhe Commit-
tee on Public Lauds, and they hav made a
repoit in tavorof it. I certainly hope thai the
S;,nate will pa^s the bill, fhar it will become a
law. and that the eaikucu in this i>i-1s• ict. with-
out distinction ofeoloroi race, of white or black,
will have the advantages of it.
The Senatoi from Maryland tells us that the
white people here have the means to educate
their children. I think, if the S"na orvi'd rend
the report:- made annually for the hast .-even or
eight years iu i\n-< District, lie v. ill come to trie
conclusion that they have not had the means to
do it, or if they hod the means ihey have neg-
lected to u^e t hem.
Mr..) OrlNSON. The Senator misunderstood
me. I did not say so. 1 smd if it was ac ail
necessary to draw a distinction bet,ween the
colored and the white children, it would be bet-
ter to educate the colored, because as a general
rule the white population had the means of edu-
cating iheir own children, winch cannot be said
as ageneral rule applicable to the coloied race,
not that there are not poor white children who
ought to be educated.
Mr. WLLbON. Only about, one third of the
white children of the D:-uiet of Columbia are
in the common schools of the District, 'ihe
reason is. a^ eveivbody know,, that the people
of t lie District of Columbia are a very poor peo-
ple. There are but few- wav-J he-re to earn much
money. IJv building t ho Capiroi extension ami
the other public works in this city, we have
brought a great number of laboring men and
mechanics and poor people here to live, and
manv of them come from places where there are
good schools open to all, where the children of
th* poor are educated at, the public expense.
That ihe ease, in some section.-' of die coun-
try. and it ought to bo so e\<.
about one third of the white children of the
District of Columbia are being educated in tho
public schools. We have got a great number of
poor white children here that have no means of
education.
Then we have undertaken, by what I think !
to be a very wise policy, to establish schools
for the education of colored children here, and
they are short of means ; in fact, the great
trouble in this District is tho want of money.
We have set apart during our history some sev-
enty-live or eighty million acres of public lands
for the benefit of schools in t he States. It was
a wise policy. Sir, we ought to June estab-
lished at the foundation of this District a sys-
tem of public schools, and this District should
have been the pattern of the whole country,
where children without dibtineiion of color or
race or condition of life could obtain a aood
common-school education. We neglected it,
and we see the result.
Now, sir, i think considering the poverty of
this District which is real, comddorinsc the fact
that we own avast amount of property here,
that we have biought hundreds of people here
to labor on the public work"., that they are rear-
ing families and are unable to educate them
here as they would bo in sonv oilier portions
of the country, considering t lie fact ihrt we long
ago established a wne policy of setting apart
portions of the public domain in the now States
for the purpose** of common-school education.
I think we ought to pass a bill of this kind. 1
onh- regret that it is little: but if may give
peiImps a million dollars to the people of ibis
DiMnct, the annual income of which will go not
to build school-houses but for the purpose of
educating children. rud will be divided accord-
ing to the number of children between certain
a<:(■•< without di-tuiclion oi color or race. No-
body doubts thai it will be a <:reat blc-sing to
the people of the District and improve she eau.->e
of education and consequcntls the mice ami
powers of the com mi. hi1 v. inoi al. physic -1, ami
intellectual, that it will be a gival luiuiina;".' to
them : and it doc s mvm to me thai it is a \. me
and .sound policy to do U. i think lh;it we ought
not go on a-> \u.- have done. Liom. the chihlr.'n
of ihcpeopk wfthc D strict ol Colombia, thou-
sands of whom have been brought here by onr
wauts and our needs, who are poor laboring'
people.go without the means of edaea'ion when
we have ihe power to aid tjiem. 1 am therefore
i'or thh mea-ure. i believe it to bo a wise one.
I think itnlber. whatever we can fairly and
properl;. do to build up the city of Vv a-himiton.
to impro\ e the condition of thL Distnet, to
make the District v,hat it ought to be, we ought
to do.
-Mr. C'PiLMLS. 1 think, Mr. Prescient, that
there net d no; be a v ry g.vat controversy be-
tween the Senator iiom D'daw are and the Sena-
tor bom Massachusetts on the subject of tho
colored schools, lor I imagine t3iat if this bill
shall pass there will not be a great manv either
of white or of colored schools, supported by the
funds that wiii be created by it. I .-houkl almost
be willing to guarumy lh.it these lands will not
net to the city aovcinment.s of («corcotov> n and
Wa-hiimton, and to the Drcrict of Columbia,
ten cent- an acre. Smb. I can a-.-ure the .sena-
toi fiom Ma-,vjchvcoit; . has Leeu the crpovi-
 . aslh;
st annual report chows, only
cuce heretofore on ihe part ol ad to wttom
of tin , land have been m:oi'\ ami cuich a; 11 be
th~ ea e iVom my kmewedoe of th" auth uhi"--
. that have the umfol of affairs here in these
cuiet and in 1 his s )i>uiet in regard to tin.-, -crip
: if it --hell be issued.
1 he Senator fiom Ma°-aehuset1 s bases this
grant lirst on the po\eitv ol the city of WaMi-
in'iron. In rccrard to 'hat the Senator is mis-
taken. According to tho asse-smcnt n turns,
this is one of the weabhiest cities there is in
the Knifed States. There may be poor peo-
ple here, and doubrh ss there are: but the as-
so-^monf returns show what the value of the
proper v* K. Will the ^mator produc ttmm?
V. h\ . sir. the poc • people of whom h .* xvak-.
who ha\ r> been bi oaeat here it - ^. uh - f om
the North and West, ha^ reallvthe earned of
tho city government. Why do they not levy a
tax on the valuable property that is located
here? The trouble is not that the people are
poor, but the trouble is that they are not willing
to tax the property that is subject to taxation
for the purpose of educating their children j and
no grant of land that can be made, and no scrip
that the Senator can get us to authorize to be
issued is going to improve the people of the
District of Columbia in that regard. Let him.
turn out as a missionary and lecture the people
in their various wards on the necessity of educa-
tion, and when he has brought them up to the
standard that will justify us in putting money
into their handft for this object, let him come
in here and ask lor an appropriation of money
one oi the Tieasuiy. 'j hat we can grant, that
is the r dircetway of rcachmgthis thing 5 but the
indirect way that is now proposcd? which, while
it may possibly be a slight advantage to tho citi-
zens of the District, is destined to be a very
great disadvantage to the new States, is not the
kind of legislation that we should have.
Mr. President, I suppose that the members
of this body understand that this bill, if it shall
pa*s, will be the establishment of a new prin-
ciple The Senator says 1 hat we have been in
the habit of makuvz grants of lauds to the west-
ern States for education. That is true: but
they have been grant ed upon altogether a differ-
ent principle than this. The Government had
vast tracts of land. That, hind was subdivided,
by the authority of Congress, in!o townships,
and those townships were subdivided into thirty-
six sections each. You wanted 10 sell those
lands. They were the means from which you
expected to derive your ie\ juue for the pur-
pose of carrying on unu Government: and you
said to the citi/.ciis of ihe North and rhn-.t, "If
you Vvillgo out WcM aad buy those land-., and
pa^ Uis si 2-"  an aero fo<- them, we will sot apart
every Mxieemh fcotioii in each one of the 0
townships, which -'hail be ust, dby you. and 1 nose
who may associate -\\jtbyn, Ibr i]ui pui'pose
of educa1ina voui child 1 en " 11 v, as an iuducc-
nicuUo th > people fi om tlr* Past, and from other
sections of she eountrv. to uo to tbeve west-
ci 11 lands and 1-K aie oi; th"M. and pay into your
Trensuiythe money that you .-aid you would
take for these lands. But l"_re >011 propose to
gram to the city of Wasldng'on lands or scrip,
which is the same ihini, tor the purpose of es-
tablishing schools in this District. Vou might
wiih equal propriety issue scrip to support the
schools in the city of Dosion.
Lilt, if there is such a nece^;Ity for the sup-
port of schools here, come 50 us and abk us iu
a manly, straightforward way to take* money
out of the Tron-ury. Does not the Senator
■ know, doc-, not the L\p(;. lence of c\ erybody go
1 to show, th.it this &onp v.ill in a very shoit
1 time and at a ve-iy low rate iind its way into
1 the pockets of the wealthy capitalists, and then
| it will be located, spread out on a township of
land or several townships of land, and that land
will remain i'or ten. fifteen, twenty, or twenty-
five years without having a single occupant on
it ? And that is the danger and the damage that
it is to work to the States "where this land will
be located and held in trust, for the benefit of
the cities of Washing*on and Georgetown.
In Pj'O. 1 think—the Senator from Ken-
tucky [-Mr. OrrtLtit:] can probably tell me the
date—ihere was granted to a charitable insti-
tution in Kentucky a towush'p of land in the
Suite of Florida: and one of the fiivt subjects
that 1 heard under discus ion when I carne to
WaMumy.on w a°. a bill introduced at the in-
stance of tho State of hlorida to compel tho
State ol Kentucky to sell that land. 1 suppo, e
it ha- not been sold to this day. The argu-
ment thai wa- el'.,.-.! 1.v tne State of Piorida
wa5thai hero was an entire township of land
in one of their best counties thu4 was owned
by the State of Kent aekv. lO'en + ed for a char-
itable purpose, it is trm\ but there was not a,
single bona fide ssr.lcr upon it: it rcfarded tho
r- .itemeni and -orcoeo 1 ihe development of
the r:.-.,jLry. Now. 'ho eT_-"; of ihe Se?uuo"'s
bill is pi t0 accomplish the so mo thing
