1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eign countries, each description of merchandise, so
tar as practicable, warehoused, withdrawn from ware-
house for consumption, for exportation, for transpor-
tation to other districts, and remaining in the ware-
house at the end of each fiscal year; and to aid him
in the dischaige of these duties, the several clerks
now employed in the preparation of statistics in the
Treasury Department, or any bureau thereof, shall
be placcd under his supervision and direction. It
shall be the further duty of said Director to collect,
digest, and arrange, for the use of Congress, the
statistics of the manufactures of the United States,
their localities, sources of raw material, markets,
exchanges with the producing regions of the coun-
try, transportation of products, wages, and such
other conditions as arc found to affect their prosper-
ity. The said I)ii ector shall also collect, digest, and
arrange for the use of Congress the statistics of the
mining industry of the United States, the number
and location of the mines, the products, wages of
labor employed therein, and such other matters as
may exhibit the condition and affect the prosperity
of that branch of industry. And tho said Director
shall also annually prepare a report, to be laid be-
fore Congress, concerning tho general course find
influence of trade with foreign countries, exhibiting
the distribution of the domestic exports of the Uni-
ted States among them, and the exchange of com-
modities with them, and the cost of production in
the respective countries wherever attainable; which
report shall extend to such particulars and shall be
arranged in such manner andfoim^as maybe re-
quired by the Secretary of the Treasury. And for
all these purposes the said Director shall hare access
to the statistics, papers, and records of the several
Departments of the Government: and, in addition
to the clerical service hereinbefore provided, tho
Secretary of the Treasury shall detail such other
clerks as may be necessary to fully carry out the pro-
visions of this act. And the expenses of the Bureau
of Statistics for clerical service, publication of re-
ports, stationery, books, and statistical periodicals
and papers required by the bureau, shall bedefrayed
on the order and approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. And all letters and doc-
uments to and from the Director of the Bureau of
Statistics, relating to tho duties and business of his
office, shall be transmitted by mail free of postage.
Mr. LAWREN CE, of Ohio. I move to strike
out this section and ask permission to pre-
sent brief!}' the reasons which induce me to do
so. At the proper time a Bureau of Statistics
is one of the very few additional departments
I would be willing to add to the numerous
branches of the Government service. I \could
do so because the statistics of the nation and
the States furnish not only a part of. our cur-
rent history and progress but give us the means
of intelligibly and equitably levying and ad-
justing national and local taxation. I would
place at the head of such a department a gen-
tleman of my own State, not because kc is of
my State, but because of his eminent abilities
and his vast acquirements and capacity as a
statistician. I refer to Hon. E. D. Mansfield.
But to prepare the way for this, I would first
abolish the various offices and clerkships now
devoted to statistics in the Treasury, Interior,
and other Departments, so that there should
be but one authorized branch of this service.
But I am not now in favor of the creation of
this new office of Commissioner or '' Director
of the Bureau of Statistics'' for several reasons.
There are various officers now in office who
furnish statistics which thus far have enabled
the legislative and executive departments of
the Government to perform all their duties.
The Census Bureau furnishes its fund of knowl-
edge. The Treasury Department has its sta-
tistician, in addition to the annual reports on
navigation and commerce, the banking statis-
tics of the Comptroller of the Currency, and
the revenue s'tatistics of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The Agricultural Depart-
ment has its statistician. The several Depart-
ments of the Government furnish the statistics
appropriate to the service of each. Until there
can be but one consolidated and exclusive de-
partment of statistics, ail additional bureau is
unnecessary, or at least may bo dispensed with
until a future time.
I would not now increase the patronage and
the power of the national Government by creat-
ing additional offices and appointments which
for the time being can be dispensed with. The
nation is justly alarmed at the increase of pat-
ronage and power which the absolute necessi-
ties of the Government demand, growing out j
of the war and the national debt entailed upon
us by southern traitors and their northern allies.
A vast number of our national officers hold
their places, not for a definite term, but at the
pleasure of the President or of heads of Depart-
ments. By a practice which lias no just sanc-
tion in the Constitution, even the officers who
are by law appointed for a given term are re-
movable dnnng the recess of Congress by the
President or heads of Departments. T.he State
governments general !v prescribe a term of years
for each of their officers, and they can only be
removed by a judicial trial and judgment. This
whole theory and practice of the national Gov-
ernment should be changed. Congress has not
yet matured the legislation necessary to regu-
late the appointing power, to prescribe a tenure
and term of office for officers general]}', and
make them independent in the enjoyment and
expression of opinion. The idea that many
thousands of officers, extending to every State
and city and village and neighborhood, shall
be dependent for place and its duration upon
the will of any one man, is at war with the
first elements of republicanism, and dangerous
to the purity, the existence of free govern-
ment, and the freedom of the ballot.
This subjection of the office-holder to the
will of a superior holds out an inducement—
" To erook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
That thrift may follow fawning."
The freedom of thought and its expression
is as essential in a republic as the liberty.of
speech or the freedom of the press. Until
this subject shall .be regulated by law so as to
secure the dignity, rights, and independence'
of the people and of all Government officials
in the civil service, I will not consent to the
creation oT new departments and new officers
which may not be immediately indispensable to
the necessities of the Government and people.
This is tho opinion I would entertain wholly
irrespective of any temporary consideration as
to what party is in power or who may control j
its patronage. Legislation for temporary party I
purposes is always perilous, and full of dan- !
gerous precedents, while that which commands |
the approval of wise and patriotic statesman-
ship will "stand the test of human scrutiny,
of talents, and of time."
But last, though not least, I object to the
creation of a new department and new officers,
because ofthe unnecessary expense itwill entail
upon the already overburdened tax-payers of
the nation.
Mr. Chairman, I have voted for the soldiers'
bounty bill and for an increase of pensions as a
part of that justice "which remains to be ren-
dered to the brave soldiers who sacrificed the
comforts of home and periled life for the pres-
ervation oftlie Union. I am willing t.o go yet
further to pay them tho debt of gratitude and
justice the nation owes them. I am read}' to
advocate and vote for pensions to the needy
soldiers of the war of 1812, already too long
neglected by Congress. For these objects I
would spare no fair taxation to do justice to
brave and patriotic men. But the creation of
new offices is a very different subject.
This House but a few days since passed a
resolution in these words :
Whereas thefmimcial condition of t.lieUnited States
demands the exercise of n rigid economy in all depart-
ments of the Govern men tin order to sustain the credit
ofthe United States, and to relieve the people at the
earliest pos;,ibleduy from tli'e burden of existing taxa-
tion ; and whereas tbeie is i eason to belie ve that in
many departments of the Government civil abuses
have for a longtime existed and sti'l exist, in the per-
petuation ol useless offices and sinecures, in extrav-
agantsalaries and allowances, and in other unneces-
sary andwasteful expenditures:
Resolved by the House of Jiepresentatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That a joint select committee be ap-
pointed, to consist of (wo membersof tho Senate and t
three members of the House, to be styled the joint ;
select committee 011 retrenchment; that said com- 1
raittce be instructed to inquire into tho expenditures j
in ali the branches of the civil service ofthe United !
States, and reportwhetherany and what officesought !
to be abolished, -whether any and what salaries or !j
allowances ought to be reduced, and generally how
and to what extent the expenses of the civil service
of the country may and ought to be curtailed ; that _
said committee be authoiized lo sit during the recess ■
of (!on5Te=s, to send for peisons and papers, and to
report by bill or otherwise.
Sir. I am in favor of carrying forward the
purpose of this resolution. There is a mani-
fest necessity for it r>ow that the termination
of flagrant war has rendered it practicable to
reduce the number and expenses of officers in
most if not all of the Departments.
Mr. Chairman, this session of-Congress has
done much to relieve the-burdens of the peo-
ple. If the internal revenue bill already passed
this House shall become a law, the reduction
in internal taxation secured by it will be fruit-
ful of benefits and blessings all over the land.
1 believe our legislation has been marked with
more than usual economy. But in a few in-
stances it would seem to me unnecessary ex-
penses have been incurred and unnecessary
offices created against my voice and vote. I
will call attention to some of them."
The joint resolution, approved December 21,
1865, appropriating $500,000 for subsistence
for Indians, many of them rebels, in the south-
ern superintendency.
The joint resolution of January 22 relative
to the Paris Exposition.
The naval appropriation actof April 17,1866,
increasing naval officers' allowances some two
million dollars or more. This is done in an
innoccnt-looking scction, as follows:
• "That so much of tile second section of an act
entitled ' An^aet to regulate the pay of the Navy of
the United States,' approved JIareh 3,1835, as pro-
hibits any allowance to any officer in the naval ser-
vice for the rent of quarters or for furniture or for
lights or fuel or transporting baggage, and all acts
or parts of acts authorizing the appointment of Navy
agents, be, and the same are hereby, repealed."
It is proper to say a bill is pending to repeal
this" section. And then we have the following:
The actof May 16, giving vice admirals each
a secretary with rank and pay of a lieutenant.
The act of May 20, authorizing the appoint-
ment of an additional Assistant Secretary of
the Navy.
The act of June 12, amendin^tlie postal
laws and increasing, but not materially, cer-
tain salaries.
The bill which passed the House creating a
Department of Education with its Commis-
sioner and other officers.
The pending internal revenue law, which
creates a Commissioner of Revenue. «
The joint resolution of June 30, to send ten
commissioners to the Paris Exposition at an
expense of $156,000 for the great show, besides
a commissioner to urge upon all nations the
adoption of a uniform standard of weights and
measures.
These, with the bills to reimburse _ Missouri
and Pennsylvania for expenses of their militia,
and to increase the clerical force of the Post
Office Department, and pending bills to reor-
ganize the Treasury and Interior Departments,
will add something to our national burdens.
In other Departments it is just to say the ex-
penses have been reduced many millions. I
am unwilling to create the additional offices _
contemplated by the bill now under considera-
tion. Let us rather reduce wherever practi-
cable the number and expense of some, per-
haps many, of those we already have. I hope
the motion to strike out will prevail.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to respond to the
points made by my colleague and to say a word
or two in defense of this section ofthe bill. Every
gentleman wfill recognize the difficulty of re-
plying to a Written speech which has not been
read, but I will respond to the points made
orally by my colleague, [Mr. Lawrexoe.] The
first objection that my colleague raises is, that
however good this proposition may be, this is
not tho time to make it. Now, that is the com-
mon argument used on all occasions when gen-
tlemen want to vote any proposition down, that
now is not the proper time to make it. If tho
proposition made in this section is important
and a proper one, there never has been a time
when it was so important as just now for the
necessities of our legislation. In the next
place, the gentleman says that we have already
the Census Bureau, a bureau of statistics much
more extensive than this would be. I answer
the gentleman by saying, what he well under-
stands, that the Census Bureau is as neaily
valueless for all the practical purposes of legis-
lation as any bureau of statistics could well
be. We reailv have no Census Rm-eau in any
