THE COjNXXEESSIOJS' AL GLOBE.
July 9,
efficient or potential sense: We have not yet
received the results of what was taken as the.
census of 1860, and the whole condition of
our affairs has so changed since then that the
ceport on the ceosus-"sf 1860 will be almost
valueless. But what is more, the Census Bu-
reau never has furnished statistics at all. We
Jo get something from them about manufac-
tures and something on the subject of imports
and exports, but we have nothing on earth that
ii called for in the consideration of propositions
of this kind. *Let the gentleman look at it for
a moment. I ,hold that the excuse which the
Committee of Ways and Means is compelled
to make and is entitled to make to the House
and the country for not having perfected much
earlier in the session a complete tariff bill is
because they have had to work in the original
quarry and "have had nothing furnished to their
hands. t
The revenue commission appointed under
the act of the last session of Congress did
nobly for us in the internal revenue depart-
ment ; but they had not time to go forward
and perform the immense wort of preparing
anything reliable or complete on ±he subject
of imports. See how perfectly the work is
" done in Great Britain, a country which has
reduced the matter to almost an exact science.
We look to that country now for the statistics
even of' our own affairs. Every month there
is published and put in the hands of every legis-
lator of Great Britain a paper containing, most
accurately stated, all the items from which rev-
enue is derived, all the items of importation
and exportation and of the free list, and a com-
plete classification of the navigation, com-
merce, afrd trade of Great Britain; and at
the end of «he year there is a complete sum-
mary made, so that every legislator in that
country can hold in his hand the facts and no
man can stand up and lecture ex cathedrd on
any subject of legislation connected with finance
or taxation unless he is able to lay his finger
on the facts.
Now,,, when a question comes up here and I
am asked to say whether the tariff on a given
article shall be ten per cent, or a hundred per
cent., I want to know all the circumstances and
all the facts about the article; where it is pro-
duced, whether we can produce it or not, what
price it bears in the market, what capital is
invested in producing it, and all other circum-
stances connected with it. But now I am com-
pelled to come here with empty hands, and I
cannot from all the volumes of our Library find
out what I desire to know. It was but the other
day that I called upon the Librarian and kept
him busily at work for half an hour to find for
me the market price of nickel, and he could
not find it in any of our books.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] if he does not
believe that if all the facilities had been fur-
nished to the Committee of Ways and Means
which such a bureau as is here contemplated
could furnish, this tariff bill would have been
perfected anil we would have been able to close
our session by the 1st of June last.
Mr. GARFIELD. We might have been home
by the 1st day of June, with a complete tariff,
and one that would have reflected credit, upon
Congress.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. I do not rise to de-
bate this proposition, but merely to make a
suggestion. The chairman of the Committee
of VVays and Means, 1 understand, will consent
to give us a separate vote in the House upon
the proposition to strike out this section.
Mr. MORRILL. I will consent to that.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of&Ohio. With that
understanding I will withdraw my motion to
strike out this section, and renew it in the
House.
. Mr. KASSON. I move to amend this sec-
tion, by inserting the words "and by what
means the-export traie of the United States
maybe increased" after the words "and the
said Director shall also annually prepare a re- '■
port, to b« laid before Congress, concerning
the general course and influence of trade with
foreign countries, exhibiting the distribution
of the domestic exports of the United States
among them, and the exchange of commod-
ities with them, and the cost of production in
the respective countries wherever attainable."
As my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] in
supporting this section seems to have been in
an error, it leads me to think that others of the
committee may be in error touching the exist-
ence of other statistical officers and bureaus.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrexce,]
who just spoke against, this section, alleged the
existence of the Census Bureau as a reason why
this provision should not be'adopted. And
my other friend from Ohio .[Mr. Garfield]
seemed to concur in that supposition. N ow,
sir, the fact is that the Census Bureau does not
now«xist. We have made no appropriations
for it for two years past, and its duties are now
being wound up by the officers and clerks of the
General Land Office in the Department of the
Interior. And thus it is that the statistical
bureau connected with the census, or estab-
lished for that purpose, has ceased to exist.
And in regard to other officers still existing,
charged with the aggregation and presentation
of such statistics, I have to say that the statis-
tics for the year 1865, which we ought to have
had one year ago, are not even yet laid before
Congress. Our statistics in regard to com-
merce and navigation are so far behind also
as to be nearly useless. Other nations of the
world, having more appreciation of its advan-
tages or more enterprise and tact, have long
ago been in possession of such information.
Now, sir, no legislation touching the commerce
of the country is of any account unless it rests
upon statistics of our own production and com-
merce and the production and commerce of
other countries. Aud those statistics should
be recent, as gentlemen about me remark, in
order that we may keep up tn the great com-
mercial race with the other nations of the
world.
I had occasion some three years ago to as-
certain the extraordinary difference between
the habit of other countries in this respect and
our own. They have all the tact and shrewd-
ness and diligence that belong to a private
merchant or to a private manufacturer in the
development of his own interests and the
•extension of his own circle of trade. Their
commercial treaties are strict bargains, like
those which merchants make with each other.
Wc arc behindhand entirely in this respect,
and our Government loses a very marked
advantage in the development of the com-
mercial interests of this country.
If I understand the object of the Committee
of Ways and Means, it is to provide a Bureau
of Statistics to remedy our deficiencies; and by
the terms of this section they do provide it.
And if it is adopted we shall keep up these
statistics as rapidly as the bureau can obtain
them and'submit them to the commercial inter-
ests to enlighten and enlarge its operations.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a word or
two before this shall pass from our considera-
tion. While we are legislating for all parts of
the country and for various objects, we may
very well legislate a little in our own behalf.
In other nations, England and France, for
i example, the executive departments aid in
! making out the bills and presenting them to
! the various committees for their consideration.
But here no such practice prevails, and perhaps
ought-not to prevail. But we ought to have
some access to the information which is abso-
lutely necessary for the proper preparation and
consideration of bills to be* presented to Con-
gress for its action. Bylaw the printing of our
reports on commerce and navigation is to be
completed by the 1st of December succeeding
the close of each fiscal year, and yet it is noto-
rious that for the last three or four years those
reports have been not only one year but some-
times more than two years behindhand. Yet
the Journal of Commerce newspaper of New
: \(srk city publishes in tly main the roturns^of
tho custom house of that e>ty. which comprise
three fourths of all the importations of "the
country, in a very few weeks after the close
of each "fiscal year or quarter. But the Gov-
ernment here' at Washington is unable or un-
willing to force its officers at New York to
make the same returns here that are given to
that newspaper.
Sir, for one I regard the prbvisions contained
in this section as eminently proper. We ought
to be able to have returns here, not only upon
this subject, but upon all the various subjects
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] in season to enable the Committee
of Ways and Means and other committees to
know accurately the facts upon which they are
called to legislate. And while I am upon the
floor I desire to say this in relation to the future
action of the committee and of the House upon
this bill. I do not propose that we shall come
to a vote upon it in the House to-night. There
are some three or four gentlemen who desire
to occupy ten or fifteen minutes each in the
general discussion of the bill. That discussion
I propose to allow to-morrow. But it is neces-
sary that we should take a little time between
this and to-morrow to look over the bill, in
order to determine what were regarded as con-
tested questions, so that the House' may know
upon what amendments it will be necessary to
take the vote by yeas and nays. There are also
several amendments which it is proposed may-
be offered and voted upon in the House. Ana ■
then there are some blanks yet to be filled. I trust
the friends of the bill will allow it to go to the
House, and also allow this discussion upon it.
And I trust, also, that the vote will be allowed
to be taken upon the various amendments be-
fore any test question on the bill shall be taken.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object to the arrangement proposed by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] pro-
vided he will agree not to calj the previous
question, so as to cut off any motion to post-
pone the.consideration of this bill to some time
in December next.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] knows it is not neces-
sary to make any such stipulation as that,
because the House can refuse to second the
call for the previous question, if the call should
be made, should they desire to postpone the
bill as the gentleman suggests.
Mr. DAWES. .1 desire also to have an un-
derstanding with the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] that I may be permitted to
make a motion to recommit this bill with in-
structions to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 think the motions I have
already consented to allow to be made are
sufficient for the purpose of testing the feeling
of the House in regard to this bill.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Kassox to section twentv-three of the
bill.
" The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the last
word of the twenty-third section, simply for
the purpose of inquiring of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] if ho will permit me
to move in the House to recommit, this bill and
pending amendments to the Committee of Ways
and Means with instructions to report the same
back at any time. If not, I shall be obliged
to move that the committee rise and recom-
mend that to the House. I will make that mo-
tion unless I can accomplish the purpose with-
out it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will permit that, as 'I
desire the bill shall be put in the shape in which
the House wants it before a test vote is taken.
Of course this is with the understanding that
there shall be no motion to lay on the tabl^,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 submit the fol-
lowing proposition:
Resolved, That the committee rise and report the
bill to tho House with a recommendation that it be
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and Means
with instructions to report a bill embracing the first
section- of the pending bill; the sixth and twellth
, sections, as originally reported, and including the
amendment?, relative to the dnfy r>il Ion find coffee ;
