294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Bights of Citizens—Mr. Shdlabarger.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
created by it at all, unless it shall be proved
(in addition to the proof of the other facts re-
quired by-the common law, or by the "other
provisions and terms of this act, to be estab-
lished to make out the offense charged) that the
act was done with the criminal intent of pre-
venting the injured party from enjoying the
invaded right in the State where he is injured.
In other words, the act creates no offense of
which the United States can take jurisdiction,
unless the intent is proved, to prevent an Amer-
ican citizen from sojourning or staying or tak-
ing up abode or from doing business and the
like in that State, or, what is the same thing,
in that part of it where his interests and choice
lead him to attempt the exercise of these priv-
ileges. The act, therefore, does not attempt
to punish an ordinary wrong, such as murder,
assaults, &c., of which the States have juris-
diction. It only attempts to see to it that the
citizens of the United States shall have what
it is solemnly and expressly declared by their
national Constitution they shall be "entitled
to in the several States.''
With these preliminary remarks, I now wish
to condense into the shortest possible space
a statement of the authority for saying that
Congress can pass a law enforcing this right.
The first authority I introduce in support of
the bill is the fact that Congress has already
exorcised its legislative power in enforcing this
identical clause of the Constitution. This was
done in a way which asserts the power of Con-
gress to enforce the rights of citizens, as se-
cured by this clause, more emphatically, if
possible, than this bill does, because it was
done in the repeal or abrogation of a clause
of a State constitution which seemed to invade
the privileges guarantied by this clause of the
Constitution of the United States.
By a joint resolution of March 2, 1821, (see
0 United States Statutes, 645,) it was declared
that the State of Missouri should bo admitted
into the Union—
"Upon the fundamental condition that the fourth
clause of the twenty-sixth section of the third article
of her constitution 'shall nover bo construed to au-
thorize the |)ys-:a:-:e of ally law. :uld no law shall bo
passed in conformity thereto, by which any citizen
of either of the Sta tes of tho Union shall be excluded
from the enjoyment of any of the privileges or immu-
nities to which such citizen is entitled under the Con-
stitution of the United States.'"
These are the words of this act, and the
Legislature was required to assent to it. Now,
it will be seen that Congress solemnly enacted
for the entire future of the State of Missouri
that "no law shall bo passed" by which any
citizen of either of the States of the Union
should be excluded from any rights of citizens
of the United States as secured by the Consti-
tution. And this statute is yet in force. By
this memorable act of Congress, passed in that
first great contest of the free spirit of our
Constitution with the despotism of slavery, it
was settled, and has ever since by its contin-
uance in force stood confessed that it is the
duty of Congress to secure, by appropriate
legislation, to the citizens of each State the
privileges of the American citizen in the sev-
eral States.
I next refer to legislation by Congress en-
forcing other provisions of the Constitution,
the validity of which legislation has been estab-
lished by decisions of the courts, bythe settled
practices of our Government, and by the com-
mon consent and acquiescence of the people;
but which depends for its validity upon identic-
ally the same principle as the bill before the
House depends upon. The bill before the
House rests for its constitutionality upon two
propositions of constitutional law, both of which
are now so firmly established as to have become
postulates in discussions determining upon the
validity of an act of Congress. One of these
the Supreme Court of the United States ex-
presses in the case of Jones vs. Van Zant, (5
Howard, 229, 230,) in these words. The duty
is upon the Government—
"Of enforcing, by appropriate legislation, every
constitutional provision, whether in favor of itself or
others. This grows out of the position and nature of
sucli a Government; andis as imperative in eases not
enumerated specially, in respect to such legislation,
as in others."
The other postulate is thus expressed in
United States vs. Fisher, (2 Cranch, 358:)
"The power to make all laws necessary and proper
to carry into execution the powers granted confers
on Congress a choice of means and does not confine
it to what is indispensably necessary."
If these two principles do not embrace in
them the power and duty of " enforcing, by
appropriate legislation," that supremely im-
portant and imperative provision of the Con-
stitution which declares, the citizens of the
United States "shall be entitled to all the priv-
ileges of such citizens in the several States,"
then we have no power to pass this, or, indeed,
any other law enforcing any provisions of the
Constitution in any "case not enumerated
specially in respect to such legislation."
Let us now look at some of the laws which
this Government has kept in force during all
its existence, and which rest for their validity
upon no express grant of power to Congress
to enact the law, but upon the—■
"Duty of Congress, by the aid of appropriate legis-
lation, to enforce every constitutional provision."
A duty which—
" Is as imperative in cases not enumerated specially
in respect to such legislation as in others."
Justice Story declares that— «
"The various instances in- which Congress, in the
progress of the Government, have mado use of inci-
dental and implied means to execute its powers it is
almost impracticable to enumerate, if it were not use-
less. They are almost infinitely varied in their ram-
ifications and details."—2 titory's Constitution, 145.
Indeed, a glance at the subject will show that
those acts of Congress which rest alone for
validity upon the implied powers of the Govern-
ment compose almost, if not quite, a majority
of all the acts of Congress ever passed. There
is no express power given in the Constitution
to erect forts or magazines or light-houses or
piers or buoys or public buildings or to make
surveys of the coast. (2 Story, 143.)
There is no power expressly given to Con-
gress to acquire territory or to make a govern-
ment for or exercise jurisdiction over any Ter-
ritory, (2 Story, 1*14;) nor to bring an)' suit,
(lb.;) nor to make any contract, (lb.;) nor to
create any corporation, (4 Wheaton, 400;) nor to
make any military road, work, or defense what-
ever ; nor any custom-house ; nor to remove an
obstruction from or to improve any harbor or
navigable river ; nor to lay embargoes, (2 Story,
170, and 5 McLean, 426;) nor to establish a
military or naval academy ; nor to secure ex-
emption to nor protection of the officers of the
United States, (2 Story, section 1246;) nor to
protect any property of the United States ; nor
to punish crimes by citizens committed on
ships-of-war; nor to punish robberies or other
crimes against the United States mails; nor
even to provide for carrying the mails. (3 Mc-
Lean, 393.) You have no express power by
the Constitution to protect the sessions of this
body, nor to punish any breach of its priv-
ileges.
Such a mere glance at the subject shows how
vast, both in number and importance, are the
subjects as to which this Government's powers
exist only by implication. The very first act
of Congress ever passed was dated 1st June,
1789, and related to the vital matter of pro-
viding for the administration of oaths of public
officers ; and its constitutionality was denied,
(2 Story, 106,) because there was no express
power to enact it. What is said with so much
emphasis by Justice Story (Constitution, section
1255) was very early in our history found to
be true, to wit, that the provision of the Con-
stitution enabling Congress "to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution" the provisions of the Con-
stitution, was necessary—
" To remove all possible doubt respecting the right
to legislate on that vast mass of incidental powers
which must be involved in the Constitution if that
instrument be not a splendid pageant or a delusive
phantom of sovereignty."
" There is besides the power of Congress arising out
of that clause just cited, another sort of implied
power which has been called with great propriety a
resulting power arising from tho aggregate powers
of tho General Government."—2 Story, Constitution,
section 1265.
This general statement about the implied
powers of the Government is made to show
how utterly idle it is to say that it is unconsti-
tutional to pass a law enforcing the express
provision of the Constitution that the citizens
"shall be entitled" to their rights in all the
States merely because the Constitution does
not say in express words that Congress may
pass a law on that subject. What I have said
shows that probably half the laws ever passed
by Congress would be rendered unconstitu-
tional by such a rule ; and it also shows that
this bill rests upon the same authority which
supports a vast mass of the legislation of the
United States.
Bu,t, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of show-
ing how impregnable arc the foundations of
this bill, in the authorities of the Constitu-
tion, and to make the assurance of its validity
doubly sure, I wish now to refer to cases where
the Congress has exercised the power to en-
force the provisions of the Constitution by
criminal enactments, which, in principle, are
not distinguishable from this bill. I will take
only a few.
There is no power given to Congress to pass
a law punishing any offense by one not in the
service of the United States for a crime com-
mitted upon a ship-of-war. (2 Story, sec.
125G.) And yet the right to pass such a law
is as well established as the Government itself.
(3 Wheaton, 388; 7 Cranch, 150; 2 Peters,
439.) Or take the case of the act of July 7,
1830, section twelve, (Brightly, 203,) imprison-
ing in penitentiary for not over ten years every
person employed on any steamboat, by whose
misconduct any person's life is destroyed, and
this, too, although the act may be done upon
any water within the criminal jurisdiction of
the States. There is nowhere any express
power to pass such a law. And yet the courts
have held invariably what Judge McLean says
in United States vs. Warner, (4 McLean, 100,)
that "this is a subject clearly within the power
of Congress." (See 5 McLean, 242; Whar-
ton on Homicide, 507.) The authority for this
criminal legislation by which the United States
punishes men for crimes committed in the body
of the States, and where the States can try and
punish the same persons for the same acts, is
only to be found by implication as arising out
of that clause of the Constitution which author-
izes Congress "to regulate commerce among
the several States." (9 Wheaton, 1—Gibbons
vs. Ogden.)
Or take the twentieth section of the act of
3d of March, 1825, (4 Statutes-at-Large, 121,)
punishing the uttering of foreign coin made in
the similitude of the coin of the United States
Mint. There is no express power to pass such
a law to be found anywhere in the Constitution.
In the case of United States vs. Marigold (9
Howard, 508,) the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States says that the clause authorizing the
punishment of counterfeiting coin does not em-
brace the offense of uttering such coin, and then
proceeds to trace and find the power of Con-
gress to punish the uttering of such coin to be
not expressly given in the Constitution, but
only to arise incidentally out of either one of
the two clauses, to wit, that relating to the
regulation of commerce, or that authorizing
the coining of money. Upon this subject the
Supreme Court uses this language, to which I
beg attention:
" Congress had the constitutional powerto pass this
law. Under the p'owcr to regulate commerce, Con-
gress can exclude, either wholly or partially, any
subject falling within the legitimate sphere of com-
mercial regulation, and under the power to coin
money and regulate the value thereof Congress can
protect the creature and object of that power."
We have seen that the fundamental rights
