1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
simply provides that that error shall not work
against them, that other testimony than the
mere enrollment may be taken to show that
they were free at that time. It does not, how-
ever, alter the principle of the existing law, for
it gives no bounty to a person who was not free
before the 19th of April, 1861.
The object of the additional amendment
which I have proposed is to remedy a difficulty
which is now experienced in settling balances
due to colored soldiers who have died in the
service. There is a difficulty in determining
who are their heirs, and who is entitled to re-
ceive any part of their bounty or back pay.
This amendment puts it on the same ground
that Congress adopted in making free the wives
and children of colored soldiers ; it accepts the
facts. The thing can work no wrong to any-
body, but will do justice. I hope, certainly,
there will be no opposition to it.
The PEES IDENTj^'o tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special prder, which
is Senate bill No. (51.
Mr. WILSON. Ifthe Senator from Maryland,
who is entitled to the floor on that bill, will
yield it for three or four minutes, I think wo
may pass this resolution. •
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution before the Senate will be'proceededwith
by common consent. The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The resolution was ordered to bo engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third
time, and passed. On motion of Mr. Wilson,
its title was amended so as to road: "A joint
resolution respecting bounties to colored sol-
diers, and the pensions, bounties, and allow-
ances to their heirs."
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing voles of the two Houses on the
bill (II. 1!,. No 8(i) mailing additional appro-
priations, and (o supply deficiencies in (he
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, l.SM, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (S. No. 117) for the relief of F.
A. Patterson, late captain of the third Virginia
cavalry.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 450) to extend the benefits
of section four of an act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 18UG; and
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 105) giving
construction to the law in relation to bounties
payable to soldiers discharged for wounds.
The message further announced that the
Ilonse of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 105) to grant the right of way to the
Cascade Railroad Company through a mili-
tary reserve in Washington Territory, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
enrolled bills sionld.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills ; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro lcm}>oi e:
A bill (8. No. b')) for the relief of J. 13. Rit-
teuhouse, Heel paymaBter of the Pacific squad-
ion : and
A bill (S. No. 82) granting a pension to
Sarah FiUi-ibbon.
CIVIL RIGHTS BILL VETO MESSAGE.,
The Senate resumed the reconsideration of
the bill (S. No. 61) to protect all persons in
the United Slates in their civil rights and to
furnish the means of their vindication, which
had been returned by the President of the
United States with his objections.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, in the
discussion which I propose to give to the meas-
ure before the Senate, I need hardly say that
I shall not be influenced by any party motive.
The questions which are before us are in part
strictly legal questions, and in part questions
of policy. The objections which the President
makes to the bill, and which have induced him
to return it without his approval, relate as well
to the expediency of the measure as to its al-
leged unconstitutionality. I do not understand
that the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary denies that the first ground of ob-
jection is as good a one for the application of
the presidential power of veto as the second.
The purpose of clothing the Presidentwith that
power was first to guard his own department
against encroachments by the legislative de-
partment, to guard the States against the like
encroachments, and to guard the individual
citizen also; but in addition to that object, one
of the purposes of the Convention was to guard
against inexpedient and ill-considered legisla-
tion. Looking to what had taken place in the
Congress of the Confederacy, and to what had
occuircd in the several State governments, the
members of the Convention of 1787 were sat-
isfied that it was almost as neccssary to the
public weal to protcct the country against in-
expedient legislation as it was to protect it
against unconstitutional legislation. It has
heretofore, by some, been doubted whether
the President is justified in using the power ex-
cept upon constitutional ground. That prin-
ciple was, in part, urged by the leading- mem-
bers of the Whig parly, at the head of which
stood Mr. Clay, when they became very much
dissatisfied with the exercise of that power by
the then President of the United States, Gen-
eral Jackson; and the fact being called to the
attention of Mr. Madison, he expressed his
opinion upon it in a letter, written wilh the
ability which always marked his writings, dated
on the ] 5th of Octobcr, 183-1, in which he said:
" Another novelty of great practical importance is
tho alleged limitation uf the qualified veto ot the
President to constitutional objections. Tlint, it ex-
tends to eases ol inexpediency also, and was so under-
stood and so vindicated, (see the Federalist,; cannot,
be doubted. My veto to the bank was expre->!y to
tho inexpediency of its plan, and tho_ validityof tho
veto was never questioned." — Madiaoas Writings,
vol. 4, p. 3(19.
The honorable member from Illinois seems
to suppose that, he finds a valid objection to
the exercise of this power by tho President,
in this instance, in the fact that the bill itself
was passed by more than two thirds of the
members of each Rouse; and he cites, in sup-
port of that doctrine, a speech delivered by the
President when ho was a member of this body,
in 1860, in which the Senate, perhaps, were in-
duced by what the honorable member read
from the part of the speech to which he called
our attention, to believe that the Presidenthad
stated the principle to be that a bill so passed
could not constitutionaliy be subjected to the
veto power. If he had read the latter part of
the same sentence, he would have found that
the President intended no such tiling. Let mo
read a passage that the honorable member
omitted to read:
"I am one of those who have always been the
advocate of tho veto power under the Constitution.
When bare majorities have parsed bills it is a salu-
tary cheek to arrest what may be called hasty and
intemperate legislation. I have advocated its exer-
cise, though seldom and cautiously, in^that view;
but, sir, when, according to the spirit, if not accord-
ing to the exact letter, of the Constitution, a measure
has been passed by a two-thirds vote ot both Houses,
after a discussion of tiftccn years, showing that it is
not hasty or improvident legislation—I sav, respect
to the public judgment of tile nation, respect to both
Houses i:j'CV-jivf' v-, shouldha\e been agieat induce-
ment to the Exeeutive to approve such a toll."
And of the soundness of that doctrine I sup-
pose there will not be two opinions'. Then,
Mr. Johnson, when lie was a member'of ttSs
body, merely stated that the fact that a . bill
had been passed by a majority of that kind,
a majority rendered necessary for the purpose
of overruling a veto, was a reason why th'e
President should very cautiously apply the
power for its defeat. Rut so far from its being
the judgment of the Senate, as it certainly was
not his, that a bill's being passed by that major-
ity took it out of the veto power, the honor-
able member's answer to a question which I
propounded to him at the close of his speech
shows that, in the judgment of the Senate, the
veto power was properly exercised, for the bill
which in that instanco had been passed by
more than two thirds of both branches did not
become a law, as many of those who had voted
in favor of the bill changed their votes under
the influence of the President's veto message.
Now, in order to see exactly whether it was
proper in the President to disapprove of this
bill, it becomes necessary to ascertain with
precision what the bill is. The honorable
member from Illinois insists upon it that there
is no scetion in it that is not clearly constitu-
tional. He maintains the constitutionality of
the first section upon the ground, first, that it
is merely declaratory of what the law is, and
secondly, that if it is not declaratory, it is a
law which Congress has a right to make, be-
cause, in his judgment, it is within the power
of Congress by law to declare who shall be
citizens of the United States.
The honorable member referred to the decis-
ion of Chief Justice Marshall in a case re-
ported in 0 Peters for the purpose of showing
that a citizen of the United States who has
been naturalized and who resides in a State of
the United States has a right to go into the
courts of the United States. The honorable
member clearly, as I think, misapprehended
the decision to which he referred. 'The ques-
tion before the court was, whether it appeared
upon the face of the pleadings that the party
going into the court below had a right to go
into that court as a court of the United States.
Under tho Constitution of the United States,
and tho act of 1789, which was passed to carry
out its provisions, the jurisdiction of tho courts
of the United States, where it was made to
depend upon the character of the parties, was
given only in cases where tho party plaintiff
and the party defendant were citizens of differ-
ent Stales ; and the question before the court
was whether it appeared upon the face of the
declaration in the particular case that the party
plaintiff was a citizen of a State and, as such,
entitled to go into the courts of the United
States. The language of the declaration was
that he was a naturalized citizen of the United
States residing in the State of Louisiana. The
court came to tho conclusion that that aver-
ment was equivalent to an averment that he
was a citizen of the State of Louisiana, in the
absence of anything to the contrary. But that
is not the question which this bill presents.
He became a citizen under the naturalization
laws of the United States, and the authority
of Congress to pass such laws could not be
doubted. The effect of the exercise of that
authority was merely to rid the particular party
of the disabilities arising from alienage and to
give him the capacity of becoming a citizen
of the United States. When tho declaration,
therefore, averred that the original disability
of alienage was removed in that instance by
the party becoming a citizen under tho natural-
ization laws, the only other question upon which
( the case before the court turned was, whether
! lie had sufficiently averred in his declaration
j that lie was a citizen of a different State from
| the State in which the other party resided;
; and the court decided that an averment of a
| residence in a Statejaf one who was alleged to
bo a citizen of the United Stales was equiva-
lent to an averment that he was a citizen of
the State: and I suppose no oue could well
' have doubled before, or will now doubt, that
the decision was a legitimate one.
But that is not this case. This bill, in its
first section, makes ail wlio were born ii the
