1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
a million acres of land that we sell at $2 50
per acre, by my reading of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. It may be 
Mr. HEXDR1CKS. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me a moment. Tlie Sen-
ator from Kansas is mistaken. This bill allows
the scrip that may be issued according to its
provisions to be located upon any land of the
United States subject to private entry at SI ^5
per acre. It expressly excludes the location
upon any land the price of which is above
SI i'j an acre. Any lands that are of less value
than ?1 '2i an acre may bo located with the
scrip, and not any above that price. I will read
the provision to tho Senator from Kansas so
there shall be no question about it:
That there be granted to the cities of "Washington
and (reorccetovrn and tho county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, one million acrcs of the
lands of tho United States subiect, to private entry at
SI 2o per acre, or less than that bum.
The same provision is carried into the section
regulating the location of the scrip, the second
section, which I will also read:
And the assignees of such scrip may locate the sime
upon any unoccupied public land of the United Slates
subiect to sale at SI 23 per acre, or less.
In the Committee on Public Lands, with a
great deal of reluctance 1 could not agree to
favor this bill, Iratl gave the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts a little assistance in framing it, and
1 think that if it is tho purpose of Congress at
all to aid the cause of education in this District
this perhaps is as safe a bill as can be drawn.
In drafting ihc amendment it was the purpose
to avoid the dillieulties that, have been suggested
by Senators. J think no Senator appreciates in
a higher degree the injury done to a new coun-
try by large quantities of the land falling into
the hands of non-residents, and I certainly
should not, in drafting oi aiding to diaft any
bill, seek to bring about such a icsult. 1 would
desiie to a\uid it, and it is avoided by the pro-
visions of this bill, as far as it is possible in the
natuieof the case. The land its-elf is not given
to the District of Columbia; neither of the ci1 ies
nor the county can locate the land. The Sec-
retary of tho Interior issues scrip representing
upon its face a million acres, in suitable sixes
for location, as is provided in the agricultural
college law of two or three years ago. The Sec-
retary of the Interior will issue to each of these
cities scrip, as the population of the city may
entitle it to. and the city will then sell the scrip
in the market, and the purchaser of the scrip
will locate the land in the western States or Ter-
ritories. This does not cause the lands of the
western States and Territories to fall into the
hands of non-residents to a greater extent than
existing laws will allow. Land warrants that
have been issued to soldiers are located in the
same way. The scrip that is issued by the In-
terior Department under the agricultural col-
lege law is located precisely in the same way.
*Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator say that if
this bill shall pass there will not be any greater
facilities than there are now? It is true that
under the land-warrant system vast quantities
of land were taken up, whole counties, and are
held now by non-residents and unoccupied, be-
cause the warrants could be got at the rate ot
about seventy or eighty cents an acre. When
this scrip is bought at twenty, twenty-five, or
thirty cents an acre the owner of it can afford
to enter and hold the land for a long time and
pay taxes on it, when lie could not afford to
enter it and hold it and pay taxes on it if he
entered the "and at SI 2o an acre. That is the
difference between an entry under the scrip sys-
tem authorized by this act and the present sys- ]
tem of paving SI 25 an acre.
Mr. HEXDlUCKS. Certainly, I understand
that,, and I did not wish to be understood as i
saving that speculators would be as likely to buy 1
land with money at SI 25 an aeie as to locate it,
with scrip which costs tliein eighty cents. My !
purposewastosayjustthis: thatitgivesthesame
opportunity, and no greater opportunity than is
given by the agricultural college law, or the
bonuU land warrant law. It is the purchaser of j
the scrip who makes the location. A wants to go 1
into the western country to buy lands; he finds
this scrip in market at eighty cents an acre, and lie
buys it oruses it, whether lor purposes of specu-
lation or for the purpose of a homestead I can-
not say. There are many citizens who would
prefer to buy this scrip when they wish to get
a homestead in tho western country, rather
than locate under the provisions of the home-
stead bill. I was an advocate of that bill when
a member of the otlici House, and if I had
been in Congress at the time of its passage, 1
should have voted for the homestead bill; but
there is a serious difficulty in the location of
lands anywhere under the homestead bill. Act-
ual settlement and continued occupation for a
series of years, I think live years, are required
before tho settler gets a title. If 1 were going
to make a home and a farm in the western
country, if 1 could possibly raise the money to
buy the scrip at eighty cents and locate it on
the land. I would prefer it rather than have my
title held up in the General Land Office live
years, and at the end of that time have to prove
continued occupation and improvement through
a series of years.
I have not been in favor of appropriating tho
public hinds to any purposes outside of the land
States themselves, and there lore had 1 been in
Congress 1 should lie', in all probability, have
voted for tho agricultural college bill, but I am
not able to see how any Senator who suppoited
that measure can oppose the piesent, measiue.
This bill proposes to use thepubliclands to edu-
cate tho children of the District of Columbia.
Is that a purpose to v, Inch the Government of
the Cuitcd States is willing to lend its aid and
support? This District of Columbia is under
the legislation of Congress, and if the District
were a part of a State in which there were pub-
lic lands. 1 should certainly \ ote for such a meas-
ure as this : but ha\ ing no inl crest in the public
lands, except as its citizens form a portion of
the population of the 1'nited States. I am not
willing to vote for it for that, simple reason.
Rut the framework of the bill is not subject to
tlie objections thai ha\obeen tugeestod, as 1
think. If the District of Columbia could go out
into Kansas and locate torty miles square, the
objection of the Senator, lrom Kansas would
ha\ e very great force, it would certainly control
the action of Congress: but if the District of
Columbia is simply authorized to issue scrip
and sell it to all the person", who maj wish to
buy lands there for homes or for other put poses,
the bill is certainly not objectionable to the rea-
sons so earnestly urged by the Senatoi from
Kansas.
.Mr. LAX E, of Kansas. I riiould hko to ariv
the Senater from Indiana what i - the inherence
between iho.-c two eitie : going into Kansas and
locating that land in a body, or permitting the
scrip to go. as it, will go, into the hards of a
company of men or one individual of wealth
who will locate it in a body. \\ c have had
some experience m
this. That is to be the re-
sult. It is not to be divided out among actual
settlers, but to be sold to speculators and to be
entered in a body to remain there to curse mv
children and tlie children of the citizens of
Kansas and other new States.
Mr. HEXDRICKS. 'Hie question of the
Senator from Kansas 1 will try to answer. If
one man could bey this scrip and go and locate
the whole ol it in Kansas, the objection would
be well urged, but wo have got to take facts as
they are. We know that no one iudb iuual is
going to bnV this scrip. We know from the
history of the past that this scrip will fall into
the hands of thousands ami perhaps hundred;
of thousands of people, if thci e were enough lor
that purpose.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There, was scrip
issued to the Sac and Fox Indians m our State.
One hundred and ton thousand acres of that
scrip fell into tho hands of one individual, thirty
thousand to another, and twenty-odd thousand
to another There are over one hundred and
sixtv thousand acres of land to be held bv throe
individuals in the center of our Stale, on scrip
similar to this, issued iu the same way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a singular cir-
cumstance that I never heard of before. My
attention had never been called to the Indian
scrip. I believe Indian matters are very likely
to hill into the hands of a few persons. It
seems that (he Indians are used for the benefit
of a very few people, and their scrip seems
to result to the benefit of a very few people.
Xow, I know tlie fact that the land warrants
that weie issued to the soldiers under the acts
of 1850 and 1855 did not fall into tho hands of
a few men, and I understand the fact to be that
the scrip that is being sold by the States under
the agricultural college law does not fall into
the hands of a few men, hut is purchased by
men as they desire and need it, very much of
it falling into the hands of men who make
homes upon the lands where they locate the
scrip.
This is all I desire to say, simply that this
hill is framed as carefully as a bill can be, I
think, to secure the ends intended, and also to
prevent the accumulation of the lands in tho
hands of non-residents, to secure the fund per-
manently for the benefit of schools in this Dis-
trict : and the money that is received cannot be
used for the support, of schools, but whenieal-
izod is to bo invested io Government stock and
the inteiest used for the support of schools.
Should this scrip sell for eighty cents per acre,
as suggested by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, it would bring S800,000; that at six per
cent,, would be $ ly.OOO a jear, which would be
a great benefit to the schools. If on principle
I could support the bill, I should be very happy
to do so.
Mr. STEWART. I think we might avoid
the difficulty of the scrip going on the market
for a trifle by a slight amendment. I move to
amend iu the ninth line of the second section,
after the woid ''sold,1' by inserting l;at not
less than eighty cents per acre."
The I'll !iSl DIN G OFFICER. That amend-
ment will not be in order until a vote is taken
on the pending amendment. The present ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. MOKU1 LL. 1 do not know that I ought
to mingle in the debate on this subject. I con-
sider it so peculiarly a western question that I
feel some little delicacy in saying anything on
the subject, but from my connection wit!i the
Committee on the District of Columbia. I feel
a little interest in the passage of the bill, if it
can be passed without violating the interest
which is represented here by Senators. In my
country we make provision directly out, of the
public lieu-airy in suppoit of the schools. If
the people in the Disirict of Columbia had a
treasury. I should think that a better way; but
ihey lnue not, and they aie obliged to rely in
great part upon the action of Congress.
Xow, what has particularly struck me is the
character of the opposition to the bill. It is
said in the first place that a grant of one million
acres will not amount to anything, will come
to nothing at all; that it will not benefit the
schools; not more than S50,000, it is said, will
ever be raised to these cities for the benefit of
the schools. 1 do not know how that will be.
If that is so if would be an argument against
tho measure. I agi ee. V\ hether it is so or not,
I do not know. I cannot understand exactly
how it can be so, because it, is said that the
lands which have hitherto boon granted, the
moment they have passed out of the hands of
the Government, as a general thing, partieu-
lailv in the case of the railroad grants, (and
I believe the honorable Senator from Iowa
s-eemed to argue that it had the same effect if
vou granted die lands for schools.) have been
mcrensed in value twofold. If th it is so. or if
the result is anything in that proportion, we
ought to expect a very hrge return.
Then it is said bv the Senator lrom Kansas
that this bill ought not to pass, because it will
j be peculiarly oppressive to his State, and he
j a-nines that it would be practicable to locate
I fottv mile-, square iu one body, for speculators
I to cover that quantity of land with this scrip
