1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295-
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Bights of Citizens—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
of national citizenship are the " creatures" of
the American Constitution. Shall we be told
that this "creature" is of less value or less
entitled to demand the protection of this Gov-
ernment than the coin is which the Govern-
ment makes ? If not, then indeed may Con-
gress protect this "creature and object of its
power." It must be here noted again that
this act of Congress punishes this act of ut-
tering counterfeit coin within the body of the
States, and this, too, although the State may
punish the same man for the identical act for
which he had been already indicted and pun-
ished under this act of Congress. This is be-
cause the same act may be a violation of the
laws of both governments, the State and the
national. This has been expressly decided in
the Supreme Court of the United States in
several cases: Fox vs. Ohio, 5 Howard, 410;
Moore vs. Illinois, 14 Howard, 13. I submit
that it is beyond the powers of reason, logic,
or law, to show how it is that the power to
regulate commerce between the States enables
the United States to punish as crimes negligent
acts of steamboat officers, and the uttering of
spurious foreign coin, and that, too, within the
jurisdiction of the States, and yet that logic be
able to show that the constitutional enactment
that United States citizens " shall be entitled"
to these national privileges and immunities
gives no power to Congress to carry out this
provision of the Constitution.
It may be said that the difference is in the
fact that the Constitution says expressly that
Congress shall have power to regulate com-
merce, to coin money, but that it does not say
that Congress shall have any power upon this
subject-matter of the rights of citizenship. I
answer this in two ways. First, I answer it by
a direct denial of the assertion that the Con-
stitution does not expressly give to Congress
power to legislate upon any matter as near
akin to these rights of citizenship as is the
preservation of life upon steamboats akin to
the regulation of commerce. I assert that the
entire subject-matter of this bill is far more
directly and plainly within the power to regu-
late commerce between the States than is neg-
ligence on steamboats or uttering spurious coin
with the scope of that clause. What kind of
commerce could there bo between the States
if the hostility of either the laws or of the indi-
viduals of the States were permitted to exclude
men of other States from passing into or'through,
or sojourning in or doing business in such hos-
tile State? Is it not absolutely self-evident
that if this clause as to the privileges and im-
munities of citizens in the several States did
not exist in the Constitution, yet all the powers
assumed by this bill would amply exist in the
other provisions of the Constitution?
But, Mr. Speaker, I now turn to the presen-
tation of an argument which is utterly conclu-
sive of this and every other objection to the
constitutionality of this bill. It is this: that
other provisions of the Constitution which, like
the one upon which this bill is framed, merely
declare rights to exist, but as to which no
express grant of power to legislate for their
securement is contained in the Constitution,
have been held, by conclusive and overwhelm-
ing authority, to be capable of being enforced
by both the civil and criminal legislation of
Congress. Let us look at one of these. Take
that second clause of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution touching fugi-
tive slaves, which is in these words:
"No person held to service or labor in one State
under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged from such service or labor, but shall be
delivered up on claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due."
There is no px'ovision anywhere in the Con-
stitution that Congress shall have power to pass
any law, civil or criminal, to prevent "any
law or regulation" of a State from discharging
a person owing service ; nor compelling such
person owing service to "be delivered up to
the party to whom the labor is due." If there
be any power to enforce, by legislation, this
right to the person owing service, then it is
merely an implied power, arising out of the
assertion in the Constitution of the existence
of the right. And this clause too is one where
the Constitution designed to prevent one State,
and its people, from taking away the constitu-
tional rights of citizens of other States. In
this respect it is like the clause on which this
bill is founded. It is impossible to conceive
of a principle upon which can be rested the
claim that civil and criminal laws of Congress
can be enacted and executed within the States,
as valid and constitutional, enforcing this pro-
vision of the Constitution in favor of slavery,
and yet it be unconstitutional, by civil and
criminal laws, to enforce in all the States the
rights of liberty which inhere in American
citizenship.
Now, what has been the action of your Gov-
ernment touching the enforcement within the
body of the States of tliia clause as to fugitive
slaves ? The fugitive slave law of 1793, in the
fourth section, punished as an " offense," and
by fine, any one who willfully obstructed the
seizure of the slave, or who concealed such
slave ; and the other sections provided for that
seizure, &e. The law of 1850 also enforces,
by highly criminal provisions, this clause of
the Constitution. It would be an abuse of the
intelligence and patience of the House to
detain it by a review of the decisions of the
States and of the nation sustaining the consti-
tutionality of the laws. 1 shall, however, enu-
merate a few of the leading cases for the pur-
pose of showing Jiow utterly irresistible they
are in authority and how overwhelming in
number. As both the law of 1793 and 1850
contained penal and civil remedies enforcing a
constitutional right, as to which the Constitu-
tion gave no express power to Congress^ to
legislate, both acts are identical in asserting
the vital principle upon which this bill rests;
and the cases which 1 enumerate sustaining
the one or other of these laws are equally
applicable to this measure, and directly aliirm
the principle on which itrests.
The following are some of the eases where
this power of Congress to enforce, by proper
legislation, any constitutional right, although
the right is not one of those "enumerated
especially in respect to such legislation
The case of Glenn vs. Hodges, 9 Johns, 07,
decided by Chancellor Kentand others in 1812.
The case of Wright vs. Deacon, 5 S. & R.,
64, decided by Chief Justice Tilgham in 1819.
The case of Commonwealth vs. Griffith, 2
Pick., 11, decided by Chief Justice Parker in
1823.
The case of Lock vs. Martin, 12 Wend., 314,
dccided in 1831.
The case of Ivauffman vs. Oliver, 10 Barr.,
517, decided in 1848.
The case of Jones vs. Van Zant, 5 Howard,
223, decided by Supreme Court of the United
States in 1847.  
The case of Commonwealth vs. Aves, 18
Pick., 219, decided in 1836.
The case of Bushnel, 9 0. S. R., decided in
1859 by the supreme court of Ohio.
The case of Thompson, 11 111., 332, dccided
in 1849.
The case of Graves, 1 Ind., 369, decided in
1849.
The case of Sims, 7 Cush., 285, decided by
supreme court of Massachusetts.
The ease of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, 16 Pe-
ters, 539.
But, sir, it is unnecessary further to _ state
eases. They are to be found in the decisions
of the supreme courts of every State and of
the United States; and have been repeated by
these just as often as the question came before
them. Every one of them affirms the power
of Congress to pass civil and criminal laws
enforcing in the body of the States and in the
Federal courts, a right secured to the citizen
by the American Constitution; and this al-
though there is no express grant of power to
Congress to legislate upon the subject.
If these cases do not establish this right of
legislation, then nothing can be established in
our system of Government. It may be objected
that anti-slavery men deny the constitutionality
of the act of 1850, and some that of 1793. Some
of the provisions of the act of 1850, if the ques-
tion were a new one, I think would be, and
ought to be, held unconstitutional, suchasthat
depriving men of a jury trial. To these pro-
visions the great mass of the constitutional
objections of anti-slavery men have been di-
rected. Comparatively few, perhaps none, de-
nied that single distinct principle for which I
contend, and upon which this bill rests its con-
stitutionality, and which I again repeat in the
words of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in C Howard, 229, that it is the duty of
the Government to—
"Enforce by appropriate legislation every consti-
tutional provision, whether in favor of itself or others.
This grows out of the position and nature of such a
Government, and is as imperative in cases not enu-
merated specially in respect to such legislation as in
others."
But, Mr. Speaker, suppose these decisions
affirming this power to legislate for the enforce-
ment of the constitutional rights of the people
are not such as ought to have been made, yet
they have been made, and the principle has
become the settled law of the country. Shall
it be endured, sir, that after slavery has for
seventy years asserted and used these powers
in its service, freedom and the highest rights
of the citizen shall be denied them the moment
they are first sought to be employed in their
service?
In the solicitude which was felt to avoid every
assumption of powers of doubtful constitution-
ality, and to secure the best attainable forms
and terms of legislation in execution of this
clause of the Constitution, this bill was sub-
mitted to the careful examination of the At-
torney General of llxe United States. _ He kindly
submitted some suggestions in writing as to
some of the details of the bill, which have been
adopted into tho bill as reported to the House.
I understand that the Attorney General of the
United States approves this bill, both as to its
constitutionality and necessity.
And here, Mr. Speaker, I leave this measure,
submitting it to the careful deliberation and
judgment of Congress. I would gladly hope
that it might meet with the unanimous approval
of both Houses. The power to pass it into
law is plain and unquestionable. It aims at no
sectional or partisan purposes. Its benefits,
like the bcnclicences of all good government,
are meant for all the people alike. The high
and the lowly, the weak and the powerful, take
of its protection. It is for the East and the
West, the North and the South. All of the
States and all of tho people thereof will alike
enjov the protection it affords. Each child of
the "Republic, wherever he may go, however
alone, frail, or defenseless, may by his touch
start into action the provisions of this short and
simple law, and instantly he is neither alone,
frail, or defenseless, but has summoned to him
the sublime presence andpower of his Govern-
ment, all of whose energies that touch has
started into irresistible force and activity for
his so.fcty 
The necessities which demand the enactment
of this law are so obvious, of such permanent du-
ration, and are so overwhelming as to make the
presentation of them now and hero an improper
consumption of the time of the House. Since
the period of modern civilization, I know of
no nation which has presented such a spectacle
as our own. I know of no other in whose
dominions was embraced an area large as half
its territories which had become to near one
half its own citizens a terra incognita. In our
country there came to be a land into whicli
its own children could not go and live. In
that land for a quarter of a century could not
