2736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
title many years ago. What I claim as an ex-
cellence of this bill, if it has anyexcellencies,
is that there are about three million people in
those States who never have had access to the
public lands, and this bill will devote the rem-
nant of poor lands left there to them, first and
foremost; and I think it is our duty to do so
rather than to open them up to all Europe. We
are under greater obligations and there is a
higher sense of duty resting upon us to pro-
vide for the landless of our own country rather
than to have the nationalities of Europe enter-
ing into competition with those poor men who
have been loyal to us and yet whom we have
never allowed to have a foot of land. The
object of this bill is to save the lands for this
class of our people, who have become our fel-
low-citizens, and now must have a footing in
the soil; and the only way they can get it is to
secure it to them upon the public lands in these
States. The white men who own the large
farms there are not going to sell them to the
colored men, and for another reason, the col-
ored men cannot buy them; they have been
stripped of everything. True, thank God! they
are free; but they have nothing but their hands
to rely upon for support, and they want land.
The object of this bill is to let them have the
land in preference to people from Europe or
anybody else. I hope the amendment will not
prevail, but that we shall pass the bill as the
Mouse of Representatives passed it in this
respect.
^ Mr. HENDRICKS. When the bill enlar-
ging the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau was
before this body I agreed to that section which
reserved from sale and all other disposition by
the Government three million acres for the
benefit of the colored people. I desire, now
that they are free, to see them possessed of
homes; and so far as this bill goes in that
direction I am in favor of it. While I do not
support the proposition that they shall be
endowed with political rights and powers, I do
desire to see them made the owners of lands.
But, sir, I do not like to see the system which
has disposed of our public lands so beneficially
to the people broken up by restricting the sales
to the limited quantity of eighty acres. I ask
Senators to consider this proposition. While
we are willing to legislate for the benefit of the
colored people reasonably and properly, we
certainly ought not to disregard altogether the
rights and the interests of the eight million
white people in that country and the interests
of foreigners who may immigrate into those
States.
Senators desire, I presume, tohavethe south-
ern States populated as far as possible by men
from the North and by men coming from other
countries—that is an argument I have heard
repeatedly here—so that the political power of
those States shall be taken from the men who
have exercised it so prejudicially to the coun-
try and be placed in the hands of men who
will be faithful to the country. That has been
an argument in which there was a great deal
of force. The Senator from Iowa says the bill
as it now stands would have a tendency to
exclude from those States a population which
gentlemen desire to see seek settlement and
homes within their limits. Suppose we say
that these lands shall not be disposed of as this
bill does in any mode except uuder the home-
stead law, and then only to the extent of
eighty acres of land, how is the head of a family
at all to provide for his boys? How is he to
secure a home for them? He cannot buy it
within the limits of those States; he ig confined
to a small tract himself, that makes a farm not
susceptible of further partition, and when he
dies some one of the children must take it and
the rest seek homes elsewhere. That has not
been our policy heretofore. We have allowed
larger entries than this, and it has promoted
the prosperity of the country.
Therefore I think that this restriction to
eighty acres ought to be stricken out; and I do
not think the Senator from Kassas, the chair-
man of the committee, is justified iu saying that
if we allow homesteads to the extent of one
hundred and sixty acres there will not be
enough lands in these States to provide for all
whom he desires to provide for. There is a
large amount of public lands in these States; I
am not prepared to say at this time just the
amount. Florida has an enormous quantity of
public land undisposed of, and I think there is
a large quantity in Arkansas and some in Loui-
siana; I cannot say just how much. A few
years ago I did know, but I cannot state now.
The proposition is to strike out this restric-
tion, and then the bill will stand thus: that no
man can purchase in these States any land be-
yond a one hundred and sixty acre tract, and
he can only get a title to that after he has lived
upon it five years, and this right is secured to
the colored people as well as to the white. It
seems to me that is a fair bill.
Mr. KIRK.WOOD. I have just sent to the
committee-room for some information in regard
to the amount of public lands in these States,
derived from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and I have it here. It appears
that the quantity of surveyed unsold public
lands in the States named in this bill is, in—
ft '
A. CV€8
Arkansas  9,298,012.70
Alabama  6,732,058.08
Florida 19,379,635.61
Louisiana  6,228,102.45
Mississippi  4,760,736.03
Total 46.398,544.87
I was, as I before said, strongly in favor of
the eighty acre limitation until the suggestion
to which I have alluded was made to me by
the gentleman from Florida to whom I have
referred. Now, it is but a balancing of rea-
sons whether we shall fix it at eighty acres or
one hundred and sixty acres. There is, how-
ever, one consideration which operates very
much upon my mind: whatever we do here,
unfortunately, is misrepresented among the
people to be affected by this bill. There are
men who make it their business to misrepre-
sent all we do, and to give to it not only_ the
worst possible construction, but constructions
wholly impossible. Now, if we make a dis-
tinction between the amount of the homestead
in these States and the amount of the home-
stead in other States, that fact will be seized
upon by this class of men to further prejudice
these people against our action here. That is
the reason why I should be willing to see the
limitation of eighty acres stricken out, and one
hundred and sixty acres inserted in lieu of it.
Another reason operating on my mind is that
this limitation will really tend, or may at least
tend, to retard immigration to these States of
persons from other States, a thing that I much
desire to see. I am strongly impressed with
the belief that we had better leave t.he amount
of the homestead in these States precisely as
it is in the other States, making no distinction
between these and the other States, and then
there will be no cause for complaint.
I fully concur in the propriety of withhold-
ing the public lands from sale in the States
named, and allowing them to be taken only as
homesteads. We all know there are large
amounts of land scrip now in circulation ; and
as soon as the land offices in those States are
opened again, the best of the lands will be
swallowed up in large amounts by persons
holding this scrip, and the poor men of that
region will not be able to get hold of the lands.
I will vote for the bill either with the eighty or
the one hundred and sixty acre-limitation ; but
I think it would be better for us to leave the
homesteads in these States at one hundred and
sixty acres, as in the other States. •
Mr. CONNESS. I wish sjmply to say that
I agree entirely with what has been said by
the honorable Senator from Iowa, more, how-
ever, upon the merits of the proposition itself
than upon the policy and justice of keeping
this bill in exact conformity with the general
laws. I do not think that one hundred and
sixty acres is too large an amount for a home-
stead in a new country. Taking how land
averages, I do not think that less than that is
worthy of settlement upon. It is very true that
less than that is often taken; but more than
that is frequently needed. Both for the reason
of the policy and justice of having a universal
rule applicable alike to all the States, and
because one hundred and sixty acres is little
enough for a homestead upon wild land, I shall
vote for the amendment, and I think the chair-
man of the committee ought to accept it. I
think it is reasonable and right.
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman of the
committee will accept anything that is the
pleasure of the Senate. I only desire to say
that this amendment does not meet with my
approval individually, but if the Senate choose
to change the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives in this respect, of course
that will be all right. The Senator from Cali-
fornia neglects, I think, to consider one fact,
that the population of the South who are en-
tirely landless are not as ambitious to get one
hundred and sixty acres or three hundred and
twenty acres as the population of the States of
the West and of California. These people will
be entirely contented with forty acres, even.
The fact is that they have no land at all, and
there is no way for them to get it except to get
tracts of the public land. If the public lands
in those portions where they are valuable for
settlement could be out up into twenty-acre
tracts, so that these poor colored people could
get each of them twenty acres, it would be a
godsend to them. To say that they have got
to take one hundred and sixty acres is requir-
ing them to take a farm of the magnitude of
which even they have no conception.
Mr. CLARK. Why not put it in the alter-
native, give them eighty or one hundred and
sixty acres ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the law now.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill, as it stands, is
that they shallnot take more than eighty acres,
and that implies that they may take less, any
legal subdivision, as low as forty acres. I do
not desire to prolong the discussion, but only
to say that I think we had better pass the bill
as it came from the House in this respect; that
is, to let the population who are landless in the
South have eighty acres, if they please, and less,
if they choose, but not more.
Mr.CONNESS. I think if one hundred and
sixty acres of land is a good thing for a white
man, it is a good thing for a black man; and I
think if it is good for a man in the West, it is
good for a man in the South. I do not know
really any reason for applying this rule of
restriction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended. The amendments were concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. Itwasread thethirdtime
and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a hill (H. R. No. 211) to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoint certain officers of the Execu-
tive Mansion, and fixing their salaries ; and a
bill (H. R. No. 612) to amend an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1859," in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced,, that the
House of Representatives had passed, without
amendment, the bill (S. No. 318) to authorize
the appointment of an additional Assistant
Secretary of the Navy.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
2>ro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 371) to grant a pension to
Leonard St. Clair ;
A bill (H. R. No. filO) to incorporate the
Academy of Music of Washington city ; and
