THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julv 10,
two of.said aflt, riairi etyProvided, That no t More til ah
one hundred and sixty acres shall be entered or pur-
chased of the Government by anyprie person under
or by virtue of the provisions of said act.
Mr. CLARK. I happen to kriow something
in regard to the act to which this bill refers,
which was passed. I think, in 1863, and" I hap- 1
pen to know something of the manner in which
it went through the Senate. I have also been,
informed of and seen the opinion of the Attor-
ney General, which, somewhat to my surprise,
I think alters perhaps the rig-hts of'the "pre-
.omptionists in all the country; and the ques-
tion arises, as a matter of law, what shall be
done with that act, what amendment should be
made to it, or what legislation there should be
on the subject. I think it is highly proper, as
a matter of law, that this question should go
to the Judiciary Committee and be settled by
them. It is not a matter very much affecting
the public lands, but it is a matter very gravely
affecting the right of the preemptionists under
the laws of the land, and so becomes particu-
larly _ important for the consideration of the
Committee on the Judiciary. I think it should
go in that direction. I know some of.the efforts
that have been made in regard to this matter
in the history of legislation, and I think the
thing should be very carefully considered before
it makes further progress.
Mr. CONNESS. I, too, know something
about this question, for it affects the people
that I represent very deeply and materially.
The efforts that have been made in this con-
nection have kept a section of the country that
I represent here in turmoil for three years last
past. The question has been settled by the
tribunal of highest resort; and now it is pro-
posed again to reopen for three or more years
longer all the turmoil aM difficulty that have
passed. It is clearly a question-for tlie Com-
mittee on Public Lands, if any, to consider,
and not for the Committee on the Judiciary!
I have confidence in the Judiciary Committee
of this body, but there is no propriety in send-
ing the question involved in this bill to that
committee. The question is as to whether cer-
tain parties shall have exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres of latid. It is not proposed to
review the opinion of the Attorney General
alluded to. If the opinion of the Attorney
General is not good law, if it restricts the gen-
eral preemption laws, then let the Committee
on Public Lands, who properly have charge of
that subject, introduce such a change in the
preemption laifrs as shall meet the case; if
there be difficulty in the case, it is their prov-
ince to do that. Why this bill, which proposes
that certain parties in the State of California
shall enter not to exceed one hundred and sixty
acres of land, should be sent to the Judiciary
Committee of this body, as against the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, I cannot understand, and
I hope it will not be sent to that committee.
Mr. CLARK. I do not suppose that the
turmoil and .trouble which this case has occa-
. sioned are to be settled at once by the refer-
ence of this bill to the Committee on Public
Lands or to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I know there is a great deal of trouble about
it; I know there has been a great deal of trouble
about it; and I know there will be a great deal
of trouble about it; and the Senator from Cali-
fornia, though lie may know a great deal in
regard to the lands in California, as he un-
doubtedly does, will not be able, with all his
power, to settle the difficulty. The question
now is a question of law. How far this opin-
ion of the Attorney General, which the Sena-
tor calls the highest tribunal 
Mr. CONNESS. I did not call it the high-
est tribunal.
Mr. CLARK. Or words to that effect.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not mean the Attor-
ney General, with the Senator's leave.
Mr. CLARK. Then I am under a misap-
prehension in regard to what the Senator did
mean, and I am at a loss to know what he did
mean.
Mr, CONNESS. I will tell the Senator, if
m will permit me.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly I will.
Mr. CONNESS. I meant the Interior De-
partment. These questions of the adminis-
tration of the land laws belong, first, to the
General Land Office, and, upon appeal, to the
Secretary of the Interior. I alluded to the
decision of the head of that Department.
Mr. CLARK. I supposed- that he meant
the opinion of the Attorney General, because
the Seriittor' from California, I take it, well
knows that the Interior Department referred
it to the Attorney General and took his opin-
ion, which was beyond that——
Mr. CONNESS. Upon one question.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly; I understand it;
and now the question comes to be settled as a
matter of law, how far that opinion goes, and
what effect it has upon the land titles of the
country. It seems to me eminently proper
that this matter should go to the Judiciary
Committee, that they may see what is the effect
of that. I have no desire to take it from the
Committee on Public Lands for purpose
except to settle what may be the law in regard
to it; and in that view I think it should go to
the Judiciary Committee. v
Mr. CONNESS. I regret to occupy the
time of the Senate this morning on this sub-
ject, for lam very anxious to get to business
of more importance. But, sir, what does this
bill propose to do? Does it propose in any
manner to review the opinion of the Attorney
General? Is the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral referred to in it? Not at all. It provides
"that an act entitled ' An act to grant the right
, of preemption to certain purchasers on the
Soscol ranch, in the State of California,' ap-
proved March 3, 18G3, be, and the same is
hereby, amended by adding the following pro-
viso to section two of said act."
And then follows the proviso. There is not
the most distant reference to.any opinion. It
is clearly a question of the practical disposi-
tion of land, and I am only astonished that
there should be any objection to its going to
the regular committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no feeling about
this matter, and if Senators desire to send this
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, of
course I shall not object to it. We have had this,
among other questions from California, before
our Committee on Public Lands for four years.
A\'e thought we settled it right in the bill to
quiet land titles in the State of California. If
any other committee after devoting four years
tS it can come to any better conclusion, I shall
be glad to have them do it.
Mr, CLARK. It seems to me the Senator
from Kansas ought not to have any feeling on
this subject.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly not.
Mr. CLARK. But it is an exceedingly nar-
row view which the Senator from California
.now attempts to press upon the Senate, that
the bill of itself has no reference to the Attor-
ney -General's opinion. The Senator must
know as well as I know that in settling the
questions propounded in that bill and settling
the disposition of the bill, the whole thing must
be reviewed. It is true the bill does not allude
to it in terms, but does allude to the matter in
such a way that the whole thing must come
before the committee.
' Mr. POMEROY. I submit that if a com-
mittee are to review the whole question they
should begin at the beginning of the session.
The whole question of land titles in California
is the most complicated question that has arisen
in any of the States. If that whole question
is to be gone into, a committee wants to begin
at the beginning of the session, because we
have certainly spent three Congresses upon it.
Mr. CLARK. That would be an objection
to referring it to any committee if an objection
at all; but I do not apprehend that it is going
"to take so much time. However much time it
may take, it ought to be done thoroughly and
done well. I have no doubt the Land Com-
mittee would do it well, but the Judiciary Com-
mittee is peculiarly a committee for the pur-
pose of investigating qtifitioiis of law. and it
seems to me that this bill ought to go to that
committee.
Mr.'STEWART. The Committee on Public
Lands have already considered the subject, and
tliey think they have considered it fairly and
have done well. They reported a bill to this
body which was thoroughly discussed, and it
has they think well settled the question. I
believe that the^community are satisfied with
the settlement, and I believe that equity and
justice are fully accorded to all parties in that
settlement. I do net believe a belter settle-
ment can be had; and at this late day it seems to
me very proper that any new bill on the subject
should go to the committee that has" already
considered it. It is simply a question whether
the purchasers and occupants under a certain
grant shall enter and buy more than one hun-
dred and sixty acres.^ After a careful consid-
eration of all the equities and hearing all parties,
the Committee on Public Lands decided that
they might buy what they had in possession, so
that the community should remain undisturbed.
This bill proposes to reopen the whole thing,
to cut them down, and go into the same ques-
tions that have been before the Committee on
Public Lalids all this time. It presents no new
question that has not been already considered.
It seems to me that if this matter properly con-
nected with the public lands is to be taken from
that committee and given to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, it must be simply because gentlemen
believe the Judiciary Committee will exercise
a better diseret-ion. I am on both committees,
■ and it is entirely immaterial to me personally
which committee the bill goes to ; but it seems
to me it will be a reflection on the Committee
on Public Lands to take from them a matter
that has been so thoroughly and I think fairly
canvassed and determined by that committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. In making this motion
I intended no reflection upon any committee
of the body. In fact, I know nothing about the
case; I simply acted toward the person who
handed me the bill to present to the Senate as
I would act to any one else. • He told me that
he had a bill which he wanted me to present to
the Senate, and he requested me to offer it and
ask its reference to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. I did in this case what I would do
in any other. I had no knowledge of the merits
of the case, and I have no feeling in reference
to the matter ; but I thought it was due to a
citizen of a State even that I did not represent,
having a measure which he wished to be brought
to the consideration of the Senate, to present
it to the Senate, and ask that it be heard fairly.
I am perfectly content, as far. as I am individ-
ually concerned, with any course which the
Senate may adopt. I havesimply acted in this
case as I would act in any other, to oblige an
individual who, though a stranger to me,"had
business to present to the consideration of the .
body of which I am a member.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will avail myself of
the occasion, as the question is up, to make a
personal explanation in connection with it. It
will be recollected by Senators that two weeks
since a hill was passed to quiet land titles-in
the State of California—a very important bill
indeed, affecting the titles to very large sec-
tions of land in the State of California. That
bill was before referred, some two or threo
months ago, perhaps, to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. As an important measure, I gave it
attention. The Senator from New York, who
is a member of that committee, [Mr. Harris,]
also gave that bill careful attention. He and
I werenfioth very anxious that in settling the
titles in California the rights of the settlers upon
the lands should be well secured ; and we were
neither of us, as 1 now recollect, satisfied fully
with the bill that was introduced and referred
to the committee, and it was finally suggested
that that bill should be taken by myselfHo the
General Land Office, and upon consultation
with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, the chief clerk of that office, and the
surveyor general of the United States for Cal-
ifornia a bill "Jiould be drawn. "I took^tlie bill
to the General Lajid/)ffiee. aud flie snostitnle
