1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3697
was drawn mainly by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office and the surveyor general
for California. I thought it was pretty safe in
its provisions, and reported that substitute thus
drawn to the Senate from the Committee on
Public Lands. That bill did not finally pass,
but an amendment to it passed which I thought
in some respccts better, and I gave it my sup-
port.
' While that bill was pending in the House of
Representatives a colleague of mine, who is
connected with the Committee on Public Lands
in that body, opposed some of its provisions,
which particular provisions I did not trouble
myself to see ; but in the course of his remarks
he sent to the Chair to be read a letter from
California, withholding the name of the writer,
which letter was abusive of myself because I
had reported the amendment which had been
drawn by the surveyor general, the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and myself.
Now, sir, perhaps it is not proper that I
should have noticed that proceeding. I sup-
pose the man in California who wrote the let-
ter is interested in this question, and perhaps
he was not well informed on the subject that
he was writing about, of the connection that I
had with the legislation upon that subject, and
the care that I had taken, so far as I was con-
nected with the Committee on Public Lands,
to secure the rights of the settlers. Of course
I have nothing to say in regard to that person,
or any language that he may have used toward
myself. I simply wish in very plain and square
terms to condemn the conduct of any colleague
who will present to be read a letter traducing
any gentleman connected with Congress about
a matter that the writer could not have been
well informed upon. But, sir, if that is the
style and the taste of any gentlemau, to attack
a colleague in Congress by a letter, the name
of the writer tif which he will not communicate
to the country, I leave it to liim to decide for
himself.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator allow me
a word in that connection ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CONFESS. I happened to be in the
House at the time; and desiring to know the
name of the writer I got the letter, but it was
expunged by ink and covered so that it could
not be interpreted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The name was?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir ; the name.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As soon as enough of
that letter had been read by the Clerk so that the
Speaker could know its character, he stopped
its reading instantly, as a presiding officer hav-
ing a high appreciation of his duty and of the
rights of other gentlemen would do, and mak-
ing a marked contrast between himself and the
high sentiments that govern him and the Rep-
resentative that would send such a document
to be read, obliterating the name of the writer
before he would allow it to go to the country.
I was very careful in the preparation of that
bill, as the Senator from California very well
knows, and would not trust my own judgment;
but I thought it was safe to trust the judgment
of the Commissioner of the General Laud Of-
fice, and of the surveyor general for California,
who had come on here, as I understood, to give
his experience and his knowledge in aid ot Con-
gress in legislating on this troublesome ques-
tion. California titles ought to be settled.
There is nothing of greater importance in that
State; and I am glad that we are likely to
arrive at some result. So far as the particular
reference of this bill is concerned 1 have no
choice.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot let this oppor-
tunity pass, having been present when the let-
ter alluded to was read in the other House, and
having examined and read the whole letter
myself, without saying that in my opinion it
was first written by a man ignorant of the sub-
ject upon -vgliich he wrote, next a man evidently
governed by his interests in the connection;
and a more marked case of impropriety than
its introduction I never was witness to. Neither,
sir, was I ever witness to a grosser and more
3;)tji Cong. 1st Suss.—No. 232.
unmerited and unjust attack than it made upon
the Senator from Indiana; for I take pleasure
in^ bearing testimony to the fact that in con-
nection with all these questions of lands, upon
the one proposition in which he was condemned
in that letter, namely, a disregard of the set-
tlers' inteiests, he has been peculiarly careful
and precise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 12, noes 17.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSIONS TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
forty-eighth rule of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
"48. No person shall be admitted to the Goer of the
Senate, whilein session, except as follows, namely:
the officers of the Senate, members of the House of
Kepresentatives and their Clerk, the President of
the United States and his Private Secretary, the
heads of Departments, foreign ministers, ex-Presi-
dents, and ex-Vice Presidents of the United States,
ex-Senaters, Senators-clcct, judges of the Supreme
Court, and Governors of States and Territories."
Mr. GRIMES. I think every Senator has
observed that there has been a very great re-
laxation of this rule of the Senate in practice,
and I have waited a long time until an oppor-
tunity could occur when 1 might call the atten-
tion of Senators and of the Chair to the subject
of this rule, no one being present occupying a
place in the Senate who ought not to be here,
so that any remark I might make about it might
not be regarded as invidious. I desire now to
say that so long as this rule exists I shall insist
upon its strict observance.
GOVERNMENT INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. HENDRTCKS. I move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 720, which has
been reported from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and tlie bill (II.
R. No. 720) to extend to certain persons the
privilege of admission in certain cases to the
United States Government Asylum for the In-
sane was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that civilians employed in
the service of the United States, in the quar-
termaster's department and the subsistence
department of the Army, who may be, or may
hereafter become, insane while in such em-
ployment, shall be admitted on the order of
the Secretary of War, the same as persons
belonging to the Army and Navy, to the ben-
efits of the Asylum for the Insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, as now provided by law in
reference to soldiers and sailors in the Army
and Navv. It also provides that the following
classes of persons, under the circumstances
named, shall be entitled to admission to the
asylum on the order of the Secretary of War
if in the Army, or the Secretary of the Navy
if in the Navy, to wit: first, men who, while
in the service of the United States, in the Army
or Navy, have been admitted to the asylum,
and have been afterward discharged therefrom
on the supposition that they had recovered
their reason, and have, within three years after
such discharge, become again insane from
causes existing at the time of the discharge,
and have no adequate means of support; sec-
ond, indigent insane persons, who have been
in the same service and been discharged there-
from on account of disability arising from such
insanity ; third, indigent insane persons, who
have become insane within three years after
discharge from such service from causes which
arose during and were produced by said service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SDP1U3JI13 COURT JUDGES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
334.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 834) to fix the
number of judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and to change certain judicial
circuits.
The first section of the bill jjrovides that
hereafter the Supreme Court of the Uniled
States shall consist of one- chief justice and
eight associate justices.
The second section provides that the first,
second, and third circuits shall remain as now
constituted; that the districts of Maryland, Del-
aware, Virginia, North Carolina, and South
Carolina shall constitute the fourth circuit;
that the districts of Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas shall con-
stitute the fifth circuit; that the districts of
West Virginia, Ohio, and Michigan shall con-
stitute the sixth circuit; the districts of Indi-
ana, Illinois, Kentucky, and Tennessee shall
constitute the seventh circuit; the districts of
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, Kansas,
and Arkansas shall constitute the eighth cir-
cuit ; and the districts of California, Oregon,
and Nevada shall constitute the ninth circuit.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment, which was to strike
out all of section two after the enacting clause
and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That the first and second circuits shall remain as
now constituted; that the districts of Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and Delaware skail constitute the third
circuit; that the districts of Maryland, WestVirgiuia,
Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina shall
constitute the fourth circuit: that the districts of
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Texas shall constitute the tilth circuit: that the
districts of Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, and Tennessee
shall constitute the sixth circuit: that the districts
of Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin shall constitute
the seventh circuit: that the districts of Minnesota,
Iowa, Missouri, Kansas, and Arkansas shall consti-
tute the eighth circuit; and thedistiietsof California,
Oregon, and Nevada shall constituto the ninth cir-
cuit.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that the only amend-
ment reported by the committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the amendment
we reported from the committee. I propose
offering ano.ther amendment, upon which the
committee has agreed since the bill was re-
ported.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber to send to the Chair that amendment that
it may be read in connection with the other. I
do not know that I understand this alone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I had better
explain. The bill as it came from the House
provided that the judges of the Supreme Court
should be eight associate justices and one chief
justice, and arranged the nine circuits for the
nine judges. Our committee have agreed to
some alteration in those circuits as the House
had arranged them. That is the amendment
now pending. But the Committee on the Ju-
diciary have instructed me further to report
an amendment not to fill the vacancies until
the whole number is reduced to seven; but
still the circuits will be nine, because there are
nine judges at present, and whenever the num-
ber on the bench shall be reduced hereafter it
will involve the necessity of changing the cir-
cuits at a future time.
Mr. JOHNSON. The circuits must be mod-
ified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The circuits will have
to be modified as from time to time the num-
ber of judges decreases. We arrange them
now according to the number of judges there
are, so that .the Senator will see we can act on
this amendment now, and then I shall olfer the
other. „ ,
Mr. SHERMAN. The arrangement of the
circuit in which I live would be very inconven-
ient as proposed by the amendment. I much
prefer the original bill in that respect. I do
not wish to interfere with the general arrange-
ment of the circuits, but I know that the cir-
cuit in which Ohio is now pioposed to be put.
will contain about five million people, and will
contain at least six separate districts, extend-
