2788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
to-morrow to present to the Senate what I think
are the objetftionsto this measare. I took the bill
home with me yesterday evening and intended
to examine it with some care. I succeeded in
reading it once, but was so much interrupted
that I was unable to finish it. 1" also addressed
a note to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office requesting a map of the surveys
of the State of Kansas, with the different rail-
roads for which grants of land have been made
designated thereon, to be sent to me. I have
not received that. *
I desire now to say to the Senator from Mis-
souri that he is mistaken in supposing that this
bill is in the language usually employed in bills
granting lands to the States. I think it is not;
at least that was my impression when I read
the bill yesterday evening; but I do not wish
to discuss it now. I think when the Senate
come to consider it they will find it to be a
measure net meetingwiththeirapproval. There
are three bills in regard to grants of lands to
the State of Kansas now pending, and I think
it is about time the .Senate should pay a little
attention to the grants of public lands to rail-
roads, and I propose when these bills come up,
if I have the power, to attract some little at-
tention of the Senate to the question.- The
lands are going by millions of acres to corpo-
rations, and I propose now, before three addi-
tional grants are made for roads running par-
allel within a few miles of each other to a State
which has received such enormous grants as
the State of Kansas has, to invoke the atten-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. There are two observa-
tions which I desire to submit in reply to the
Senator from Indiana. The first is that there
are no grants proposed for three roads run-
ning parallel with each other. Second, there
are not ten thousand acres of land in the whole
grant to this road in my State, and I believe
not five thousand. I will leave that point,
however, to _ the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office when it is received.
Theie are other interests of which I will speak
when the bili does come up. that perhaps ex-
plain the reason why the Senator from Indiana
objects to the bill.
Sir. HENDSICKS. Perhaps I am not
exactly accurate in saying that the three roads
run parallel with each other. One road runs
from Kansas City in a southern direction par-
allel with a road to which we made a grant of
lands two years ago. Another runs from Fort
Hiley down toward Fort Smith, across one of
the roads to which we made a grant two years
ago—not exactly parallel, but they are in the
same neighborhood, lapping one" upon the
other.
Mr. POMEROY. The road of which the
Senator speaks from Lawrence has already a
grant of public lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So I say.
Mr. POMEROY. And the road from Fort
Riley has already a grant of lauds."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I sav so.
Mr. POMEROY. No additional grant is
asked for those roads. Then there are no
three roads before Congress asking for grants
of land.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That question will be
pretty fully discussed. I apprehend, when we
take up the bill. I think it is a grant of pub-
lic lands; I do not agree with the Senator in
that. If it is not, the bills ought not to have
been before the Committee on Public Lands.
I know just where the one grant stops and
where the other commences. But I am not
prepared to discuss the question, and I do not
intend to go into it.
Mr. WILSON._ Does the Senator from Mis-
souri withdraw his motion?
Mr. HENDERSON. ^ Yes, sir; I withdraw
it for the time being, with the single remark
that I know but little about these grants, as I
said before, and I am sorry that the Senator
from Indiana should have suffered himself to
get excited on a subject of this sort.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No excitement, in the
world.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator seemed
to be very earnest anyhow, if not excited ; de-
cidedly so. I was requested by some members
I from my State in the lower House, particularly
; by Mr. Van IIoux, from the Kansas City dis-
I trict, who feels very considerable interest in
! this matter, to urge the bill through the Sen- |
ate. I did not expect to excite even earnest- i
ness in the opposition of any gentleman, be- !
cause, though, as I have'already stated, I know
but little about these grants, I am satisfied
from the statements made to me that the bill
is in the usual form. I have never introduced
a bill into this body for the incorporation of a
railroad company or asking for a grant of lands
for railroad purposes; and although a western
j! man, I have doubted very much the propriety ,
1 of squandering the public lands as I have seen j
it done. But in all kindness I must submit to i
the Senator from Indiana, who is a member of ;
the Committee on Public Lands, that I have
never known of his opposition to any railroad
grant until the present occasion. This is the
first one I have ever heard him "oppose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then 1 have been
unable to attract the attention of the Senator
from Missouri. I know that two grants were
proposed to be made recently to the State of
California and one to the State of Nevada,
which I opposed as earnestly as I could in this
body, because they were not according to the j
system which we had agreed upon. There was i
a pretty close vote upon them, but the bills j
i WPl'P TVflQQPfl •
Mr. HENDERSON. I must have been |
absent at the time the Senator from Indiana ]
speaks of, for I have known of no opposition j
of his to such grants. Indeed, I thought that |
he liad been rather profligate, if I may use that j
expression, in regard to grants of public lands; j
that he had been rather free in voting such !
grants where I thought they ought not to have j
been given. I say so without intending to
reflect at all upon the Senator. Believing j
that to have been his course, I was a little !
surprised at his earnestness in opposition to
this bill. However, as he wants time to
examine the bill, and as I never wish to press
a measure that Senators desire time to exam-
ine, I will let it stand over for the present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to sav just one ■
word in reply to the Senator from Missouri. •
I do not think 1" have sought, in advocating !
any of these grants, to squander any of the j
public lands. I have been a friend to such j
measures as I thought of importance, where j
the Government in a particular locality had j
not done what I thought was its proportion in [
the development of the country. But I am :
not in favor of giving lands away simply because ,
we can. I want to see the right of it before it !
is done. j
The PRESIDENT fjrotemporc. The Chair !
understands the Senator from Missouri to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
MRS. TV. L. IIEJIXDON*. |
Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up House j
bill No. 103. It is a small bill for the relief .
of Mrs. Herndon, which was once laid over on :
an objection; but I believe there is now no
objection to it. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 193) for
the relief of Mrs. William L. -Herndon. It is
a diiection to the Secretary of the Interior to
cause a copyright to issue securing to Mrs. Wil-
liam L. Herndon, to her heirs, assigns, and legal
representatives, the exclusive right to republish
the book entitled Exploration of the Valley
of the Amazon, heretofore published under
order of Congress, and to publish the same for
the term of fourteen years from the passage of
the act.
Mr. CONNESS. Mrs. Herndon is the widow
of Lieutenant Herndon, of the United States
Navy, who was in command of the steamship
Central America, which was lost in the Atlan-
tic ocean a few years since. It is unnecessary
for me to do more than call attention to his
case. The country remembers how gallantly
lie stood by his ship until all her passengers
were sent off, and how he went down with her.
His widow, a most estimable and excellent lady,
who has never ceased to feel the pride that a
true woman should in her husband, asks the
privilege of tie G overnment of the United States
to extend to her the copyright of *.,he book
spoken of in the bill, the report of Leutenant
Herndon's explorations in the valley of the
Amazon, published by the Government and
now out oi print, her purpose being to make
additions, biographical and otherwise of her
husband, and cause its republication. I hold'
in my hand a letter which I have received from
her stating her case, but I suppose the Senate
will not ask me to have it read.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is she?
Mr. CONNESS. She is at New York at
the present time. I will not occupy the time
of the Senate by reading the letter, and as it
is a private letter perhaps it would not be
i proper to do so. I will say, however, that she
states intelligibly and well her purpose and
what she desires. The matter has been ex-
amined in both Houses by the proper com-
mittees.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator whether he has examined to see if anybody
else has any claim on any portion of the book,
as, for example, the plates, if there be any.
Mr. CONNESS. There is none whatever.
The committee's examination, I believe, has
been entirely complete in that respect. The
book has been for many years out of print; I
remember it very well; I read it with a great
deal of care when it was published; it is a most
interesting volume, and is now called for, as
this lady states, from the book-sellers.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to the
bill if nobody else has any claim.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not occupy the
attention of the Senate longer.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
ROCK ISLAND ARSENAL.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 330, which I reported yesterday morn-
ing.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill fS.
No. 330) making further provision for the
establishment of an armor3r and arsenal of con-
struction, deposit, and repair on Rock Island,
in the State of Illinois, was read the second
time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
fix and establish the position of the Chicago
and Rock Island railroad on the island of Rock
Island, so as to best accord with the purposes
of the Government in its occupancy of that
island for military purposes; and in order to
effect this he is authorized to grant to the rail-
road company a permanent location and right
of way on and across Rock Island, to be fixed
and designated by him, with such quantity of
land, to be occupied and held by the company
for railroad purposes, as may be necessary
therefor; and the grant is to be made on such
terms and conditions, previously arranged, as
will best effect and secure the purposes of the
Government in occupying the island. The
Secretary ofWaris togrant to the Chicago and
Rock Island Railroad Company such other aid,
pecuniary or otherwise, toward effecting the
change in the present location of their road on
Rock Island as may be adjudged to be fair and
equitable by the board of commissioners author-
ized under the act of April 19, ]R04, entitled
"An act in addition to an act for the establish-
ment of certain arsenals," and may be aporoved
by him.
The bill also proposes to extend the provis-
ions of the act of April 19,1804, so as to include
the small islands contiguous to Rock Island,
and known as Benham's, Wilson's, and Win-
nebago Islands; and to'appropriate $293,000
to liquidate claims for property in Benham's,
