298
APPENDIX TCLTHE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
Ho. op Reps.
Basis of Representatioiir~Mr. Schench.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
tain things, or beyond the control of his parents,
till he is twenty-five years of age? For the
simple reason that in every country the age of
majority, not being a thing which is settled by
any consideration of natural right, is to be set-
tled according to the best exercise of discrimi-
nation on the subject, and the best consideration
that is to be given to questions of expediency
by those who framed the institutions of that
Government.
I take twenty-one years as the best age, be-
cause, I believe, in every State of the Union
that has always been and is now the line of
limitation between the adnlt and the minor. I
have adopted that, which has commended itself
to the common discrimination, the common
judgment, and has had the common assent of
the people of this country.
I have required, also, that the voter shall be
a citizen of the United States. Why? Because
I hold this to be a Government by the citizens
of the United States, and for the citizens of
the United States. We are sufficiently liberal
to the foreigner—and every intelligent, right-
thinking foreigner himself so regards it—when
we say to him, "After a certain term of pro-
bation, (making it very short, as we do by our
laws,) when you come to this country as an
asylum open for all lovers of liberty in all lands,
you shall be permitted to take a position equal
in every respect, with the exception, perhaps,
of not being eligible to the office of President
of the United States, to that of the native-born
citizen."
This, sir, is my idea of what an amendment
should be that assumes suffrage as a basis of
representation. It is opposed by another sys-
tem, involving a different principle, which
comes to us from the committee on reconstruc-
tion. This subject had been referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and was by them
held under consideration, and would have been
doubtless brought forward in due time. That
is the appropriate committee to which have
always been referred questions and propositions
relating to amendment of the Constitution.
But inasmuch as the subject allied itself to some
of those matters which were under considera-
tion by the committee on reconstruction—a
Proposition submitted by the gentleman from
tame [Mr. Blaine] being referred to that
committee—they have put into form an amend-
ment involving a principle in which represen-
tation is to be based on the enumeration of the
whole population of the country, excepting any
race or color from being counted with regard
to which there shall be a denial or abridgment
of the elective franchise.
I make but two objections now, for it has
been too fully and completely discussed to re-
quire that anybody should detain the House
long in a debate which has already been so
protracted. I make but two objections to that
amendment, and to me they are objections most
fatal to its adoption as a remedy.
In the first I have been anticipated most
clearly and ably by my colleague, [Mr. Law-
rence.] He objected that this language con-
tained in the amendment, reported from the joint
committee on reconstruction—" that whenever
the elective franchise shallbe denied or abridged
in any State on. account of race or color, all
persons of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation"—held out
virtually an offer of a bargain to the people of
the States and to the States by their organic
law to disfranchise some portion of the citi-
zens ; that it was equivalent to saying this:
"You may, and by our language we imply that
you probably will, deny or abridge the right of
voting on account of race or color to some por-
tion of your population, only it shall be with
the understanding that if you do you shall by
so much lessen your representation." Now I,
together with my colleague and other gentle-
men here, are unwilling, if we can avoid it, and
can get a better mode of curing this evil, to
ingraft into the organic law of the nation any-
thing which looks to even an implied consent
that any of the people of any of the States of
the Union shall make local organic laws which
shall strike down and deprive of just, fair, and
equal privileges, on account of race or color,
any part of their number.
But I make another objection, and this does
not go so much to the principle as it does to
what maybe the practice, the practical working
of this amendment, if it shall prevail and be-
come a part of the Constitution of the United
States. Let me read the language again:
That whenever the elective franchise shall be de-
nied or abridged in any State on account of race or
color, all persons of such race or color-shall be ex-
cluded from the basis of representation.
Now, sir, I am not one of those who enter-
tain Utopian ideas in relation, not merely to
the progress, but to the immediate change of
sentiment, opinions, and practice among the
people of those States that have so lately been
slave States, and so recently in rebellion. I
believe that, like all other people, their growth
toward good and right and free institutions must
necessariiy be gradual; and if we pass the
amendment which I have proposed, oranything
similar to it, and say to them, "You shall have
representation proportioned to the portion of
your population to which j'ou extend this in-
estimable franchise," my belief is that they will
not, on the next day after it becomes a part of
the organic law of the United States, at once
enfranchise all the negroes in their midst. I am
not sure that they ought to do it; but we are
dealing with the matter now as it presents itself
as a practical question. What will they prob-
ably do? My belief is that if you persuade thein
to do right, if you hold out to them an induce-
ment for letting their negroes vote and striking
out these disqualifications and putting all upon
the basis of manhood, they will probably begin,
after the amendment becomes part of the or-
ganic law, by extending this right to those who
have acquired certain property; perhaps they
will also extend it, after awhile, to those who
have certain qualifications of education. How-
ever they may proceed, whether rapidly or
slowly, it will be a work of progress and a work
of time. But by this amendment you would say
to them, "We do not want you to enter upon
any such gradual bringing up of these people to
the level plain of right to be enjoyed by them
equally with others of other raccs in your
midst." Wesaytothem, "You may enfranchise
one third or one fourth of your people who are
black and deprived of the privilege of voting
by introducing the qualification of property, up
to whichone third or one fourth may come;
you may introduce a qualification of education
up to which a number of them may come; but
that will all be of no value; so long as there is
any denial or any abridgment of the right to
vote of a single man on account of his race or
color, you shall have no part of the population
of that race or color counted to measure to you
your share of representation."
Now, I will not go into the abstract question
whether they ought to enfranchise the negroes
at once or not. I will not go into the question
of how soon they ought to do it as a matter of
expediency. I say that in all human probability,
when they come to enfranchise, if they do it at
all, this portion of their population, they will do
itgradually; yet by this amendment, asiteomes
from the committee, you say that they shall not
be represented for any part of it at all till they
completely enfranchise them and put them on
the same footing with the white population.
It is not worth while to go into the question
as to what expedients shall be or ought to be
resorted to in the South or elsewhere in order
to educate the negro up to a condition for a full
participation in this privilege. It is not worth
while to go into the question whether the negro
race ought to be completely and equally enfran-
chised now with the white population. We are
dealing, I repeat, with apractical question. We
are saying to the South, if we pass this amend-
ment, "Stand off; we care not for your prop-
erty qualification." As an individual, I donot
care for a property qualification for whites or
blacks. I repudiate it altogether. I think on
that question Dr. Franklin's argument about
the man and the jackass has never been an-
swered. But we say also to them, "We do
not care aboutyour qualification of reading and
writing (on which there maybe—certainly Mas-
sachusetts thinks so—something important to
be considered;) you may give every negro that,
can read and every negro that can write and
every negro that can spell, on the day afterthis
is made a part of the Constitution of the land,
full rights as an elector in your States, but he
shall not be counted in the apportionment of
representation, nor shall one of his race be
counted until you get through with and com-
plete the whole work in some future time when
you have enfranchised the whole race." I do
not misconstrue or misstate the language and
the evident purpose and effect of the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. In the State?
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course, in the State in
which this takes place. That is precisely my
argument. You say to each State that has any
of this population that none of it shall be counted
until the whole of them are fully enfranchised.
Mr. BINGHAM. If rny colleague [Mr.
Schexck] will allow me, I will suggest that this
precludes a State from a class legislation which
would operate injuriously upon colored people.
But if that legislation be general and not class
legislation in its character, applying to the
white population as well as to the black popu-
lation, the standard of intelligence for instance,
this proposed amendment to the Constitution
will not operate as the gentleman suggests.
Mr. SCHENCK. My reply to that shall be
to read here, in the presence and hearing of the
House, the language of the amendment itself:
Provided, That whenever the elective franchise
shall be denied or abridged in any State on account
of race or color, all persons of such race or color shall
be excluded from the basis of representation.
Of course I understand it to mean all such
persons in the State where the denial or abridg-
ment shall be made.
Mr. BINGHAM. T beg my colleague to un-
derstand further that the words of the proposed
amendment which he has just read import, ex
vi termini, that the proviso does not operate at
all, except the legislation is caste legislation,
and then applies only to that caste.
Mr. SCHENCK. And when it does operate,
how does it operate? If there be one negro de-
nied th e privilege of votingbecause he is a negro,
is not that a denial or abridgment of the elective
franchise on account of race or color? If one
half of that race, or one third, or any propor-
tion, be denied the right of voting on account
of race or color, although that right is given to
the rest, then what follows? If you deny or
abridge the elective franchise at all, in any de-
gree, this is the consequence: that "all persons
of such race or color shall be excluded fromthe
basis of representation."
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to repeat to
my colleague again, that if, for example, in
South Carolina, when that State comes to be
recognized, it is generally provided, without
regard to race or color, generally provided by
law that no citizen of South Carolina shall vote
unless such citizen shall be able to read the
English language, in that, case this provision
does not operate to the exclusion of her enfran-
chised black population who come up to that
standard. But if, on the other hand, South
Carolina shall by law expressly deelarc that no
colored citizen of the State shall vote unless he
can read the English language, leaving the ig-
norant white man to vote, then this provision
declares that South Carolina shall not be enti-
tled to representation upon her black popula-
tion. I ask the gentleman now to say whether
he is opposed to or in favor of such caste legis-
lation.
