1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
39th Cong.... 1st S:
Basis of Representation,—Mr. Schenck.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man distinctly. I am opposed to caste legis-
lation ; that is comprehensible. But we are
legislating here, by an amendment of our or-
ganic law, for the present existing condition of
things. And what I say is that it is not prob-
able that we shall be able in a day, perhaps not
in a year, or two years, or three years, to edu-
cate South Carolina, for instance, up to the point
of enfranchising all her black population with'
the right of voting. We shall not be able to
educate her up to the point of making no dis-
tinction on account of color, so far as this mat-
ter of voting is concerned. If we do not, then
we say to her by this amendment, "You may
alffiw one third, or one half, or two thirds of
your negroes to vote, by reason of their in-
telligence and education, or for some other
qualification, but it shall not benefit you in the
least in the matter of representation here. You
must wait until there is no abridgment or denial
of the elective franchise on account of race or
color, before your negro population shall be
included in your basis of representation." I
am sure there can be no difference now between
my colleague [Mr. Bingham] and myself as to
our understanding of this matter.
I am not arguing the question of abstract
right; I think that is unnecessary. I am ar-
guing the question of the practical working
of this amendment. I think it is very objec-
tionable, because we must take these States as
they are now ; we must lead them, guide them,
teach them to walk, put them in the right way
and keep them there; we must educate them,
up to the right point if we are to expect that
when they reach that point they will feel them-
selves standing upon solid ground, from which
they cannot be forced or driven.
Mr. STEVENS. If South Carolina by law
shall provide that one half of her black popu-
lation shall vote, and that the other half shall
not, because they are black, can South Carolina
complain if we punish her for such injustice by
saying that she shall not be allowed to take
advantage of the number of the black popula-
tion in her basis of representation?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not a question into
which I can be drawn. I do not approve that
more than the gentleman himself does.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not ask the gentleman
if he approves it; but I ask would we be doing
injustice to South Carolina by punishing her for
excluding that class from voting by excluding
them from representation?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no desire to punish
South Carolina for being half right.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I have.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I would give her credit for
beingevenhalf right. Sofastas sheapproaches
the right basis, so fast as she advances toward
the adoption of that rule of freedom and equal-
ity which extends to all men without distinction
of color their right to take part in the govern-
ment, simply upon the ground of their manhood,
I would give her credit for her conduct. My
objection in this case is that this amendment
does not give her credit so far as she goes, but
says to her, "The last ounce of the pound of
flesh, with every quivering fiber, and every drop
of blood, must be fully and entirely paid, or
you shall have 110 consideration whatever."
Now, then, I come back to what I conceive
to be the better system, a system based upon
suffrage, a system of representation which shall
be equalized among all the States of this Union
according to the number of people that they have
within their respective limits of whom they are
willing to say that they are fit to take part in the
Government. In the first place, this is most
liberal. It says to the States, "Remove from
the arena of polities this embittered and embit-
tering question about interfering with your local
institutions. We are willing that you yourselves
shall hereafter, as heretofore, determine who
shall and who shall not be electors of the most
numerous branch of your Legislative Assembly;
but we give you warning, a warning to all
North, South, East, and West, that only in pro-
portion as you shall adjudge your people fit to
participate in this common Government of ours,
shall you take part in the Government through
representatives in Congress."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the State of Missouri,
in her wisdom, sees cause to disfranchise a large
part of her citizens in consequence of their dis-
loyalty, as she has done, is it just that she should
be deprived of a portion of her representation
in this House in consequence of that act?
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, Mr. Speaker, I think
it is, because the fewer of that sort of popula-
tion she has to be represented, the better for
her. If her citizens are loyal, even though they
be so few as to entitle her to only one Repre-
sentative, it is better for her than to have five
or six or ten times the number of disloyal cit-
izens.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would remind the gen-
tleman that in Missouri a part of our population
are of that sort; and we cannot get rid of them.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; my amend-
ment, upon the principle that— .
" While the lamp holds out to burn,
The vilest sinner may roturn,"
extends to the States and to the people of the
States every inducement to be loyal and law-
abiding in their conduct in order that they may
have, through their representatives, a greater
share in the Government.
Now, sir, the objections which are made to
this system of representation based hpon suf-
•frage come from gentlemen representing dif-
ferent sections of the country. Gentlemen
from Indiana and some of the northwestern
States are not quite reconciled to this system,
because they say that by their State constitu-
tions certain persons who are not citizens of the
United States—men who, having recently ar-
rived in the country, are yet aliens, or have
only declared their intention to become citizens
—are allowed to vote. Well, my reply to that
is, that though it may at first operate hardly
upon some of the voters of the northwestern
and western States, yet this is a thing which is
continually curing itself; and the amendment
whichladvocate, being based upon a right prin-
ciple, that the citizens of the country shall rule
the country, will only afford an additional in-
ducement and stimulus for these people to be-
come citizens as soon as the lapse of time will
allow them to do so. So far from this being an
objection to the amendment, I trust we shall
have the help of the members from Indiana
and all those northwestern members; that they
will come to our aid and pass this amendment,
although it may operate a little hardly upon
themselves just at the present time.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have been listening to
the gentleman with a great deal of interest, and
I wish simply to ask him a question, so that
his position may be clearly defined. I desire
to know whether the gentleman takes theground
that the unnaturalized foreigner, who, although
he has not yet attained to citizenship, is al-
lowed in some of the States to vote, should be
stricken from the basis of representation. Is
that the gentleman's position?
Mr. SCIiENCK. I think that that would be
necessary. My proposition is that hereafter,
if we can succeed in making this the organic
law, no person shall vote unless ho be not only
a male over twenty-one years of age but also
a citizen of the United States. I think it is
time, if we have not had it sufficiently expressed
heretofore in the Constitution of the United
States, that the great organic law of the nation
should embrace such a provision.
We have had a little experiment upon this
matter in my own State. By the first constitu-
tion of the State of Ohio_, adopted in 1802, every
free white male inhabitant above the age of'
twenty-one years who had paid or been charged
with a State or county tax was allowed to vote.
That operated in such a manner that our courts'
were compelled to adopt a forced construction,
and saj; that "inhabitant" meant a citizen of
the United States.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not wTsh to inter-
rupt the gentleman if it is not desirable. My
questions are put in good faith.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman'shourhas
expired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move that the time of
the gentleman from Ohio be extended.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman how his proposition would operate on
those soldiers who have not been naturalized
and received into citizenship, but are voters
because of their service in the war. Would it
strike them out?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir. Every man who
has fought for the country shall furnish that
instead of the requirement of five years' resi-
dence; that will make him a citizen.
Mr. VOORHEES. I understand the fact to
be that in some of the States where, of course,
it was not the intention to interfere with the
law of Congress on the subject of naturaliza-
tion, laws have been passed making soldiers
who served in the Army voters; not naturaliz-
ing them, but making them voters. A State
cannot naturalize—a State cannot make a for-
eigner a citizen. The gentleman understands
my point.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do.
Mr. VOORHEES. The question is whether
this proposition, which proposes to strike from
the basis of representation all who are not cit-
izens, does not strike out the soldiers who have
not been naturalized, but who have been made
voters on account of service in the Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that-the law
makes service in the Army an equivalent for
five years' residence.
Mr. VOORHEES. A State cannot do that.
Mr. SCHENCK. Such is the law, that proof
of service shall stand in the place of previous
residence in the country for five years. 1 am
not afraid that they will be stricken out of the
basis of representation; but I am thankful to
the gentleman for any suggestion which will
serve to call our attention to these men who
have risked their lives and shed their blood for
the salvation of the country. I think we will
take good care of them on this side of the
House, with the aid of the other side, if they
choose to give it; if not, without their aid.
Mr. VOORHEES. We understand what that
means. We are all ready to help you here.
Mr. SCIIENCK. It is very unusual that we
have any aid from that side of the House in
regard to the rights of the soldiers.
Mr. VOORHEES. This is a day of new
things.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, sir, I was, when in-
terrupted, as I think inopportunely, in the midst
of an illustration from my own State. In Ohio,
on the adoption of the first constitution, in 1802,
our description of the qualifications of electors
was in those words, "that the elector must be
a free white male inhabitant above the age of
twenty-one, who has paid or been charged with
a State or county tax ;" and such was the force
of public opinion, and such the peculiar inter-
est felt for that relation, that the courts held
that the word "inhabitant," when properly
construed, meant "citizen." Ialways thanked
the courts for that construction, although I was
not able to see on what proccss of reasoning
they made it. When we came, fifteen years ago,
