8700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul j 10,
all are interested, I will try to explain what this
proposed enlargement is. I have a map here
■which shows it precisely. The streets imme-
diately north and south of the Capitol are
known as A street north and A street south.
A street is the nearest street to the Capitol.
The embankment reaches over into A street at
the present time; and so also south of the Capi-
tol. The Government now own all the land
west of the Capitol building between A and B
streets, so that we have to purchase no grounds
in order to extend the present grounds to B
street north and B street south. There are in
the grounds as now inclosed about the Capi-
tol twenty-six acres. If the extension recom-
mended by the^ committee—this bill comes
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and is approved by that committee,
both of the Senate and House—takes place,
there will be in the Capitol grounds forty-one
acres, besides the two blocks, the dimensions
of which I do not know exactly, known as
squares'687 and 688, which are the blocks lying
north and south of the square east of the Capi-
tol. The block upon which the houses are
where Mrs. Carter lives is one block, and the
other is the block corresponding to that on the
south side of the square. There will be forty-
one acres of ground beside what is in those two
blocks; and I suppose in those blocks there
are four or five acres probably, so that there
will be say forty-five acres in the inolosure.
The committee recommend the purchasing of
those two blocks and closing up A streets north
and south, leaving the inclosure just as it now
is on First street west, and extending the square
to B street both north and south, and then run-
ning on B street up to First street east, which
is the street directly east of the public square
lying east of the Capitol, and which runs be-
tween the square and what is known as Carroll
Iiow and the Old Capitol. We propose to
remove the railroad of the Washington and
Georgetown company from A street, and Jet
them run on B street, and then oif First street
east over to Pennsylvania avenue and to the
navy-yard, as at present; and the other railroad
of course will stop on B street, instead of coming
up to A street.
In connection with this plan it is proposed
by the committee to grade down the grounds
lying east of the Capitol. The ground east
of the Capitol, from the stops east, now rises;
and the elevation of First street east, which is
over here by the Carroll block, is a little over
eight feet higher than the foot of the Capitol
steps. This gives a very low appearance to the
building from that direction. It is thought it
would improve the building very much to grade
that square down so as to bring First street
east one foot lower than the lowest step of the
eastern front of the Capitol. Then the ground
will be drained north and south. As all will
recollect who have any knowledge ofthe ground,
it declines very rapidly north and south. It will
require no grading on B street north or B street
south ; there is a sufficient descent to take off
the water.
We have had this ground all surveyed by
engineers detailed by the engineer department,
and also by the architect in charge here, Mr.
Clark, who have measured the quantity of earth
which is necessary in order to extend the ter-
race. The terrace on the west front of the
Capitol, according to the proposed plan, is to
be extended around on the north and south
ends ofthe Capitol; and it will require a large
amount of earth upon the south ofthe Capitol
to fill it up to B street and to grade B street.
The quantity of earth which may be obtained
by grading down the square east of the Capitol,
as proposed, will not be sufficient to fill up what
will be requisite to extend these terraces and
make this improvement; so that it will cost
nothing to grade the block east of the Capitol.
We can get earth there cheaper than anywhere
else, and we shall need twice the amount that
will bo furnished by this grading.
The two blocks of ground to which I have
referred, the one on which Mrs. Carter's is and
the one corresponding to it on the other side,
are known as squares 687 and C88. In 1860
the title of the different owners to the property
in those squares was examined, and 1 have ,in
my hand the report of the district attorney for
the District of Columbia, who was charged
with that duty, showing who owns each lot,
and tracing the title of each person to the
property which he claims, and also the assessed
value of these two blocks, and their estimated
value by nine gentlemen selected for that pur-
pose. I will read the report of those nine gen-
tlemen as to the value of these lots, as the Sen-
ate probably would like to know something
about what the expense of purchasing these
squares will be:
"Washington, January21,1861.
"In compliance with the request of Robert Ould,
United States attorney for the District of Columbia,
that the undersigned should appraise the fair cash
value of the several pieces of real estate embraced
in a certain proposed enlargement of the public
grounds around the Capitol, we respectfully submit
that, after a personal inspection of the premises and
a careful consideration of the value thereof, in our
judgment the same are worth the several amounts
named in the aforesaid schedules. "We further cer-
tify that we have no interest in the said property.
" Given under our hands."
I will read the names. They are all citizens
of Washington and known to many members
of the Senate, and I presume the valuation at
that time was a fair one:
" Thomas J. Fish«r, Charles W. Botoler, jr., George
W. Riggs, Samuel Bacon, Richard Wallach, B. B.
French, J. Van Riswick, j. M. Brodhead, John D.
Brandt."
The estimate of these two blocks which we
propose now to purchase at that time was for
the value of the lots in square 687, $87,033, and
for the value of the improvements upon that
square, $47,150. The value oftkelotsin square
G88 was $97,754, and the value of the improve-
ments, $57,550, making the whole value of
the two squares, as estimated by this com-
mission of nine gentlemen—and each par-
ticular lot is calculated for as well as the im-
provements—about throe hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, I think. The bill under
consideration provides that the Secretary of.
the Interior may purchase this property by
private contract with the owners at'a price not
exceeding that named in this appraisal made
in 1801; but in case he cannot agree with the
owners as to the pricc, then the bill contains
a provision for the condemnation of the prop-
erty under the direction of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia.
I believe I have presented to the Senate all
that is necessary to an understanding of the
matter, and I shall be happy, so far as I can,
to explain to any member of the Senate who
may desire it anything further or communicate
any information that I may have in explana-
tion of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire from the
Senator from Illinois whether he has made any
estimate of the probable expense of the pur-
chase which is contemplated by the bill at the
present time. The report which he has read
was dated in 1861, five years ago. Between
that time and this, I take it for granted, the
property has increased in value considerably,
and must now be worth, according to asking
prices, perhaps half a million at least.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know. The
information in regard to that is somewhat con-
flicting. One member of the committee—I do
not know whether he is now present—informed
me that some of the owners had stated to him
that they were willing to take the appraisal. I
have seen other owners, and they say they will
not take it; but if they do not, then the bill
provides for a condemnation. We thought it
better to put a limit on the Secretary of the
Interipr, that he should not give above this
appraisal. The Senator will remember this
appraisement was made before the war.
Mr. HOWARD. I noticed that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And perhaps atonetime
the property has been much lower; it could
have been bought for less. How it may be
nowl cannot say. There is a difference of
opinion about that. My own judgment is that
most of the proprietors will be glad to take the
amount that the property was appraised at;
but if they do not, we know no other way than
to proceed to condemn it and pay for it what-
may be assessed by a jury under the direction
of the proper court.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not been able to
discover any very pressing necessity, especially
at the present time, for enlarging the Capitol
grounds and incurring further expense for that
purpose. I do not know wherein the necessity
exists. The Capitol has been here for half a
century or more, and we have got on very com-
fortably with it, got on very well with the small
patch of ground on which we have be^n located.
I am not able to discover any great inconven-
ience from want of ground merely. There is
great inconvenience in this Chamber, I am
quite aware, owing t'othe peculiar atmosphere
with which we are blessed, but I do not know
of any necessity for an expansion of the surface
that we are occupying.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. I should like to ask
my friend from Michigan whether he is willing
the Capitol should stand as it now is, with no
ground beside the wings.
Mr. HOWARD. That would involve such
a variety of considerations that it might occupy
more time than I should be willing to allow.
Mr. FESSENDBN. I am not willing it
should stand that way without ground. We
must do it at some time or other.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely rose to make an
inquiry. I have got a partial answer from my
friend from Illinois; but as to a part of my
question he does not seem to have given it at-
tention, and that is the necessity which exists
for extending the surface of the public grounds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that is ob-
vious to every one's eye-sight. Certainly this
building, upon which so many millions have
been expended, is not to be lefthere perma-
nently in this unfinished condition of the
grounds about it.
Mr. HOWARD. If the capital could be
moved into the valley of the Mississippi river,
the people there could furnish any amount of
ground that might be necessary without any
expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will they meet the
expense of-the removal?
Mr. HOWARD. There are some reasons
which I think might induce them to take the
entire expense of temoving the capital, if they
had a chance.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have great respect for
the opinion of the honorable member from
Michigan; but I am inclined to think that in
this instance he will be thought by the Senate
to be in error. I am so well satisfied of that,
that I will not undertake to state why I think
'that he is in error. I rise for a different pur-
pose, and I ask the attention, therefore, of my
friend from Illinois.
The second section,-of the bill limits the Sec-
retary of the Interior, who is to purchase the
property, to the sum that was ascertained to be
its value in 1861, before the war commenced,
and amounting, perhaps, as he correctly added
it up, to some three hundred and sixty-odd
thousand dollars. That estimate" was made
upon the hypothesis that a dollar was a dollar.
Now, I want to know from the honorable mem-
ber whether this valuation is to be paid in the
existing currency. I suppose it is. If it is to
be paid in that way the owners of the property
will not get the value of their property as it
was ascertained in 1861, but just so much less
as a dollar now is worth less than it was in
1861.
Then, my friend from Illinois will be kind
enough to tell me what is the meaning, in the
particular which I have mentioned, of the suc-
ceeding section. The third section assumes
that the Secretary may not be able to obtain
the property by purchase from the present own-
ers, and it gives, therefore, to the Secretary the
authority to have the property condemned
under ''the provisions of this act." I want to
knowof my friend from Illinois whether under
that condemnation the jury or the board, who-
ever may pass upon the value of the property,
