1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April- 5,
sentences from that opinion, for it is to be
found reported in the Congressional Globe
containing the proceedings-of this bod}', less
than ninet}r days ago. This is the language:
"While tliey [negroes] -were slaves it "svas a very
different (juration; but now. when slavery is ter-
minated, and by terminating ityou have got rid of the
only obstacle in the way oi' citizenship, two questions
ari^e: lir^t. whether that fact itself does not make
them citizens? Before they were not citizens, because
of slavery, and only because of slavery. Slavery
abolished, why are they not just as much citizens as
they would have been had slavery never existed?
My opinion is that they become citizens, and I hold
that opinion so strongly that I should consider it
unnecessary to legislate on the subject at all, as far
as that class is concerned, but for the ruling1 of the
Supreme Court, to which I have adverted."
Sir, that opinion was held by the honorable
Senator from Maryland who made this speech
to-day. IJe holds the opinion so strongly now
that slavery is abolished, which was the only
obstacle in the way of their being citizens, that
he would want no legislation on the subject
but for the Dred Scott decision! "What further
did the Senator from Maryland say less than
ninety days ago ? It is possible doubtless, it is
not only possible but it is certainly true, that
the Senator from Maryland by reading the con-
clusive arguments of the veto message in re-
gard to Chinese and Gypsies has discovered
that he was in error ninety days ago. I by no
means mean to impute any wrong motive to the
Senator from Maryland, but simply to ask that
he will paidon rue if I have not been able to
see the conclusive reasoning of the veto mes-
sage, I will read a little further from this
opinion. In alluding to the view of the Su-
preme Court in the Dred Scott case; the Sen-
ator said:
"They held that the Constitution of the United
States in no part of it in which the word citizen w:b
used was intended to embrace the African; or, to
state it still more stumgly, but not moic strongly
than the court statod it, 1 hey held that looking to the
contemporaneous history and to the contempoiane-
ous legislation of the several States at the time the
Constitution was adopted, the use of the word 'cit-
izen ' as employed in that Constitution was to ex-
clude the- Atiiean.
]*Mr. Cow v\. And every othei race but the white.
44 Mr. Johnson. Kvei y racu but the white—to ex-
clude the -African. That decision stands unreversed.
Nobody can say that it will be reversed. It is the
decision of the highest court, to which we arc bound
to submit with nil proper deference, not binding unon
us perhaps ns leaislating in very many particulars;
but still, after such a decision has been pronounced,
it U our duty, as I think, to moid its results if we
think that decision in the present state of the coun-
try would produce mischievous results, by providing
that these people, notwithstanding their Afiican de-
scent, sh.ill he ciHwns of the United States now that
thiiy are free/'—Daily Globe of January 31, I860.
This is a part ofth c opinion delivered in this
body less than ninety day: ago by the Senator
from Maryland. Since the abolition of sla-
very lie was of the opinion, and .strongly of the
opinion, for ho is always strong in any opinion
he entertains, that native-born colored people
in the country were citizens; but out of def-
erence to the decision in the Dred Scott ease,
which seems always to be flitting in the mind
of the Senator from Maryland, lie thought it
advisable to provide by law that they should
be citizens. As that speech made less than
ninety days ago is a better argument than [am
capable of making, 1 shall not attempt to re-
ply in any other way to the speech of the Sen-
ator from Maryland upon that question to-day.
iiuias f am up f will refer to one other point
to which the Senator alluded, and that is in
regard to the quotation which I made vesierd.iy
from the statute of 17'J0._ I quoted that statute
for (he purpose of showing that tho provisions
ill the hill under consideration, wliieli it was
insisted alloua d the punishment of ministerial
officers and judges who should .act in obedience
to State laws and under color of State laws,
were not anomalous. 1 read a statute of 1790
to show that the Congress of the United States
at. that day provided for punishing both.judges
and officers who acted under color of State
law in defiance of a law of the United States.
How does tho Senator answer that? lie says
that was on a ditferent subject; the law of IT'.iO
provided lor punishing judges and officers who
diu ail act in violation of international law,
jurisdiction over which is conferred upon the
nation. Lot me ask the Senator from Mary-
land, if the bill under discussion does not pro-
vide for the punishment of persons who violate
a right secured by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States? Is a right which a citizen holds by
virtue of the Constitution of his country less
sacred than a right which he holds by virtue of
international law? The statute of 1790 pro-
vided :
"That if any writ or process shall at anytime here-
after be sued forth or prosecuted by any person or
persons, in any of the courts of the United States,
or in any of the courts of a particular State, or by
anyjudge or justicotherein respectively, whereby the
person of any embassador or other public minister
of"any foreign prince or State, authorized and re-
ceived as such by the President of the United States,
or any domestic or domestic servant of any such em-
bassador or other public minister, may be arrested or
imprisoned, or his or their goods or chattels be dis-
trained, seized, or attached, such writ or process shall
be deemed and adjadged to be utterly null and void
to all intents, constructions, and purposes whatso-
ever."
The next section provided:
"That in ease any person or persons shall sue forth
or prosecute any such writ or process, such person or
persons, and all attorneysor solicitors piosecuting or
soliciting in such ease, and all officers executing a,ny
such writ or process, being thereof convicted, shall be
deemed violators of the law oi nations, and disturb-
ers of the public repose, and unpusoned not exceed-
ing three years, and fined at the discretion of tho
court/'
I think that is a complete precedent for the
sccond section of this bill. But, sir, I did not
rise with a view of making any extended re-
marks; 1 simply desired to reply to one or two
of the positions assumed by the Senator from
Maryland, which it seemed to me were incon-
sistent with the instruction wdiich he had im-
parted to the Senate when he spoke in this
body some three months ago, and we know
that when he speaks he always imparts in-
struction to all of us.
Mr. J0112sSOX. Mr. President, I am very
much obliged to the honorable member for his
compliment; but it is singular, in my estima-
tion, how a gentleman with a mind as clear as
his, with a perspicacity tliat is a little surprising,
could have fallen into the error of supposing
that there is any inconsistency between, the
doctrine contained in the speech to which he
has adverted and tho one which I have main-
tained to-day. What X said then I say now,
that as far as the United States are concerned
all persons born within the limits of the Uni-
ted States are to be considered as citizens, and
that without reference to tho color or the race ;
that after the abolition of slavery the negro
would stand precisely in the condition of tho
white man. 13ut the honorable member can
hardly fail, I think—certainly he cannot when
I call his attention to it—to perceive that that
has nothing to do with the question now before
the Senate. His bill makes them citizens of
the United States because of birth, and gives
to them certain rights within the States.
Mr. FESSEXl/EX. Were not your remarks
made on this very question in this bill?
Mr. JOHXSOX. No; on another bill. What
I maintain is tins, (and T have never doubted
it, because 1 entertained the same opinion when
I made those remarks that I entertain now,)
that citizenship of the L'nited States in conse-
quence of birth does not make the party a cit-
izen of the State in which he is born unless the
constitution and laws of the State recognize
liim as a citizen. Now, what does this bill pro-
pose? All born within the United States are
to be considered citizens of the United States,
and as such shall have in every State all the
rights that belong to anybody else in the State
as iar as tho particular subjects stated in the
bill are concerned. Now, I did suppose, and
I shall continue to suppose, it to be clear unless
I am met with the almost paramount authority
of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
that citizenship by way of birth conferred on
the party as far as he and the United States
were concerned, is not a citizenship which en-
titles him to the privilege of citizenship within
the State where he is born ; if it, be true, and
1 submit that it is true beyond all doubt, that
over tho question of State citizenship the au-
thority of the Stat® government is supreme.
Now, the honorable member is confounding
the status of a citizen of the United States and
the status of a citizen of the United States who
as such is a citizen of the State of his residence.
Maintaining as I do that there is no authority
to make anybody a citizen of the United States
SO as to conveit him thereby into "a citizen of
a State, there is 110 authority in the Constitu-
tion for this particular bill, which says that be-
cause he is a citizen of the United States he is
to be considered a citizen of any State in which
he may be at any time with reference to the
rights conferred by this bill.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will my colleague allow
me to say a word in reply to the Senator from
Maryland, before he proceeds?
Mr. YATES. I shall occupy but a few mo-
ments. I remember very well that the Senator
from Maryland offered an amendment.to the
Freedmen's Bureau bill to this effect: to" strike
out, the words "without distinction of color."
The Freedmen's Bureau bill applied legisla-
tion by Congraes to the freedmcn in the States
and to the condition of the freedmen in the
States. It was legislation that affected the
freedmcn in the rebellious States. If I remem-
ber aright the Senator from Maryland moved
to strike out the words "without distinction of
color" in one section of that bill, and for that
motion he gave this reason : because under the
Constitution of the United States as amended
abolishing slavery in all the States and Terri-
tories of the United States, the freedmen occu-
pied precisely the same position with any other
citizen of the United States in any State or
Territory. I understood him as taking the
broad position, wdiich I have maintained, and
wdiich Republican Senators iuv.e maintained,
and wdiich I think the country maintains, that
under the Constitution asamended the freedman
occupies precisely the same position as any
man born in any State or TerritorjSof the Uni-
ted States ; and that was the object, if I under-
stood the Senator from Maryland, of his mov-
ing to amend the Freedmen's Bureau bill by
striking out the words "without distinction of
color."
I recognize the authority of the decisions
quoted by the Senator from Maryland before the
adoption of the amendment to the Constitution.
The States had the power over the question of
slavery in the States before the amendment to
the Constitution ; but by the amendment to the
Constitution, in which the States have concurred,
the freedman becomes a free man, entitled to
the same rights and privileges as any other
citizen of the United Slates.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to remark
that the speech from which I quoted, made by
the Senator from Maryland, was made upoti-
tliis very bill. It was in reference to this bill
that lie was speaking when he laid down the
proposition that every person born in the Uni-
ted States since tho abolition of slavery was a
citizen of the United States, and if there was
any doubt about it, it was proper for us to de-
clare them so, and not only proper, but our
duty to do so ; and to make the matter specific,
the honorable Senator voted for this proposi-
tion, which I will now read, on the yeas and
nays:
"All persons born in the United States, and not
subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
taxed, are hereby declared to he citizens of the United
States, without distinction of color."
Upon the adoption of that pro. iO'-i! ion ay an
amendment, it not being in the bill as originally
introduced, tho Senator from Maryland, with
thirty others, voted in the affirmative. So we
have his high authority for saying that all per-
sons born in the United States, and not subject
to any foreign Power, are citizens of the United
States, exactly as it appears in this bill; but
if I understood the first half hour of his re-
marks to-day. they were devoted to endeavor-
ing to show that jicgroes were not citizens of
the United States by reason of their birth in
the United States, and that Congress had no
authority by law to declare them so.
But the Senator from Maryland on that
