1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
305
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Representation of Southern States■—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
failed as to prove to the satisfaction of all the
men of that day that it was wholly insufficient
to answer the exigencies of the United States
as a Government. They, therefore, the great
men of the country, those who had carried it
tlirough the Revolution and who had established
our liberty and our independence, saw that all
the fruits of their long war and of their great sac-
rifices would be lost unless there was a more
efficient form of government made for all the
States. Therefore, ex officio, they wrote letters
to the different States, urging upon the leading
men of each to have delegates elected to meet
in general convention for the purpose of form-
ing a more efficientcommon Government. That
Convention met and deliberated. It framed a
written instrument that afterwards appeared
with the impress of each State as constituting
for them a common Government. It was signed
by Washington as the President of that Con-
vention, and the Convention recommended it
to the people of the United States for their
adoption. The Articles of Confederation con-
ferred upon thl Congress very limited and
only advisory powers. It neither established
nor authorized any courts. Its resolves were
not laws, but mere recommendations to the
States j they had no sanctions, no machinery
to give them effect; they had no operation on
individuals, but spoke through the State gov-
ernments. and by them came to be habitually
disregarded. The Articles of Confederation did
not organize a Government, but formed merely
a league for independent States; the proposed
Constitution provided for a common Govern-
ment for the States, was recommended by the
Convention to be adopted by the people of each
State as a separate sovereignty, to have no
obligation upon any State until accepted and
ratified by it, and none upon those which might
ratify it unless it was accepted by at least
nine. It was submitted to the people of the
States acting by their sovereign conventions,
and was ratified by all, and in this way it
was stamped by the highest authority. But it
was with a fullunderstandingthatitwas simply
a proposition of a plan of government, by wise
and patriotic men, and it was recommended to
the different States; and it was adopted by
them, acting by their conventions, and thus
received its first authority. But the conven-
tions of Virginia, Now York, Massachusetts,
North Carolina, and other States, at the same
time recommended numerous amendments,
that were generally publicly debated; and if it
had not been manifest that the most important
would be adopted, the proposed Constitution
would have been rejected. The most essential
of those suggested amendments were adopted,
and are the chief bulwarks of American liberty.
In this scheme of government we find this
clause: " New States may be admitted by Con-
gress into this Union;" and that is all the
provision of the' Constitution in relation to the
subject of new States. It has been said in the
course of this discussion, and truly, that when
a State is once in the Union it is alwaj's in
the Union. That position is true; and why
is it true? Because there is no mode pro-
vided or contemplated in the Constitution by
which a State of the Union can ever get out
of it. The original thirteen States became
permanent members of the Union when they
adopted the Constitution and entered into the
Union by becoming parties to the Government.
That is their destiny until it is changed by revo-
lution, and no force, no power short of success-
ful revolution, can ever change the position of
those States as members of the Union, or dis-
rupt a single State of the Union from it. As
Vermont, Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio, and all
the subsequent new States were admitted into
the Union, they became members of the United
States upon precisely the same permanent law
and condition; they were all States of the Union
in perpetuity and all the timeand to be some-
times out and then_ again in without revolution
was a legal impossibility.
What is done when a State is admitted into
the Union? What is then required by the Con-
stitution ? She simply presents herself with a
government of a republican form, and the ques-
tion is submitted to Congress whether she shall
be received as a new State into the Union or
not. m An act of Congress for that purpose is
framed and passed; and so soon as that act has
passed and her Senators and Representatives
are admitted to their seats, the work is con-
summated. Nothing more is to be done. She
may change her constitution in time of war or
peace as often as she may please, and her
change of constitution does not affect her posi-
tion as a member of the Union so long as she
adheres to a republican form of government;
and even though she should change her gov-
ernment so as not to preserve a republican
form, that change would not affect her position
in the Union. She would continue dejure one
of the United States. How would Congress
take cognizance in the matter of a State having
adopted a government not republican in form ?
It would simply declare the anti-republican
features to be void and inoperative; the residue
would remain in full force and effect, the State
being all the time in the Union and possessed
of all her constitutional rights and powers.
Mr. President, most of the old States have
changed their constitutions at some time or
other. The State of New York formed her first
constitution in 1777. She had no mode pre-
scribed in that constitution by which it should
be amended or altered, yet it was amended
twice by conventions of the people. In 1821
she met in general convention and formed
another constitution, and in that constitution
she provided a mode for its amendment; that
mode required time and had some complexity;
and in 1846 the State of New York determined
to change her constitution again, and disre-
garding the forms of the proceeding required
by it, she called summarily a sovereign con-
vention of her people, which proceeded to form
a new constitution, and repudiated the one of
1821. This action of the convention was rati-
fied and confirmed by her people.
When the constitutions of 1821 and 1840
were framed, they both went quietly into opera-
tion, and the position of New York as one of
our constellation of States was in no way per-
turbed, and Congress took no notice whatever
of her having changed her constitutions. Their
submission to Congress for its approval, or any
rehabilitation of that State as one of the United
States, was not dreamed of by any one. On
the contrary, being a State in the Union, and
having,a republican form of government in 1787,
when the Constitution of the United States was
adopted, she changed it from time to time, and
continued her relations with the Federal Gov-
ernment without any question. There was no
congressional action whatever when New York
or any other State changed its constitution.
So long as the State government was preserved
in a republican form, and the proper relations
of the State with the United States were not
disturbed, their governmentcould notinterfere;
and its whole power of interference would be
simply to reform what the State might improp-
erly do in the premises.
I conclude, then, that the attempt of the
rebel States to got out of the Union by seces-
sion, or by unsuccessful arms, has left them
members of the Union as though they had never
made such an attempt, and that their abortive
efforts cannot he effectuated by Congress, or
by the entire Governmentof the United States;
that their entire power and duty is to hold all
the States in the position of States in the Union,
and where their proper relations are broken
simply to restore, preserve, and perpetuate
them.
Mr. President, Congress is expressly clothed
with authority by the Constitution to call out
the militia to suppress insurrections. I ask
gentlemen whether there is any difference be-
tween an insurrection by the authority or the
countenance of a State government and an in-
surrection without such authority; or, if yoti
please, in defiance of it. Here, for example,
is the great State of New York; she now has
more than four million people. Suppose there
was an insurrection iu that State against the
State government, and the UnitedStat.es Gov-
ernment moved to suppress it, and the State
government adhered to the Union and r.ook part
against the insurgents, and, with such assist-
ance, the General Government suppressed the
insurrection; every man engaged in the insur-
rection against the State government and the
United States Government would be guilty of
treason. But I ask the difference in principle,
in constitutional provision, in punishment, or
for any other legal consequences, between reb-
els who had thus reared the standard of revolt
independently and in defiance of the State gov-
ernment, and of those rebels who have the
sanction and all the cooperation and aid which
their State governments can give them. The
States cannot commit treason or any other
crime against the United States, and conse-
quently there is no punishments or forfeitures
declared against States, no modes to try or
punish States. Crimes can be perpetrated, ac-
cording to our system and laws, only by indi-
viduals, natural persons, and it is only individu-
als and natural persons that can be punished.
Theindividuals, natural persons, who make war
against the United States, or who adhere to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort, com-
mit treason and are subject to its punishment,
whether they act under or in defiance of the
State authorities; their crime, their punish-
ment, and all the legal consequences are pre-
cisely the same whether the insurgents act in
obedience to or against the State authorities.
The governments of eleven States arrayed
themselves in favor of the late insurrection.
But in Missouri, Kentucky, and Maryland, the
State governments adhered to the United States,
although many of the people of each of those
States entered into the rebel armies; while in
the revolted States many of their citizens were
faithful to the United States. The whole law
which governed the rebellion having no appli-
cation whatever to States, all the States as po-
litical organizations continued unaffected by
it; but all individual persons who embarked in
the rebellion became equally subject to the law
of treason, without any regard to the course of
the State governments of which they were cit-
izens.
Mr. President, these hasty remarks lead me
to the conclusion that these States as States
were not in the rebellion at all. It was an im-
possibility forthe State governments to assume
that position ; they could not take upon them-
selves that delinquency. They could not give
the form and relationship of State governments
to the rebellion at all. They could in no way
modify the character of the rebellion or of the
rebels by connecting the State government
with it. It remained as it would have been if
there had been no effort to enlist the State
governments in the rebellion, simply the crime
of individuals. J efferson Davis would not be
responsible as the president of the confederate
States, nor would any of the Governors of the
confederate States be responsible as Govern-
ors of their respective States. Their delin-
quency, their crime, their responsibility and
punishment, the denunciation by the Constitu-
tion and the law of their acts, are against them
as individuals, and not as officials either of the
confederate government or of the State govern-
ments of the confederate States.
If this position be true, where is the pretext
for assuming now that an act of Congress is
necessary to the readmission of the rebel States
into the Union ? They have never been out
of it legally. In contemplation of the Con-
stitution and law they have never been out of
it. They were no more out of it in the midst
of the rebellion when the wager of battle
seemed most unpromising to the United States
