1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
occasion said more than I have read to the Sen-
ate. There is a great deal of information and
instruction in the speech which he delivered.
Among other things, he said:
" It is very desirable that wo should cease to con-
sider for a moment that, in relation to citizenship
and rights, there is, as far as the Constitution of the
United States is concerned, any difference on account
of color."
"There are a,11 sorts of notions, having no founda-
tion in fact or in law, broached from time to time by
individuals or classes of individuals; but I suppose
that if the Constitutiondeclaredthatallpcrsonsborn
in the United States should bo citizens, nobody would
be able to raise a reasonable doubt that it included
the black man." ^ * "• * * *
" I conclude, therefore, with what X said in the be-
ginning, that it seems to mo very desirable that wo
should upon the very first occasion that arises, and
upon every occasion, if any future occasion should
arise, say at once, virtually, by ceasing to use the
term 'distinction of color,'that in the judgment, of
the American Senate and of the people of the United
States, there is no such distinction."
Now, the Senator says that a citizen of the
United States, by virtue of his birth, is not
therefore a citizen of a State. What is he, I
should like to know, if ho is not a citizen of a
State? What is tho condition of a naturalized
foreigner? Mo becomes a citizen of the United
States. Does he have any different rights from
a native-born citizen, or any greater rights?
He certainly has a right, being naturalized as
a citizen of the United States, to go into any
State of the Union and there reside. Does he
not then become a citizen of that State? Is he
not a citizen of the State wherein ho is natu-
ralized? Look at your naturalization laws.
They provide for naturalizing persons through
the State courts, and the naturalized citizen
and tho. native-born citizen have precisely the
same civil rights, not political rights in all
cases, because political rights are regulated, as
we all admit, without regard to citizenship. If
the Senator is right, and American citizenship,
that is, being a citizen of the United States,
confers no rights in a Slate, does not allow the
citizen to leave then}, or to go there, I should
like to know- what this American citizenship is
worth ami what it amounts to.
I shall not go over the argument that I made
yesterday to show that certain fundamental
rights belong to every American citizen as such,
and among those are tiie rights to enjoy life
and liberty and to acquire property. Such arc
the decisions of all the courts. We would pro-
tect a citizen in a foreign nation in those rights.
Certainly, then, the (lovernmcnt has power to
protect them within its own jurisdiction.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I \ery much
desire that we may have an understanding with
those who advocate the passage of this bill by
which we shall fix the hour when the vote may
be taken. It is well known to the Senate that
* there arc gentlemen who propose to vote against
the bill whose health is in a very delicate con-
dition; and common humanity would dictate
that they be allowed to come here at, such a
convenient hour as maybe fixed by the Senate,
in order that they may cast their votes. I should
like to have some uiideistaudiug with gentle-
men 011 the other side, and that they should fix
the hour most agreeable to themselves, so that
it shall not be put into the night, in order that
we may accommodate these invalid brothers
of ours. I will move, if it be in order, that the
vote be taken at live o'clock, if that will be^ sat-
isfactory. I understood the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary to state that he
would press the vote to-night if the Senate sus-
tained him. We do uot propose to make any
factious opposition to the vote; and wo are
willing that it shall be taken at live o'clock, or
at half past four o'clock, if desirable. Wo do
not wish to prolong the debate or waste words,
as it is supposed that everybody by this time
has made up his mind on the subject. 1 move,
then, that the vote bo taken upon the bill at
five o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am ready to proceed
to the vote at once, if nobody wishes to debate
"it further. '! hi.-- is o very important question,
and ! "do'not wish to tie'up the hands of the
different parties in regard to the taking of the
voto. I do not know that all the itiends ol tins
measure are -here; and I think that upon a
measure of this kind we should afford a rea-
sonable opportunity to everybody to discuss it;
and when the discussion is over wo should pro-
ceed to take a vote. I am not authorized to
speak for the Senate, so far as I am concerncd,
to say whether they would agree to take the
vote at any particular hour or not. The Sen-
ator makes that motion. The Senate can do
what they please in regard to it. It is a thing
that I never knew to be done since I have been
a member of tho body.
Mr. COWAN. I called upon the honorable
chairman of tho Committee on the Judiciary to
know whether he would agree that the vote
should be taken in the morning. He declined,
properly I have no doubt, and said that he
would press the vote to-night, that it was his
duty so to do, if the Senate sustained hitn, I
have made this motion for the purpose "of
accommodating two gentlemen wdio are well
known to bo sick, very seriously sick, even unto
death, and who arc to be here, and will be here,
I trust, almost by a miracle. But it is said the
vote is to be taken now, and that if the vote is to
be taken now, the honorable chairman is ready.
We are not ready, and we are not obliged to
him for that courtesy. We can debate tho bill,
at least until we get those gentlemen here. If
there is no disposition on the part of the ma-
jority, even if it should not be the constitu-
tional two-thirds majority, to deal fairly and as
becomes the humanity and the civilization of
the age, then 1 have nothing further to say.
We arc not here to solicit favors ; wo scorn
them quite as much as we would seeking to ob-
tain advantages. But. from tho well-known facts
of the case I had supposed gentlemen would
consent to fix an hour for taking the vote.
There is no telling when anyone of us maybe
in tho same situation that the Senator tiom
Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] and the Senator fiom
New Jersey [Mr. Wukiht] now find themselves
in; and really I did not suppose that any con-
ceivable objection could be made to the hour
that I named. If the motion is out of order, I
shall withdraw it. If it. is iu order, I insist
that the vote bo taken upon it.
Mr. MeDOUOALL. I do not agree with
my friend from Pennsylvania ; I do not think
the motion in order. There is an ancient law
of the Senate that all Senators may be heard
in advancing their own opinions and conclu-
sions upon all questions depending in tho Hen-
ate Chamber. 1 do not. wish to sic that law
impinged upon. It belongs to the dignity ol
this body. I should like to see Senators on
the other side consent by courtesy to such an
arrangement; I would concur in it although it
might prevent me from doing what 1 may choose
to do, to say something upon this question.
I would waive all such considerations for the
purpose of bringing the matter to a vote and
having it. finally concluded, consistent with the
possible health of the Senators who are at pres-
ent absent, and who have to come in for that
especial occasion. Iftiiey aretovced to^eome
heieatthe sound of the bell, without any formal
warning, I shall regard it as an outrage upon
humanity. I know there are men on the oppo-
site side who are capable of these things, but
I think that is not the sentiment or the spirit
of the party on the opposite side. 1 hope that
by the courtesy of the Senate, on both sides
of the Chamber, it maybe conceded and agreed
that the vote may be taken at four, or hall past
four o'clock, to-morrow. 1 do uot approve of
the, motion as made, because that makes a rule
of the Senate, as against tho courtesy of the
Senate, which should be the only go'.erning
rule. As against any such rule, i would have
the right to rise in my place, and, aceordingto
the taw ol the Senate, discuss the question at
my will, and 1 might, violate the courtesy a:- it
was violated here the other day, on a similar
oecasion, by the Senator from Massachusetts.
! But, f hope tho courtesy of the Senate will ad-
mit of a geaeial understanding that the vote
may lie taken at four o'clock' to-morrow.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. (Mr. Harris
iu the chair.) The Chair, though uot familiar
with questions of this sort, is of vthe opinion
that this motion is not in- order. A .motion to
postpone tho bill to a day certain might, be en-
tertained ; but a motion to t ake the vote at a
particular hour is not in order.
Mr. COWAN. I proposed it as an amica-
ble arrangement, and I supposed it would be
agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust the chairman
of the committee will consent to take the vote
at half past four o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, if no arrange-
ment can be arrived at, I propose to say a very-
few words upon the subject now tinder consid-
eration by the Senate. I think that the ques-
tion hero is purely one of constitutional law,
and upon tiie determination of that question
properly or improperly the fate of the bill ought
to depend. I have a very clear and decided
opinion of my own on that question. I think
the merits of the bill are out of the question
really; but as a great many good people think
that tho bill has intrinsic merits which ought
to override the provisions of the Constitution,
and ought to become a law, notwithstanding
our want of power to pass it, I propose to say
a few words, which, if they are not to convince
anybody ill tho Senate, may go to the country
and be reflected upon there.
I agree, and am quite willing as an inhabit-
ant of one of the States of this Union, or a
citizen, or an elector, or any other word you
may choose to use in order to designate me,
that all tho people of this country shall enjoy
the rights conferred upon them by this bill. I
have never had anv objection to that; and if
my own State, Pennsyhuniu, did not confer all
these rights, or almost all of them, certainly the
voice of no'onc in that State should be heard
sooner, longer, or louder than my own unlit
they were secured. That all men should have
the'right to contract, I agree. That all people
should have therightto enforce their contracts,
1 agree. 1 might limit the i ight o^ a great many
people to purchase and hold real estate, but as
a geneial proposition 1 would allow them to
pureha.se, hold, and lease, and to bo entitled
to their remedies for the defense of their prop-
erly. There is no doubt in my mind about
that.
But what I wish to say at the start is, that
this bill, even supposing it had all the merit in
the wotld. wdl not, be ell'eetive to attain the
ends hoped for by its friends ; and that, apart
from that, its provisions are exceedingly dan-
gerous. Waiving the question of power, there-
fore, I propose to direct tho attention of the
Senate to the provisions of tins bilk I think it
will bo found that it has not been read hereto-
fore very closely. The first section provides
that "ail persons born in 1he United States,"
with certain exceptions which 1 need not read,
shall be "citizens of the United Stales; and
such citizens of every race and color," and I
suppose that means everybody—
"Shall have the same risht in every State and Ter-
ritorv in the United States to make and onfoico con-
triic-t.-, to ,-ue, he ],aities, atul <rivc, evidence, to m-
hcrii, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real and
personal property."
This portion of tho first section confers upon
all persons bom in the United States the rights
which are here enumerated, audit confers those
rights without any qualification and without any
restriction what ever : and I beg leave to direct
the attention of Senators to the next clause
because 1 am sure theic is a misapprehension
I upon that subject. The bill has been taken to
! mean to confer those rights as they aie con-
ferred upon white citizens in the several States,
j That is not so. These rights are not conferred
i absolutely, and if we look at them and see what
! they are, we shall ascertain what may be done
l with this bill within the Slates. It provides
|i that all native-born citizens '-shall have the
■ same right in every State and Territory in the
!| United States.'' Now, a married woman in
110 State that T knon of Las a right to make
contracts generally Lo -<uth- of the Slates she
cannot, contract at all: iu others she contracts
sub modo; and iu all there is a limit put upon
