1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2741
children of Otway II. Berryman, deceased, the
sum of $2,100 02, being the amount of losses
sustained by Otway H. Berryman while com-
manding and acting as purser of the United
States schooner Onkahye; but it is not to ex-
ceed the amount which a purser would have
received for performing the same duties oil
board of the vessel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is a report in
that case, I should like to hear it.
Mr. WILLEY. There is a report accom-
panying the bill which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr._ Willey, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, on the 25th of April:
The Committee on Naval Affair*, to whom was
referred the petition of Otway H. Berryman, pray-
ing to be allowed the amount of money paid by him
in adjusting his accounts as acting purser, have had
the same under consideration, and bes leave to repoi t:
That this memorial was presented to the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, at
the fir^t session ot the Thirty-Second Congress. On
the 10th day of August, 1852, Mr. Mallory, of snid
oomraittee, made a favorable report, accompanied
by a bill. No further action was taken on the bill at
that Congress.
At the first session of the Thirty-Third Congress
the memorial was again referred to said committee.
On the 15th of February, 185-i, Mr. Mallory again
made a favorable report, accompanied bya bill. On
the 7th of July. 1851, this bill was passed by the Sen-
ate; but it was never acted on by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
At the first session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress
this memorial was again referred to said committee,
and Mr. Mallory aarain made a favorable report,
accompanied bv a bill, which was passed by the Sen-
ate on the 16th of April. 1800. The House of Repre-
sentatives failed to pass upon it.
At the Thirty-Sixth Congress Mr. Hammond, of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, made a favornble
report on the claim, accompanied bya bill, which
was parsed by the Senate on the 6th of April, 1860.
But the House of Representatives again failed to
consider the bill.
Since the passage of the bill last aforesaid the
petitioner has died, and since hi5? death his widow
has also departed this life, leaving four children who
are in indigent circumstances.
The committee adopt the last report made as afore-
said, which is as follows:
That thegi ounds relied upon by Lieutenant Berry-
man are substantially those which induced Congress
to grant relief to Lieutenant Chnries G. Hunter in
1853, and your committee cannot distinguish between
them.
Lieutennnt Berryman assumed the command of
the United States schooncr Onkahye in October.
1846, under an order fiom the Navy Department,
dated the 20th October, 1846, and he immediately
entered upon special duty, and performed active and
arduous service in the Gulf of Mexico, to Brazil and
Chagres, during twenty-two months, which was ter-
minated by the total shipwreck of the vessel on a
sunken reef in July. 1848.
With his command he was ordered to perform the
'duties of purser to the vessel, and the«e duties he
performed throughout the whole period of his com-
mand.
No adjustment of his accounts took placc until his
return to the United States, wnen it was found that
he had actually expended as purser more money, by
$2,3j:5, than he could produce the requisite vouchers
for. This sum he paid to the Government, and his
•accounts were balanced accordingly.
The memorialist alleges that he has diligently and
faithfully kept and disbursed the means intrusted to
him as purser to pay the lawful liabilities oi the Gov-
ernment, and that the omission to take and return
the proper vouchers for all his expenditures was alone
the result of his ignorance of, and his want of practice
in, the duties of purser.
The memorialist has a family to support, depend-
ent upon him. He had a small landed estate, which
he sold to pay his deficiency, and himself and family
have thereby become subjected to great pecuniary
embarrassment.
Your committee, from an examination of the me-
morial and its accompanying papers, and from inquir-
ies also at the Navy Department, are satisfied that
the Memorialist, whose character and standing as an
clficer and a man are irreproachable, did faithfully
disburse the means infniste-d to him in the payment
of the proper liabilities of theGovernment: and that
his ignorance of his accounts, and of the importance
of carefully preserving vouchers for every expendi-
ture, was due to his areneral want of familiaritv with
the duties of his incidental post of purser. He re-
ceived no compensation foi the performance of these
duties, nor could he receive any legally. His defi-
ciency is the resultofno misapplication of the means
of the Government, of no want of due care and dili-
gence in guarding and preserving them. The Gov-
ernment has had the benefit of the expenditure and of
his services—services which his education and train-
ing as an officer of the Navy did not make him at all
peculiarly fitting to perform. They belong wholly to
another department of the Navy and to men differ-
ently educated. They arc imposed on officers in com-
ma nd of public vessels by theGovernment for its own
convenience, and it should, unless some fraud is estab-
lished, bear thclosscs of its own neglect in not appoint- ;
ing the proper officer to perform these services. ;
The amoun-t of disbursements by memorialist as i
purser, during the period referred to, for which he
obtained credit at the Department, was $21,951 50.
Your committee deem it a proper case for relief,
and report a bill accordingly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is this bill reported by a
committee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unanimously, I believe.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive session.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
453, for the relief of Cornelius B. Gold, late
acting assistant paymaster United States Navy.
Mr. DOOLITTJLJE. I desire to move an
executive session.
Mr. CRAGIN. This is a very brief bill, and
will not take five minutes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is important that we
have an executive session. There is a matter
pending which should be disposed of, and I
move that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 22, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the absence of
the Chaplain, Mr. Boyxtox, for the past week
was on account of illness.
disbursing officers of public works.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend on act entitled l% An act
making appropriations for sundry cm! expenses
of the Government for the year endingthe 30th
of June, 1859;" which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read at length. It proposes to
amend a proviso of the act of June 30, 1851),
so that it shall read as follows:
Provided further. That where there is no collector
at the place of location of any public works herein
specified the Secretary of the Treasury shall have
power to appoint a disbursingagent for the pavment
of tfie moneys that are or maybe hereafter appro-
priated for the construction of any such public works,
with such compensation as he may deem equitable
and just: and all laws and parts of laws in conflict
with the provisions of this section be, and. the same
are hereby, repealed.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
letter carriers of san francisco.
Mr. McRUER asked unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Post
Ottice and Post Roads, for action at this time,
joint resolution H. R. No. 142, authorizing tlie
Postmaster General to pay additional salaries
to letter carriers of San Francisco.
Objection was made.
suspension and restoration of pensions.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the Commissioner of Pension?, on the 10th
day of June, 18i33, issued certain instructions and
forms for the restoration to the pension-rolls of the
names of persons who were dropped therefrom in
pursuance of an act approved February I, 1862. enti-
tled "An act authorizing the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to strike from the pension-rolls the names of
such persons as have taken up arms against the Gov-
ernment, or who may have in any manner encouraged
the rebellionTherefore,
Re-solved, That the Secretary of the Interior be di-
rected to report to this House the names and places
of residence of all persons who were dropped from the
pension-rolls in pursuance of said act, and who have
been at anytime sincei restored thereto; and of all
persons whose application for restoration may still
be pending, with the date of such restoration or appli-
cation. and the amount of annual pension allowed or
claimed in each case; also, whether arrcais of pen-
sions for any period of the rebellion have been allowed
or claimed in any such cases, a Dd the amount of arrears
allowed or claimed in each case,* also an estimate of
the amount required to pay the arrears of pensions
which accrued during the late rebellion to per on3
dropped from the roll* in pursuance of the provi-'ons
of said act; and also the precise proofs upon which
in each ease the restoration was allowed or the pend-
ingapplieation based, and on whose order or by whose
decision and underwent provision of law such restora-
tion'of pension or payment of arrears of pension has
been directed or authorized.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider tlie
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
a. walker.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of A. Walker
for losses sustained in the Mexican war; "which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
order of business.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I demand the
regular order of business.
. Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harding] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I am anxious
to get through with the public business. I do
not want to have evening sessions: still I am
willing to attend them if they are necessary.
But I cannot consent to taking up the time of
the House, which should be devoted to the reg-
ular business of the House, by special business.
Mr. MORRILL. I think we better go on
with the regular business.
assistant secretary of tiie navy.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is tlie
unfinished business of yesterday, being the
j consideration of Senate bill No. 318, author
1 izing the appointment of an additional Assist
1 ant Secretary of the Navy.
j' The question was upon ordering the Ml ta
'i be read a third time.
! Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I took occa-
sion just before the adjournment j7esterday to
explain the object and purpose of the bill now
under consideration. I suppose it is quite
fully understood by the House, and I have no
desix'e to consume time valuable for other pur-
poses in any further discussion of this bill.
And therefore I now call the previous question.
Mr. ROSS moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
On the motion there were—yeas 85. noes
55; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Ross, and Mr, Rice
of Massachusetts.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 28, noes 05.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. "Would it be in order,
Mr. Speaker, to move to amend the bill so as
to give the Secretary of the Navy leave to go
abroad? ("Laughter, j
Tlie SPEAKER. No amendment is in
order pending the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the mai% question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the
biil,
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 41, not voting
73 : as follows:
YEAS — Messrs Alley, Allison. Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baxter, Beainan. Bergen, iiidwe!!. Blow,
Boutweil, Brandesree, Conkling, Davis, DawK>u,
Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly. Brians, Eldridsre,
Ferry. Grikwold. Hale, Henderson, Bigby. Holmes,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester 1). Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard. Edwin N. Hubbell, In;rer-
soll, Jenckos, Julian, Kolley, Kuykendoll, Latlin,
Rice, John II. Rice, Rollins, Scofield, Spalding, Ste-
