2742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
vens, Stilwell, Thayer, Jobn L.Thomas, Trowbridge,
Burt Van Horn.Welker, James 1?. Wilson, Windom,
Winfield, and woodbridge—69.
SAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Delos E. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Bover, Chanler, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, De-
frees. Denison, Dumont, Eekley. Goodyear, Gri-
der, Aaron Harding, Abnor C. Harding. John H. Hub-
bard, liulburd, James M. Humphrey, Kerr, Ketcham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marshall,
McKee, Morris, Paine, William H. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers, Ros3, Sawyer, Sloan,Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Trimble. Van Acrnam. Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
and Wrijrht—41.
XOT VOX ING—Messrs. Anderson, Banks, Barker,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,Sidney Clarke,
Coffroth, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Delano, Eggleston,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Einok, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Grinnell, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Hill, Hogan,
Hooper, James R. Hubbell, James Humphrey, John-
son, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Latham, Lynch, Mars-
ton, McCullough, Melndoe, Mercur, Miller, Moul-
ton, Newell, Noeli, Orth, Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rousseau,
Sehenck, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Starr, Strouse, Taber,Thorn ton,Upson, Robert T.Yan
Horn, Warner, Elibu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn. Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, and Ste-
phen F. Wilson—73.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. IilCE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced: and agreeably to order, the House
resumes the consideration of the bill (H.R.No.
598) to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States. On this
bill the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
JexckesJ is entitled to the floor, fourteen min-
utes of his hour remaining.
Mr. JENCKES. In the bill as printed there
are several errors and inaccuracies; and on
behalf of the committee I desire to move
amendments to correct them.
I move to amend by striking out the word
"county," in the third line of the third sec-
tion, and inserting in lien thereof the words
"congressional district."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JEXCKES. I move further to amend
by striking out in the fourth line of the eleventh
section the word "five" and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "three;" so that the clause
will read:
That if any person residing within the jurisdiction
of the United States, owing debts provable under
this act exceeding the amount of $300, ohall apply by
petition, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JEXCKES. I also move to amend by
striking out in the twenty-seventh and twenty-
eighth lines of the twenty-eighth section the
words "at the time such dividend is given."
Those words are superfluous.
The amendment wa3 agreed to.
Mr. PIOLMES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Iihode island that in the thirty-fourth
line of the eleventh section the word "five"
should be " three."
Mr. JEXCKES. The gentleman is correct.
I move to amend by striking out "five" in the
line the gentleman mentions and inserting
" three."
The amendment was agreed to. „
_Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, in closing
this debate I wish to state and to reply to some
general objections that have been raised to
legislation upon this subject.
1. The first objection is, that no law should
be passed which authorizes the discharge of a
debt without payment in full, or which cancels
the obligation of a, contract. All bankrupt
laws on this principle would be pronounced
inexpedient and unjust.
_ My reply is, that in the progress of civiliza-
tion it bah become repugnant to the consciences
of enlightened nations that there should be
any longer servitude for debt. There are two
parties to every contract, find there are uncer-
tainties with regard to the performance of it
by each. All commercial nations have dis-
covered that it is as necessary for the prompt
transaction of business, the preservation of
mercantile honor, and the encouragement of
trade and enterprise, to provide a remedy for
the honest, unfortunate debtor against the per-
secution of some grasping creditor, as to pro-
vide a remedy for the creditor against a fraud-
ulent debtor. The security, even the life of
trade, requires that the relief provided by law
should be mutual. Otherwise, honesty is con-
founded with fraud, and misfortune with" crime.
A well-adjusted system of bankrupt law pro-
vides the desired remedy; and while it strength-
ens rather than weakens the creditor's rights
and powers, it rewards unfortunate honesty
with emancipation. Hereafter, if this bill be-
comes a law, imprisonment for debt, that relic
of barbarous ages which still lingers in some of
the States, will cease to exist and can never
be restored. The energies of the unfortunate
debtor will no longer -be lost to his family and
his country. The past, with its retrospect of
embarrassment and misfortune, will no longer
cast its baneful shadow over his mind, his future
will no longer be uncheered by hope. The pur-
suit of happiness, the road to honor, a career
of industry and enterprise, with its rewards,
will again be opened to him, and he will enter
anew, as a redeemed man, into the life and
prosperity of the State.
2. Another objection is, that although the
power to pass a system of laws on the subject of
bankruptcy is clearly granted to Congress by the
Constitution, yet it isinexpedient for Congress
to exercise it. Such an argument might have
weight if this bill were brought forward as a
party measure, or if it were partial and unequal
in its operation, and did not tend to produce
the beneficial results it aims at. Buttliemost
ingenious and suspicious mind has failed to
discover any partisan character in it, and the
closest criticism, in and out of Congress has
not disclosed any of the other obnoxious qual-
ities. It cannot be pretended that State legis-
lation can afford adequate relief, for its power
over the subject is limited, and over the per-
sons ceases entirely at the States' boundaries.
At the time of the adoption of the Federal
Constitution. Rhode Island had a perfect bank-
rupt law, discharging the debt as well as the
person of the debtor, but the Supreme Court
declared it to be unconstitutional and null.
Xew York once passed a similar law which
met the same fate before the same tribunal.
The power resides solely here ; and being gole
and exclusive it implies a corresponding duty,
which is the exercise of that power for the ben-
efit of the people. The Republic has a right
to the free and unfettered services of all its
citizens, and every interest of the State de-
mands that they should have the free exercise
of their faculties in all the pursuits of life. It
is contrary to wise policy to permit one class
to hold another in a bondage where freedom
from incarceration only makes the suffering
| more intense. With ruined fortunes, blasted
! hopes, paralyzed energies, how can those irre-
I trievably insolvent, contribute to the welfare
| of the family or the prosperity of the country?
Xot alone the miseries of these men, but the
material interests of the Republic demand the
exercise of this beneficent power. Nor is
there any considerable opposition to it from
that class who may be supposed to be bene-
fited by the present state of the law. The
great creditor interests of the country, to their
honor be it spoken, have appealed to you to
nationalize the relation of debtor and creditor
by the passage of this bill. After one unparal-
leled revulsion in trade, and another caused
by unexpected "war, and after the vast fluctua-
tions of a five years' state of war, they have
discovered that their true interest requires that
the law should be so framed as to bring about
the most prompt settlements, and give each
party the quickest and most thorough relief.
I had the pleasure of submitting to this House
the most weighty testimony ever offered on this j
subject to any legislative body in the world, j
These Chambers of Commerce and Boards of j
Trade and their constituencies do not fear that 1
any rogue, or willful rebel who threw his prop-
erty into the scales of rebellion with himself,
will escape through the meshes of this bill while
creditors are vigilant and courts are honest.
They wish to meet their debtors, North and
South, under the common protection of national
law. Their enlightened self-interest has risen
to the degree of wise statesmanship. Cannot
this Congress be as magnanimous, as just, and
as wise?
3. Others object to the system because they
say it is retroactive, and avow their willingness
to accede to it were it wholly prospective and
applicable only to contracts made after the bill
shall have become a law. If this be urged on
constitutional grounds, it meets with a perfect
answer in the decisions of the Supreme Court.
Nothing can be clearer than the language of
Chief Justice Marshall explaining the clause
in the Constitution under which this bill is
framed, and that which contains the prohibi-
tion upon the States.
Far more cogent, if not altogether conclu-
sive, is the constitutional argument against
legislation to take effect only on future con-
tracts. Some date must be fixed in such a
statute before which contracts must remain
binding, and beyond which they may be an-
nulled. The business of the country must go
on, with or without such a statute, and debts
must be contracted on the usual credits. A
man fails a month after the day designated.
From the obligations contracted within that
month he may be discharged, but he must
remain in the chains of all his previous liabil-
ities although they may run back through a
period of twenty years. In fact, as the evi-
dence of debt may be a judgment or specialty,
no statute could give equal and full relief to
all debtors on this principle, unless its opera-
tion should be postponed until twenty years
after its passage.
Such an enactment would be an absurdity.
As a present measure of relief, a purely pros-
pective statute, to take effect from its date,
would be worse than a mockery ; it cuts a man
into fractions; it severs his business and his
life ; one half, or some other fraction of him
maybe bond, the other, free. It breathes the
spirit of the terrible Roman statute which gave
the living body of the debtor to be cut in pieces
by his creditors—a horrid dividend. It would
be as unjust to the creditor as to the debtor ;
they should all be treated alike, and stand
equal before the law. It would discriminate*
against some and favor others; some would
take the dividend, and the balance of their
claims would still be valid ; others would be
compelled to discharge their whole debt for
the same dividend. Such a statute could not
be uniform in its operation, and would there-
fore be unconstitutional. For, as I have main-
tained in this debate, the constitutional re-
quirement in a bankrupt law is, that it should
be uniform in its effect upon the relation of
debtor and creditor. That is a personal rela-
tion. Their rights are personal rights; their
contracts are personal contracts; their rem-
edies are by personal actions, and the relief
granted by a bankrupt law is a discharge from
these personal actions. The effect should ba
uniform upon all, or the constitutional re-
quirement is violated.
But this statute cannot properly be called
retroactive even in the sense that all remedial
statutes are retroactive. It is not within the
prohibition of ex post facto laws. It takes
effect upon the business of the country as it is,
in the same manner that the two previous stat-
utes took effect at their respective dates. The
warrant to enact it is found in the clear and
explicit language of the Constitution, and to
a bill like this, with less propriety than perhaps
to any other, can the term retroactive or retro-
spective be applied in the offensive sense that
it changes existing rights and liabilities without
notice ; for every contract that has been made
since the ratification of the Constitution has
been entered into with full knowledge of its
contents, and subject to the power of Congress
