718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Give him a homestead and the ballot, and he
will soon understand his rights and maintain
them. They should go together to be etfeet-
• ual. If we cannot confer bat one now, let us
give him that, the homestead, and with that he
will soon extort and secure the others.
Mr. TABER. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me.
Mr. JULrAN. For how long?
Mr. TABER. Five minutes.
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly.
Mr. TABER. Mr. Speaker, the amendment,
as I understand, conforms to the principle set
forth in the letter of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Lands, and also, I understand, the princi-
ple stated by the gentleman who reported this
bill: to wit, there would be great propriety in
amending the homestead act. This is a special
bill applying to these States, taking the public
lands from market and providing that they shall
be disposed of in a certain manner. If there
is a propriety in establishing the principle of
the homestead act, there is a propriety in es-
tablishing it at this particular time. It is known
there may be difficulty and delay. If the bill
be permitted to pass without the amendment,
every man who has been forced to serve in the
confederate army against his will is precluded
from the enjoyment of the benefits of the act.
I believe no one will deny, if those men are
allowed to come under the homestead law they
will be better citizens than if they are allowed
to remain as they have been heretofore.
1 hope that the further consideration of tho
bill may be postponed so tbat the bill, amend-
ment, and report may be ordered to be printed.
It is too important a bill to be disposed oi so sum-
marily. I hope that the action of the House
will yet be that the subject may be thoroughly
investigated before it shall be passed upon by
the House.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for five minutes?
Mr. JULrAN. Yes, sir.
Mi\ CIIANLER. I will draw the attention
of the House to the fact that this bill is of equal
importance to those which have already been
referred to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union'. It involves the rights of
properly. If it is for the purpose of pieventing
speculation from one section it seems tu ha\e
the effect of promoting a speculation from an-
other section. Tho whole object of the people
of the United StaE.es i.;, it seems, togetposses-
- sion of lhe<c lands (hat ihey may have home-
steads, that they may have castles, according to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Rick,] where
they may light for liberty. The policy of this
bill is to perpetuate strife between the races.
It is to furnish castles at the expense of the
United States, that the negro race may hold
these lands at tho point of the bayonet against
the tide of emigration of white men. 1 hat is
the object of the bill.
Gentlemen talk about southern rights and the
southern people as if they weio a lon'ign peo-
ple. They exclude ail those men who, what-
ever their acts may ha^c been during the rebel-
lion, still are bound to us by ties stronger than
can be broken by any such acts. It excludes
minors from the benefit of the homestead act.
This is a subject which requires the full and
fair consideration of this House. We should
know, not only ihe policy of the measure, but
the results it will have upon the Government.
It is colonization, it is establishing a new sys-
tem of colonization equal to that that the Ro-
mans had after the conquest, by which the
essential power of an empire was fastened upon
ihe people that they had overthrown by arms.
The bill proposes to surrender a vast quan-
tity of land to a race which the whole history
oi this country proves stand-; isolatcdand alone
iii all their acts and movements as a body. We
may by our conduct show kindness to tliem,
we may protect them, but here it is proposed
to collect them in masses, and keep them in
tracts as you would the Indian tribes, by setting
apart to them whole sections of country where
they must live under their own organization as
a people. Now, I contend that these people
have never shown a capacity for self-govern-
ment.
Sir, I protest against the centralizing prin-
ciple of this bill, and 1 appeal to the gentleman,
not for the purpose of delaying action, but to
enable him with the eloquence, force, and co-
gency of argument for which he is so remark-
able, to explain this measure so that this House
and the country may know that we are not act-
ing in the dark. Letusknow whether in letting
the negro have these lands the white man is to
be excluded. Let us know all about the matter.
The bill before us is not printed, and is not
therefore in a proper condition to be debated
and considered.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Taber]
has already stated his view of the question,
and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Juliax]
has stated his, and now the House is called on
to vote without further information and with-
out further discussion. I have no opposition
to granting men homesteads, nor do 1 wish to
exclude the black man from the full enjoyment
of every privilege Gocl has granted to him. But
I do wish that the progress of this Government
shall be in the right direction, and shall be
honest, open, and impartial. And I look upon
this measure as both impartial and unjust. I
may be mL-dakcm If so a fair piesentaiUm of
tho argument on the other side may induce
me to withdraw my opposition to this bill, and
the House may act unanimously in securing
for the black man such a home as his friends
assert he is so deserving and so worthy to pos-
sess. 3iiit until tho gentleman allows discus-
sion upon this matter in Committee of tho Whole,
or until iliis hill can be fairb examined, I con-
sider it a laree to bring it to n vole.
Mr. IIAROINC, of j 1 lino is. Willi the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Indiana. [Mr. Jr-
liax,] I will say a word on this subject. As
1 understand the object' of this bill, it is that
none but actual settlers shall have the benefit of
the public lands of these States. I have been
familiar with the disposition of public lands for
nearly thirty years, and can bear testimony to
the fact that capital lirst seizes them. jSow,
those who in my opinion, have the lirst right to
the occupancy of \ hose lands are actual set tiers.
Out in Illinois they have had to pay on an av-
erage ton dollars per acre, because the capital-
ists have speculated oji the public lands. And
the capitalists now hold them in vast quantities
in the West. J think if the gentleman should
extend his observations to the States in the
West he would he a.-tonished at. the result. I
desire to say that J hope the system will be ex-
tended to all ihe public lands.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 move the previous question
on the amendment.
The previous qacdum v. as seconded, and the
main ques.1 ion ordered.
Mr. TABEK. On thai amendment I demand
the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays wore oidfred: and the
fjuesiion bein^ taken on the adoptnm of the
amendment, it was decided in the neenf-ivo—
, navs 10-!, not voting II :
foil
ovw
yoas
YEAS — Me-'sr?. ]>olo,s 11. Ashley, Person, Bovei,
Brooks, Thick iand. Cimnkr, KkhMao, Fuick,
brenner. Glider, Aaron Hardin^, liou' in. Chester 1>.
llubbard, Kdv.m IS'. Jlubbeli. .James M. Humphrey,
Kerr, Latham, Le Hluud, Miissdu'tl. M< Culloucrh,
.Mollner, Xibku-k, Vahokon, Noell, Phelps, Hitter,
Rocrci>, llo^, SnanLlui, Suurccvcs, ^tiou.-e, Taber,
Teller. Thayer, Thornton, Tumble, and Yooi-
hooi—:;7.
.NAYS—Me-^rs. Alley. Allison, Amo-, James M.
A-due: • Hakei. Iial.lv> iu, nk^, Barker, B,u\i ei, Bea-
t-nun, Benjamin. Jhdwidl, Rin^hain, lUsune. Dion-,
Hontwell, Brandc^ce, Bromwcll, Droomali, Hund.v,
Header Xi. Clarke. [Sidney Choke, Cobb. Conklmg,
Ci>\!k, Culloiu, Darim:?, U.ivis, Daw<.s, Deliecs 1'om-
incr, BonnoUv. Dmro, Kcklev, K;"_do^tnn, Eliot,
P.nnsvvorth, Karquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Hale, Abner
Haidiacc, Hart. Haye^, iiiaby, }hil, Hooper, Iloteli-
ki-s, jJuMcud, J obn lJ. Hubbard, li.'verf oil,
.Jenckes, Julian, Ka-^on, K( ]iey, KeNu. Ku^ kendall,
Lalim, Georee \ . Lawrence, William Lmvrenc e. Lon^-
ye.ir, Lyn< h, M.u.don, Marvin, MeClui-, Aleiudoe,
Merein , M ekr Mo-n head, Moi lis. Moult on. 31$ ei->,
.NcwljI. 0>.eii!. Oith, Paine, Pa;ter-on. Pciiiam,
Price, William li. Randall, Alexander II. face, John
II. like. Rollins, Sawyer. Schenek, Sloan. Smith,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Tiowlnidse, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn,/Ward, Wainer, Elihu B.
Washbnrnc, William "R. Washburn, "Walker, Went-
worth. James F.Wilson, Stephen %\ Wilson. Windom,
and Woodbridere—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Culver,
Daw-'on. Delano, Denison, .Dixon, Dumont, Good-
year, GrinnelJ, Griswold, Harris, Henderson, Holmes.
Asahel W. llubbard. James II. llubbell, Ilulhurd,
James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Keteham, Loan,
MeKec, Morrill, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rousseau, ftcofiolcl,
Shellabarscr, Stilwell, Pianeis Thomas, John L.
Thonni.s. Robert T. Van Horn, Whaley, "Williams.
Wmtield, and Wright—11.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired during the roll-call, this bill goes over
until to-morrow during the morning houi, and
the special order now is the consideration of the
bankrupt bill, upon which the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. IIOGAN. I ask that the bill reported
from the Committee on Public Lands which we
have just been considering be printed. I would
like to know what it is.
Mr. JULIAN. The bill has been printed,
and is on the tiles of members.
Mr. IIOGAN. I would like to have the bill
and the amendments printed. It can be done
by to-morrow morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. Therein a proviso reported
by the committee at the end of the bill which
has not been printed. With that exception the
bill is printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. That will
be in the Globe of to-morrow morning.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The SPEAKER. The special order in the
House is tho consideiation of the bankiupt
bilk It was made the special order to come in
immediately after the Freedmen's Bureau bill
was disposed of, and to continue from day to
day until disposed of. The gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] is entitled to the
lloor.
Mr. CONTCLING. "Will the gentleman from
Rhodo island state what is his intention in re-
gard to the disposition of this bill as to time
and manner?
Mr. JENCKES. I do not propose to debate
the bill. Igdias been before the House and the
country so lone? that every one understands it.
I propose simply to explain some modilieations
which the committee propose to make in the
bill, and then to ask the pre\ious question on
its passage, unless some gentleman who is op-
posed to the principle of the bill wishes to enter
into a discussion of it. I have no desire to
preclude debate.
EXPENDS OK A .JOINT COMMmXi-k
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to have taken from the Speaker's table a
joint resolution from the Senate for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the joint com-
mittee to incpiire into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States?
Mr. JENCKES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
BAXKItuPT HILL-—A(: ATX,
Mr. CONKLING. If I may now say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Rhode Island,
I will be glad to say to him that I have ^ome
amendments which I would like to offer lo this
bill, and some suggestions! w ould like to make;
1 do not wish to debate it. Other gentlemen,
1 know, have suggestions of more or te-s conse-
quence that they would like to make.
The bill comes up quite unexpectedly to me
this morning, and 1 conlcss that for one I would
be very glad to have it lie over until to-morrow.
Mr.'JENCKES. j shall be glad to heartlie
suggestions of the gentleman, if I do not lo^e
my right to the lloor.
The SPEAKER. The bill will bo the special
order to-morrow after the morning hour, and
from day to day until disposed of.
