8702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Court the opinion of Congress that that act
was an unconstitutional act. I presume that
that ought to have very little weight with the
Supremo Court in deciding that question. The
Supreme Court ought to decide such questions
irrespective of the views and opinions of mem-
bers of Congress, however correct or entitled
to respect those opinions may be.
Hence, inasmuch as we shall only accumu-
late the difficulties that now surround the ques-
tion by the passage of this bill, I thought in
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and I think now, that the bill ought not to be
passed. I sympathize very much with that por-
tion of the people of Alexandria who desire to
fall again under the jurisdiction of Congress,
for the reason that I suppose those who desire
to return are very generally Union men, and
they do not wish to rest longer under the juris-
diction of the State of Virginia. If I thought
that by any act of mine, if it was a mere act of
expediency or of policy in my mind, that I
could relieve them from their difficulties, there
is no Senator who would go further than myself
to do it; but I cannot consent to complicate
the difficulties now surrounding the question
and which may bo settled by a simple adjudi-
cation of the Supremo Court, by passing this
bill, because we can do nothing that will relieve
us of the difficulty without the consent of the
Legislature of Virginia. That is to say, if this
was a constitutional transfer of this territory to
the State of Virginia, wo cannot get it back
without the consent of that State, of course;
and the passage of an act of Congress for that
purpose without obtaining the legislative con-
sent of that State will accomplish nothing, but
will leave us just where we were before. But
suppose that the act of retrocession was an
unconstitutional act; then it is the easiest mat-
ter in the world for one of the citizens of Al-
exandria to test it and get a decision to that
effect. If a case is brought up here, and the
Supreme Court decides against the view of
Congress, what shall we have dtine by this
legislation? We shall have the levy commis-
sioners of the District of Columbia levying a
tax upon these people, one half of the peo-
ple resisting the-levy commissioners, and the
State of Virginia alsolevying a tax upon them,
and the other half perhaps resisting the State
of Virginia. We shall have merely complicated
the difficulty. It is an easy matter to settle it
Otherwise, by the proper tribunal.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it is ex-
actly twenty years and one day since the ces-
sion of that portion of the District to Virginia
took effect, and during the whole of that time
it lias been just as easy for any individual or
combination of individuals to bring this legal
question to a proper test as it is to-day or will
be after this bill shall have become a law.
What have the people of the District been do-
ing during the past twenty years that they have
not instituted a suit in some form and obtained
a decision of the Supreme Court upon this very
important question ? I do not see that the rea-
sonsurged by the^ honorable Senator from Mis-
souri for abstaining from the passage of this
bill with a view to get a decision of the Su-
preme Court have more weight at this time
than similar reasons have had during the last
twenty years. We have as yet no decision on
the subject; and I think, sir, if there be any
real ground for such a judicial inquiry we
should bo more likely to bring it before the
proper court by the passage of this bill than
by abstaining from its passage.
For my own part, as I remarked a few days
ago, I entertain no doubt about the unconsti-
tutionality of the act of 1846, commonly known
as the retrocession act. I do not believe it was
competent for Congress to make that retroces-
sion, because by the Constitution itself, when
the United States acquired this District, they
acquired it for a particular purpose; and that
purpose was, that it should be used by the Gov-
ernment as the seat of Government, and as the
permanent seat of Government. It has always
been so regarded and so treated in our legisla-
tion and by onr supreme tribunals. The Uni-
ted States, therefore, as a nation, as a Govern-
ment, having received the District in trust to
use it as the seat of Government, are not only
bound in law, in my judgment, but bound upon
every principle of honor and equity so to con-
tinue to use it as the seat of Government until
the people of the United States in constitu-
tional form, shall have relieved us from that
obligation.
One word right here respecting the removal
of the capital—an event which, perhaps, may
be anticipated in the distant future as popu-
lation shall become more dense and interests
more weighty in the western or central parts
of the continent. I have this to say, that, con-
struing the Constitution as I do, I do not see
where the power is at present in the Constitu-
tion to remove the seat of Government; and,
that if it shall be removed, in my judgment
the removal must be necessarily effected by an
alteration of the Constitution giving to Con-
gress that power. The Constitution declares
that Congress shall have power, among other
things-^-
"To exercise exclusivelegislatiorun all eases what-
soever over such district, not exceeding ten miles
square, as may, by cession of particular States and
the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the
Government of the United States."
The language plainly implies a trust and con-
fidence on the part of the ceding Stat.es as well
as on the part of Congress that the tract ceded
shall be held and used by the United States as
the permanent seat of Government. The rea-
sons for it were very strong at that time, and
we have seen during the last few years that they
have been equally strong at this period.
Sir. I look upon the act of retrocession as
unauthorized by the Constitution and there-
fore totally void; and I look upon it in an-
other light, as having been one of the initia-
tory steps in bringing about the civil war from
which we have recently emerged. It was un-
doubtedly thepurpose of the original schemers
that introduced the bill to retrocede a part of
the District to use it for military purposes when-
ever the proper occasion should present itself
and as a means of attacking and destroying
the Government; and we know quite well the
inconveniences under which the authorities at
Washington labored on the breaking out of the
war in consequence of the possession of the
right shore of the Potomac here by the State
of Virginia. I think the time has come for us
to resume the proper jurisdiction of Congress
over this retroceded tract. It possibly may
produce some confusion in the private affairs
of individuals in that part of the District; but
I do not see now how a court acting upon pri-
vate interests could fail to recognize the au-
thority of the government existing there cle
facto whether it was that of Virginia or some
other government. I hardly think a court
would undertake to assume in a matter be-
tween private persons, that proper jurisdiction
of that portion of the District was not in Vir-
ginia. They would be very likely to recognize
thcauthority of the government da facto in all
matters pertaining to individual rights. At all
events we have not space enough without that
small tract upo« the right bank of the Potomac
for our seat of Government. It was wisely
and properly arranged by the fathers; it re-
ceived the sanction of General Washington,
than whom, I suppose, no better judge of the
necessity of-such a seat of Government and
of the particular extent needed for it has ever
lived; and I shall with the utmost cheerful-
ness vote for the passage of this bill to resume
the jurisdiction of the Government over that
tract.
Mr. HARRIS. I was not aware, Mr. Presi-
dent, until a few days since the Senator from
Ohio brought up this bill for consideration, that
the subject-matter waspending before Congress.
The statement then made attracted my atten-
tion and interested me, and since then I have
given the question a little attention. I am sat-
isfied, myself, that the act of 1846 was void,
and I am inclined to vote for this bill. It is
quite probable that it will result in litigation;
but I believe tkafc the best way to get along
with this question, attended with some embar-
rassmentand difficulty obviously, will be to pass
this bill, assert our jurisdiction over the whole
territory, and let the question arise as it may
and be settled by the courts. I believe, my-
self, that Congress has no power to cede any
part of this District to the States to whom it
originally belonged. The provision of the Con-
stitution is that Congress may accept from the
States the cession of a district of ten miles
square; afid then it is provided that Congress,
having accepted that cession, shall have exclu-
sive legislation over the District, the exclusive
right to legislate for the District. I find noth-
ing in that provision which satisfies me that it
was the intention of the framers of the Consti-
tution to authorize Congress to cede away the
territory which they were thus authorized to
accept. I believe that Congress has no power
to part with the territory composing the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I think it was the object
of the framers of the Constitution to establish
a permanent seat of Government, and I do not
believe it can be changed. I disagree, there-
fore, with the Senator from Missouri. I do not
believe Congress has the power to change the
seat of Government; I believe it can only be
done by an amendment of the Constitution. I
think that was the object of the framers.
But whether that is so or not, conceding that
Congress has the power to cede away the juris-
diction of the District of Columbia, or any
part of its territory, Congress has not done it.
It is true Congress passed a bill called an act
to retrocede to the State of Virginia a portion
of the District of Columbia, but it is not a law.
"The legislative power of the United States is
vested in Congress. Congress must exercise
it. Congress cannot delegate the right to le-
gislate to the people of the District, or to any
other body of men. It has no constitutional
right to delegate the legislative power. It at-
tempted to do it in this case. Look at this act
of 1840. No man can tell by reading it whether
it is a law or not. It is supposed we can ascer-
tain what the law of the land is by looking at
the statute. Here is' this act; no man can tell
whether it is a law or not. Congress itself did
not know after it had adjourned whether it was
a law or not. Why? Because it was to be a
law if the people of-the county of Alexandria
voted that it should bo a law, and if they voted
against it then it was to be no law; and no
man by reading the statute now can tell whether
it is a law or not. I cannot tell, by anything
I find in the statute-book, whether it is a law
or not. That is uo legislation. Such a pro-
ceeding as that is void, utterly void. The act
says, on its face, that it shall not be a law if
the people do not sanction it, and it shall be
valid if a majority of the people do sanction it.
That is no legislation at all. It is no exercise
of the constitutional power of Congress to make
laws for the country. I am therefore in favor
of repealing that act, wiping it out, getting it
out of the way, asserting jurisdiction over the
whole District of Columbia, and letting the
legal question arise as it may and be settled
finally by the courts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was a member of the
Senate when the act of 1846 was passed; and
the question was then stated as it is now stated
by the honorable member from New York,
whether Congress had the authority to part
with any portion of the territory that had been
acquired fortheseatof Government. I thought
then (and I have never seen any reason to change
that opinion) that the power is a very clear one.
The provision of the Constitution is not that
the seat of Government is to consist of ten miles
square of territory. It may be one square mile
or less. It cannot exceed ten miles square.
The provision is that Congress is "to exercise
exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever
over such district (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may by cession of particular States"
be conveyed to the United States for that pur-
pose. It is clear, then, that when the ten miles
square ere obtained originally we might have
obtained less. We could then have acquix-ed
just what we have now in fact—only so much of
