1866.
THE COJNTGRESSIONAlJ GLOBE.
3703
the ton miles square as lies this side of the Po-
tomac. And it would seem to be singular that
while Congress were at liberty to acquire only
what the United States now have, they should
put it out of their power to have only what they
want, because in the exercise of the power they
had got the ten miles square ; that is to say, to
mo it would seem singular that under an au-
thority to buy ten miles square, if it was once
purchased, although the authority would have
authorized the purchase of less than ten miles
square, we should be compelled during all time
to keep the ten miles square. Whatfor? Only
because it is the seatof Government; butpart-
ing with any portion of the ten miles square
does not part with the seat of Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Will the Senator allow
mo to ask him a question here?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask him whether,
according to his course of reasoning, it would
not be perfectly in the power of this Congress
to cede the rest of the District to the State of
Maryland, and leave ourselves without a capital
at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt about it,
because I have no doubt that Congress can
change the capital.
Mr. FESSENDEN.' Simply cede it, leav-
ing us without a capital.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is another matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not?
Mr. JOHNSON. You must have a seat of
Government; and if the honorable member
will admit that we can change the seat of Gov-
ernment—T dq not understand by his question
that he doubts that—why is it not within our
power?
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as the consti-
tutional question is concerned, can we cede it
to-day and trust to luck to get another capital
afterward ?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the question
before the Senate. I suppose we had a Gov-
ernment before the cession was obtained—I
forget now how long it was after the Constitu-
tion was adopted before the territory was ac-
quired—and during the whole of that time I
imagine we had a Government. There is no
authority in the Constitution to procure a seat
of Government at all except with the assent
of the States ; and if the honorable member
supposes that the absence of a seat of Gov-
ernment is to put an end to the Government,
then we had no Go\eminent during the inter-
val that elapsed from the adoption of the Con-
stitution up to the period of this acquisition ;
and to that result I am sure he will not comc.
This power, as I was going on to say when
interrupted by my friend from Maine, is given
solely for the purpose of vesting in Congress
the exclusive authority to legislate, and noth-
ing else. It is a continuing power that may be
exercised at any time that Congress may think
proper to exercise it, if it can ; and if, there-
fore, Congress at any time hereafter shall think
proper to change the seat of Government, they
may, with the consent of the States in the local-
ity which they may selcct, procure a place for
the seat of Government. Now, suppose that
is done ; are they compelled then to continue
the owners of these ten miles square? The
very object of their becoming the owners will
then have terminated. The purpose of mak-
ing them the exclusive owners of the property
was to give them the exclusive authority to
legislate, and nothing else. It was to protect
the legislative and executive departments of
the Government of the United State&from. the
possible failure to perform their duty by the -
States in which they might be sitting, to make
this Government capable of defending itself by
any "means that it thought proper; and the sole
purpose, therefore, was to clothe Congress with
the authority of exclusive legislation. It had
nothing in the world to do with any particular
territoiy, except the particular territory that
Congress might hold from time to time as the
seat of Government and have acquired under
the authority of the Constitution.
Again, my friend from New York tells us that,
once acquired, we must continue to hold it;
we cannot get rid of it. He denies, therefore,
the authority to change the seat of Government
at any time without a change of the Constitu-
tion, and he supposes that to be the 6ase be-
cause the power conferred is a power to exor-
cise exclusive legislation over the ten miles j
square or any portion less than the ten miles 1
square that Congress may occupy. Does not
the honorable member see that if his argument
is sound it really applies to all the other terri-
tory which Congress may acquire under the
same provision of the Constitution? It says
they are "to exercise exclusive legislation."'
That was the thing the Convention had in
view, to protect the rights of the Government,
to maintain its safety, "to exercise exclusive
legislation in all cases whatsoever "over such dis-
trict (not exceeding ten miles square) as may,
by cession of particular States and the accept-
ance of Congress, become the seat of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and to exercise
like authority over all places purchased by the
consent of the Legislature of the State in which
the same shall be, for the erection of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock yards, and other j
needful buildings/' '
We have from time to time purchased with
the assent of the States portions of territory
for the purposes mentioned in the provision
which I have just read. Does the honorable
member mean to say that if we cease to want
those places for forts, arsenals, or dock-yards I
we cannot abandon them and surrender them
to the States? I should think not: and yet in
one sense the title acquired in such portions
of territory is a title acquired under the Con-
stitution.
But the error of my friend's argument, if
he be in error, as I think he is, is in confound-
ing the object of the provision with what he
supposes to have been its purpose. The object
of the provision was solely to enable the Gov-
ernment to acquire territory for the purposes
therein mentioned, not to compel them to hold
it after they had acquired it. If they acquired
it for a, fort or an arsenal, and afterward it
was discovered that it was not suited for either,
or that the exigency which had rendered it
necessary in the first instance was terminated,
it should certainly be in the power of the Gov-
ernment to cede it back; and as the language
with reference to forts and arsenals is identi-
cal with that which is used with reference to
the ten miles square, why is it that it is not in
the power of Congress to cede the whole or a
part of it back when Congress becomes satis-
fied that it is necessary no longer to keep the
whole or a part of it? I never heard it ques-
tioned. The only doubt that has ever arisen
—and, as I understand them, that is the ground
stated by my friend from Michigan and my
friend from New York—is because this partic-
ular territory is to be used for the seatof Gov-
ernment. That is true. You cannot abandon
it and keep it for the seat of Government with-
out failing to accomplish what the Constitu-
tion intended to accomplish, which was that
the seat of Government should be under the
exclusive legislation of Congress. But if you
can part with territory acquired under the
same*clause for either of the other purposes
mentioned in the clause, I ask my honorable
friend from Michigan upon what logical ground
he can deny to Congress the right to get clear
of this as well as any other territory acquired
under that clause.
The suggestion of my friend from Michigan
that the act of 134G was the beginning of the
rebellion is only the result of a teeming fancy,
lie has hated the rebellion so keenly, and has
viewed it—so properly—with such abhorrence,
that it raises itself up in his imagination upon
almost every occasion. Now, let me say to
the honorable member that in 1S46, when that
law was passed, there was 110 man, woman,
or child in the United States who dreamed that
such a rebellion was contemplated by any one.
Certainly, as far as 1 know, and I had some
reason to know, the suggestion fell from the
lips of no one that it was intended to accel-
erate in any way the bringing about of such a
rebellion, or that it could have a tendency to
accelerate such a rebellion.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable mem-
ber allow me to ask him if he is able to give the
date of the somewhat celebrated letter of Mr.
Calhoun in which he called upon his friends
to fire the southern heart? I do not recollect
the precise date of it, but I think it was about
that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Nor do I remember its
date; but that friend who was so anxious to
" fire the southern heart" was enabled to do it
in a great measure because of northern legisla-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. I was only asking for the
date of the letter.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know what the
date of the letter was. He found he could not
fire the southern heart at that time; but cer-
tainly there was no man here in the councils
of the nation, as far as I am advised, who
dreamed that the southern heart could be ca-
pable of being fired to such an act of folly,
to say nothing of it as an act of criminality.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it was about the
time we acquired Texas.
Mr. JOHNSON. But at that time, for there
was nobody interested in this but Virginia, lot
me say to my friend what may have escaped
him, perhaps, that there was no State in the
Union more violently opposed to the course of'
South Carolina than the State of Virginia. I
do not believe there was a single man in the
State who ever dreamed that she could be
brought into the condition of following, even
if it was indicated at that time, the course which
South Carolina subsequently pursued.
How is that to defend us, either? Is it pos-
sible that our protection against rebellion is to
depend upon whether wc hold six miles square
or ten miles square; whether we have the com-
mand of both sides of the Potomac for a lim-
ited distance? The United States, as has been
demonstrated, possess a power that is not to
bo limited by lines of that desciiption, and that
can iu no measure be increased or diminished
by territorial limits to the scat of Government
of the United States.
There is another reason that renders it, I
think, unnecessary to pass this bill, and that was
stated by my friend from Missouri. If the act
of 1S4G was unconstitutional, it is void clearly,
and will be so decided. If it is constitutional,
we cannot in any way affect it or impair it.
That is a judicial question, and the decision of
that question tlie one way or the other depends
in no- manner whatever upon the vote of the
Senate on this bill. If the transfer was properly
made, it is an act executed which it is now
beyond tlia power of the Government to open
except with the assent of the other party.
A word now in answer to a suggestion of my
friend from New Y'ork, and I shall have done.
He seems to suppose that the act of 184G was
not an act of legislation. Why not? Because
its effect was to depend upon the vote of the
people of Alexandria. That is done in every
State in the Union. Laws, general as well as
local, are made to depend upon the vote of the
locality or of the State where the laws may be
passed. Mr. Adams, hating slavery as much
as any man could upon principle, born with
principles inconsistent with such a condition
of man, always maintained (incorrectly as I
think, but not because thei'6 was anything
wrong in the course which he recommended)
that Congress should not, and he even went so
far as to say that it could not, but lie was still
more positive in affirming that it should not,
abolish slavery in the District without the con-
sent of the people of the District. Can any-
body doubt that a law of that description would
have been valid if passed in that form? And
yet what difference is there between a law of
that kind and the law in question, ceding back
to Virginia, with her consent and the consent
of the people to be affected by it, that portion
of the ten miles square which was originally
ceded by Virginia to the United States?
I submit, therefore, that it is unnecessary,
