1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3^83?
court to get a remedy; the judge decides, ac-
cording to the State laws, that he has no rem-
edy ; and then you say to him, "You can go
into the district court of the United States."
Wh'eie is it? Not within one hundred and
fifty miles of him perhaps, perhaps move ; and
he is to go there and seek a remedy for the re-
covery of fifty or one hundred dollars. Sir,
the legislator who would profess to guaranty
the rights of these people with machinery of
that kind is not their friend. Let us accom-
pany him if you please in his journey to pro-
cure that remedy. 11 e travels one hundred and
fifty miles with lii.s little claim in his pocket.
What thou? lie could hardly pay a lawyer in
these expensive limes to sign his prcecipe for
much less than the whole of it as a retaining
fee ; but let me ask what would he have of it
after he contests there in litigation with a
stronger and a more rapacious opponent than
himself? That is the boasted remedy which
the civil rights bill now occupying the attention
of Congress is to give the African.
Mr. President, I trust X have treated this
bill fairly. But I hear some gentlemen say,
" Oh, the judge of the State court who decided
against the negro and who turned him out
of his court is to bo indicted ; he is to be pun-
ished; he is to be made a eiiminal and fined
$1,000 and imprisoned a certain length of
time." May I ask, sir, of what great benefit
that would be to the negro? I agree that that
would be exceedingly offensive to the judge,
and it might be exceedingly irritating in his
neighborhood, particularly if the people thought
the judge was right in his decision ; and 1 agree
that it might give rise to an eternal feud there ;
but I ;isk. wherein would that help the black
man ? Sir, the machinery of this Government
is utterly and entirely unfitted for the execution
of any such law as this; and why ? J nst because
this was the Government of the United States,
and it was clothed with delegated powers to do
the things for the United States, and which
would be for their benefit, that the States them-
selves could not do ; and you may search the
Constitution from end to end, and you cannot
find a single line in that instrument: which gives
color to the idea that the United States Gov-
ernment was to have power over any subject
which the States could administer for them-
selves. It was given po« er o\ er war and peace ;
and why? Because the United States, thirty-
six of them, could make war and could make
peace betlei than any one State. .It was given
jurisdiction over disputes between the States ;
and why? Because the thirty-six States could
settle their intestinal disputes among themselves
better by a reference to this Congress and the
General Government than they could by war-
ring them out between one another, as was very
often the ease with the ancient confederations
find leagues that were formed between small
States such as ours. It was given jurisdiction
over the revenue for its own support. It was
given jurisdiction over certain subjects common
to the whole with regard to which there ought
to be uniform laws, but no jurisdiction was ever
given it to intermeddle in the concerns of the
States, and between the citizens of the several
Sl ates, and in their domestic affairs where the
States themselves could and ought to afford
justice and a remedy.
But, as I said before, if we had the power to
afford the remedy, this is no remedy. It is no
remedy to the poor debtor that you prosecute
his judge and threaten him with fine and im-
prisonment. It is no remedy to the poor man
with a small claim that you locate a court one
hundred or two hundred miles away from him
which is so expensive in its administration of
justice that he cannot enter there.
Besides, there is another difficulty about the
execution of this law, if it ever becomes a law.
It is to secure to the negro the right to testify
in the courts. Some people do not like to be
witnesses very well, and I am one of them my-
self. I do not think anybody need quarrel
much about it if it was taken away entirely.
The right to testify as a witness is not one that
he usually prizes very highly. He would a
great deal rather stay at home and attend to
his own business than to be dragged to a court
and hang around there eight or ten days in
order to-be a witness for some other man.
But the judge is to be punished under this hill
for refusing the testimony of certain people
who are said by the States not to be competent
to testify.
How is that remedy to bo enforced, or who
is to enforce it? Is the negro to be insulted
because he cannot go into the State court to
testify, and is he to become the public prose-
cutor in the ease and vindicate his right to be
a wituess? If any Senator thinks there would
be an especial advantage in that, 1 must con-
fess that I do not see it.' The right to testify
is a right which belongs to the parties in the
court, and if the negro is a competent witness,
and if the juries of the country in any State
or community will believe him and can be-
lieve him, ami if he is to houseful as a witness,
it is the clear interest of those communities
themselves to confer upon him that right or
privilege ; and I think, from the tendency of
the times, that all disabilities will be removed
in the case of witnesses. I think after awhile
they will all be competent; and whatever ob-
jections there may be to their testimony will
go to their credibility rather than to their com-
petency.
There is another provision of the bill which,
notwithstanding the act of Congress relied upon
by the honorable Senator from Illinois, 1 think
is unquestionably anomalous, and to me not
only anomalous, but atrocious ; and that is, the
substitution of an indictment for the writ of
error. What has boon the law of these United
States heretofore? When an act of Congress
came in contact with a State law, and the judge
of the State court decided that the law of Con-
gress was unconstitutional, there was an appeal
given to the defeated party to the Supreme
Court of the United States m order to deter-
mine the constitutionality of the law. But, sir,
who until the last tew months ever heard of
making the judge a criminal because he decided
against the' constitutionality of a law of the
United States? One would think we were be-
ing transported back to the dark ages of the
world when a man is to be accused and per-
haps convicted of a crime who has done noth-
ing moie than honestly and conscientiously
discharged his duty. I know that the persons
of embassadors are sacred, and I know that it
is a very high offense against the. law of na-
tions. which no civil judge of any court could
justify, to invade this sacred right of the em-
bassador, but everybody knows that that is an
exceptional case. Everybody knows that in
all times and in all ages the judge was punish-
able who did not respect the person of an em-
bassador. But that is not^ this case. That
analogy will not help the third scction of this
bill. It is openly avowed upon the floor of
the Senate of the United States, in the year
of our Lord lBOti, in the full blaze and light
of the nineteenth century, that the indictment
is to be a substitute for the writ of error, and
it is justified because a judge ought to be in-
dicted who violates the sacred person of an
embassador! What potency there must be^ in
t he recent amendment of the Constitution which
has foisted the negro and set him upon the same
platform as the envoy extraordinary and min-
ister plenipotentiary of Great Britain or of all
the Ilussias to the United States of America,
and made him as sacred as an embassador, and
the judge who decides against him is to be
punished as a criminal!
Mr. President, there are in the law facts as
well as rules. No enactment in the world can
make that a crinio which in itself is not a crime.
The Congress of the United Slates, potent as
it is within the range of its delegated powers,
the Parliament of England, omnipotent as it
is, cannot make that a crime which is not a
crime in itself; and to do so is only to convict
itself of an absurdity which at some subsequent
period, if it does not, it should regret. I ask
whether we here are willing to put upon our
statute-book a provision of that kind ? I ap-
peal to Senators of the reforming school, Sen-
ators of the progressive school,-Senators who
declare that their course is forward and onward,-
will they do this thing? And for what?
Mr. llOWARD. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania, allow me to make a suggestion 1
Mr. COWAN. Certain#
Mr, HOWARD. Incase a magistrate acting
as a judge assumes a jurisdiction which is not
conferred upon him by the law, and thus pro-
ceeds as a wrong-doer, without any legal right
or authority, and commits a felony or a mis-
demeanor under the pretext of exercising his
jurisdiction, is he not, guilty of a crime which
is justly to be indicted and punished? ,
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, that is not
this case. If the judge, under pretext of hav-
ing jurisdiction, were to do a wrong, it is not
the judge that does the wrong, it is the indi-
vidual. A judge may do a wrong; but he never
does it in the execution of a law which he hon-
estly believes to bo constitutional. Here it is
proposed on the part of the Congress of the
United States, to pass a law overriding certain
State laws. Is that denied ? Will any Senator
upon the floor deny the fact that this bill is
intended to override and set aside the State
laws? Why, sir, if it is not to have that oper-
ation, it is to have none at all. As I under-
stand it, there are some States of the Union—
I do not know where they are, because I have
not been informed what States they are—where
certain persons are not allowed to make con-
tracts, and if they did make them, (for I sup-
pose there is no way of pre venting a man from
making a contract-.) there is no way by which
they can enforce them under the laws of those
States, and.this bill is to give them a right to
enforce them, to give them a right to go into a
court where the judge says they cannot go, and
he has no jurisdiction to determine their causes.
N ow, it is questioned whether that law is con-
stitutional. Is it not questioned here? We are
not unanimous. Thirty Senators may be of
opinion that it is, and sixteen or fifteen, or
whatever theothernuniburmay be, believe that
it is not. The President of the United States
is of opinion that it is not constitutional. His
constitutional advisers arc of that opinion, or,
if they are not of that opinion, they should not
be there as his constitutional advisers.
Well, sir, is it to be supposed that that will
not be questioned in the State courts? I put
it to you, Mr. President, whether you as a judge
of a" Slate court would not hesitate in that
ease ? What arc you to do?^ If you decide
that the action cannot be maintained on the
part of the plaintiff, what then? You are to
bo indicted and punished. If you decide that
it can, you are to bo impeached by your own
State Legislature and punished for taking juris-
diction of that over which the State has given
you no jurisdiction. What is an honest and
conscientious judge to do there? I can very
easily tell what a cowardly man would do, a
timid man, a feeble man. I suspect he would
shirk his duty in some way; ho would find
some way to dodge it; but the honest man
would decide the question as it struck him : ho
would decide either for or against the consti-
tutionality of this act of Congress ; and now
we undertake to say that in so doing he sub-
jects himself to a criminal prosecution, sub-
jects himself to fine and imprisonment; and
that I say here in the open light of this day is
atrocious and unworthy the Congress of the
United States of America. I have no other
word for it than atrocity ; so it will be stigma-
tized, and so it will be handed down to coming
generations if we make it the law. It has not
been heard of before.
Mr. President, all this you will observe is
aside from the main question; and that, as I
said before, lying upon the threshold of this
case, is the question of power. Where do we
get the power to pass this bill? From what
clause of the Constitution is it extracted?
Where is it? Has anybody satisfied this Sen-
ator, or that one, or all of them, that there is
such a power in the Constitution? I have
listened carefully to everything almost that has
