1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JENCKES. I would ask the gentleman
from New York, and other gentlemen who have
amendments to propose, to submit them. Per-
haps we may agree on them without discussion
in the House.
Mr. CONKLING. They can be read to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
BTJRLINGTON AND MISSOURI RIVElt RAILROAD.
Joint resolution of the Senate No. 12, ex-
tending the time for the completion of the Bur-
lington and Missouri River railroad, was taken
from the Speaker's table and read a first and
second time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that that bill
be considered now. 1 think there will be no
objection fo it.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to say to my col-
league that I understand there is a general bill
extending the time to all railroads, and I have
an amendment that I wish to offer to that bill,
that will include this special proposition. I
hope my colleague will let this resolution lie
over until that bill comes up.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My colleague [Mr.
Kassox] is mistaken in relation to the effect of
this bill. This bill does not relate to a general
extension of time ; but it provides that this
company shall have its time extended from the
1st of July next until December to complete a
section of twenty miles upon which they are
now at work, and which they will not be able
to complete by the 1st of July next, owing to
the difficulties they have met with in bridging
the Des Moines river.
Mr. KASSON. If that is all, I have no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is all.
The bill was then read at length. It pro-
vides that in case the Burlington and Missouri
Itiver Railroad Company shall complete the sec-
tion of twenty miles from the present terminus
of its road by the 1st of December, 180(5, and
the certificate of llie Governor of Iowa shall
be filed with the Secretary of the Interior of
such completion, the company shall be entitled
to its lands, as provided in section eight of the
act entitled •' An act to amend an act entitled
' An act making a grant of laud to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State,' "
and its rights shall be in all respects the same
as if the same sections should have been com-
pleted on the 1st of July next.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask if this does
not grant, additional ad vantages in some way.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. it does not. The
only effect of this bill will be to give this rail-
road company from the 1st of .inly next until
the 1st of December following to complete the
section of twenty miles upon which they are
now at work.
Mr. STEVENS. If it was stated merely in
the bill that the time was so extended, then 1
could understand it. But it goes further and
speaks about giving other sections.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The act to which
this is an amendment provides that this railroad
company shall be entitled to receive a certain
amount of lands for this section of twenty miles
'whenever the same shall be completed and a
proper certificate made thereof. The company
have met with delay in the construction of a
bridge over the Des Moines river. The high
water and the ice this winter have carried away
their temporary work; and it is necessary to
give them this time, or they will forfeit that,
amount of land, to which they would be entitled
if they complete that section of the road by the
1st of July next.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not object to the ex-
tension of time ; but I do not like the wording
and phraseology of this bill in other respects.
Mr. KASSON. I have the billin my hands,
and I find that it provides that in case the rail-
road shall complete the section of twenty miles
from the present terminus of the road, by the
1st of December next, and the certificates are
fded, then the company shall be entitled to
these lands as provided in the original bill, in
case it should be completed by the 1st of July.
The objection may be taken to it, perhaps, that
this would constitute a waiver in respect to
lands to which it would be entitled by reason
of subsequent sections to be completed.
There is another objection to the wording of
the last clause. It says, "and its rights shall
be in all respects the same as if the same sec-
tions should be completed on the 1st of July
next." It is intended to apply to the first sec-
tion, which includes thebridge, and that clause
should be amended so as to make it clear.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. I will move to amend
the bill by striking out the-word " sections" and
insert the word "section."
Mr. KASSON. And 1 would also suggest
that after the word "lands," the words "by
reason of the completion of said section'' be in-
serted, so that it will then read, " then the said
company shall be entitled to these lands, by
reason of the completion of said section, as pro-
vided in section eight," &e.
• Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objection
to that amendment if my colleague [Mr. K.vs-
sox] will offer it. But that is just what the bill
means now.
Mr. KASSON. I move that amendment.
Mr. DRIGGS. Why should not this bill take
the ordinary course, and go to the Committee
on Public Lands? It would seem that 1he bill
is not matured, even in the minds of the gen-
tlemen who are in favor of it. There may be
some things in it which want looking into a little.
And I hope it will take the usual course.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The bill is under-
stood by those who are in favor of it, and it is
understood to mean just exactly what I have
stated. The only confusion there is comes
from putting in the title of the act of which this
is an amendment, and which the gentleman
■ from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] seems to
i think will cover up something that does not
| appear upon the face of the bill. But it is
necessary, m order to describe the particular
law to which this is an amendment, to copy the
title.
I now call the previous question on the bill
and the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Kassox.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon the
amendment offered by Mr. Kassox.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Insert after the word "lands" the words "due by
ronton of the completion of said section of twenty
mil"S;" so that the clause will read thus:
The said company shall be entitled to its lanrK
due by reason of the completion of said section of
twenty la.lcs, &c.
In the next to the last line strike out tlio letter "s"
in the word " sections."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS. i now move that the hill be
referred to th« Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The previous question does not exhaust itself
till the third reading of the bill. The question
now recurs upon ordering the bill as amended
to be read a third time.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under rhe opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IX TE U N A L HE V15 N U E.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that in the bill (H. it. No. 201) passed
this morning, a bill to declare the meaning of
certain parts of the internal revenue act, ap-
proved June 30, 1864, and for other purposes,
there was an error in the printing of the bill;
The word " continued," in thesixth line of the
third section, ought to be "contained." If
there be no objection the correction will-be
made in engrossing the bill.
There was no objection.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE TO MRS. LINCOLN.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 86) entitled 1' An actgrarit-
ing_ the franking privilege to Mary ■ Lincoln
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. Ihopethat
this bill will be put on its passage now.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
letters and packets carried by post to and from
Mary Lincoln, widow of the late Abraham Lin-
coln, shall be conveyed free of postage during
her natural life.
The bill was ordered- to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 69) entitled "An act to
provide for the payment of pensions which
was read a first and second time, and, on mo-
tion of Mr. Stevens, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
CL13RKS IN POST Ol'FICE DEPARTMENT.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 9G) entitled "An act au-
thorizing an increase of the clerical force in the
Post Office Department;" which was read a first
and second time, and. on motion of Mr. Wash-
bukxb, of Illinois, referred to the Committee
on the Post Ollice and Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBITRNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred, and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land district in oregon.
The next bill taken from the Speaker'stable
was the bill (S. No. 30) entitled "An act to
create an additional land district in the State
of Oregon;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
COLLECTION OF SOLDIERS' CLAIMS.
The next, bill taken.from the Speaker'stable
was the bill (S. No. 88) entitled "An act tore-
strict the expenses of collecting soldiers' claims
against the Government;'' which was read a first
and second time, and, on motion of Mr. Ste-
vens, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON RECONSTRUCTION.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. No. 26) for the payment of
expenses incurred by the joint committee to
inquire into the condition of the States which,
formed the so- called confederate States of Amer-
ica ; which was read a first and second time.
The question recurring on ordering the joint
resolution to a third reading,
Mr. LE BLOND called for the reading of the
joint, resolution, and it was read.
It appropriates $10,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to pay the expenses of the
joint committee of Congress appointed to in-
quire info the condition of the States which
formed the so-called confederate States of Amer-
ica ; which sum is to be drawn from the Treas-
ury upon the order of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, as it shall be required from time to time
by the committee having such investigation in
charge; and any portion of the sum thus ap-
propriated that hliail lie allowed by the joint
committee to witnesses attending before it, or
to pel sons employed in its service for per diem,
traveling, or other necessary expenses, and paid
by the Secretary of the Senate in pursuance of
