720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
the order of the joint committee, is to be cred-
ited and allowed by the accounting officers of
the Treasury Department.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being:
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion, which was on the passage of the joint res-
olution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINOlv demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will explain the object of the joint
resolution. *
Mr. STEVEN'S. All that I can say is that
witnesses are daily being examined before the
committee on reconstruction in pursuance of
the orders of this House.
Mr. ROSS. It is not proposed to deprive
the House of the services of members and to
let them go down South?
Mr. WASIIB ITRN E, o f Illinois. They are not
to have the same privilege that my col-league had
at the last session of (raveling over the plains
at the expense of the Government. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ROSS. [ understand that the President
ofthe^United States has appointed individuals
to make this investigation.
Mr. STEVEN'S. 1 have stated what the com-
mittee are now doing. Of course I do not know
what the committee mayhereafrer resolve 1o do.
Mr. ROSS. I regard the resolution as unne-
cessary in every respect.
Mr. GtllDEK. i)oes he know of any wit-
nesses who have claimed mileage for attending
before that committee?
Mr. STEVENS. I can tell the genii em an
that the Serjeant-at-Arms has advanced con-
siderable sums of money upon bills appi'oved
to puy witnesses.
The. previous question was taken on (he pas-
sage of the joint resolution; and it was decided
in Iheallirmative —yeas 102, nays ~-5, not voting
55; as follows:
YiOAi^—Allison, Amos, A-tuleiMm, James
M. Ashley, Hikor, J'..ink-;, linker, Ibw-
Binn, Bh'.mo, Blow, ib\md<"<ee, Druupvcll, Bioom.ill,
Jhuuly, R-;tder \\r. CI irko, Sidney CL'iko, tVnb,
C\wk, Cuiloni, iMvi-i, j.>cficc-\ OotPiiu,
J)ixon, OounHly. Diunont, Ivkiov, K.'-le-
sion, KUot, F.uquhur, Keriy, Gunnel), UiiMvold,
Abner 0. Manliay:, Ujit, Hayes, Hiyby, Hill, Hooper,
llotobki-w, Amabel \V. lLubb.ud, Chester D. Uabbtu'd,
John II. Hubbard, James' It. Uabbdl, tn^ersoll,
Joncko-J, Julian, K;is-<on, Kelloy, Kelso, Ketcham,
Kuykond'iU, Latham, William Lawrence. bongs c.n,
Lynch, Marvin, AL;C)ur«. iMoindoe. Airliner," Mor-
cur, Millor, iMoorbcart, Morris Q'Xeil!, Orl h,
Paim , l'erljam. Pike, PhinK Potnorov, Pi ice, \Vi|-
Iimri J{. Randall. A ioxnmh'r II. ]tice, JoUn il. Uice,
jtoiiiiH, Sawwr, Schonck, S-'oheld, Shu is, Spa Idinc;,
 Stevcns. ^Stilu v-il. Th ivor, -John L. Thonu-, Trow-
))rid^.e, \'an Aei nam, Rnrl \.in Mom, Waid, \\\>i-
nnr, W;i>hbimi<\ U ilium 15. U'a-hhum,
"Walker, Wentworth. Williams J;itnc-< F. U'V.-mi,
Stephen Y. Wilson, Windom. it ml uodbridge— io^.
#KA\S — Bei&on, Brook.3, Cnanler, Kld-
rid.;e, Pinck, (il-k-.-bremior, Under, Anion Harding
ilonran. Jawes AT. llumjdirey. Kerr, Le Rlond, Alnr-
shall, iSibiae.k, jNicl<oUon, Hitter, R<>:.,oi>, Ro.-;-, Sit-
greavos Smith. Stroiwe, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble,
and Voorhoe^—Jo.
NOT V OTUNO—AIep«rs. Alloy, An eon a, Delos "R.
Ashley,iiaxter. .Benjamin, Bidwell, Bnufhi'm, Rouf-
well, Jjoyer, iJaekJand, Conklni'j, Culver, 1) iwc<.
Dawson, I>ohino, i>eni>on, Rirnsworrh, G.ir held,
Goodyear, Hale, Harris, I i eriderMijt, i Holme:-, i>emuy
Iinbba.nl, Edmn X. ilubb*d!, Iliilbmd, )ai:ie< Hum
phrey, Johnson, done-:, Lathn, George V. Lowi-ciioo,
Loan^Mamon. AleCuIiou-ih, AIcKoo, Morrill, Afoul-
ton, Newell, Xocll, Ratiei son, Phelps, Radford,
Samuel J. Rand all, Raymond. Rousseau. bdhmkim,
bliellabarker, Starr, Tabor, franeis Thomas, Up-
son, Uobcit T. Van Horn, Whalcy, Winheld, and
Wright—5^.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. .STKVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was parsed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid noon the table.
The hither motion was agreed to.
the Committee on the Militia, reported back
resolutions in regard to the appropriation of
certain property in Missouri and Kentucky for
the establishment of Soldiers' Homes, and
moved that thov be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
TEbTIMONY IN K.EF1SKE.NCU TO CLAIMS.
Mr. SMITH also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to perpetuate testimony in cases
of claims against the quartermaster's and com-
missary departments; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. At half past fourthe House,
under the order which has been passed, will
take a recess for an evening session. The Chair
will state that last evening no member was pre-
pared logo on; and if no member is yet pro-
paved the evening session had better be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I understand
the gentleman from Oregon is prepared to go
on this evening.
UNTtOLLKD TiHJj SIGNED.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNEIl, from the Commit-
tee on Unrolled Bills, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled
O l„li I n I? \/-i \ ' ' \ 1 > I< r. f I /I ..
ki':>,trrcky sjolihisiis home.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, from
11. No. y()'l) entitled "An act to regu-
late the regis! ry of vessels when the Speaker
signed the same.
ni;vnxn: t'ttoji uevski, states.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered. and agreed to :
h'c.'inlrcd, Th;it tlioSecretary oftho Troii.^in-yhe.innJ
is hero by, ]vqu<>U'il to turni.-h to thelloiue ot lteine-
sentati\ in tabuiui t'oi m the loral amount of money
juiidinki the 'LYeaaivy ot it.o Uuheii iioui all
sourot's pinc-c the 1st of .Aiuil aad May, 18li5, to this
date by the Suites tately m rebellion.
N VVV A t't'HO fit i ATS OX 1STU,.
Mr. ST1j\ Il.\*S. I now demand a vote on
my motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on liii1 slale of Hie 1 'num.
'idle motion was agreed to.
The Uou.-e aeeorihnejv resolved ifself into
the Coiuuiilleo uf the Whole 011 the state of
the Union, (Mr. iii.A i.vi; in the chair.) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
12'i, making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending Juno l!0, 18i>7.
The CllAlitMAN staled that by order of
the House genera! debate on the bill hail been
closed, and discus-urn vas now limited to live
minuies on amendments.
Mr. Iflv'1-J, ol .'Uas.-achuseits. T wonlil in-
quire whether we are going to have an oppor-
tunity to amend the 11 in the House. The
rea-on 1 make the inquiry is, that if the item
for the puieha-e of Seawy's Island, winch lias
been stricken out in committee is sustained in
the lioiae, then I wish to mo\e to dhcoiuinue
the lnidge between Seavey's Island and the
navy-yaid.
ilr. KASSO.N. This bill consists of but one
section, as I suppose, and the gintlcmaii from
Ma-'t-ach'isettri i .M c. itioul may. if he chooser,
prepiirea section for discontinuing that bridge
and put il al t be ee.d of the bill. It is a new
subject and can he put in at the end.
Tiie C1IA1 lU'dA X. That cannot be consid-
ered in the House—onlv in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WASIIBUilNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the provision contained in lines ono
hundred and twenty-four, one hundred and
twenty-five, and one hundred and twenty-six :
For imreh:i :e of the ri'-iht of rlrainarco through the
yard, now hold by the tlry of Cha.rlestown, £.5,000,
1 doit on the ground t'eit I do not know why
Congress should be called upon to drain the i
city of Charlcstowu. I
_ Mr. KASSON. I will answer the ques-
tion why the United States should do this.
There is now the right on the part of the city
of Charlestown to drain the wantage of that
city right through the navy-yard. It is obnox-
ious, in many respects, to the occupants of the
yard, ft will cost more than §2.),000 to the
city of Charlestown to make a new drain and
relieve the navy-yard from the nuisance. It
is proposed by the Navy Department to allow
this much ($25,000) to be relieved from the
existence of the nuisance. It will be applied
by the city of Charlestown for a new drain.
_ Mr. WASHBU11NE, of Illinois. I would
like to know what claim there is upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States, that owns this
property, to permit the city of Charlestown to go
through her property. The United States Gov-
ernment owns the navy-yard there, and the city
of Charlestown has no right whatever to go
through there without the consent of the Gov-
ernment. If we deny that eonscnt, then they
must build another drain at their own expense.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman is in error.
It is an easement.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Asjtr.unxE, of Illinois, to strike out the
provision in regard to drainage ; and there were
—ayes 34, noes 23 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers, and they were ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes fifty-eight, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
item contained iu lines one hundred and thirty-
live and one hundred and thirty-six ;
i'oi buiMui;-? for otlii'os, £107,oSl.
I do it for this reason. The question was
fully and largely discussed in this House as to
Seavej's Island. There could be no more
necessary item than that. ISut the House de-
cided that that which we had done without
during the war we could continue to do wiili-
out awhile longer. I do not mean to 0>sl Ihe
sense of the House upon every question. I
consider that vote as an instruction to us, and
1 mean to act upon it, that large items which
we have done without daring the war we can
do without for another year. 1 mean to ac-
quiesce iu it, so far as I am concerned, and
therefore t go for striking out this item which
I think we can do without very conveniently.
The motion was agreed lo.
Mr. "WASH15UUNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out lines ono hundred and thirty-eight
and one hundred and thirty-nine, which are as
follows :
For purchase of Oukm.in & Eldridgc's wharf,
SlIS.OOO.
T do not know but that it would be only post-
poning tlie evil day to strike that section out
now, hut I propose to poslpone it a^ long as we
can. We had this mailer up m the last Congre
as gentlemen who were hero will well recol-
lect, and it was very fully discussed. This pro-
vision passed this House, but the Senate struck
it, out, and the House concurred in the action
of the Senate, and her.ee it failed. I did not
suppose that the proposition would be here
again quite so soon, and 1 am sorry that I have
not more than live minutes to call attention to
some facts which 1 have before me. and which
were developed during the discussion in the
last Congress. I hold in my hand allidavits of
parties in Charleslown in regard to this whole
matter. It was found, in the first place, that
there is no real necessity for the purchase of
this property, and in the second place that it
is a mere matter of speculation. These facts
were proved conclusively by affidavits which
were read in the last.Congress.
I have within the last few days received a let-
ter from the mayor of Charlestown on this sub-
ject, to which I will call the attention of the
committee. The mayor seems to have known
what my action in regard to this matter in the
hist Congress was, and he has written to me on
the subject. I may say that he is a patriotic
gentleman, representing as patriotic a town as
