1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2745
had astatementfromgentlemenwell acquainted
with the business, and ive find that instead of '
the business being in the hands of a monopoly, ,
there is a very heavy competing interest, so
that these paper collars are now sold at a very
reduced rate. If we should take off ihe tax
provided for in this paragraph and place this
article wish other articles of clothing, this
branch of business will have the advantage
which I think it ought to have. The question
simply comes to this: whether we shall charge
upon collars made of linen a different rate of
tax ad valorem from that charged on collars
made of paper. The paper collar is certainly
worn by a class of men less able to pay a tax
than those wearing collars of more costly ma-
terials. It seems to me, therefore, that we
ought to liberate this article from tax.
The gentleman from Massachusetts TMr.
Hooper] states that the raw material from
which these collars are made has been ex-
empted from tax. So much the better, I reply;
for this is a home manufacture almost exclu-
sively; whereas linen is an article very largely
imported. I hope the amendment will prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing oat " or," in line twenty-one hundred and
sixty-one, and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On bullion, in lump, ingot, bar, or otherwise, a tax
of one half of one pel cent, ml valorem, to be paid by
the assayer of the same, who shallstamp the product
of the aasay as the Commissi oner of Internal Revenue,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
may prescribe by general regulations. And all sales,
transfers,exchanges, transportation, and exportation
of gold or silver as^yed at any mint of the United
States, or by any private assayer, unless stamped as
prescribed by general regulations as aforesaid, are
hereby declared unlawful; atid every person or cor-
poration who shall sell, transfer, transport, exchange,
export, ordeal in the same,shall be subject to a pen-
alty of SI.000 tor each oliense, and to a line not ex-
creaims'thnt sum, and to imprisonment for a tci m
not exceeding two years nor less than six months.
Nojeweler, worker, or artificer in gold or silver shall
use either of those metals except k shall have fn.-t
been stamped as aforesaid, as required 1>5'this act;
and every violation of this scc-tion shall subject the
offender to the penalties contained herein. JS"o per-
son or corporation shall take, transport, or cause to
be transported, export or cause to be exported from
the United States any gold or silver in its natural
state, uncoined or unossayed, and unstamped,_ as
aforesaid: and for every violation of this provision
every offender shall be subject to the penalties con-
tained herein.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line twenty-one hundred and eighty-
three the word "section'' and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "provision;" so that the
clause will read:
And every violation of this provision shall subject
the offender to the penalties contained heieiu.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line twenty-one hundred and ninety
the word "contained" and by inserting after
the word "herein" the word "provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mrj OARF1 ELD. I move to am end by strik-
ing out in lines twenty-one hundred and eighty-
three and twenty-one hundred and eighty-four
the following words:
And every violation of this provision shall subject
the offender to the penalties contained herein.
That clause is not necessary, as it is repeated
in the last sentence of the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line twenty-onehundred and eighty-
nine the word "provision" and inserting in
lieu thereof the word "paragraph."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McRUER. I move to amend by striking
out this whole paragraph. I desire to call the
attention of the committee to the fact that the
tax provided for in this paragraph is the only-
tax in this bill that does not attach to the article
taxed and-go forward to be paid by the con-
sumer. This is a direct tax upon the labor em-
ployed in mining gold. The tax must be paid
by the miner, because the Government has de-
clared by law that an ounce of gold, whether it
cost a day's or a month's labor,shall be worth
only so many dollars and cents.
Now, while there is great propriety in taxing,
and taxing heavily, gold and .silver which enter
into articles of manufacture, plate, jewelry, &c.,
because the consumer or the wearer must event-
ually pay the tax, it is manifestly unjust and
contrary to the whole theory and principle of
this bill to require that this tax be paid by the
miner. I know that there is an impression here
that it is a very easy thing to dig gold and sil-
ver. Men see or hear of the millions of gold
landing at the port of New York from San
Francisco; but they do not know anything
about the miner who spends oftentimes years
in unprofitable labor in order to get this gold
from the earth.
There is in this tax a principle which does
not apply to any oth'er single provision in this
bill, frold and silver bullion are worth only
so many dollars and cents. This tax cannot
be attached to them, but must be paid bv the
labor which produces them, whether that labor,
is profitable or not. I hope, therefore, the
justice of the committee will see that this par-
agraph ought to be stricken out, and that the
tax should only be placed upon gold and silver
bullion manufactured into articles of luxury.
Mr. STEVENS. Itwas reduced to this small
sum. as itwas thought, by the common consent
of the Representatives from the Pacific slope.
We of oilier patts of the countiy thought it
should be larger. The reason for this is ob-
vious. The gold mines are owned by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and we have
laid no royalty upon these'mines. The only
return the Government can get for the treas-
ure taken is this small percentage. Every
other Government charges five times as much.
The Government of Mexico charges a much
larger royalty. Some means were sought to
get a return by the Government for their own
treasure taken out by these minors, and for a
long time no way was found to be satisfactory.
Finally the tax was re'duced to this small per-
centage on bullion. It comes from those who
own mines, and is paid as a royalty. _ A man in
Pennsylvania who owned a coal mine and al-
lowed it to be worked would charge five times
as much. This tax is very small, and I hope
there will be no further objection to it.
Mr. I1IGBY. I move to strike out the last
word in order to make a brief statement in
reference to the history of this matter. I know
very well the feeling of this House on this sub-
ject. I know the struggle we had to get the
tax down even to the present rate. The bill
as originally reported to the Thirty-Eighth
Congress put on a tax of three per cent., to be
paid in gold. On motion of a Delegate from
Idaho, the words "to be paid in gold" were
stricken out. Thereupon a niemberof the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means rose and moved to
increase it from three to five percent., which
went through like a whirlwind. It then went
from the House to ihe Senate, and the Senate
have the merit of reducing it down to one half
of one per cent. When it came back to the
House in that form the delegation from Cal-
ifornia was consulted as to whether we would
object to the tax as reduced. I said then, as
I say now, that it is manifest injustice to tax
at all the digging of gold out of the mines.
While I 'do not think my colleague's motion
will be adopted, still I shall cheerfully vote
for it. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to insert in line twenty-
one hundred and eightv-one after the word
"use" the words "bullion of." My object.
Mr. Chairman, in offering this amendment, is
to protect the small manufacturers of gold and
silver wares in our country towns as well as in
our cities. If the original terms of the para-
graph 1 desire to amend shall be .retained, it
will be seen that no manufacturer can use old
metal, either of gold or silver, old spoons,
watch-casings, or jewelry settings which he may
have received, a-s is customary, in exchange for
his wares, without having such articles or thuir
product taken to the assayer and stamped, un-
less he is willing to subject himself to the severe
penalties of this act. This, I think, is unfair,
unnecessary, and unjust. The large manufac-
turers in New York and other principal cities
use, I suppose, bullion to a great extent, but
the small manufacturers using limited amounts
depend principally upon old coin and old arti-
cles which have been injured or the fashion of
which has changed. My amendment will give
to them a deserved protection from the incon-
venience, annoyance, and injustice to which
they will be otherwise subjected.
Mr. WRIGHT. In looking at the latter
part of this paragraph I do not quite see the
effect of the folio wing :
So person or eorpora'ion shall take, transport, or
cause to be transported, export or cause to be ex-
ported from the United States, any gold or silver
in its natural state, uncoined or unassayed, and un-
stamped, as aforesaid: and for every violation of this
provision every offender shall be subject to the pen-
alties herein contained.
Would the Adams Express Company, or any
other express company, for sending abroad a
box containing unstamped metal be liable to
be sent to State's prison ?
j Mr. MORRILL. Unless this provision is in
I we shall be unable to collect the tax. This is
simply a provision that compels the payment
i of this tax before it can be exported.
! Mr. DAVIS. I move pro Jorma to amend
: the amendment by striking out "of." The
i chairman of the committee is in error in say-
! ing that no complaint lias ever been made in
regard to the existing law. I have complaints
j now from manufacturers in ray own district.
! Mr. MORRILL. What do they want?
! Mr. DAVIS. Simply that they shall be
; allowed to work gold and silver ware and jew-
] elrv without being obliged to go to the assayer.
! I withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
; Mr. BID WELL. I renew it. It strikes me
1 that this provision, as it now reads, would be
entiielv inoperative. It says that "all sales.
; transfers, exchanges, transportation, and cx-
[ portation of gold or silver assayed at any mint
j of the United States" are declared unlawful.
, There is no penalty except in regard to such
I as is assayed, because in the latter part of the
| section the same penalty is provided against
! the transportation or exportation of "gold and
! silver in its natural state, uncoined or unas-
1 saved and unstamped."
| "Now, I would like to know how you are going
■ to fix a stamp on gold which is not assayed, in
. the form of dust, for instance. Anil 1 desire
i further to know whether that penalty of Sl.OUO
' will apply to the miner who digs out his linn-
| dred dollars of gold in the course of two or
i three months and goes down to some village
i in order to exchange it. I believe it will so
i apply, according to the reading of the section,
; and thereby create the greatest dissatisfaction
throughout the entire mining region of the Pa-
1 eifie slope, and. 1 may say. the greatest inias-
i tice. „ All that is necessary for a prnper under-
standing of this question and to dispel the idea
! of attempt ing to raise a revenue from the miners
! in this way, would he for members of Congress
I to go to the mining region. Ihey never would
i think of imposing such a tax alter witnessing
the labors of those who. at the sacrifice ol life
afid property, have gone to labor in the mines.
! If anything should be done it should be rather
;> to pay these men a bonus for the gohl they dig.
I You say these precious metals belong to toe
i| Government. They belong to it just as much
jl as does the center of this globe, and no more,
and they would be no more benefit to the Goy-
ii eminent, unless they were extracted, than is
f the gold that lies at ihe center of the globe.
j! I am almost afraid that this House may come
jj to the conclusion that because we have asked
!j for certain exclusions in regard to the interetsts
h of California we desire to escape all taxes.
i| But I beg to assure the House that such is not
l! the case. If you will only place the tax upon
j' those articles and those industries which can
i. bear it we will say nothing. _ If you will single
out the mines which are paying fortunes almost
ii every mo nth. I will say amen, But wnen you
