1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOil
there is in tlie United States, where Bunker
Hill is. He addresses me as follows:
City of Charlestown, Massachusetts,
Mayor's Office, January 29,1866.
Sir : It appears that the proposition of enlarging
the navy-yard, in this city is again before Congress for
consideration.
Our city is decidedly opposed to the measure, as
its enlargement will take more of our territory, and
thereby withdraw it from municipal improvement and
taxation. The feeling is quite general in this com-
munity that the project is fostered by speculators and
those owning the land which it is proposed to pur-
chase.
Was there a reaj necessity for the land, on the part
of the Government, this city would not interpose a.
single objection, but there is good ground for believ-
ing that within the present limits of theyard there is
ample space for all the requirements of the Govern-
ment. , _ „
By the vote of the city council, passed January 22,
1866,1 am instructed to take such action as snalltend
to bring the whole subj ect fairly in view, and thereby
secure the interests of the city.
I am informed by my predecessor, ex-mayor Stone,
thatyou have interested yourself inihis matter, which
is my reason for addressing you afH^he present time.
. Haveyou copies of the evidence which waspresented
two years ago ? It was printed in the Charlestown
Advertiser? How soon will the subject be brought
up for discussion? Can I be of any service, and is
any additional evidence required? If my^presence
is immediately required please telegraph to me at my
expense. If not, write, and state if you desire any
further evidence, or whether it is advisable for me to
attend at Washington. By so doing you will confer
a favor upon me.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CIIAS. ROBINSON, Jr., Mayor.
Eon. E. B. Washbukne, M. C.
That is the letter of the mayor. I cannot in
the five minutes that are allowed me read the
affidavits which were produced here during the
last Congress, and which I have in the Globe
before me, showing the facts in regard to the
value of the property. If I recollect aright, it
was shown that all of this property, half of which
it is proposed to purchase for $135,000, was pur-
chased for less than one half of that sum.
On the ground, in the first place, that there
is no real necessity for the purchase of this
property, and on the further ground that it is
a mere matter of speculation, I am opposed to
the proposition of the committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentleman
if this is the same may or who was in office during
the last Congress?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
I believe not.
The question was taken on Mr. Washbuene s
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to strike out lines
one hundred and forty, one hundred and forty-
one, and one hundred and forty-two, which are
as follows:
cw Y ork t
For machine shop, main building, $289,612.
Mr. KASSON. Will my colleague explain
why he moves to strike out that provision?
should be glad to know his reasons.
Mr. GRINNELL. I make this motion to carry
out the general policy that lias been indicated
by the House in regard to this appropriation
bill. I think we have passed by objects fully as
meritorious and fully as much required bythe
necessities of the country as this appropriation.
That is the only reason I havo.^
We have here an appropriation of $298,612
I do not believe there is any necessity for this
appropriation at this time, and therefore I move
to strike it out. I am for reducing our expendi-
tures. With such a mighty Navy as we now
have, and which has served all our purposes dur-
ing the war, I think we can afford to let some
of our ships lie up and some of our men rest.
Mr. KASSON. I find it in vam to call for
reasons, under certain circumstances, where
there are none to be given. If my colleague,
[Mr. Grixxell,] or any other gentleman here,
has heard the testimony of any officer of the
Department, or of any Representative upon this
floor from the district in which this navy-yard
is situated, or of any person who has investi-
gated this subject or claimsto have any personal
knowledge upon it, I should be glad to hearit._
It is necessary here for me to say that while
I did oppose the acquisition of Seavey's Island,
' upon the rule which I think the House ought
to adapt touching these matters, that appropri-
ations for mere convenience ought not to be
39tii Cong. 1st Sess,—No. 46.
made, I also stated that where these appropri-
ations were necessary for the commercial and
effective conduct of the public business they
ought tg be made.
1 find, now, this condition of things, to which
I desire to call the attention of the House, ■
that the effect of the indiscriminate striking out
of these appropriations will be this: that when
we come to vote upon this bill in the House
there will be an effort to combine the interests
of all parties and get back into this bill all these
appropriations, some of which ought not to be
adopted, and some of which ought to be adopted.
I therefore call upon the true economists in this
House to exercise their discrimination at this
time, and retain those appropriations that ought
to be retained, and reject those that ought to be
rejected.
This navy-yard at New York, as is well known
to all, is the great central navy-yard of the coun-
try ; it is located at the great commercial center
of the country. The provisions nofv existing
for the conduct of the naval business at that
navy-yard are inadequate for the proper execu-
tion of that business. And the committee, after
reducing by some millions the entire estimates
of the Navy Department, find themselves met
here in this House by a general proposition still
further to reduce the appropriations, without
any reason Being given for the particular appli-
cation of the rule.
Now, I desire to say this much, to restrain
the action of this committee and of the House
upon the rule which they adopted by their action
the other day; that 1 am not aware that a single
member of the Committee on Appropriations
was opposed to this appropriation for the navy-
yard at New York. And unless, therefore, we
adopt in Committee of the Whole the appro-
priations which should be adopted, we shall find
the bill swollen bj1 several hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars when the vote comes to be taken
in the House, by a combination of all interests
to get these appropriations back. And for this
reason I ask that this appropriation for the navy-
yard at New York may be adopted as a neces-
sary appropriation, one so certified to us by the
officers of the Navy Department, and which I
suppose is known to the gentlemen from the
cities of New York and Brooklyn upon this
floor.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word of it. And I wish to add to what the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] has said, that
this is not an appropriation to commence a new
work. The work has already been authorized
by Congress, and a partial appropriation has
already been made for its construction.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. _ Can the gen-
tleman refer us to the law in which that appro-
priation was made?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I do not recol-
lect whether it was made in the very last appro-
priation bill, or in the last but one._ But the
work is now in process of construction. Pre-
vious appropriations have been made for that
purpose, and this appropriation is to pay for the
work in part which has been constructed, and
to pay for that which is yet to be constructed to
complete the building. I presume that that
statement will be sufficient to satisfy the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Grinxicll] who made the
objection.
Mr. PIKE. In the debate in the Committee
of the Whole the other day, as has been very
well said bythe chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, it was argued that as we had
got along through the war without these new
works, we could now, at this period and in the
present condition of our finances, get along for
ayear or two without these large appropriations.
Upon that ground, an important appropriation
for an increase of the navy-yard at Kittery
was refused by the committee. It is now pro-
posed that at a less advantageous place, where
work is done, as is shown by the records of the
Navy Department, very much less cheaply, an
appropriation of S3,500,000 shall be. made,
mainly for now works. Now, I think ti\at the
committee, in order to be ^psuslent with itself,
should sustain ihe'rhMbn to" stride otft,
propriation. togetheir with the oite'&pjDrd'jirl^
tions in this section' for n£w Woiks. .E'or one,'!
am prepared to vote to sustain that proposition;
so that when the time'' comes,(if "it ever shall
come, when we are to increase the naval con-
structive'forces of the country, we shall begin
the proper, the most economical placfe, and riO't
at the most expensive j>liice. I ho^e^the pip-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa Will 'prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhaust^
upon this amendment. . , ,,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. DARLING. Mr. Chairman, I move
pro forma to amend by striking out the word
"eight" in line one hundred and forty-two.
It is well known, sir, that throughout the
period of the war the navy-yard at New York
city was entirely inadequate for the perform-
ance of the work demanded of it by the require-
ments of the country; and the Navy Depart-
ment was obliged to get the necessary work
performed outside of its own yards, in order
to preserve the efficiency of its Navy, and to
keep it afloat. A large amount of work hag
been contracted for and put under way in that
yard, and without these appropriations that
work must stop. It is, in my judgment, very
poor economy to permit work in progress to
decay and go to ruin for want of the necessary-
appropriations to complete such work.
Why, sir, are we to bid the nation pause in
all its great works now in progress, because the
rebellion has terminated? Have we, because
the war has ended, ceased to be a nation? Have
we ceased to need a Navy or an Army? If so,
then let members vote against all appropria-
tions of the public money for military or naval
purposes.
Sir, in the name of my constituents in the
city of New York, I demand that these great
public works, which the interests of the coun-
try requires should be carried forward, shall
not be crippled by a blow at all necessary ap-
propriations. Sir, have not the Committee on
Appropriations had this matter in their charge?
Have they not carefully considered it? Cer-
tainly they have; and now, when they, after
examining all thebearings of the question, ask
the House to adopt these appropriations, I trust
gentlemen will not, without sufficient^ reason,
move to strike out appropriations which have
received the sanction of the committee, because
believed to be nccessary.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Irenewthe
amendment.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think there was a great
deal of force in what the gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevexs] said, that the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in passing upon the ques-
tion of Seavey's Island, had declaredas ageneral
principle that we are to strike out of this bill
all expenditures not absolutely necessary. I
am free to say that I think this bill embraced
no more meritorious appropriation of this class
than that for Seavey's Island. I know very
well that the Portsmouth navy-yard is one of the
best navy-yards for ship building in the United
States. I'believe that ships can be built better
and more cheaply at that yard than at any other
in the country. That appropriation for Scavey'a
Island was, therefore, one of the strongest pos-
sible cases of its kind that could be presented
to us. But the IIous<5, after due deliberation,
decided to strike out that appropriation, and
in doing so initiated, in my view, a principle
which, properly applied, will strike out from
this bill appropriations amounting in the aggre-
gate to millions of dollars.
Now, I call the attention of the committee
to the stupendous appropriations which are here
asked for the New York navy-yard, amounting
to $1.300,000 
A Member. One million five hundred thou-
sand dollars. T , ,
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois,. I stand
corrected—$1,500,000,' not for the commettce:
merit of hew works, not for nccessary repairs
. of great and permanent' improvements; ana
