1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8705
him tliat the admission of a State into this U nion
is not a matter wholly within the power of Con-
gress ; it requires the concurrent a'ction of the
State and of Congress, and their respective
acts are dependent upon each other. It is not
within the power of the legislation of Congress
to make States and bring them into the Union
without tho action of the States. But it is
within the power of Congress to pass laws
without asking a little squad of people to sanc-
tion those laws. There is no parallel what-
ever between the cases. Because we admit
■ States and negotiate with States to bring them
into the Union, requiring them to do certain
things before they shall have a voice here, it
does not follow that we may make our laws
dependent upon the action of tho people of a
particular locality. A State has a right to be
heard upon the question whether it will come
into the Union. You cannot bring a State into
the Union merely by your legislation. But
where a matter is within the scope of legisla-
tion it is the duty of Congress to legislate, and
not ask a little squad of voters to legislate for
it. There is not a case in all the books in
which such legislation has not been held to be
invalid ; no, I will not say that, because in the
first instance, some of the inferior courts were
disposed to respect such acts, but I believe it
has become universal now in the highest courts
of all the States, where the question has come
up, to hold that the legislative authority can-
not be delegated; and 1 say that the case of
the admission of a State upon complying with
its part of the conditions proposed, concurrent
action being required, is not analogous.
The act in question here does not deal with
a sovereign Stale; it deals with the people liv-
ing along the other side of the Potomac for a
few miles, and asks them to vote upon the
question of whether it shall be a law or not;
refers it to them. Where is the record of your
law? How are tho rights of persons and prop-
erty to be determined hereafter, hundreds of
years hence, if tho Government shall continue
that long, when you have no record evidence
of your law? Laws so framed have not been
held to be constitutional in the States. No
precedent that is worthy of consideration can
be found in favor of such a law. It shows
very conclusively that there is no precedent in
point when the Senator from Missouri is forced
to illustrate his view of the case by a reference
to our dealings with sovereign States.
Mr. POMEROY. Allow me to say that
there are some precedents against it.
Mr. STEWART. Plenty of them.
Mr. POMEROY. I remember once to have
been a member of a Legislature which passed
what was called a Maine liquor law, but it was
submitted to the people to say whether it should
become a law or not, and the people voted by
a majority that it should become a law. The
courts held that act to be unconstitutional
because it allowed the people to legislate; it
delegated the power of legislation to the peo-
ple, who were no part of the Legislature, who
could not as a people be a part of the Legis-
lature.
Mr. STEWART. I apprehend there is no
point of law better settled than that question.
Mr. POMEROY. The case to which I
allude was decided in the State of New York.
Mr. STEWART. It has been decided in
very many of the States. I had occasion to
look up the authorities, and I found that many
of-the western States had submitted questions
of the location of county seats and the like to
tho people ; but in oil the books I never saw a
citation of the fact that Congress had admitted
States upon conditions as proof that the people
had a right to legislate.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will not come to a conclusion on this
subject without a due consideration of its im-
portance. When the framers of our Constitu-
tion and the old statesmen of that day delib-
erated on any matter and came to a deliberate
conclusion, we have generally found when we
have undertaken to depart from what they laid
down that their reasoning was better than ours.
Sir, if at the period when this capital was
located there was anything that engrossed the
attention of the statesmen of that day more than
this subject I should like to know what it was.
Previously the seat of Government was loco-
motive; it had sometimes been in one city,
sometimes another; and it depended very much
upon tho temper and disposition of tho States
in which it happened to be located whether it
could find a comfortable residence there or not.
As I stated when I was up the other day, this
was a great question, agitating the whole Union,
North, South, East, and West. As everybody
knowg, when you undertake to locate even a
county seat, or a State capital, and, much more,
the capital of the United States, it is always a
very agitating question, and one about which
local interests compete with more avidity than
upon almost any other question that we can
imagine. The same great difficulty arose here.
The statesmen of that day were fully impressed
with the idea that there must be a permanent
location of the seat of Government. It was
claimed in various States and in various situ-
ations. It was exceedingly desirable by any
State that the seat of this great Government
should be located within its limits; and hence
the competition on the question, which was the
mos#solemn and the most agitating of anything
that had arisen ip the Government up to that
time, and as much so as almost any question
that has succeeded it until this day.
I do not know how they would have located
it had it not been for another subject that was
up at that timeiand was almost as much debated
as that, and which elicited almost as much in-
terest as that, and that was the great question
whether the debts of the revolutionary war
should be funded or should not be funded.
The southern States contended that they should
not be funded, and that the Government should
rather be dissolved than that they should be
funded; and the northern States contended as
strenuously that the seat of Government should
not be brought as far south as the banks of the
Potomac. The Congressmen of that clay sep-
arated upon that subject, and a dissolution
seemed inevitable. The great statesmen of the
time, the head patriots of Congress at tho period
got together, and conceiving that a compromise
might be made upon these great questions,
undertook to make a compromise, and they did
effect it after great difficulty. The South agreed
that the debt might be funded and made a gen-
eralburden uj)on the Federal Government, and,
in consideration of that, the North conceded
that the capital might come here. Thus it was
located upon one of the most solemn compro-
mises that had ever been made. Whenever
there has been an endeavor in Congress to re-
move the capital, as the history of the legisla-
tion of Congress will show, it has been claimed
at all times by those who were in favor of con-
tinuing the location here, that if the proposed
removal was not unconstitutional, itwas a vio-
lent breach of faith to attempt it; and so it
would have been, because it was upon this
compromise that it was locatcd here.
It is not less important in our estimation.
What have ivc done this very day, in the bill
which preceded the one now before tho Sen-
ate ? Why, sir, the laying out of millions upon
this Capitol, after expendingimmense sums of
money here, shows that it is the intent of the"
statesmen of this day to make this the perma-
nent seat of Government. If it is not so, what
means tho vote that you have just taken about
enlarging the grounds of the Capitol at an un-
told expense ? Expense forms no consider-
ation in the minds of men as they go forth to
embellish this Capitol, which is an honor to the
nation, the architecture of which, as I am told,
rivals that of the best edifices in the whole
world, and is not exceeded by any of them ;
and to-day you have voted to extend the
grounds around it. And yet, sir, you are going
to leave it so that a partisan Legislature, in
times of great civil commotion, may, by a vote
taken in a moment, mutilate and destroy the
symmetry of the whole. Will you permit that
to be done?
I brand this act of 1845 as being only a pre-
liminary step to that rebellion that took place
afterward. Who got it up? Itwas the head
men of the secession that afterward levied war
against the Government. They could do noth-
ing more to promote the cause of the rebellion
than to cede back to Virginia that territory that
she gave up for this capital. It rendered you
less eapablc of defense. Why did the fathers
in locating the seat of Government here make it
ten miles square? Have you ever thought of
that? This very city is large enough for all the
purposes of legislation. We should find no in-
convenience in alegislative capacity even in this
city, circumscribed in one mile square. The
fathers knew as well as you did that your capi-
tal might be built as magnificent as you pleased
upon a mile square, and that all your public
buildings to carry on the business of this great
Governmentmight be located upon such a tract.
But, sir, they had encountered difficulties in
the States where the capital had been located ;
they had found that the States interfered with
the freedom of their deliberations; they had
threatened to drive them out frequently and to
interfere with their legislation; and when they
came to deliberate upon the question of a per-
manent seat of Government, with General
Washington at their head, who had conducted
your armies successfully through the terrible
war of the Revolution, they knew full well that
it was necessary that you should have room
and verge enough to defend the deliberations
of Congress against the-interference of any local
legislatures whatever; and therefore it was
that they said, "Let it be ten miles square, that
we may be entirely independent; that tho Fed-
eral Government shall meet with no interfer-
ence in behalf of States or anything else ; any-
thing less than that will open it to the interfer-
ence of other tribunals and legislatures; we
must be independent."
Sir, how profound, almost prophetic, was
that wisdom! What disadvantages did we not
suffer when this war broke out on account of
this retrocession, under which tho enemies ofthe
Government could have planted their cannon
upon their soil to batter down your Capitol!
That retrocession brought this District and this
great Capitol that you have erected at so much
expense right under the guns of the enemy.
What did we dread more than anything else?
That old Virginia would fortify the heights on
the opposite side of the Potomac and plant her
cannon there upon her own soil to batter down
tho Capitol and to lay your capital city in ashes.
Contemplating such a Contingency, General
Washington said, "The permanent seat of Gov-
ernment shall be ten miles square, and the
capital erected in the center of that, will have
the means of defending itself against all local
legislatures and all interference from every
quarter." Was it not a righteous foresight?
Would you suffer that wisdom to be trampled
under foot by the politicians in modern times
and in times of great turmoil, and when men
were preparing for civil war to overthrow your
capital and your Government itself? It was
under such contemplations that this act of
1816 was passed, and passed by the very men
that sought the first opportunity to go out of
the Union, as they said, and make war upon
your Constitution^ itself. Mr. Hunter was the
great mover in this business. He and the se-
cession politicians of old Virginia, contemplat-
ing in their hearts the destruction of your Gov-
ernment, first of all sought to undo the work of
General Washington, the man who did honor
to that State. They must mutilate his counsels,
destroy what he had done, destroy the foresight
of that great patriot and trample it under foot,
in order to be able to bring their guns to bear
on your capital; and they did it by an act
entirely unconstitutional. Does anybody doubt
that? I was exceedingly pleased to hear the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who was
here and took part against this mutilation, say,
with all the temptations that party can heap
upon his head, that he viewed the act of retro-
cession as unconstitutional then, and he views
it in tho same light now. He voted against tho
