1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
39tii Cong.... 1st Bess.
Political Questions of the Day—Mr. Miller.,
Ho. of Reps.
bers shall be appointed, nine of who pa shall be mem-
bers of the House and six of tho Semite, who shall
inquire into the condition of the States which formed
the bo-eallcd "coniederate States <.f America,' and
report whether any of them arc entitled to be repre-
sented in either Houso of Congress, with leave to
report at any time by bill or otherwise."
Under which resolution nine members were
appointed by the Speaker of the House, and
six by the President of the Senate, making the
fifteen contemplated by the resolution. This
joint committee on reconstruction, thus ap-
pointed, organized and entered upon the duties
of their appointment, and after taking a large
amount of testimony and making a thorough
examination as to the status of these eleven
States, recommended an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States which passed
the Senate by a vote of 83 to 11, and the House
of Representatives by 138 to 3(5, (being more
than a two-thirds vote,) in the following form:
Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of RepretentativcH
of the United States of America in. Congress assem-
bled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That
the following article be proposed to the Legislatures
of the several States as an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, which, when ratified
by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid
as part of the Constitution, namely:
Article —.
Si?C. 1. All persons born or naturalized in the Uni-
ted States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States and of the State
wheiein they reside. No State shall make or en-
force any law which shall abridge the privileges or
immunities of citizens of the united States; nor
shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property without due piacess of law, uor deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws.
Snu.2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
{State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
n^ht to vote at any election for the choice of elcet-
O! s for President and Vice President of the United
States, Representatives in Congress, the executive
and judicial officers of a State, or the members of the
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male in-
habitants of such State, being twenty-one years of
a<?t\ and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abndged, except for participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
be i educed, in the proportion which the number of
such male citizens shall bear to the whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in buoh
State.
Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Yjcc
President, or hold any-oftice, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who. having
previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. Cut Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability.
Skc. 4. The validity of thcpublicdebtof the United
States, authorized by law, including debts incurred
for payment of pensions and bounties for services in
suppressing insuirection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned. But neither the United States nor any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation in-
cun ed in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the
United States, or any claim for the loss or emancipa-
tion ofanyslavej but all such debts, obligations, and
claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforcc,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
The above adoption of this proposed amend-
ment is indispensable, especially in regard to
representation. Under the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States of 1787 all
colored freemen in the slave States and three
fifths of the slaves were.represented, although
none of them were entitled to vote. Those
States had nineteen Representatives of colored
slaves, and as the slaves are now free they can
add for the other two fifths thirteen more, mak-
ing the slave representation thirty-two. Sup-
pose the free blacks prior to the emancipation
of the slaves will give at least five more, mak-
ing the representation of non-voting people of
color about thirty-seven. The full number of
Representatives from the slave States at the
breaking out of the rebellion was seventy. Add
the other two fifths and it will be eighty-eight j
thus giving to the late slaveholdmg States a
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 20.
large representation for a non-voting popula-
tion, which may be the means of their having
a preponderance in Congress, which would cer-
tainly be vesting the States lately in rebellion
with a power that might be wielded with injury
and embarrassment* to the Government. But
•why should they be vested with such extraor-
dinary functions? If itisinexpedicntto clothe
the colored man with the elective franchise,
certainly no one ought to exercise it for liipj.
Hence the stern necessity of the adoption of
the proposed amendment, which also extends
protection to that race.
A diversity of opinion prevails as to the pro-
priety of extending to the colored race the elect-
tivo franchise. To me, Mr. Speaker, this ques-
tion seems to belong entirely to the respective
States to decide, and that evidently is the con-
struction placed by statesmen upon the Consti-
tution of the 17th of September 1787, and as I
have said on other occasions it has now become
too firmly settled to be shaken. In my own State
the constitution confines the elective franchise
to citizens who are white free men of the age
of twenty-one years, and that constitution can
only be changed in two ways: first, by calling
a convention; and secondly, by an amendment
or amendments proposed in the Senate or
House of Representatives, and if the same shall
be agreed to by a majority of the members
elected to each House, such proposed amend-
ment or amendments shall be entered on their
Journals with the yeas and nays taken thereon,
and the secretary of the Commonwealth shall
cause the same to be published three months
before the next election in at least one news-
paper in every county in which a newspaper
shall be published; and if the Legislature next
ehosen shall agree to such proposed amend-
ment or amendments by a majority of the mem-
bers elected to each House, the secretary of tho
Commonwealth shall cause the same to be pub-
lished in the manner aforesaid, and such pro-
posed amendment or amendments shall be
submitted to the people in such manner and at
such times, at least three months after being so
agreed upon by the two Houses, as the Legisla-
ture shall prescribe. And if the people shall
approve and ratify such amendment or amend-
ments by a majority of the qualified voters jf
the State voting thereon, such amendment or
amendments shall become part of the consti-
tution.
While the State I have the honor to repre-
sent in part refuses negro suffrage by her con-
stitution, 1 would not vote for any act of Con-
gress to extend that right over any other State,
leaving that question to the respective States.
Iu the District of Columbia Congress has ex-
clusive jurisdiction, and may try the experi-
ment, if an experiment it is. I do not appre-
hend as much danger in allowing the black
man a vote as some imagine. One thing is
true, and that is that they are loyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, while many
whites who claim to exercise that sacred light
are the contrary. In Pennsylvania tho_ black
man voted prior to the amended constitution
of 1838. And tinder the constitution of the
great State of New York a man of color who
shall have been for three years a citizen of the
State and for one year next preceding any elec-
tions shall have been seized and possessed of
a freehold estate of the value of $250, over
and above all debts and incumbrances charged
thereon, audshall have been actually valued and
paid a tax thereon, shall be entitled_ to vote_. 1
understand that at the last presidential election
sevex-al thousand colored men voted in that
State; yet no apprehension was had that the
colored men would be forced into the jury-box,
raised to a judgeship, or placed in any office,
or be thrust into the social circle of the whites,
nor has any party in that State asked for a
change of the constitution. Attempted preju-
dice against the black man is gotten up by
demagogue politicians.
I am aware, sir, that aspirants for office are
trying to get up a prejudice against the Union
party in Congress because they want to see the
colored man who fought to s ve this Wepublip
protected. I do not wish to be understood to
be in favor of givipg the colored man the right
of suffrage against the will of the majority of
the people of any State and on this subject I
think I speak tbe sentiments of the majority of
this House; that is the spirit of the proposed
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States which we lately passed and submitted to
the States, some of which through their Legis-
latures have already ratified it, among which
is Tennessee, which is one of those States lately
in rebellion, and we have in response -admit-
ted her loyal Representatives to seats on this
floor, and if the other States that rebelled
desire representation they must follow the ex-
ample of Tennessee. The preservation of this
Union depends on Congress standing firm and
united on this point. It has been said by poli-
ticians that the colored population will emi-
grate to the northern States. This is a great
mistake. The northern climate is not suitable
to the black man, while that of the South is oon-
gonial to his nature. What induced him to
leave the South in former years was to escape
from bondage, but as slavery is now abolished
and protection afforded, the South is where
that race will emigrate, and instead of southern
colored meu coming North to live it is more
likely that those born in the North will make
the South their home.
The recent bold and daring conduct of the
rebels clearly demonstrates that the policy of
President Johnson in regard to the States lately
in rebellion is inadequate to afford protection
to loyal citizens of the South, and render suffi-
cient security to the Government, while that of
Congress (in my opinion) is the only true mode
of reconstruction, and the one that will place
our Goverumenton a firm and substantial basis
and be a preventive against future rebellious.
It.is now for the people to say whether they will
sustain Congress or not in their efforts to ren-
der our Government secure. This is no time
to be week-kneed. One side or the other must
be taken. Plutarch takes notice of a very re-
markable though just law of Solon which de-
clared " every man infamous who in any sedi-
tious or civil dissensions in the State should
continue neutral and refuse to side with either
party." Surely every lover of his country de-
sires permanent security and a safeguard against
another rebellion. We have expended too much
treasure and lost too many precious lives to
sustain this Republic to allow rebels to dictate
terms to us. If the amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States that we have recently
passed is ratified by the requisite number of the
States we will have a bright future.
OUR COUNTRY.
The United States has 3,000,000 square
miles of territory and 200,000 square miles
of productive territory, or one fifteenth of the
whole. Each acre contains 30,000 tons of
coal, (of which only 20,000 are available or
in workable beds in the aggregate.) We now
produce over 20,000,000 tons of coal, includ-
ing home and colliery consumption, and sell
20,000,000 tons annually. Our total resources
in coal at 20,000 tons per acre are 3,740,000,-
100,000 tons. Of this amount about 27,073,-
000,000 tons are anthracite. We have also in-
exhaustible beds of iron ore and precious me-
tals. These resources are availably located;
tliey are in proximity with the widest and most
fertile plains, the richest soils known to man.
They are open to development by ocean, lakes,
ormagnificeutrivers, andareorwill be traversed
by railroad from ocean to ocean. Their value
is incalculable ; their extent boundless ; tlieir
richness unequaled ; and their quantity im-
measurable. The wealth they represent cannot
be told in figures. To make our country what
it ought to be we must have a protective tariff
in order to build up manufactories so as to con-
sume our own agricultural products and put a
