3706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
act-in 1846, and if lie votes the other way now
it is not that he has the least doubt that the act
of mutilation was utterly void.
Now, Mr. President, to show how this sub-
ject was viewed by the great patriots of the day
when this capital was fixed permanently in this
District, I wish to read a short extract from the
speech of the President of the United States on
the opening of Congress in 1800. I have here
also the proclamation of General Washington
fixing the capital at this place, showing the
great pains and the minuteness with which he
went forward in anticipation of all the evils that
might fall upon the country hereafter to point
out and fix its boundaries with that care and
that prudence that characterized him every-
where, and in all lie did. I will read the con-
gratulations of the President at that day when
this capital was fixed here to show you the gi'eat
achievement they supposed they had worked
out when they had fixed it permanently here.
On the 22d of November, 1800, the President
of the United States, Mr. John Adams, in his
speech at the opening of Congress, said:
" I congratulate the people of the United States on
the assembling of Congress at the permanent seat of
their Government; and I congratulate you, gentle-
men, on the prospeet of a residence not to be changed."
It was to be a permanent seat of Government
and a residence not to be changed. That was
the idea that the President of the United States
had after all the conflict of that day in fixing
this site for the capital. He congratutates Con-
gress upon the fact that at last they had found
a home; they had found a place where they
could be, as it were, under their own vine and
fig-tree, undisturbed by local legislatures or
anything else.
"It is with you, gentlemen, to consider whether the
local powers over the District of Columbia, vested by
the Constitution in the Congress of the United States,
shall bo immediately exercised. If, in your opinion,
this important trust ought now to bo executed, you
cannot fail, while performing if, to take into view
the futuro probable situation of the territory for the
happiness of which you are about to provide. You
will consider it as the capital of a great nation, ad-
vancing with unexampled rapidity in arts, in com-
merce, in wealth, and in population; and pos^bssing
within itself those resources which, if not thrown
away or lamentably misdirected, will secure to it a
long course of prosperity and self-government."
The House of Representatives, in answer to
that congratulation, responded in like terms.
I need not road them. I need not read the
proclamation of Washington establishing the
seat of Government here. I know, sir, that
we have done a great wrong. We have muti-
lated this capital that was the hope and desire
of our fathers; we have suffered the enemy to
approach to its very doors and threaten us any
day by a fortification on Arlington heights that
will overshadow your capital and threaten us
perpetually, and will falsify the hopes of the
fathers that we had established ourselves where
no local interference could disturb us.
Sir, was that act of retrocession constitu-
tional? 1 need not argue that question. Was
there a statesman at the time the act was passed
who came forward and said that what he was
doing was constitutional? How have courts
and lawyers and everybody else treated it since;
and why? I need not argue it. You will see,
if you go minutely into it, that the cession of
this District was made originally by two States
as a contemporaneous act, concurring in the
same thing; for the act of cession of Maryland
and the act of cession of Virginia were in the
same language and at the same time, and made
for the identical purpose of complying with the
constitutional provision that enabled Congress
to accept from the States a certain territory,
not exceeding ten miles square, to be the cap-
ital of the nation, and to have jurisdiction over
it in all cases whatsoever. In words the most
ample that the English language conld supply
the Constitution conferred upon Congress juris-
diction forever "in all cases whatsoever," dis-
severing this District from the States to which
it formerly belonged as perfectly as it could be
done by human language; and when you make
a retrocession of it you can make it just as well
to the State of Ohio or Rhode Island as to
Maryland or "Virginia. All claim to it on the
part of the States was gone. No lurking inter-
est remained that would suffer them to come in
and claim anything from it, but it was under
the entire control and jurisdiction of the Gen-
eral Government in all cases whatsoever, and
it was forever to remain there.
Now, sir, if these -two States concurred in
this grant, in one grand act, could one of them,
without the consent of the other, receive back
the grant? Could anything less than they who
were authorized to make the original cession
rescind and annul that cession? Is it not a
general principle of law, that it takes the same
power to undo and annul a contract or a ces-
sion tliat it does to make it? Can one do it
without the consent of the other? Was Mary-
land consulted on the subject of this retroces-
sion to Virginia? Would not Maryland, had
she been consulted, have said, " We made our
cession upon the faith that Virginia had made
hers, and both together granted such a site as
we deemed proper for the capital of the na-
tion ?'' Could one dissever it without the other ?
I say to you, no, sir; you could not do it with-
out reversing every principle of law with which
I am conversant. There is the reason going
to the very root of the matter and showing that
you only half did the work when you undertook
to steal from the capital half of its territory.
Virginia, rebellious, always ready and prompt
to agree to undo all that the fathers had done,
was willing at once to take back the cession.
Mr. HOWE. "Barkis is willin'."
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; Barkis was willing.
They were willing te take back the cession, if
it could be made; but they were not willing to
consent that loyal Maryland should say whether
she who had concurred in the original design
wpuld consent that the retrocession should be
made. She was not consulted at all; and
therefore, for that, if for no other reason, your
pretended retrocession was void, was a fraud.
upon one of the parties, and could not have
been done.
Again, sir, how did you undertake to do it.
I agree entirely with the Senators who have
raised the constitutional question that a sov-
ereign power cannot part with a sovereignty
and transfer it to anybody. It cannot be dele-
gated. That is the language of the law. This
power cannot be delegated. It is a matter of
confidence between the people and their rep-
resentatives, and is not to be farmed out to any-
body for any consideration whatever; and so
the courts have decided as often as the question
has arisen in the courts. What did they attempt
to do here? The Senator from New York and
the Senator from Nevada have interposed ar-
guments that never can be met before any judi-
cial tribunal in the world, because, first, they
are founded in the reason of the thing, and sec-
ondly, upon a line of precedents unbroken from
the foundation of the common law. Here was
an attempt by a partisan Congress to cede, to
give away, one half of the territory which had
been acquired with so much care, so much cir-
cumspection, so much spirit of compromise in
the fathers, without any ceremony, if the people
on the other side would barely vote to take it.
Why did you not consult all the people if you
were going to consult anybody ? Had the peo-
ple on the V irginia side belonging to the District
of Columbia any more right to speak on this
subject than the people on this side of the
Potomac ? Were they not all one people com-
bined for this purpose under the jurisdiction
of the Government of the United States?
Mr. STEWART. Had those people any
better right to determine the question than
all the people of the United States ?
Mr. WADE. No, sir; no better right than
all the people of the United States or any of
the people of the United States ; but it was an
utter absurdity to have an election of the peo-
ple of the District and consult them to see
where they would go, and leave them with a
sovereign power, legislating and determining
this great question by a vote of the people—an
act as transitory as a flash of lightning, where
no record is to be left, no track to be followed
up. You do not know to-day whether the
ballot-boxes were stuffed or whether the vote
was legal'or illegal. It is not in this transient
way that jurisdictions over peoples are to bp
transferred. Sir, you would hardly sell a horse
on such a contract as that; and yet your idea
is that you may transfer, not only your juris-
diction over a territory given you, but give
away the people with it as though they were
dumb beasts subject to be sold from one juris-
diction to another. Sir, that is not an Amer-
ican idea. It may do in a despotism ; but cer-
tainly nothing less than the sovereign power
of the United States was necessary to make
the transfer of .the free people of the United
States, if anybody could do it. I have argued
and attempted to show that it could not be
done, especially that it could not be done with-
out the concurrence of all that combined to do
the act, and yet Congress undertook to single
out a portion of the people of the District and
say, "We will vote away the sovereignty of
this Government that was conferred by all the
States under the Constitution, and we leave it
to a town meeting to say whether all this shall
be annulled." The absurdity is most apparent.
No statesman ever dreamed of such a power,
and if such a power exists, you hold your lib-
erties upon a more feeble tenure than we ever
supposed.
Mr. President, I am in earnest upon this
subject because 1 am impressed with its tran-
scendent importance. It is not like much of
our legislation, a matter of a day or an hour.
While we are gradually preparing this great
capital to be the magnificent city of the world,
where freedom and new forms of government
shall be held up as a beacon light to entice the
whole world to abandon the absurdity of their
old Governments and come over to us, while
we are preparing in this magnificent city to
raise a Capitol commensurate with the grow-
ing greatness and grandeur of this great peo-
ple, we are suffering the old disloyal statesmen
of old Virgiuia, backed by a few of their cop-
perhead associates over there, to take it all
away. It will not do, sir. We are bound to
undo what they have so ignominiously done.
I wonder that the statesmen of Virginia had
not more reverence for the great men of the
preceding age, who, in view of the growing
greatness and glory of this nation, had laid the
foundation for the magnificence of its capital
commensurate with all that it was to be here-
after, than to throw it away as a thing unwor-
thy to be taken. They had no right to do it.
'The law of 1846, for the reasons that I and
other Senators have given, is utterly void. It
was a nefarious attempt, not only to give away
the magnificence of your capital and to give
away its power of defense against an enemy,
but it was a mean and contemptible attempt
to mutilate and destroy that which the great
statesmen of Virginia had contended for so
so long and so earnestly. The act was void.
Everybody adjudges it to be void, except my
colleague on the committee, the Senator from
Missouri, who thinks that it was undoubtedly
and unquestionably one of the best acts that
was ever established in the world. Sir, there
is no question that it was a mere abortion, and
would not stand the investigation of a court or
a jury or a legislative body for a moment.
The Senator says, then why not go to law
about it? Why not turn around to your courts?
Sir, what kind of courts have we had ? Dred
Scott decision courts ; courts in which justice
was a mockery and freedom a burlesque till
the present time, or nearly till the present
time. In ancient times who would have thought
of bringing such a question as this, which was
devised and born in sin and iniquity, born of
that spirit of disloyalty that has spread over
the southern land and infected all their states-
men, before a court? And yet we are asked,
why did you not do it twenty years ago? Sir,
I would prosecute the devil in his dominions
as quick as I would expect justice in such a
court as that. This is the reason why the
loyal people of this District over there have
suffered themselves to be sold out by a void
law, which is a mockery in the sight of justice
