1866.
the commsmomm'^h
An additional estimate is therefore submitted for the
construction of such a building as will supply the
facilities for executing tb id important work in art
economical and expeditious manner.
" Receiving store.—This buildinghas'oeen authorized
and is m rapid progress; but owing to the groat ad-
vance in the cost of materials and labor since the es-
timate was made, as well as from the fact that a portion
of the site has proved of such a character as to require
heavy piling, it becomcs necessary to ask for an ad-
ditional appropriation. An estimate is therefore
submitted." "* * •***
, Office by,Udiwj.—The ofSce accommodations are en-
tirely insufficient for the large number of officers now
attached to this yard; they are inconveniently ar-
ranged, having been increased from time to time to
meet the wants of the yard. It is proposed to erect
a 'building for the purpose, so arranged that those
officers having frequent business together may be
located near to each other. The building is much
needed, and an estimate is therefore submitted.
" Officers' hoxises.—'This yard is also deficientin quar-
ters for the officers on duty; their presence is olten
required at night, and it is deemed important that
they should be provided with houses in the yard, so
that their services may be always available. An
estimate is submitted for such houses as are necessary
feo supply deficiencies."
There is the whole of it; and I am quite
willing to leave the committee to decide upon
tlie question.
Mr. CHANLER. I -wish to inquire of my
colleague whether this document he lias just
been reading was committed to him by the
Secretary of the Navy to communicate to the
House, or whether it is merely at his own option
that he has presented it, or was itgiven to him to
communicate to the country through his paper?
I understood him to say, when he had an
opportunity, through the kindness of the chair-
man of a certain committee, that he did not
want at any time, and was unaware of any oc-
casion when he could be in any especial com-
bination or alliance with myself; and he rather
insinuated that that sort of thing was not pos-
sible. I only want to give the gentleman an
opportunity of withdrawing from his present
position, for if he is advocating this appropri-
ation because of its merits, he and myself are
on the same side. I call his attention to the
fact that the insinuation applies just as well to
this case as it did to the question of lands in
the South, when a matter was in his hands and
he was expected to advocate an amendment
which General Sherman's letter to the Presi-
dent was expected to aid him in advocating.
I make this statement upon information ; I do
not know anything about it myself. I call the
attention of the House to the fact that circum-
stances may occur under which I may be found
in very bad company.
Mr. RAYMOND. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BERGEN. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. The question arises whether
navy-yards aro-necessary at all. According to
the argument of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburnf.,] the country should have
no navy-yards. But if navy-yards arc neces-
sary, let us make the appropriations which are
required to make such improvements as the
exigencies of the age demand. If the Gov-
ernment intends to build its own vessels in the
public yards, then it is necessary that they
should erect the necessary means, shops and
buildings. They must cither do that, or aban-
don the building of vessels in the public yards,
and resort to the ship-yards of private individ-
uals. If gentlemen desire to be so very eco-
nomical, they better introduce a bill to sell all
our navy-vards, and abandon altogether the
idea of building vessels at the public expense.
So far as the city of Brooklyn is concerned,
I have no doubt it'would be to her interest to
have this navy-yard closed. But that would |
not be to the interest of the Government. It i
is to the interest of the Government, to put in j
that yard all that is necessary to carry on the !
business it desires to carry on there.^ I hope, i
therefore, that this appropriation will not be j
stricken out, as these buildings _ have been '
erected at a great expense, and this appropri-
ation is ncccssarv to complete them, and make
them such as will enable the Government to
carry on its business properly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I Ivad supposed, when
this bill was under consideration a few days
ago, that we then adopted a policy which wat
to be carried out in respect to all appropria;
tions in this bill. And if the arguments of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] and the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
are worth anything, they are as forcible in favor
of the appropriation for the purchase of Sea-
vey's Island as they are in favor of the appro;
priations forthe machines, shops, buildings,and
other materials in the New York navy-yard. Let
me suggest to those gentlemen that during the
pendency of the war the Government found it
necessary to rent a portion of Seavey's Tsland;
and they sent down there over one hnndr'ed ma-
rines, for whom they put up barracks upon the
island, for the defense of the inner harbor of
Portsmouth. And- the Government is at this
day paying a rent for that portion of the island.
And the Secretary of the Navy tells us in his
report that the inner harbor of Portsmouth can-
not be maintained against an enemy without
Seavey's Island and fortifications put upon it
for that purpose.
Thegentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassojt] also
tells us that New York is the great commercial
center of this country, and therefore the navy-
yard at New York should be maintained, and
made a first-class navy-yard. Now, in case of
a war, I apprehend that the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth would have to protect as extended a
coast as the navy-yard at New York. And the
work of the Navy, according to the report of
the Secretary of the Navy, is done more cheaply
at the Portsmouth navy-yard than it is done at
the New York navy-yard; so that every argu-
ment which holds in favor of this appropriation
for the New York navy-yard would hold good
in favor of the appropriation for the navy-yard
at Portsmouth.
But the gentleman is opposed to that appro-
priation ; and why? Simply because he doesnot
understand the wants of that yard as well as he
seems to understand the wants of the New York
navy-yard. Now, I believe that all the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, with a single exception,
were in iavor of the appropriation of $105,000
for the purchase of Seavey' s 1 sland. 1 believe
also that every member of this House from the
States of Maine and New Hampshire who are
familiar with the wants of that yard are in favor
of that appropriation. But the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymond] said that he had
some doubt about the propriety of the appro-
priation, and therefore he voted against it. Now,
if we are to vote on our doubts, when those
doubts have no foundation in fact, we might
vote against all appropriations. I have serious
doubts about the propriety of this appropriation
for the New York navy-yard, and having those
doubts. 1 shall bo obliged to vote against it.
Mr. BERGEN withdrew his amendment to
the amendment,.
Mr. DAVIS. T renew the amendment to the
amendment. I desire in all matters of legisla-
tion of this character to act with prudence and
judgment. I have thought sometimes that while
we are claiming t,o favor a system of economy, ]
the result is that it is false economy we are fa- j
voring. But we should lay aside our prejudices j
in this matter, and try to understand, if we can, j
what appropriations are rSftlly necessary and
what appropriations may be'dispensed with.
Now, sir, we are told that large amounts of
money have already been expended in the con-
struction of these works at the Brooklyn navy-
>dMr. WARHBURNE, of Illinois. The last
Congress, if I am not mistaken, made an appro-
priation of SI 50.000 for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, those appropriations,
whatever they were, have been expended ; a.nd
although the war is over, although gentlemen
may think that further appropriations for con-
struction are unnecessary, 1 ask them to con-
sider whether it is wise or expedient for us to
allow constructions already commenced to go
to rain ; or whether it would not be wiser, now
when the war is over, when the burdens of tax-
ation are being reduced, to go on and put those
works in such a state as to furnish adequate
facilities whenever the changed condition of
bin* affaftra shall- require'thefti'1' -Th'e- war in
which we have .lately been engaged is dtBtJ
yet I fear" that the legislation which" is "being
enacted by tins Congress may yet'invite for-
eign interfereiice and a foreign'war.*' 'Sir, *1 "for
one wish to he ready when fever that lionr "shaft
come"; • for come when it may,'I shall stand' by
the flag of my country. ,
_ Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, this' appropriai
tion is defended simply upon the ground ofibei
necessity of the case. Now, it appears by the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, which, bal
been read by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Raymond,] -t.hat the appropriation's - al-
ready made for this work are partially expended:
and it is urged, that in order to render effectnsl
a former appropriation of $100,000 or $150,000
partially expended, it is necessary now to ap-
propriate $489,000.
It does not appear from the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy how much has been expended;
while it does appear that the second item,-
$191,000 for a machine shop, is altogether new
work. So that we are called upon to. appro-
priate the very handsome sum of half a million
dollars simply for a building; and when we
get down,still further, we find almost two hun-
dred thousand dollars more for machinery for
that building. I hope the committee will pause
before voting for this appropriation.
Mr. vSTEVENS. I move, for th^ purpose
of closing debate, that the committee rise...
Sir. KASSON. I ask the gentleman to withr,
draw that motion for a single moment, that I
may say a word in reply to the gentleman front,
New Hampshire, [Mr. Pattebson,] to correct
a mistake of fact,. ;
Mr. STEVENS. I must insist on my motion.
The gentleman and myself have both had our
full share in the discussion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration'
the Union generally, and particularly the bill
(H. R. No. 122) making appropriations forthe
naval service for the year ending 30th June,
1807, had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
again resolves itself into the Committee ofthe*
Whole on the state of the Union on this bill
all debate upon the j'Cnding paragraph and
the amendments thereto shall terminate in two,
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that thellouse again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on"
the state of the Union on the naval appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House'
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
resumed the consideration ofthe special order,
the bill (H. R. JSFo. 122) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th
June, 1867.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, Kittery is
responsible for a good deal of trouble about all
these navy-yards, I find. Even for Kittery we
appropriated for iron foundery, for shop, for
iron-cladding, for condensers, for road and tim-
ber slips, and for various other things, a great
many thousand dollars. E"or all the work which
needed to be completed appropriations were
made.
There should be no confusion as to the facts.
A machine shop in New York has been com-
menced and is designed to be completed, and it
is so certified by the report of the Secretary of
the Navy. We have appropriated for it, I think,
for two or three years already, and it will be
ready with this appropriation, for work.
If there be works which are not commenced
lot them be stricken out—the committee desire
it; but let no work go to wreck which has been
already commenced. That is all I have to say.
The CHAIRMAN. Pebate on the para-
graph by order of the House is now closed.
Mr. SCALDING. I-want to moveapro forma.
amendment in order to say a few words.
