1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3707
and liberty. They knew they could not appeal
to any court that would uphold them. Your
court that decided the case of Dred Scott, a
court under the domination of a narrow parti-
sanism that forbade any man to rfeek justice
at their hands—you ask me why they did not
seek it there. Sir, it was not necessary that
they should do so. This act was done in defi-
ance of justice, right, and liberty, and in favor
of secession and revolution. It must be-un-
done. This magnificent capital, which was
providently fixed and provided for us that we
and those who shall come after us may rest
secure from all outward oppression or inter-
ference, must not be granted away, must not
be mutilated, must not be handed over to any
other jurisdiction. The majesty and the dig-
nity of Congress require that we, the defenders
of our own capital and of our own legislative
Hall, shall not hand it over to be settled by
courts anywhere. It is undignified and wrong.
If Congress heretofore has passed an uncon-
stitutional law, we will wipe it out, and let
those who oppose our act go to court, after we
have put those affected by it right, and not
leave them with this burden of sin upon them
to overcome in order to get into court. Let
us sweep it away, and then let those who op-
pose our action prosecute in the courts.
Now, sir, I hope Congress will vindicate its
own jurisdiction. I hope it will vindicate the
providence of our ancestors. I hope that we
shall not fail, so far as legislation is concerned,
to put these most wronged and injured people
back into the condition in which they were
before they were sold out by secession and re-
bellion. We owe it to them to do so. If there
are any Union men there who were opposed to
the secession of that State, and if we, the Con-
gress of the United States, have brought this
trouble upon them without their fault, should
not a better Congress in a more enlightened
age remove this act from them ? Then if those
who oppose the repeal wish to litigate the ques-
tion before the judicial tribunals, let them do
so ; but let us reinstate the people there in the
same condition that they were in before the act
of retrocession was passed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is
always to be regretted that in the discussion
ofquestionsinvolvingprinciplesoflaw, whether
that discussion takes place in courts of justice
or ia legislative bodies, feeling should become
excited and passion engendered. Such ques-
tions ought always to be approached in calm-
ness and coolness of mind, and all extraneous
influences and considerations should be avoided
in the discussion. In a discussion of this kind,
which involves principles and interests of some
magnitude, it is proper that we should bend our
minds to the proper considerations which ne-
cessarily arise in it. In the discussion of this
question, whether it is proper, in the first place,
to repeal the act of 18413 rctroceding a portion
of the District of Columbia to the State of Vir-
ginia. and in the second place, whether we
have the power to do it, almost every subject
has been brought m. We have been told that
the object of procuring the act of retrocession
was to set on foot this great rebellion, as it is
called; that it was with the design to kindle
up the flames of war,; that twenty years and a
day ago the people of Virginia and the people
of the South were meditating the destruction
of this great Government, and that more effect-
ually to accomplish their purposes they pro-
cured from Congress the passage of an act
retroeeding about five miles extent of territory
on the opposite shore of Virginia.
Mr. President, are great civil wars, are great
rebellions which are to convulse a whole land,
started by instrumentalities so feeble, so ineffi-
cient as that? Is it possible that a cool mind
can believe that twenty years ago there were
plotters throughout the southern States to
destroy the fabric of this Government, and
that in their cogitations, with all their wisdom
as statesmen, they could devise no better or
more efficient instrumentality as a beginning
in the work of mischief than to pass a retro-
cession of a few acres of land on the opposite
side of the Potomac ? Why, sir, twenty years
ago I do not suppose there was a man in the
State of Virginia that dreamed of anything like
a disruption of the Union or that desired it.
Virginia—noble, ancient, glorious Virginia—
glorious in her ruins, glorious in her historic
fame, glorious in the illustrious names that
adorn her annals, glorious in the work which
her statesmen did in laying the deep founda-
tions of the Republic, covered all over with
the glory of revolutionary times—she plotting
the destruction of that temple of liberty which
her own sons reared!
. Sir, I approve not the action of the State of
Virginia when she attempted to secede from
the Federal Union; I indorse no such action
as that; but even now her sons may look upon
her wasted fields, upon her ruined and dilapi-
dated houses, and they may feel proud that
they had their birth-place on a soil consecrated
to freedom and a soil which gave birth to the
noblest spirits that ever adorned the annals of
American history. While the name of Wash-
ington shall endure, while Madison shall be
rememberedj while the name of the author of
the Declaration of Independence shall be cher-
ished, and while the other worthy names which
have adorned the annals of that State and
illustrated' its history shall be remembered,
the sons of Virginia may feel a noble pride
that they are the inheritors of their fame and
that Providence has vouchsafed to them the
blessing to be born on the same soil.
Sir, tiventy years ago Virginia contemplated
no such movement as that of secession or revo-
lution. When, in 1832, a sister State attempted,
not to secede, but to annul an act of the Fed-
eral Government, who sent the messenger of
peace? Whose son was deputized to go down
to the refractory State and act as mediator be-
tween the Federal Government and that State?
It was then that the statesmen of Virginia, ar-
dent in their attachment to the Federal Union,
devoted to the cause and to the principles of
constitutional liberty, sent a Lee and said to
South Carolina, Stay your hand ; attemptnot
that which may engender strife and lead to
war." She was the State that said, " Let there
be peace." And when the madness and the
folly of fanaticism, when the fell demon of
abolitionism had again brought this country to
the verge of destruction, and when maddened
men in the North and maddened men in the
South were cooperating together for the accom-
plishment of a common purpose, the dissolu-
tion of the Union, it was then that Virginia
again, through the action of her noble states-
men, said, " Lot there be no strife between us,
for we are all brethren;" and, after having first
invited the other States of the Union to meet
in this capital in a peace convention, she sent
her noblest men here to save your Federal
Union, to act in conjunction with patriotic men
from every State of the Union. It was no fault
of hers that war came. It was no fault of hers
that constitutional liberty was broken down in
this country. It was no fault of hers that war
raged through the South. From the very foun-
dations of your Government—ay, sir, before
the foundations ol' your Government were laid
—to the time when the fatal step of secession
was taken, the example of that noble old Com-
monwealth was an example worthy of the imi-
tation of all her sister States, and her states-
men stood a head and shoulders above the
statesmen of any other State in this Union.
And now that the foot of power grinds her to
the dust, now that her sons are denied a repre-
sentative upon this floor, now that her people
have no one here to plead her cause or to as-
sert her rights, it becomes those who admire
her noble history and the glorious example
which she has given to her sister States to stand
up and defend her character when assailed.
But, sir, I did not intend to go into any eulo-
g-ium upon the character of the State of ir-
ginia. Whatever of political science I have j
learned, whatever of the true principles of con- |j
stitutional libertv I have learned. I have learned 11
from the writings and the teachings of the states-
men of Virginia. Her noble doctrine of State
rights, now derided, is a glorious heritage which,
her early statesmen left to the present times.
He who studies the principles of constitutional
law aright, and who studies the principles in
which the foundations of this Government were
laid correctly, will recur, in all after time, to
the sages of Virginia for proper enlightenment
and proper instruction.
Mr. President, two questions naturally arise
in the consideration of this subject.. One is,
is there any necessity for the i'epeal of this act?
That is independent of all questions of the con-
stitutionality of the act retroeeding a portion
of the District of Columbia to tlie State of Vir-
ginia. Has the Federal Government any use
for that portion of what formerly .belonged to
the District of Columbia lying south of the
Potomac ? I have not heard what use they are
going to make of it. They do not want it for
the purpose of erecting any public buildings
upon it. When they get it they do not pro-
pose to do a thing with it. except, I suppose,
to give it the benefit of congressional legisla-
tion. From such benefits, good Lord deliver
them! It is not contended that that portion
of the District of Columbia which is still re-
tained under the control of Congress is not
sufficient for all the purposes of the national
Government.
But it is said there are patriots over there
who, with longing eyes, are looking to you as
their deliverers from the oppression under which
they groan by the action of the authorities of
Virginia. I hope they are all patriots. Those
who were not secessionists I hope are patriots
now, although there is many a man who did
not go into secession who is as big a traitor as
those who did. Those who cooperated with
them by their legislative action, by their polit-
ical jetion, and did that which necessarily led
to the same result, are in the same category
with them. If there are any there who were
secessionists, I think they have got a lesson
they will never forget. I think they will never
try that game any more. I think they are about
as well reconstructed as you can possibly recon-
struct men. I have seen no evidence in Vir-
ginia or elsewhere of any disposition on the
part of the people again to attempt any oppo-
sition to any rightful Federal authority. 1 be-
lieve that you might remove every soldier out
of the southern States to-day and there would
not be a disturbance of the public peace, with
the exception of those casual disturbances which
occur everywhere. No, sir; that is not the
spirit of the people of Alexandria: nor is it
the spirit of the people of the South. When
the southern people said, "We submit to the
arbitrament of the sword ; we struggled for the
accomplishment of a purpose, and we liav6
failed; you have been too strong for us on the
field of battle ; we give our word of honor that
wc shall not renew this contest; that in future
we will obey the laws of the Federal Govern-
ment, and support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States," i want no oaths from them; I
want no other security. I know their high
character as men of honor, and that is all the
security that I want.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator if he
remembers the speech that lie made at the be-
ginning of the war in which he assured tlie Sen-
ate and the country that the war was not waged
for peace; that the South never would surren-
der to our arms ; and that the only way to secure
peace was by concession and compromise and
kindness. That the war would prove a failure
was the language of the Senator, if I rceollect
aright.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very glad the
Senator from Kansas has reminded me of what
I said in the commencement of this war. I
have said a great many good things which t
had forgot'en. and that is one of them.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I understand the Senator
to say now that the war did produce the very
result which he said then it would not produce.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did say that war was
