mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
: The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not now in
order.
The question recurred on Mr. Gbixnell s
amendment.
The committee divided ; and there were—
pes 45, noes 43 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. \V ash-
puiine of Illinois, and. Bergen, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 46.
xlie Clerk read, as follows:
,For machine shop, boiler wing, §191,480.
.* Mr. PIKE moved to strike the appropriation
ant.
Th.e amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For iron-plating shop, $98,922.
Mr.' SPALDING moved to strike the appro-
priation out.
The committee divided ; and they were—ayes
52, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For quay-wall extension at derrick,$100,000.
•Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike the appropriation out.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 41, noes 46.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spalding
and Conkling were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For quay-wall extension at sewer, $100,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved that the appropri-
ation be stricken out.
The committee divided; and there were—
aves forty-four; noes not counted.
"Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Benjamin
and Warner were appointed.
Mr. KASSON. There is no more reason
for striking out this appropriation than for any
of the others, but I suppose the vote will be the
same; and i hope that there will be no divi-
sion, but that the amendment will be consid-
ered as adopted, and go to the House with the
other amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the amendment will be considered as
adopted.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For dredging channels, $05,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the appropriation be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS moved to amend so as to appro-
priate $80,000 for filling the channel up.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment
was not in order.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For filling low places on new purchase, $100,000.
Mr. ROSS moved to strike the appropria-
tion out.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows :
For machinery for new machine shop, boiler shop,
pattern shop, andsmithery, $180,000.
_ Mr. SPALDING moved that the appropria-
tion be stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For the purchase of the ituggles property, $90,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the appropriation be stricken out.
Mr. J. HUMPHREY. I rise to oppose the
motion to strike out this item. In regard to this
property there are certain reasons whv it should
not be stricken out, and I think they ought to
be conclusive. I have examined the property
and thoroughly understand it. It is a piece of j
pi-operty which it is of the utmost importance j
that the Government should be possessed of. ;
It is now under lease. The former owner of the j
property bought from the State of New York 1
a grant to build out seven hundred feet into '
the channel. After the work commenced,_ the ,
Government obtained a preliminary injunction, j
That suit is now in progress, and it is doubtful j
how it may terminate. If it should terminate !
in favor of the former owner or his estate—for j
he is now deceased, and his heirs are carrying j
on the litigation—it would almost entirely de-
stroy the yard. At the time that Mr. Ruggles,
the former owner, lived, holding this claim, he
asked the General Government something like
four or five hundred thousand dollars for the
property. Since his death his heirs have_agreed
that they would sell it at an appraisal which was
made at $90,000, provided an appropriation
was made for it during the present session of
Congress. That also terminates the law suit.
The property itself contains a portion of the
very best water-front on the yard. It is worth
more than the $90,000 asked for it. The gas-
houses adjoining it will give more than that if
this appropriation is not made, and there is
thus a forfeiture of the contract. Now, if this
sort of economy, which is held out in the House
by the gentlemen from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
bukne] and others, is to prevail, this appropria-
tion may be stricken out; but it is a sort of
economy which nogentleman will practice in his
private affairs, and no man of business in any
matter of which he has charge.
The report made by Admiral Smith—if I had
time I would like to read it—contained in the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, as well as
that of the chief paymaster of the Navy, who
is now using these buildings, states that this
property is very necessary to the navy-yard.
Now, if this item is stricken out, the property
will pass from the possession of the United
States Government, and it will prove a detri-
ment to the yard of more than ten times the
amount of the appropriation proposed.
Mr. BERGEN. 1 have made some inquiry
in relation to this property. When I first saw
the appropriation I was opposed to it; but on
examination of the matter again 1 have anived
at the conclusion that it is to the interest of the
Government to purchase the property. If the
navy-yard is to be continued there then the Gov-
ernment will be compelled at some time or other
to purchase it. It ought, therefore, to be pur-
chased now. The Government at this time hires
the property. It is now using it. Il has found
it necessary to rent it. Now, it is cheaper to
buy than to rent it.. We can buy it now on favor-
able terms. The former owner is dead, and it
is in the hands of the heirs. They may sell it
for division. They offer to sell now on fair
terms. If the Government neglects to buy it,
it will probably be out up into small parcels, lots
of twenty-five feet front, and instead then of
having one set of owners to deal with, we shall
have perhaps some thirty or forty, and it will
cost double or treble the amount that itjis now
proposed to pay for it. I have known instances
in that part of the country where land, under
similar circumstances, has been sold for division
and has been bought afterward for $2,000,
whereas before the division it was offered for
$300. Now the Government has an oppor-
tunity to buy this property at a fair price. It is
to its interest to a\ ail itself of this opportunity.
The Government sometimes, like individuals, is
penny wise and pound foolish. The water on this
front is deeper than on any portion of the front
of the navy-yard. It has a front of some three
hundred feet on the East river. It is necessary
for building large vessels. If it was not neces-
sary for the use of the Government, it would
not bo occupying and renting it. I hope, there-
fore, that the appropriation will not be stricken
out.
Mr. DARLING. I move to strike out the
last line. Sir. I hope the House will pause
before they strike out this appropriation. The
matter has been fully explained by ruy .col-
leagues. But there is one point I desire ,to
bring to the consideration of the House. This
property is located between the street and the
navy-yard. It is the only property not owned
by the Government between that street and
the yard. It is absolutely necessary for the
protection of our Government property that
this piece of land should belong to the United
States. In addition to that, it gives us a very
large additional water-front, not only the front
immediately on the property, but the front on
the street adjoining, which will eomeundurthe
control of the Government and can be used by
it by act of the Legislature of our State.
Now, sir, a mere appropriation of .$90,000
for a piece of property under such circum-
stances and of so much value should certainly
find favor in this House as a mere mutter of
investment, the Government getting three dol-
lars for one. It is not wasting money ; it is not
expending money that you are never going to
see again. It is money expended for the actual,
necessary uses of the Government, for the pro-
tection of its property and the convenience of
its business. I therefore hope that the com-
mittee will consent to retain this appropriation
in the bill.
Mr. PRICE. The only reply I have to make
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dar-
lixg] in reference to this matter is simply this:
that the Government of the United States is
not now in a condition financially to go into
any speculations in real estate. It will be time
enough for us to undertake a measure of that
kind when we shall have paid our honest debts
that are pressing upon us at this time.
Another consideration is that the Govern-
ment has got along without this property for the
last thirty years, and if thirty years' experience
has proven that the operations of the Navy of
the United States can be successfully carried
on without the Ruggles property, I presume
it is safe to say that for the next few jears,
until we are in a better condition financially,
we will be able to get along in the future as we
have done in the past.
Mr. BERGEN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kasson
and Alley wore appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes -4G, noes 5:3.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ,1. HUMPHREY. I move to insert after
line one hundred and sixty the following:
For protecting from destruction and decay unfin-
ished building" and structures already commenced, tor
which no appropriation is made in this bill, 5>20,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 have no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to strike out lines
one hundred and sixty-seven, one hundred and
sixty-eight, and one hundred and sixty-nine,
which are as follows:
Philadelphia :
For dredging channels, $4,028.
Mr. PIKE. T hope that will not be stricken
out. It was demonstrated in the last Congress
that, the water is very shallow in the neighbor-
hood of Philadelphia, and it is therefore ne-
cessary that this dredging should be done.
[Laughter. ]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out lines
one hundred and seventy-one and one hundred
and seventy-two, which are as follows:
For Bulkley's patent dryer, withbuildingseomplcte,
$35,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say one word
upon this subject. This is a new invention,
which has been thoroughly tested, by which it
is found that in one day you can season lum-
ber that by ordinary processes it would take
months to season. This is, perhaps, of as much
i; importance as any item in the bill. The inven-
j! tion has been fully tested at the navy-yard here,
and found to be of much service. I hope the
