1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Legislature of Minnesota for the establishment
of military posts on the northern overland mail
route from St. Cloud to Fort Walla "Walla, sub-
mitted the following report; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota tor the establishment of military posts
on the overland mail route from St. Cloud, Minnesota,
to Fort Walla Walla, Oregon, beg leave respectfully
to report:
The memorial asks for the establishment of mili-
tary posts at Fort Abererombie, Devil's Lake, at a
point between Devil's Lake and the Missouri river,
and at such other places as may be deemed neeessary
for the protection of emigrants passing over the
northern overland mail route. The committee, with
a view to obtaining exact information, transmitted
the memorial with a letter of inquiiy to thcSecretary
ot War, by whom it was referred to Lieutenant Gen-
eral Grant, who made the following indorsement
thereon:
Headquarters Army United States.
February S, 15G6.
Hcspeetfully returned to the lionoi able Secretary of
War. 1 deem itimpractieable to errant thepruyer of
this memorial at present. 1 inclose a report on the
subject from Major (Jeneral W. X. Sherman, in which
I fully concur. U. S. GRAXT,
Lieutenant General.
The report of General Sherman is as follows:
St. IiCUiS, January 23,18G6.
Coloxet, : I am this minute in receipt of the letter
of Hon. IloBKur C. Sche.nck, chairman House Com-
mittee on Military Aftairs, of January 17, indorsed
by you, covering a memorial to Congress by the State
ot Minnesota tor thcestablishtncnt of a hue of mil-
itary posts to Walla Walla, Oi egon.
1 do not think it calls lor act ion on the part of Con-
gress, nor do 1 think we can Older anything definite
xmiii Con-tre-s detci mines the militan establishment
ilnd the Lieutenant General apportions to me my
riuola.. J then propose to indicate a ioute of travel
trom rhc neighbor hood of Fort Pierce, on the Missouri,
river, but it. isjudged both impraetieable and tinne-
ccssaivto guard the whole road by costly military
posh?, but rather to confine travel to one road, and
require emigrants to go in bodies sufficient tor self-
preservation. There will be no real dangci m trav-
eling iroin Minnesota to Fort Pierce: but thence to
V nginia City some prelection will be necessary.
Were we to grant one half the requirements ot the
Territories tne national Congress would have to in-
crease the Army lar beyond any present estimate,
and the cosl would be beyond all estimate. The peo-
ple on our frontiers must eonfoim to the national in-
terest instead of loreing us to cover them in their
wandering propensities.
I am, with gieat respect,
W. T. SIIEEMAN,
Major General ('oinmandina.
Colonel T. S. Bowers, Axsi^tnnt Adjutant General,
Headquarter* of the Army, Wwihtnqtnn, J). C.
The committee, regarding the whole matter as lying
within _lbe exclusive jurisdiction and Ui -ct clion of
the military authority, and not considering any act
of legislation on the subject expedient or necessary,
ask to be discharged irom the lui ther consideration
thereof, and that the memorial be laid on the table.
XATIOXA L CEME'l'UHlr.S.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported back (lie following resolution, with
the recommendation that it do pass :
/[evolved, That thoComraittce on A ppropriations
be instructed to inquirenito the propnefyol m.iking
an appropriation to complete the work inaucinaied
by Alajoi General Thomas, commanding military
division of the, Tennessee, and other ollieers com-
manding divisions and departments throughout the.
United States, contemplating the noblo woik of dis-
intoiringimd gathering in national cemeteries the
brave soldiers who gave their lives for the salvation
ol (he I'll ion: and that the committee be empowcied
to send tot i,ci-ons and papers, and report at any
time by bill or othciwise.
The resolution was adopted.
CYJHJS LKLAND.
Mr. SCHICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred the
memoiial of Cyrus Lcland, late first lieuten-
ant in the thirtieth Kansas volunteers, praving
for relief from liability in consequence of "loss
of important papers in battle, by which he was
unable to settle hisaceounts, reported adversely
on the same. The report was ordered to be
printed, and leave was granted to the petitioner
to withdraw the papers in the ease on leaving
copies.
JOHN C007T.R.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee ori Military Affairs, to which was referred
the petition of John Cooper, and others, pray-
ing for the repeal of that portion of the internal
revenue law taxing gross receipts of turnpike
companies, was discharged from the further
consideration of the same; and it was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
JOIIN J. WALSII.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of John
J. Walsh; and the same was laid on the table,
and the report ordered to be printed.
B. BIBO.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to which was referred the petition
of B. Bibo, and others, praying for the relief
of said Bibo, who lost his arm during the war,
asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and reported the fol-
lowing resolution; which was agreed to:
Jieso/oed, That the petition of B. Bibo, and others,
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with instructions to inquire into the expediency and
propriety of such legislation as will authorize the issu-
ing of licenses to peddle and trade without charge to
such persons as were wounded or disabled while serv-
ing as soldiers in the Army of the United States in
the war for the suppression of the rebellion, and that
said committee report by bill or otherwise.
cascade HAILltOAD.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.
lOo, to grant a right of way to the Cascade rail-
road through a military reserve in Washington
Territory, with an amendment, to add the fol-
lowing proviso:
Promihd, That nothing in this act shall bo so con-
strued as to give said companies the right to occupy
lbr any purpose whatever more than sixty feet in
width on the line of said road at any point or points
where the the space or pass between river and blulf
or mountain is so narrow as not to admit of the con-
struction ot another parallel railroad or turnpike,
canal, or other public work for transportation of
freight or passengers.
The amendment was agi ced to.
The bill as amended was then read a third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message li'KOM. t11e senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed an act (S. No. 103) to reor-
ganize the judiciary of the United States.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
deficiency bill.
Jb'. A. PATTERSON.
Sir. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.117,
for Ihe relief oi E. A. Parter.'on, late captain oi'
the third Virginia cavalry, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
The Senate report was read.
Air. DA VIS. 1 ask that the bill be reported.
The bill was accordingly read. It directs
payment to Captain Patterson from November,
18(J2, the date of his commission from the Gov-
ernor of Virginia, to the date of the muster out
of his regiment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS, f understand that there are
many cases of a similar character to this, and
it seems to me that there should be some gen-
eral act which would cover all these cases. I
have myself received a number of communi-
cations on the subject, and [ have understood
that Ihe committee has had a general bill cov-
ering these cases under consideration. I would
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs if such is not the fact.
Mi'. SCHENCK. There is a general bill cov-
ering such eases ; but this ease is a little pecu-
liar in its character. This bill has passed the
Senate, and the committee recommend its pas-
sage by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that a general bill on this sub ject has passed
the House and is now pending in the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCIv. f believe such a bill was
reported by my colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] and
passed.
The SPEAKEll. That bill is still pending
in the Senate : it has not passed.
Mr. SCHENCK. This biH has passed the
Senate, and there is no objection to it.
The bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsidertbe vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA PAY TO VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which a joint resolution, an
act, and a petition were severally referred, re-
lating to the three months' pay provided for
officers who resigned at the close of the war,
reported a bill to extend the benefits of section
four of an act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1800, approved March 3, 1805; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill provides that section four of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1806," shall be so construed as to entitle
to the three months' pay proper provided for
therein all officers of volunteers below the rank
of brigadier general who were in the service
continuously, either as enlisted men or com-
missioned officers, at least two years prior to
the 19th day of April, 18G-3, and whose resig-
nations were presented and accepted, or who
were mustered out at their own request or
otherwise honorably discharged from the ser-
vice after that day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will submit a few words
in explanation of that bill. Toward the close
of the war. in 1804 and 1S05, it was found that
a large number of officers in the field, and es-
pecially of tire lower giudes, first and second
lieutenants, were resigning from sheer neces-
sity. They were not able to subsist e* en in
the field, cheap as the means of subsistence
there were. They could not make purchases
within the limits of the seat of war, outside of
commissary stores, except at a great disadvan-
tage and at large prices ; they were not able to
draw, as soldiers do, their rations, and there
was, in fact, proof before the Committee on
Military Aflairs. as I remember well, in ihe
last Congress, of a great deal of absolute des-
titution among officers of that class. I use the
word "destitution" advisedly. It is not too
strong a one to describe the condition of tilings.
In this state of affairs the last Congress pro-
vided, in order to encourage men to hold out
to the end of the war and not to resign, this as
an inducement, that those who continued in
the service to the eud should receive extra
payment to the amount of three months' com-
pensation. The provision is to be found em-
bodied in the fourth section of the act of 3d
March, 1865, providing appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending on the
30th of June, 18G6. It is in these words:
" Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That all officers
ofvolunteers now in commission, below the rank of
brigadier general, who sh-.ll continue in the militaiy
service to the ciosc of the war, shall lie entitled to
receive, upon being mustered out of said seivice,
three months' pay piox>er."
The war, so far as active operations in the
field are concerned, virtually closed with the
surieuder, first, of Eee, and afterward of other
forces, iu the month of April, After
that, there being no farther hostilities, officers,
feeling that they had virtually complied with
the expectations of the Government, in some
instances tendered their resignations volunta-
rily, but in many instances tendered their res-
ignations because they were invited by the War
Department, in two or three successive general
orders, to do so; and the construction was
afterward put upon their conduct, that, having
resigned, even when invited by the Department
to do so, they did not come within the de-
scription ofpersons entitled to the three mon'hs'
extra, pay. for the reason that if was tojicgiven
to those alone wdio staid in the service until
they were, by order of the Department, regu-
larly and formally mustered out.
