1866.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
£0$
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess,
From Chariton, Lucas county, via Garden
Grove, to Leon.
From Marshalltown, via Vienna, Wolf Grove,
Fifteen-Mile Grove, and Grundy Centre, to
New Hartford.
From Deeorah to Hesper, in Winnesheik
county.
From West Mitchell, in Mitchell county, by
Plymouth and Mason City, to Clear Lake, in
Cerro Gordo county.
From Postville, via Lybrand and Ludlow, to
Waukon, in Alamakee county.
kansas.
From Humboldt, Kansas, via Osage, Cath-
olic Mission, and Chetopa, to Fort Gibson.
From Pleasant Hill, Missouri, via Blooming
Grove, to Mound City, Kansas.
From Neosha Falis, Kansas, via Belmont,
to Syracuse, in Wilson county.
From Fort Scott, via Mill Creek, Dayton,
Mapleton, and Blue Mounds, to Garnett, tri-
weekly.
From Verdigris Falls, via Virgil, to Pleas-
ant Grove.
From Xenia to Walnut Hills.
From Council Grove to Albiline.
From Neosha Falls, via Mount Airy, to Lib-
erty, in Woodson county.
From Emporia, via Madison, Shell Rock,
Pleasant Grove, and Post Oak, to Fort Roe.
From Ottumwa, via Madison, Janesville,
Eureka, and Darley's Mills, to Salt Spring.
From Enterprise, via Ottumwa, Sac and Fox
Agency, Greenwood, Ottawa, and Paola, to
Harrisonville, Missouri.
From Council Grove to Marion Centre.
From Ottawa, via James Carroll's, Jackson
Mark's, and Mineral Point, to Burlington.
From Medina, via Oskaloosa, Winchester,
and Baston, to Leavenworth.
From Lawrence, via Oskaloosa, to Grass-
hopper Falls.
From Perryville, (located on the route of
the.lJnion Pacific railroad,) via Oskaloosa and
Easton, to Leavenworth.
maine.
From Porter, via North Parsonfield, Par-
sonfield, and North Newfield, to West New-
field, in York county.
From North Acton, Maine, via Wakefield,
to Union, New Hampshire.
From Woodman's Station, via New Glou-
cester and West Gloucester, to North Ray-
mond, in Cumberland county.
From Poland to West Poland, in Andros-
coggin county.
massachusetts.
From North Falmouth, by Hatchville and
East Falmouth, to Waquoit.
michigan.
From Coopersville to Squire's Ferry.
From Coopersville, via Mansfield Mills,
Ravenna, Slocum's Grove, Whitney's Mill,
and Moreland, to Squire's Ferry.
minnesota.
From Paynesville, by Norway Lake, to Six-
mile Timber, on Chippeway river.
From Hastings, via Cannon Falls, to Ken-
yon.
From St. Cloud to Fort Ripley, on the west
bank of the Mississippi river.
From Watertown to Glencoe.
From Blue Earth city, Minnesota, to Yank-
ton, Dakota Territory.
From Hutchinson, via Cedar, Greenleaf,
Kandigoli, and Irving, to Torah.
From Henderson, by Arlington, New Au-
■jurn, itadan Lake, and Fort Wadswortli, in
Dakota Territory, to Fort Rice on Missouri
river.
nebraska.
From WestPoint, Cumming county, to Rock
Creek, in said county, ten miles.
From Pawnee City, via Frieces Mills, Ne-
braska, to Seneca, in Kansas.
From Dakota City, via West Point, to Co-
lumbus.
From Brownsville, Nebraska, to Rockport,
Missouri.
From Big Sandy, Jones county, to Rose
Creek, Nuckolls county.
From Piattsmouth, via Glendale, South
Bend, Ashland, Salt Creek, Rock Creek, Lan-
caster, Saline City, Saltillo, Centreville, Olive
Branch, Clatona, to Beatrice.
From Piattsmouth, via 8 Mile Grove, to
Weeping Water.
From Decatur, via Logan Valley,WestPoint,
St. Charles, and Jalapa, to Fremont.
From De Soto, via Arizonia, to Decatur.
nevada.
From Carson, by way of Ophir, Washoe
City, and Steamboat Springs, to Iluffaker's
Ranch, all in Nevada.
From lone, by way of Canon City, to Aus-
tin, all in Nevada.
From Austin to Cortez, in Nevada.
From Austin, by way of Kingston, Twin
river, and San Antonio District, to Silver Peak,
all in Nevada.
From Virginia, by way of Sacramento Dis-
trict, Unionville, Star, Dunglen, and Paradise
Valley, in Nevada, to Boise City, in Idaho.
new york.
From Unadilla, in the county of Otsego,
via Sidney, Tompkins, and Masonville, to
Cannonsville, in the county of Delaware.
The road from South New Berlin, in the
county of Chenango, to Morris, in the county
of Otsego, in the State of New York, ishereby
declared to be a post road.
ohio.
From New Carlisle, via Brant, to Dayton.
oregon.
From Auburn to Clarksville.
From Dalles City, on the Columbia river, to
Umatilla, in Umatilla county.
From Umatilla, by Le Grand, in Union
county, to Baker City, in Baker county.
pennsylvania.
From Tylersporf, in Montgomery county, to
Seller's Tavern, in Bucks county.
vermont.
From i?assumpsie, via South Danville, to
Danville.
From South Danville to West Danville.
washington territory.
From Wallula, by Antoine Plants, Peru,
D'Orville Lake, and Hell Gate, to Helena,
Montana Territory.
west virginia.
Change route numbered four thousand one
hundred and twenty-five, (-1,125,) from Mid-
dletown, in Tyler county, to Ellenboro', in
Ritchie county; and route Sisterville, in Tyler
county, to Twiggs, in Pleasant county.
wisconsin.
From Watome, Waushara county, to Grand
Rapids, Wood county.
Approved, March 14, 1806.
Chap. XVII.—An Act to extend the Time for
the withdrawal of Goods for Consumption
from public Store and bonded Warehouse,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That on and after the pas-
sage of this act, and until the first day of May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, any goods,
wares, or merchandise under bond, in any pub-
lic or private bonded warehouse, upon which
the duties are unpaid, may be withdrawn for
consumption, and the bonds canceled, on pay-
ment of the duties and charges prescribed by
law; and any goods, wares, or merchandise
deposited in bond, in any public or private'
bonded warehouse, on and after the first day
of May aforesaid, and all goods, wares, or
merchandise remaining in warehouse, tinder
bond, on said first day of May, may be with-
drawn for consumption within one year from
the date of original importation, on payment
of the duties and charges to which they may be
subject by law at the time of such withdrawal;
and after the expiration of one year from the
date of original importation, and until the ex-
piration of three years from said date, any
goods, wares, or merchandise, in bond as afore-
said, may be withdrawn for consumption oil
payment of the duties assessed .on the original
entry and charges, and an additional duty of'
ten per centum of the amount of Such duties
and charges.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted, That neither
this nor any other act shall operate to prevent
the exportation of bonded goods, wares, or
merchandise from warehouse within three years
from the date of original importation, nor their
transportation in bond from the port into which
they were originally imported to any other port
or ports for the purpose of exportation ; and
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 14, 1806.
Ciiap, XVIII.—An Act to further secure Amer-
ican Citizens certain Privileges under the
Treaty of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the produce of the
forests of the State of Maine upon the Saint
John river and its tributaries, owned by Amer-
ican citizens, and sawed or hewed in the Prov-
ince of New Brunswick by American citizens,
(the same being unmanufactured in whole or
in part,) which is now admitted into the ports of
the United States free of duty, shall continue
to be so admitted under such regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall from time to
time prescribe.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effcct from and after the seven-
teenth day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Approved, March 10, 1866.
Ciiap. XIX.—An Act in- Relation to the
Court of Claims.
Beit enactedhythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the fourteenth sec-
tion of an act approved the third day of March,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
entitled "An act to amend an act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States," approved February twenty-
fourth, eighteen [hundred] and fifty-five, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed; and from
the final judgment, or decree, in all cases here-
tofore decided by the Court of Claims, of the
character mentioned in the fifth section of said
act of March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, an appeal shall be allowed to the Supreme
Court of the United States, at anytime within
ninety days after the passage of this act, except
in such cases where the amounts found due
by said court have been paid at the Treasury.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
regular session of the Court of Claims shall
hereafter commence on the first Monday of
December in each year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That at the
end of every term of the Court of Claims, the
clerk of said court transmit a copy of the de-
cisions thereof to the heads of Departments:
to the Solicitor, Comptrollers, and Auditors of
the Treasury: to the Commissioners of the Gen-
eral Land Office and of Indian Affairs; to the
chiefs of bureaus; and to other officers charged-
with adjusting claims against the United States.
Approved, March 17, 186G.
