1866.
gentleman from New York will withdraw his
motion to strike out.
Mr. CONKLING-. Everybody knows that
there is no braver man in this House than the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
and he never showed his courage more than
he does in proposing to this committee that they
shall vote money to pay for a patent right, a
new invention. Why. sir, I am perfectly aston-
ished ; after we have been striking out appro-
priations for necessary repairs, after the com-
mittee have voted over and over again to leave
buildings partially completed, which the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] says will go
to wreck and ruin, that any gentleman should
have the courage to rise here and propose that
we shall pay such a sum of money as this for
some bran-new patent right for doing some-
thing or other that has always been done in
Some other way. And I hope, upon the most
ordinary principles of consistency and economy,
such an outrage will not be committed as the
making an appropriation for this purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. We have saved enough by
Striking out appropriations for the New York
navy-yard to pay for this twenty times over.
[Laughter.]
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. CojfKLiNG, and there were, upon a divi-
sion—ayes 57, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to strike out the
following:
For repairs of all kinds, $58,-180.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
will not be stricken out. We have not struck
out appropriations for repairs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is no reason why
we ought not to strike out any.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
the clause reading "for completing saw-mill,
$25,000.'' I do not see what use there is for
a saw-mill if we dc not have a dryer. [Laugh-
ter. ]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mi'. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out this clause, in relation to the Norfolk
navy-yard:
For repairs of dry dock, masonry, and sate?;, $20,000,
And I shall move to strike out all of the part
relating to the Norfolk navy-yard, as it is read,
for the reason that I do not now want to rebuild
these navy-yards. The rebels destroyed them,
and I do not propose to rebuild them for them
perhaps to again destroy and burn them.
Mr. DAViS. I wish to ask my friend from
Illinois, [Mr, Washbiirne,] as this may have
some connection with reconstruction, if our rule
does not require it to go to the joint committee
on reconstruction without debate ? [Laughter. ]
But I wish to say that when we refuse to make
appropriations for the necessary repairs of our
navy-yards in the loyal States, 1 can see no rea-
son why we should make appropriations for
navy-yards in a foreign territory. If we are
foing to act on this system of economy, let us
O zo in our own dominions and not in our for-
eign dominions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Iaskunan-
imous consent of the committee to pass upon
the question of striking out all these items in
gross, in relation to the Norfolk navy-yard, as
they all depend upon the same principles.
Mr. KASSON. I must object to that. And
I wish to say a word on the motion to strike out
this paragraph for repairs, &e., of the Norfolk
navy-yard. That yard i s already in a condition
to be of essential service to the Government:
the Government is already using it to a con-
siderable extent. We made an appropriation
for it last year, and it is now considered by the
Navy Department of great consequence for the
economical repair and use of the Navy.' If gen-
tlemen regard it simply as an appropriation for
the benefit of certain persons residing in the
neighborhood, it is eminently proper of course
to strike it all out. If. on the contrary, they
d«sire to make the yard (ft for the economical
affibhristi'ation of the Navy Department, and
give them facilities for repairs and the neces-
sary buildings at the navy-yard, where it can be'
done cheaper than it would be to crowd all the
work in other navy-yards, then these appropria-
tion should fee retained.
So far as I know, the Committee on Appro-
priations were -perfectly unanimous in regard
to these appropriations, and they arc moderate
in compai'isdn with the magnitude 6'f the yard.
I think it would be about as appropriate, to strike
out the appropriation for any other navy-yard
as to strike out those; and it would be no more
to the detriment of an economical administra-
tion of the Navy Department. It is well known
that between New York and Pensacola thereis
but this one navy-vard, and it is of very essen-
tial importance both as a station for the Navy
and for repairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this
clause shall be stricken out by the committee,
I will then move an amendment like (ho one
moved by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
J. HtfMrar.ey, j in reference to the New York
navy-yard, making an appropriation of $20,000
to keep what Government property there is
there in repair.
The amendment of Mr. Washburn's ofllli-
nois was then agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would now sug-
gest, for tho purpose of saving time, that a vote
be taken upon all the rest of the appropriations
for the Norl'olk navy-yard, as the vote just taken
is probably a test vote.
Mr. KASSO N. I must object to that. I think
it ought not to be done, because we must make
some of (ho appropriations here named in order
to be able to continue to use tho yard as it
is now. It is the merest insanity to strike out
in this sweeping manner appropriations for
things of so much necessity for the proper
administration of (he Navy Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out the following:
For quay-wall, £15,000.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IN GERSOLL moved to strike out the
following:
For iron and copper store No. 11, $35,000.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out tho following:
For ship-joiners' shop and timber shed No. 12,
845,000.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out the following:
For furniture and galley storehouse T7o. 13, §36,000.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL mo\ed to strike out the
following:
For storehouse No. 14, $16,000.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS moved to strike out the following:
For completion of stables, $10,000.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGHRSOLL moved to strike out the
following:
For railway track and cars, $8,000.
Mr, KASSON. If it is possible for gentle-
men to pause a moment, 1 will say that this
appropriation is necessary to make the property
now there useful.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out the following:
For new dredging machine, scows, and dredging,
$45,000.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to strike out the
following:
For new shears, $30,000.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by striking out line two hundred and
eight, reading as follows:
For building for offices, §15,000.
The amendment was Sgre'ed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I" fhoVe-'ftS 'a#
striking out, in line-two hundred arid nine,
words:
For machinery and tools, $30,000.
Mr. KASSON. Th^t item, is necessary to
make effective the usual repairs at'the
The amendment was not agreed to. , . . * ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.- Imove to
atnend by striking out in line two hundrcd and
ten the words ''fifty-six " and inserting in lieu'
thereof "twenty so that the line will read*:
For repairs of all kinds, §20,000.
Mr. IvASSON. In order to show the com-
mittee the character of the yard as it now is j and
the importance of these appropriations, I will
call attention to the fact that we appropriated
last j'ear for that yard $-108,500. This shows
conclusively that there is there a very large and
valuable property, which it is our duty to make
useful to the Government; and in view of those
specific works, the appropriations for which we
have struck out, thereby rendering necessary
some additional accommodations, tlie amount
here appropriated for repairs ought not to be
struck out nor even reduced.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In my opinion, Mr.
Chairman,the Secretary of the Navy ought to be
instructed to dispose of, at public sale, all the
Government property at Norfolk not necessary
for the naval service; and that which is neces-
sary for that scrvice ought to be removed to
some other location more suitable for a navy-
yard. As I understand, that is an unhealthy
location for a navy-yard.
A Member. Unhealthy politically, especially.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 'lhe navy-yard estab-
lished there by the Government some years
since has, within the last live years, gone to
decay and ruin, simply from the unheatihhiess
of the location. I refer more especially to a
disease known as " seeesh on the brain and
it will be remembered that it attacked that navy-
yard with great violence in 1801. I think that
not a single dollar ought to be appropriated for
rebuilding that navy-yard. Let us appropriate
only the amount that may be necessary for the
removal of the Government property to a more
suitable location. It seems to me absurd to
appropriate fifty or sixty thousand dollars for
repairs at that yard. I f it is to be a navy-yard
equal to the demands of the Government, appro-
priations of three or four hundred thousand dol-
lars annually will be necessary to keep it up.
Appropriations of fifty, sixty, or seventy thou-
sand dollars are just so much thrown away, or,
in other words, given to the beneficiaries of the
Government there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw my amendment, and offer the following:
Strike out line two hundred and ten, reading: as fol-
lows: "For repairs of ail kinds, $06,000;*' and insert
the following:
For tho proteotjkm of the navy-yard at Norfolk,
$20,000, or so muck thereof as may be necessary,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to know from
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. KassosJ what
amount of money will be required to put that
navy-yard in as complete a condition as'it was
before the rebellion.
Mr. KASSON. I refer the gentleman to the
estimates of the Navy Department as the only
information that he or I can procure.
Mr. IN GEliSOLL. I want a direct answer.
I do not wish to be referred to the report of the
Secretary of the Navy. Does the gentleman
himself know?
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman will take
t-he trouble which any legislator who desires to
be well informed should take, if he will look
at the book which has been placed in his hands,
he will find that $484,500 was the amount
asked, and that we have now struck out a part
of that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me a word.
Mr. KASSON. I will if it does not come
out of my time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It shall not.
Mr. ICASSON. The gentleman can follow
me.
At the Nbrfolk navy-yard, right there at that
