1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
The object of the bill which we now propose
is to extend the provisions for the extra three
months' pay to all officers who in good faith
remained till the end of the war before asking
to be relieved from further public service, that
they might return to the pursuits of civil life ;
but limiting the application of this provision
to those who had served at least two years
prior to the lflth of April, when hostilities were
in eflect closed throughout the country. The
committee deemed this but an act, of justice to
a meritorious class of officers who, without in-
tention perhaps upon the part of the military
authorities, were actually intrapped into resign-
ing, under the impression that, according to
the true construction of the law, they were put-
ting themselves in the same position as those
mustered out by an order emanating from the
Department.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
[Air. Schexck] whether he intends to confine
the provisions of this bill to officers who did
not leave the Army till the 10th of April or
thereafter. If that is the intention, I fear that
the language of the bill will not accomplish
that end. I apprehend that the bill is liable
to misconstruction in this particular, and that
its benefits will be claimed by those who vol-
untarily resigned before the cessation of hos-
tilities. 1 desire that the phraseology may be
made a little more specilic.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I am under the impres-
sion that the language of the bill is not ambig-
uous. Let, the bill be again read:
The bill was read.
Mr. KASSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, it will
be observed that the language of the bill does
not necessarily imply that those who are to re-
ceive the benefits of the bill shall have been in
the service on the 18th day of April, 1865. The
benefits of the bill are extended to "those who
were in service continuously, either as enlisted
men or commissioned officers, at least two years
prior to the l!)th day of April, 180-3, and whoso
resignations were presented and accepted, or
who were mustered out at their ownrrequest,
or otherwise honorably discharged from service
after tiiat date."
Mr. FA HNS WORTH. 1 think that the bill
is not ambiguous in the particular suggested
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kassox,]
as it provides, 1 believe, for giving this three
months' pay proper to otiicers who were mus-
tured out aftei the 10th of April. But, Mr.
Speaker, 1 will statu my objection to this bill.
The law of last year provided that all offi-
cers below the rank of brigadier general, who
were in service when the law was passed, and
who should continue in service till the close
of the war, should receive three months' pay
proper upon being mustered out. That law
did not limit this three months' pay proper to
those officers who had been in the service hvo
years continuously, but it provided for giving
the throe months' pay proper to all who were
in service when the law passed and should con-
tinue in service till the close of the war.
Now, sir, I think that we ought to pais a law
construing that provision so as to give this pay
to all covcied by that provision who were in
service up to the lftth day of April, f-iljo. Offi-
cers and men in the Army, concurring with al-
most everybody who exercised common sense,
regarded their obligations as fulfilled when the
rebel army capitulated and surrendered. Ac-
cording to tlie uudethtaiiding of Congress itself,
the end of the war arrived when there was no
longer a rebel army to bo battled with. Sir,
in contemplation of law, as well as in fact, the
war was over the next day after the rebels iiad
capitulated: just as much so as when the other
day the President issued his proclamation de-
claring the war to be ended. If this is not so, f
would like some gentleman to tell me when the
war ceased. j
Mr. h \ WHENCE. of Ohio. The gentleman j
from Illinois [ilr. Fai;xsi\ outii] is mistaken if j
he means to say the war. in legal contempla-
tion, ceased when the la^t rebel army surren-
dered. Flagrant war, in fact, then ceased. Hut i
the war, in legal contemplation, could not cease
until so declared by the proper political de-
partment, or departments, of the Government.
This principle is perfectly well settled in the
books on international law and by the Supreme
Court. The Attorney General, in his letter oi
January 4, declared that "a state of war" still
continued. Mr. Seward, in effect, declared the
same thing in New York in his speech thereon
the 22d of February.
Mr. FARNSWOltTH. If we must wait for
the "proper political department, or depart-
ments," to declare the war ended, then the war
might be continued, in contemplation of law,
till doomsday, in consequence of a failure to
make the declaration. I hold that the war was
over, in contemplation of common sense, when
there was no longer an armed, organized body
resistingthe Union forces.
Mr. COOK. I desire to remind my col-
league [Mr. FAtivswoiiTii] that the procla-
mation of the President does not state that
the war is over or the rebellion ended in all
the States of this Union. The State of Texas
is not included at all in that proclamation.
Mr. FA HNS WORTH. Well, the President
declares that all citizens are disposed to be
loyal  
Mr. STEVENS. The proclamation states
that ten elevenths of the war have ceased, and
that one eleventh remains.
Mr. FAUNS WO RTH. Mr. Speaker, if that
be a correct conclusion, if the President be
right in that, regard, then wo ought to-pay the
officers and soldiers mustered out ten elevenths
and leave one eleventh unpaid. [Laughter.]
Now the truth is, Mr. Speaker, that the
country so understood it, the officers and sol-
diers so understood it. When Lee capitulated
and Johnston surrendered they understood that,
in the contemplation of these statutes which
provided for the payment of troops mustered
out, iVe.. the war was concluded, and then the
men who did not want to stay about garrisons,
those officers who enlisted to light and not to
hang about and draw pay, commenced resign-
ing, lor there was nothing more for them to do.
What, does the War Department but, construe
the law so as to cut off all such men from the
three months' extra pay and give it to the lazy
men who hung around and would not resign
until they were forced to be mustered out?
They construed another law singularly, and
T am glad to be assured by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs that lie proposes
to present a bill reined} ing that evil. We pro-
vided by law that the veterans should rcccivc a
certain amount of bounty, 1 think $100, if they
should serve to the end of the war. After the
war had ceased, after all active hostilities had
ceased, many who had left shops and farms at
home, applied to the War Department to be
discharged. They were for awhile discharged
with great facility, for they were not needed.
Now, the War Department construes the law so
as to cut,off these men from the unpaid install-
ment of the bounty. 1 know of several in-
stances where men received their discharges
only two or three days before the order came
to muster out the entire regiment, and they
have been cut off from the payment of some
two hundred or throe hundred dollars of bounty
as well as transportation to their homes, while
the men who were mustered out only a few days
afterward received both bounty and transpor-
tation to their homes. Still further, a great
many of tho^e regiments were mustered out
after the sun endcr of Lee, and when tbev were
mustered out they received three months' extia
pay as well as bounty, yet men belonging to the
regiments still in service discharged by order
of the War Department, who were enlisted
upon the same terms with the men who were
mustered out, were denied the payment of three
months' pay and bounty. While the War De-
partment paid men who were mustered out Inst
April, they refused to pay men who were dis-
charged 'me/ afterward.
What kind of construction of the law is that?
1 hope, therefore, the chairman of flic Commit-
tee on Military Affairs will consent to amend
his bill by striking out that portion fiifet the
officer shall be required to have served two
years, so as to put all the officers npon the
same footing.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "were" the words 11 alter
that dateso that it will read:
And whose resignations were after that 4&te pre-
sented and accepted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the words "who were in the service two years"
and" substitute for them " who were in the ser-
vice at the time of the passage of the said law,
the 8d of March, 18C5.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I understand it, the
gentleman's criticism is, that while interpreting
this law to ewe what is thought to be a wrong
construction given at the War Department, we
do injustice to a class of officers not admitted
to the benefits of that law, because we require
them to have been continuously two years in
the service, and he proposes to amend by strik-
ing out that feature, so that it shall apply to all
those who were in the scrvice at the time of the
passage of the law, which we are presenting
this declaratory law to construe; that is, the
3d of March, 18155. I have no objection to that
amendment being made. It extends the pro-
visions of the bill. It is perhaps just to put
them upon the same footing.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The con-
struction of the War Department, Mr. Speaker,
reaches two other classcs of officers as well
as those who resigned. It referred to those
who were mustered out on account of phys-
ical disability, and those who were mustered
out by the expiration of their term of service.
It reaches officers who may have been wounded
in battle and been mustered out on account
of disability.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The committee have
added the words "or otherwise honorably
discharged," so that all persons honorably
discharged comc within the construction of
the law.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman does not, understand me. lam in favor
of the bill as it is now, and am only urging
reasons for passing it.
The second class included are those mus-
tered out on the expiration of their term of
service. This includes all the veterans who
reenlisted in and who served four years.
Their time expired and they were mustered
out. They were not. asked whether they wanted
to go out or not, but were mustered out, and
the War Department says they shall not have
the three months' extra pay.
Wo have in this bill these three classes pro-
vided for: those who resigned after the close
of the war, those who were mustered out on
account of wounds, and those officers of vet-
eran regiments that were obliged to go out
after the close of the war by expiration of
term of serviee.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Farxsworth was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to bo engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly road the third time and passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the. table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTIES TO WOT/'XDED SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The Committee on Mili-
tary A flairs have instructed me to make a re-
port in reference to another construction of
law by the War Department. The committee
submit, in connection with the report, a joint
resolution ghing construction to the law in
relation to bounties payable to soldiers dis-
charged for wounds. I ask that the report be
read.
