2750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
of expensive luxury or indulgence, from which
England derives the larger part of lier revenue,
may be appropriate subjects of taxation. This
bill has kept tiicse principles in view, and though
by 110 means perfect, it is a great improvement
upon the law as it stands, and with the modi-
fications which time and experience may sug-
gest, will contribute much to wipe out an im-
mense national debt entailed upon us by treason,
rebellion, and traitors, their aiders and abet-
tors. As the people annually make their con-
tributions of national taxes let them remember
that traitors and their allies rendered them
necessary, and let them at the polls see to it
that they shall no iaore be intrusted with
political power.
I withdraw my amendment to the amend-
^.ment.
, The question being taken on the amendment
'* "Offered by Mr. Sciiesck to strike out " twenty-
cents '' on smoking-tobaceo and insert "ten
cents,'' no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chairman
appointed Messrs. Schexck and Axcoxa.
f he committee divided; and the tellers
reported—aj'ps 48, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I offer an amendment to come
in after all these paragraphs.
The CHAIRMAN. There is but one para-
graph under consideration at this time.
Mr. MYERS. Then I offer it to that. I
move to strike out the paragraph and to insert
in lieu thereof what I send to the desk.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1866, in lieu
of the duties on manufactured tobacco and cigars
now imposed by the several acts to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, there shall be
paid by the producer, owner, or holder, upon all
tobacco produced within theUuitcd States and upon
which no tax has been levied or collected, a tax of
twenty cents per pound ufion the said tobacco in the
leaf or unmanufactured; and such tax shall remain
a lien thereon and be levied and collected as pro-
vided for in this act in the ease of cotton; that
all tobacco of domestic growth shall be bonded in
Government warehouses, and shall be weighed and
marked, and o:i permits given, as in the ease of cot-
ton, may be removed from the district in which it
has been produced to any other district without pre-
payment of the tax due thereon upon the execution
ot bonds or giving security, as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury: Provided, That there
shall be an allowance or drawbaeK on all tobacco
ectual in amount to the duty paid thereon, and no
more, when exported; no drawback, however, to be
allowed for such duties if less than ten dollars.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, in the last
Congress I stood almost alone in the advocacy
of a tax such as I have proposed by this amend-
ment. In the present Congress upon my mo-
tion a resolution was adopted instructing the
Committee of Ways and Means to report upon
the expediency of such a tax. Now, sir, I
have scarcely a hope that such an amendment
will pass this House with the committee against
it, but I think it due to the manufacturers of
tobacco in the United States, who have held
conventions in all our great cities and unan-
imously asked that this tax may be made spe-
cific and uniform in order to protect the Gov-
ernment and themselves against fraud, that
their proposition shall not be passed by in
silence.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire of the gentleman whether these were
conventions of manufacturers or producers of
tobacco.
Mr. MYERS. They were conventions of the
manufacturers of tobacco. But it is no mat-
ter of whom the conventions were composed,
if the tax they propose is just and if it will
enable the Government to get as much rev-
enue as by the proposition of the committee.
Now, who is there to complain of a tax of
the kind I have suggested? Certainly the
Government should not, for by this means the
Government would reccivethe tax earlier than
in the other way: and it would receive it more
surely, because there are not half as many
avenues for fraud at the first production of the
article as there arc afterward. When it is in
the course of manufacture the tobacco goes
into the hands of thousands of operators, who
make it up in oat-of-the-way places and defraud
the Government. Besides, we shall get a
larger share of revenue in this way. Accord-
ing to statistics the production of tobacco in
this country in 1SG5 was one hundred and
, eighty-five million pounds. Deducting two
i thirds as the amount exported, the revenue
j from this source at twenty cents per pound
would be 512,000,000, or $1,000,000 more
than is received under the present mode of
taxation. The revenue commission claim that
the revenue hereafter by the present system
from tobacco will be $18,000,000 annually;
bnt that is a mere guess. I have only to say
that if we can obtain such a sum by that sys-
tem it must be upon a far greater number of
pounds of tobacco than was raised last year.
In the year 1860 there were produced in this
country four hundred million pounds of tobacco,
upon which, under the amendment I have pro-
posed, there would be obtained a revenue of
$28,000,000.
W'ho, then, will object to this species of tax?
It is said the opposition comes from the to-
bacco-growers, and on account of this interest
and the fear of seeming to levy any tax on the
producers we must desist. To a similar objee-
! tion when the cotton question was under con-
1 sideration the distinguished chairman of the
committee replied that the tax need not be
paid by the planter; the cotton may be removed
from one collection district to anotherin bond
and the duties or tax will thus be practically
paid by the purchaser. Under my amendment
j the manufacturer will virtually pay the tax on
! it when he removes it for consumption. Then
| tobacco-growers are in the ruts of usage, and
; must be educated to know their own interests.
| Nor can the consumer find fault; the duty
falls on him in either instance, and if no higher
i it is no matter to him whether it be levied be-
tween its growth and manufacture or after-
ward j but the consumer really pays much less
by this levy of twenty cents a pound on the
raw tobacco.
The revenue commission state that 42,809.18
pounds of tobacco, "at the present rate of
' excise, would return an annual revenue of
$15,736,705.'' At twenty cents per pound the
j consumers would pay but little over $8,000,000,
and even adding twenty-five per cent, for losses
in the manufacture only $12,000,000, theaddi-
, tional tax being necessary under the present
system to make up for the amounts which es-
cape the tax. The manufacturers are nearly
prostrated at present and ask for redress. The
legitimate consumption of tobacco is not more
than half what it was, Government being a loser
. equally with the honest manufacturer. The
| Louisville Board of Trade reported sales of
I but 35,112 bogheads of tobacco for the first ten
months of 1865 against 63,382 for the same
months of 1861. For the year 1865 the de-
crease in the returns of chewing-tobacco was
fifty-eight per cent., and of smoking-tobaceo
' sixty-two per cent., and all this time many thou-
sand employes have been thrown out of busi-
ness. The excise on tobacco in the leaf is
found to work well in other countries and I
hope will yet be adopted here.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the gentleman from
PennS3dvania [Mr. Myers] will not deem me
ungracious or unkind if I do not take time to
reply to what he has said. I will merely say
that I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment of Mr. Myers was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco in-
closed in a wrapper or binder, and not over three and
ahalf inches in length, themarket value ofwhich (tax
included) is not over six dollars per thousand, a tax
of two dollars per thousand; when the market value
is over six dollars and not over ten dollars per thou-
sand, (tax included,) and on cheroots, and cigars
known as short-sixes, and on any cigars made with
or without pasted or twisted heads, the market value
of which (tax included) is not over ten dollars per
thousand, a tax of four dollars per thousand.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this
paragraph so that it shall read as follows :
On cigarettes, or small ciprars, made of tobacco
inclosed in a wrapper or binder, and not over three
and a half inches in length, and oigars made with
twisted heads, the market value of which (tax in-
cluded) is notover eight dollars per thousand, a tax of
two dollars per thousand; when the market value is
over eight dollars and not over twelve dollais per
thousand, (tax included,) and on cheroots, and cigars
known as short-sixes, and on any cigars, the market
value ofwhich (tax included) is not over twelve dol-
lars per thousand, a tax of four dollars per thousand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 8CHENCK. For the paragraph as now
amended we are very thankful, so far as it goes,
because so far as it does go it rights a great
wrong. But still, as it is not sufficient for all
the purposes of justice, I will move to strike
out this paragraph as amended, and substitute
the following:
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco,
inclosed in a wrapper or binder, and not over three
and a half inches in length, and on cigars made with
twisted heads, the market value of which (exclusive
of the tax) is not over six dollars per thousand, a tax
of two dollars per thousand.
On cheroots and cigars known as short-sixes, and
cigars made with pasted heads, the market value of
which (exclusive of the tax) is not over eight dollars
per thousand, and on all cigarettes and cigars, the
market value of which (exclusive of the tax) is over
six dollars and not over twelve dollars per thousand,
a tax of four dollars per thousand.
On all cigarettes, cheroots, and cigars, the market
value of which (exclusive of the tax) is over twelve
dollars and not over twenty dollars per thousand, a
tax of ten dollars per thousand,
On all cigarettes, cheroots, and cigars, the market
value of which (exclusive of the tax) is over twonty
dollars aud not over forty dollars per thousand, a tax
of twenty dollars per thousand.
On all cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots, the market
value of which (exclusive of the tax) is over forty
dollars per thousand, a tax of forty dollars por thou-
I had the honor of having printed some time
ago an amendment to this bill, which was sub-
stantially the same as the one I have just
offered, except that I have changed the rate
and made it exclusive of the tax instead of
inclusive of it. I found that by following the
idea introduced by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and making the price ^inclusive of the
tax, it would involve us in this absurdity: for
instance, when the price of cigars is made up
by including the tax, by imposing a tax of
twenty dollars a thousand on cigars over twenty
dollars a thousand, you would include the cigars
originally costing six dollars a thousand in the
higher classes. But the whole matter is made
fair by leaving the tax entirely out of the com-
putation of the price, and making the tax rest
upon the price of the cigars exclusive of the
tax, and while the same result is arrived at
we are not involved in the absurdity I have
stated.
Now, sir, to go back to the subject and pur-
pose of this amendment generally, I might
repeat to some extent what I said before in
regard to smoking-tobaeco. It is needless,
however, to do so. It is sufficient to state that
by the existing law, putting all upon a dead
level, making all cigars pay ten dollars a thou-
sand, you have utterly crushed out the whole
western interest in the production of tobacco
and its manufacture into cigars. I live in Say-
ton, Ohio, a little city of some thirty thousand
inhabitants. Before you put your tax og. as
you have done, we were making there nine
million cheap cigars. Now we do not make
one. The whole interest lias been destroyed.
With the destruction of the interest i n the manu-
facture of these common twisted-head cigars,
the interest connected with the growth of the
tobacco has likewise been destroyed. In the
district which I represent we_ raise nearly one
half of all the tobacco raised in Ohio; and the
tobacco raised in that district, in that State, in
all the western States, in the Northwest, and
in Pennsylvania, is a tobacco from which are
manufactured cigars of this cheap character.
By imposing a level tax, putting the samo
burden upon the cheap cigars used by the poor
man as upon the finest cigar made of Connect-
icut or other leaf, you have crushed out com-
pletely the western interest; so that you are at
present getting no revenue from us, while you
are at the same time depriving our people of
the opportunity of indulging this practice, which
I do not advocate myself personally, any more
than my friend from Oregon, [Mr.- Hender-
son,] but which my people are interested in,
