310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
[March 21,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. XX.—An Act to amend an Act to ex-
tend the Charter of the President and Direct-
tors of the Fireman's Insurance Company
of Washington and Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth, and tenth sections of the act to
incorporate the president and directors of the
Firemen's Insurance Company of Washington
and Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, and which was extended by the
act approved February seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, be, and the same hereby
are, repealed; the fire companies which ex-
isted at the time of the passage of said acts,
and upon which existence said sections were
based, having ceased to exist.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
stock of said Firemen's Insurance Company
shall be issued, sold, transferred, and held in
the same manner that the same might have
been issued, sold, transferred, and held had
those sections never existed.
Approved, March 17, 1866.
Chap. XXI.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to incorporate a National Mil-
itary and Naval Asylum, for the Relief of the
totally disabled Officers and Men of the vol-
unteer Forces of the United States."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States, Secretary of War, Chief Justice
of the United States, and such other persons
as from time to time may hereafter be associ-
ated with them, according to the provisions of
thi* act, are hereby constituted and established
a board of managers of an establishment for
the care and relief of the disabled volunteers
of the United States Army, to bo known by the
name and style of "The National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers," and have per-
petual succession, with powers to take, hold,
and convey real and personal property, estab-
lish a common seal, and to sue and be sued in
courts of law and equity; and to make by-laws,
lules, and regulations for carrying on the busi-
ness and government of the asylum, and affix
penalties thereto: Provided, That such by-laws,
rules, and regulations are not inconsistent with
the laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
business of said asylum shall be managed by a
board of twelve managers, who shall elect from
their own number a president, who shall be the
chief executive officer of the board, two vice
presidents, and a secretary ; and seven of the
board, of whom the president or one of the vice
presidents shall be one, shall form a quorum
for the transaction of business at any meeting
of the board.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
board of managers shall be composed of the
President and Secretary of War and Chief Jus-
tice of the United States, ex officio, during their
terms of office, together with nine other citi-
zens of the United States, not members of Con-
gress, no two of whom shall be residents of the
same State, but who shall all be residents of
States which furnished organized bodies of sol-
diers to aid in the late war for the suppression
of the rebellion, (no person being ever eligible
who gave aid or countenance to the rebellion,)
to be selected by joint resolution of the Senate
and House of Representatives immediately after
the passage of this act. The term of office shall
be for six years, and until others are appointed
in their places, after the first election, which
shall be of three for six years, three for four
years, and three for two years, to be determined
by the order in which they shall be named in
the resolution. New elections shall be made j
by joint resolution of Congress, and vacancies 1
by death, resignation, or otherwise, to be filled
in like manner. No member of the board of
managers shall receive any compensation as
such member; but his traveling and other
actual expenses while upon the business of the
asylum may be paid. But any member of the
board having other duties connected with the
asylum may receive a reasonable compensation
therefor, to be determined by the board.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
board of managers shall have authority to pro-
cure/or early use, at suitable places, sites for
military asylums for all persons serving in the
Army of the United States at any time in the
war of the rebellion not provided for by exist-
ing laws, who have been or may hereafter be
disqualified for procuring their own mainte-
nance and support by reason of wounds re-
ceived or sickness contracted while in the line
of their duty during the present rebellion, and
to have the necessary buildings erected, hav-
ing due regard to the health of location, facility
of access, and capacity to accommodate the
persons provided for in this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That for
the establishment and support of this asylum
there shall be appropriated all stoppages or
fines adjudged against such officers and sol-
diers by sentence of court-martial or military
commission, over and above the amounts neces-
sary for the reimbursement of the Government
or of individuals; all forfeitures on account of
desertion from such service; and all moneys
due sucli deceased officers and soldiers, which
now are or may be unclaimed for three years
after the death of sucli officers and soldiers, to
be repaid upon the demand of the heirs or legal
representatives of such deceased officers or sol-
diers. And the said board of managers are
hereby authorized to receive all donations of
money or property made by any person or per-
sons tor the benefit of the asylum, and to hold
or dispose of the same for its sole and exclu-
sive use.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That the
officers of the asylum shall consist of a gov-
ernor, a deputy governor, a secretary, and a
treasurer, and such other officers as the board
of managers may deem necessary, to bo ap-
pointed from disabled officers serving as before
mentioned, and they may be appointed and
removed from time to time, as the interests of
the institution may require, by the board of
managers.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
following persons only shall be entitled to the
benefits of the asylum, and may be admitted
thereto, upon the recommendation of three of
the board of managers, namely: all officers and
soldiers who served in the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, and not provided for
by existing laws, who have been or maybe
disabled by wounds received or sickness con-
tracted in the line of their duty; and such of
these as have neither wife, child, nor parent
dependent upon them, on becoming inmates
of this asylum, or receiving relief therefrom,
shall assign thereto their pensions when re-
quired by the board of managers, during the
time they shall remain therein or receive its
benefits.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
board of managers shall make an annual report
of the condition of the asylum to Congress on
the first Monday of every January after the
passage of this act: and it shall be the duty
of the said board to examine and audit the
accounts of the treasurer and visit the asylum
quarterly.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
inmates of the asylum shall be. and they are
hereby, made subject to the Rules and Articles
of War, and will be governed thereby in the
same manner as if they were in the Army of
the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
managers of the asylum shall have power and
authority to aid persons who are entitled to its
benefits by out-door relief in such manner and
to such extent as they may deem proper, pro-
vided such relief shall not exceed the average
cost of maintaining an inmate of the asylum.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the act to which this is an amend-
ment, as provides for the establishment of a
naval in connection with a military asylum,
and go much of said act as provides that all
stoppages of fines adjudged against naval offi-
cers and seamen by sentence of courts-martial
or military commission, all forfeitures on ac-
count of desertions from the naval service,
and all moneys due to deceased naval officers
and seamen which are or may be unclaimed
for three years after the death of such officers
or seamen, shall be appropriated for the estab-
lishment of the asylum contemplated and pro-
vided for by this act and the act of which it
is amendatory, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 12. Andbeit further enacted, That all
the property of the United States now at Point
Lookout, St. Mary's county, Maryland, shall
be and become the property of the asylum so
soon as a title to the satisfaction of the board
of managers shall be made to the asylum of at
least three hundred acres of land, including
that on which said property of the United
States is now built and maintained or held.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
Congress may at any time hereafter alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, March 21, 1866.
Chap. XXII.—An Act quieting Doubts in Re-
lation to the Validity of certain Locations
of Lands in the State of Missouri, made by
Virtue of Certificates issued under the Act
of Congress of February the seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifteen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all locations of laads
in the State of Missouri, purporting to have
been made by virtue of certificates issued under
the act of Congress, approved February the sev-
enteenth, eighteen hundred and fifteen, entitled
"An act for the relief of the inhabitants of
the late county of New Madrid, in the Mis-
souri Territory, who suffered by earthquakes,"
which are invalid in consequence of having
been made or loqated after the expiration of
the time specified by law for making said loca-
tions, shall be, and the same are hereby de-
clared to be, as valid, and as binding, as if the
said locations had been made and fully com-
pleted within the time prescribed by law, pro-
vided said locations shall be according to law
in all other respects; but the foregoing provis-
ions of this section shall not apply to, compre-
hend, includc, or extend to any land within
township forty-five, north of the base line, in
range seven, east of the fifth principal meridian
line in said State of Missouri.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
United States do hereby grant, relinquish, and
convey, in fee-simple, and in full property, to
James Y. 0:Carroll, or his legal representa-
tives, all of the right, title, and interest of the
United States in and to all of the land within
survey number two thousand four hundred and
ninety-eight, in township forty-five, north of
the base line in range seven east of the fifth
principal meridian line, in the State of Mis-
souri, being the same land that was located by
virtue of certificate number one hundred and
fifty, issued to the said James Y. 0'Carroll, or
his legal representatives, under the act of Con-
gress approved February the seventeenth, eight-
een hundred and fifteen, entitled "An act for
the relief of the inhabitants of the late county
of New Madrid, in the Missouri Territory, who
suffered by earthquakes:" Provided, however,
That nothing in this section shall gi'ant, relin-
quish, or convey the whole or any part of any
lot, tract, piece, or parcel of land in said town-
