THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
February 7,
unhealthy spot, at the beginning of the rebel-
lion there were about one thousand laborers,
as honest, as loyal, as devoted to the Gov-
ernment of the United States as men can be
found anywhere; and whenever they had pro-
tection against the enemy's military force, they
organized Union Lvagues* and established the
operations of a loyal government there. And
this bitter spirit to deprive these laborers of
support, many of whom have gone from the
North since the war has commenced, is un-
worthy of us.
We have millions of property useful to the
Navy Department requiring these appropria-
tions, and they ought to be granted, or we ought
to .have a proposition for the abandonment en-
tirely of that navy-yard, and such a one should
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
before it was acted on by the House.
' 'Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman. I wish to
say the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa,
even in a charitable point of view, cannot be
Supported, for $'20,000 would not keep one thou-
sand men for thirty days.
When I asked the gentleman what amount
of njoncy it would require to put this navy-yard
in the same condition it was in before the rebel-
lion, and ho responded if I had gone to the ordi-
nary channels of information I could have found
out, I considered his answer an impertinent one.
Had he possessed the knowledge he would have
answered my question. He only wanted an
excuse to cover his ignorance.
The Secretary of the Navy asks for $4(58,000.
Next session of Congress we will be asked for
half a million more; and then half a million
more. So far as my knowledge goes, at least,
it would require $1,500,000.
A Member. Five million dollars.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Some say $5,000,000.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ten mil-
lion dollars were appropriated and expended
by the Government on that, navy-yard before
the breaking out of the rebellion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It could not be restored
for less than $1,500,000. It is said to bo a mass
of ruins, and that the only object there is to pro-
tect the property of the Government, The gen-
tleman from Iowa does not propose to make
appropriations equal to the entire restoration of
that navy-yard. Now, I say that appropriations
for continuing a semblance of a navy-yard there
is only so much money thrown away. I will vote
only money enough to keep that navy-yard in
condition until we can dispose of it; and then
to establish one in a locality where the political
sentiment of the people will protect it.
Mr. KASSON. 1 move to strike out the last
three words. I think my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoij,] has made another mistake for
want of accurate information. I have been, as
have many others, to that navy-yard, and 1 know
of most of the appropriations bolh made and
asked for. They have raised the Merrimac, and
are now raising the Congress and Cumberland.
A great naval store-house is necessarily there.
I only ask yon will appropriate as much as is
necessary for the existing condition of that
navy-yard. I withdraw my amendment.
The committee divided on the amendment
of Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois, and there were
—ayes 54, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER took the chair, and stated
that the hour of half past four having arrived,
the House resumed its session and took a re-
cess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., (Mr. Cobb in the chair,) and re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole on the
stat,e_ of the Union, the consideration of the
President's annual message.
KECONSTRCCTION.
Mr. WELKT5R. Mr. Chairman, nearly ninety
years, with their great events, their grand pro-
gressions in science, the arts, and in society
and Governments, have passed away since our
fathers, in solemn assembly, proclaimed, as the
broad foundation of the Government then about
to be erected, that "all men are created equal,
and are endowed with certain inalienable
rights," and that "among these are life, lib-
erty. and the pursuit of happin^s." They
declared, also, "that to secure these rights
Governments are instituted among men." To
maintain these bold propositions, these new
ideas of equality of man, to establish a repub-
lican form of government based thereon, for
seven long years, amid defeat and disaster,
sufferings and deprivations unknown to the
history of war, these men of the Revolution,
with firmness undaunted and patriotism un-
chilled, fought out the battles that won for us
these grand principles and established this I
great Republic.
When this Governmentwas first organized it
was everywhere said, by politicians and publi-
cists of the Old World that this attempt to main-
tain 'a republic on these principles would be
a failure; that, like other experiments of the
same kind in other periods ot the world's his-
tory, it would be short-lived, and soon go down
and be forgotten, or only remembered on the
pages of the history of the times. It was claimed
that the people were not competent to govern
themselves, and all such government would be
too weak to stand when the time of trial would
come; that when the slornis of civil war would
burst upon them they would crumble to the
ground as other republics before had done. All
these theories and prophecies arc now over-
thrown. Eor five years past we have gone through
the ordeal of fire and blood to maintain the life
of the nation. No nation has ever been sub-
ject to so terrible a trial. The records of the
world do not present so fearful a rebellion or
scarcely any civil war in which such magnifi-
cent armies and munitions of war have been
brought into conflict. With these great instru-
mentalities we have tested the power of the
Government, to maintain itself against enemies
within as well as without; have established
again these great principles of government laid
down by our fathers, and presented an example
to the world of the grand experiment of free
government. In the war of J 812 we sustained
the Republic against foreign foes. In this con-
test we have saved the nation from destruction
by enemies at home.
Now, after the great conflict has been fought
out by our armies upon the battle-fields of our
country, we, as the liepresentatives of the peo-
ple here assembled, have a great work to do in
order to pieserve and peipetuate the priceless
inheritance of our fathers. Ourbravc soldiers,
in the iron hail of baf tie. in the toilsome march,
in rain and storm, heaWajid eold; in the lonely
prison, with sacrifice ot life and health upon
their country's altar, have nobly done their
whole duty. Let us equally well perform ours,
and this, the grandest G oven men I of the world,
will continue its triumphant march in the bright
pathway leading to the highest and truest free-
dom of mankind.
There ought to be no difference of opinion
now on this floor as to one thing, and that is,
that this Government shall remain one and in-
divisible, and that this great people shall be
one people, with one destiny and one flag. That
was clearly settled by the war. One other
thing was settled, and that is that our people
shall be a free people, that our
"Starry flag no longer waves
In splendid mockery o'er a, land of slaves."
iiecoxstiirctiox.
How the Government is to be reconstructed,
or restored, or the best means to reach that
end, are questions about which there may well
be dilferPnces of opinion. In this difference of
views there may, in the end, be safety.
What are these different opinions? One party
here say that these eleven States, constituting
the so-called confederate government, by this
great war upon the Government lost none of
their rights as States to participate in the Gov-
ernment now ; that, having ceased their war-
fare, surrendered iheir arms, and disbanded
their armies, all they have to do is to elect mem-
bers of Congress, and they are entitled to ad-
mission here, and no questions are to be asked
and no conditions imposed. As the result of
the war four million slaves, that in the appor-
tionment for representation in the House of
Representatives were counted in the ratio of
three to five, in the next apportionment these
States will have actually, by this rebellion,
gained twelve members. So that in this effort
to overthrow the Government they have really
increased their power and influence in the ad-
ministration of the affairs of the Government.
If this be so, the declaration of our patriotic
President,, "that treason is a crime and must
be punished," is entirely ignored, and in this
instance treason is rewarded rather than pun-
ished.
Some think that by this mad attempt to over-
throw the Government they have only lost their
right to participate in the governing power of
the country, and still remain as States with sus-
pended animation, subject to be vitalized by
the joint action of the President and Congress.
Others believe that by this attempt to separate
from the parent Government, and this bitter and
terrible war upon it, they have lost their char-
acter of States, forfeited their State govern-
ments, and are now mere Territories, and sub-
ject to be governed by Congress as conquered
provinces until readmitted as States.
At this late period in the discussion, the whole
field having been occupied so ably by others,
and the questions growing out of these different
views so well and forcibly discussed, I will not
now attempt any lengthy remarks upon this
branch of the subject of debate.
In my judgment, it makes but little difference
which of these last-named views shall be adopted
so that we roach the same end in the grand re-
sult. The difference is more in theory than in
practical application. It is very certain that
their relations to the Government has been, in
some way, affected by the rebellion. It cannot
be that a war of such gigantic proportions, mar-
shaling their millions of soldiers on each side,
should not in some respect change the relations
of the parties to each other. The rebels, just
emerging from the leadeiship of a self-consti-
tuted government, cannot at once and without
conditions take their original place in the Gov-
ernment,against which they warred. This would
be an anomaly in history. It would falsify all
the records of the past. No rebels in any Gov-
ernment have everbcen allowed such rights, no
conquered people ever so treated.
condition of the states.
I do not think these Stales are now out of the
Union. They aie a part of our Government,
their territory is ours, their people belong to
the Government, and arc subject (o its control
and liable to its jurisdiction. But as Stales
they are not entitled to representation here
until loyal governments are organized within
their territories, and until Congress and the
President do something to restore or readmit
them to their proper relations with the Govern-
ment. Whether they shall be regarded as mere
Territories, or as States with '' suspended vital-
ity," may. it is true, be a subject of much dis-
pute and some difficulty of correct solution,
but which I will not now discuss.
These States, one by one, passed ordinances
of secession, and then banded together into a
confederacy and declared themselves a sepa-
rate gOTermnent, denied allegiance to the Uni-
ted States Government, and set up one for
themselves. The question then arose whether
they should be allowed to thus separate, or
whether by force of arms their separation from
the Government should be prevented. The
Administration made the issue of separation or
no separation. The arts of statesmanship had
been exhausted. No other forum was left in
which to contest, this issue but the battle-field ;
no other trial but that of battle was left to de-
termine this question. So the contest went ou
for four years.
On the 20th clay of May, 18G5, the decision
was made by the complete surrender of their
army to the authorities of the Government, in
favor of the Government, and against the re-
bellion. What did that determine? Whether
