1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
ship, which has been heretofore confirmed by
the United States to any person or persons, or
to the legal representatives of any person or
persons: And provided further, That nothing
in this aet shall be so construed as to invalidate
or impair any patent heretofore issued by the
United States, or shall in any manner abridge,
divest, impair, injure, or prejudice any valid
adverse right, title, or interest of any person or
persons in or to any portion or part of the
aforesaid land which is granted, relinquished,
and conveyed by this act.
Approved, March 21, 1866.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act more effectually to
provide for the Punishment of certain Crimes
against the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if any person or per-
sons shall falsely make, alter, forge, or coun-
terfeit ; or cause or procure to be falsely made,
altered, forged, or counterfeited; or willingly
aid or assist in the false making, altering, for-
ging, or counterfeiting any bond, bid, proposal,
guarantee, security, official bond, public rec-
ord, affidavit, or other writing for the purpose
of defrauding the United Stales; or shall utter
or publish as true, or cause to be uttered or pub-
lished, as true, any such false, forged, altered,
orcounterfeitedbond, bid, proposal, guarantee,
security, official bond, public record, affidavit,
or other writing, for the purpose of defraud-
ing the United States, knowing the same to be
false, forged, altered, or counterfeited; or shall
transmit to, or present at, or cause or procure
to be transmitted to, or presented at, the office
of any officer of the United States, any such
false, forged, altered, or counterfeited bond,
bid, proposal, guarantee, security, official bond,
public record, affidavit, or other writing, know-
ing the same to be false, forged, altered, or
counterfeited, for the purpose of defrauding
the United States; every such person shall be
deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and
being thereof duly convicted, shall be sentenced
to be imprisoned, and kept at hard labor, for
a period not exceeding ten years, or be fined
not exceeding one thousand dollars, or both of
said punishments in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That if
any offense shall be committed in any place
which has been, or shall hereafter be, ceded
to, and under the jurisdiction of the United
States, which offense is not prohibited, or the
punishment thereof is not specially provided
for by any law of the United States, such of-
fense shall, upon conviction in any court of
the United States having cognizance thereof,
be liable to, and receive the same punishment
as the laws of the State in which such place is,
or may be situated, now in force, provided for
the like offense when committed within the
jurisdiction of such State; and no subsequent
repeal of any such State law shall affect any
prosecution for such offense in any of the courts
of the United States.
Approved, April 5, 1866.
Chap. XXV.—An Act to provide for the trans-
fer of the Custody of the Library of the
Smithsonian Institute to the Library of Con-
gress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the library collected
by the Smithsonian Institution under the provi-
sions of an aet approved August tenth, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, shall be removed from
the building of said institution, with the con-
sent of the regents thereof, to the new fire-proof
extension of the Library of Congress, upon
completion of a sufficient portion thereof for
its accommodation, and shall, while there de-
posited, bo subject to the same regulations as
the Library of Congress, except as hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when
such library shall have been so removed and
deposited, the Smithsonian Institution shall
have the use thereof in like manner as it is
now used, and the public shall have access
thereto for purposes of consultation on every
ordinary week day except during one month
of each year, in the recess of Congress, when
it may be closed for renovation. All the books,
maps, and charts of the Smithsonian library
shall be properly cared for and preserved in
like manner as are those of the Congressional
Library, from which the Smithsonian library
shall not be removed except on reimbursement
by the Smithsonian Institution to the Treasury
of the United States of expenses incurred in
binding and in taking care of the same, or upon
such terms and conditions as shall be mutually
agreed upon by Congress aud the regents of
said Institution.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Smithsonian Institution, through its secretary,
shall have the use of the Library of Congress,
subject to the same regulations as Senators and
Representatives.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Librarian of Congress shall be authorized to
employ two additional assistants, who shall
receive a yearly compensation of eight hun-
dred dollars, and one thousand dollars, re-
spectively, commencing July one, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of five hundred dollars, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, shall be appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to defray the expenses of the
removal herein provided for.
Approved, April 5, 1860.
Ciiap. XXVI.—An Act to provide for a Term
of the District Court for the District of
Minnesota, to be held at the City of Winona
in said District.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter, and until
otherwise provided by law, there shall be held,
annually, on the first Monday in June, a term
of the district court of the United States for the
district of Minnesota at the city of Winona, in
said district, and all process, writs, and recog-
nizances, civil and criminal, which may have
been, or may hereafter be, issued and made
returnable at Mankato, shall be returned to the
said term of the said court at the said city of
Winona, in like manner and with the like
effect as if originally made returnable thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
acts or parts of acts which require a term of
said court to be held at Mankato, in said dis-
trict, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, April 5, 1866.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act for the Relief of Seamen
and others borne on the Books of Vessels
wrecked or lost in the Naval Service," ap-
proved July four, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Vailed States of Amcrica in
Congress assembled, That in case any officer
of the Navy or Marine corps on board a ves-
sel in the employ of the United States which,
by any casualty, or in action with the enemy,
has been or may be sunk or otherwise de-
stroyed. shall thereby have lost his personal
effects, the proper accounting officers are hereby
authorized, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Navy, to allow to such officer a sum not
exceeding the amount of his sea pay for one
month, as compensation for said loss: Pro-
vided, That such loss has not occurred through
the negligence or want of skill or foresight of
the officer making application for such loss:
Provided, That the accounting officers shall in
all cases require a schedule and certificate from
the officer making the claim for effects so lost:
And provided further, That no allowance shall
be made by virtue of this act for any loss in-
curred prior to -the nineteenth day of April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the seventh section of the act of Con-
gress, approved February twenty-fourth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes,' approved March third, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-three," as provides
that "the bounty money which any mariner
or se[a]man enlisting from the Army into the
Navy may have received from the United
States, or from the State in which he enlisted
in the Army, shall be deducted from the prize
money to which he may become entitled dur-
ing the time required to complete his military
service," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, April 6, I860.
Ciiap. XXVIII.—An Act making additional
Appropriations, and to supply the Deficien-
cies in the Appropriations for sundry civil
Expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, and for other pur-
poses.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
and to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions, for the service of the fiscal year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, namely:
survey of the coast.
For the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf
coasts of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of
the Army and Navy and petty officers and men
of the Navy employed in the work, one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western
coast of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
Forcontinuingthe survey of the reefs, shoals,
and keys of South Florida, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, and
excluding pay and emoluments of the officers
of the Army and Navy and petty officers and
men of the Navy employed in the work, eleven
thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the survey of the coast of the Uni-
ted States, including compensation of civilians
employed in the work, four thousand dollars.
For repairs of steamers and sailing schooners
used in the coast survey, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For pay and rations of engineers for steamers
used in the hydrography of the coast survey,
no longer supplied by the Navy Department,
six thousand dollars.
ligiit-house establishment.
For the Atlantic, Gulf, and Lake coasts,
viz:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, and other
neccssary expenses of the same, and repairing
and keeping in repair the lighting apparatus,
one hundred and eighty-three thousand two
hundred and eighty-seven dollars.
To supply deficiency in estimate for supplies
of oil, wicks, glass chimneys, and other neces-
sary expenses of the same, aud repairing aud
keeping in repair the lighting apparatus, seven-
teen thousand dollars.
