1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
tliey wore States in the Union or conquered
provinces? No such thing. It settled that
these States did not maintain their proposed
separation from the Government, and their own
separate existence as a government, and that
this Government has a right "to exercise juris-
diction over them. Those who claim that the
issue was whether these eleven States were in
the Union or out of it, mistake the issue. Theirs
was an effort to separate, and ours to compel
them to remain a part of our Government. We
won and they lost. This leaves them to be judged
of by the laws of civilized warfare. Itistruethat
during the whole progress of the war, the Gov-
ernment treated these States and the people as
subject to its control wherever it had power to
do so. But in this I deny that they were treated
as States in the Union, and with all their rights
as States. In the last Congress, a law was passed
providing that these States should not be entitled
to cast any vole for President and Vice-Presi-
dent of the United States, thus refusing to recog-
nize them as States entitled to the rights of
other States. To say that these States had lost
none of their rights as States by this war, and
during its continuance and now, would be to
ignore all the lights of international law, and
all the authors who have written upon the sub-
ject. It is the universal testimony of the old
authorities, that when separate States under-
take rebellion 1o throw off their allegiance to a
parent Government, and are subdued, they can
be treated as conquered territory, and are li-
able to imposition of terms in reconstruction
or restoration.
WHAT IS TO BE DONE.
But I will not pursue this branch of the sub-
ject further.
Now, Jlr. Chairman, at the close of the war,
we are met by political questions in relation to
what is to be done to reconstruct or restore
these States.
I am anxious that our Government shall be
made a unit as soon as it can bo done with
safely to the great principles settled in the con-
test. But we should "make haste slowly" in
this great work. Tlic'perpeluily, the very life
of the nation, is now at stake. No graver or
more responsible duties ever devolved on an
American Congress than are now upon ns.
This is the time and this the occasion to settle
for all time in this country the great ideas and
principles lying at the foundations of our noble
structure of government. Let these founda-
tions now be made strong, that in coming time
the winds and storms of rebellion and revo-
lution may beat in vain against the grand fabric
erected thereon. Our fathers made this for a
free Government: one to which the persecuted
and downtrodden of the world might fly and
find secure asylum and equal rights. In the
short period of less than a century, which is
but a day in the life of a nation, the grand idea
of our lathers was so far forgotten and de-
parted from that we held four million of God's
creatures as the brutes of the field to be sold
in the market, and their unrequited toil used to
nurture and support a purse-proud and haughty
oligarchy of oppressors in the land.
Let us now make it what our fathers intended
it to be, and secure to all their God-given rights,
secure equal and exact justice to all men. To
accomplish this we must not bo in a hurry with
the work. In this fast age we are apt to desire
the accomplishment of too much in a given
time. Let these men so lately engaged in the
rebellion have time to satisfy us that they are
thoroughly cured of many of the heresies they
have heretofore entertained. They can afford
to wait after what, they have done against the
Government, after the great injury they have
inflicted upon the country—the deluge of blood,
the ravages of war they have caused all over our
broad land, the widows and orphans they have
made, the crippled and maimed soldiers they
have scattered every where among us. There is
much for them to do in the way of improvements
and reforms in their localities before they are
ready to assume all the responsibilities of Gov-
ernment. As a matter of law most of them
have forfeited their lives, and if the laws were
enforced strictly against'them, many of them
would be hung for treason, as they ought to be.
They should remember that during these bloody
four years they have caused the sacrifice of mil-
lions of precious lives and thousands of millions
of treasure in this mad attempt to disconnect
themselves from the Government, and establish
forever the infernal institution of slavery.
From the first commencement of this unholy
war until t.heir final surrender to overpowering
force, these rebels never for a moment enter-
tained any love for our Government or regret
for what they had done. Now that they are
conquered by our arms, they have no right to
complain upon the demand of them of condi-
tions and guarantees for the future.
FKEEDMEN.
As the results of this war four million peo-
ple have passed from under the clouds and
darkness of slavery into the sunlight of free-
dom. They are God's poor—made so by the
wrongs and oppressions of centujjies. They
must bo cared for in any measures of resto-
ration of these States. This Government by
their emancipation is as solemnly bound to
secure their freedom and protect their rights,
as it is to pay off the debts incurred in saving
the life of the nation. These freedmen, in all
the dark days of the rebellion, when many
white men in the North proved false to the
Government, and gave aid and comfort to the
enemy, were always true friends. They helped
us light the battles for freedom and national
existence. They stood side by side with our
brave white soldiers on the field; with them
went through the baptism of lire for the coun-
try that had oppressed them ; were their friends
in prison, and finding ways of escape from
captivity. These men and their families are
now leftin the midstof tlieirformer masters and
oppressors. Shall they be turned out to the
tender meicies of their unfriendly legislation?
Tluil must not be done. These freedmen and
women constitute the principal laboring pop-
ulation of these States. They are as neces-
sary to the non-working population there as
the capital they own. They are mines of wealth
to that people. In their dark, strong aims and
loyal hearts are reposed the future develop-
ment of the great, resources of the sunny climes,
of the South, when guided by intelligence and,
manly independence.
In the great contest just closed the rebellion
staked the ownership of this labor, the bones
and muscles that performed it, and they lost in
the venture. It is a great change in their social
relations, and it is not to be wondered at that
they are slow to accept its reality. But they
must understand that the logic of events will
teach them, in truth and soberness, to accept
this great change and adapt themselves to it.
It is a fixed fact that these colored people must
remain in the late rebellious States. They can-
not go anywhere else. That is their home. Their
labor has improved and built up the country
and created the wealth in which their oppressors
have reveled. It is said that the labor system
there will work itself out in the protection of
these freedmen; that it will be in the end to the
interest of the former master to extend protec-
tion to the rights of his colored employe. From
the spirit, manifested in these States since the
surrender of their armies this does not seem to
be correct. A spirit of bitterness, a determina-
tion to oppress and harass them in every way
possible, now pervades the legislation of most
of these States. In many of them there is no
protection afforded the colored men. Many of
these States have now in force "black codes,1'
in which all rights are denied them. Several of
them will not allow a colored man to own or
rent a foot of land; deny him the benefit of
schools, protection underthepoorlaws, or rights
in court by which he cau obtain redress for
grievances or secure protection. While these
States and their people manifest this spirit, let
them remain under military authority until a
better spirit is manifested. I am not at present
willing to trust to the interest of these men who
so lately were engaged in deadly hostility against
the Government to protect this large colored
population. Let us pass lawshcre protecting
the rights of these freedmen, making the=same
laws tor them that are miide for the white man.
We have already passed the Senate bill establish-
ing the Freedmen's Buseau, and through its
machinery the colored man will, in some meas-
ure, be protected from wrong and oppression,
GUAItANTEES. :
But before these States are represented upon
this floor other guarantees should be secured.
Not guarantees in the shape of State constitu-
tions or State legislation alone, forthdy can- at
any time be altered or repealed, but irrepeala-
ble ones, incorporated into the Constitution of
the United States. But we are told that these
States are now in the Unftm, and wo have no
right to demand any guarantees for the future;
that when they elected their Representatives to
Congress they must be admitted. The men
who say this are now claiming to be the pecu-
liar friends and supporters of our present Chief
Magistrate, and what they call his policy of
reconstruction. But I do not understand this
to be his policy. As a matter of fact, has not
the President treated these States as having
forfeited their rights as States in the Union?
Since the close of the war he has been exercis-
ing authority looking toward the restoration
of these States. *IIe has proceeded upon the
assumption that some conditions were to he
attached to their restoration. What has he
done? He found them without governments,
except disloyal ones, and he sent them provi's1
ional governors to rule them. He found their
old constitutions still in existence, but he or-
dered elections for members of conventions to
form new, or amend old ones, and prescribed
the qualifications of electors. He required the
Legislatures that might assemble under these
constitutions to adopt the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States abolishing
slavery. He required all the constitutional con-
ventions to abolish slavery in the States, and put
therein a prohibition against the payment of
their debts incurred in the prosecution of tho
rebellion.
Now, following in the spirit of his example,
and of the principle he has established, the
President should not object, if Congress de-
mands additional guarantee! before complete
restoration. Tho conditions of reconstruction,
tho terms of admission of members, are clearly
within the authority of Congress, and a proper
subject for their action. It is to be hoped that
the legislative and the executive departments
will, in this great duty, act in concert for the
good of the country, and that harmony may
prevail in the councils of the nation.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
But how are we to obtain security for the
future? It cannot be done by the action of
those rebellious States. I fear that as soon as
they should be represented here, all such guar-
antees would be repealed. It must be_ done by_
appropriate amendments to the Constitution of
tho United States. Butwhat amendments are
demanded?
1. Let the Constitution be so amended that
representation in the House of Representatives
shall be based substantially on voting popula-
tion, and not general population. This is the
true basis of representation. Under the present
system tho rebel States have largely increased
theirreprcsentationbythercbcllion. The slaves
were counted and the masters voted for them.
Now the freed slaves will be counted same as
while population, and their former oppressors
still vote for them!
I have already said that by the emancipation
on the present basis of representation these
States actually gain twelve additional members
of Congress. This changed condition of these
people requires some amendment to be made
by which but fair representation shall be given
them. The basis of slave representation was
always unfair to the free people of the North.
It gave to the white man in the South more
influence and power in the Government than
that possessed by the northern white man. It
thereby constituted a slave oligarchy there that
