1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2751
because they cannot now obtain cigars at all
at a price within their reach.
Now, sir, my own impression is that it might
be better, if it were practicable, to levy your
tax upon the leaf. Without, however, a sys-
tem of domiciliary visitation all over the coun-
try and a numberless swarm of office-holders,
you could not collect the tax if levied in that
way. Therefore the Committee of Ways and
Means perhaps properly decided not to attempt
taxation on the leaf. The next best thing,
probably, would be to levy your tax altogether
ad valorem, making every cigar, everything
connected with this interest, pay taxation in
proportion to the value invested and the price
at which the article might be sold. That not
being done, I propose, by a system of grada-
tion and classification, to reach as nearly as
possible what would be something like an ad
valorem, duty.
Gentlemen of the Committee of Ways and
Meansand others connected with the legislation
upon this subject say that you cannot resort to
an ad valorem duty for fear of the numberless
frauds which will be committed. I do not
know how strong that argument ought to be
considered. They say the same thing with
reference to classification, that it opens the
door for more frauds. I think, however, that
by a little wholesome legislation we might pre-
vent frauds in either ease. But certainly, as a
question of principle, just in proportion as you
approach the levying of taxation according to
the value of the articles taxed, you approach
that principle of justice which every man will
feel ought to be regarded in apportioning the
burdens of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, we are all
fully aware of the ability and the tenacity of
purpose of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] He does not yield a hair's breadth
even when the committee are disposed to ac-
commodate him. I rather think, however, that
the Committee of Ways and Means have in-
vestigated this subject more extensively than
the gentleman from the Dayton district of
Ohio, [Mr. Schicxck,] who appears to have
looked at it only on the side of the lowest-
priced tobacco. It is an old subject, and one
which has been investigated at every session of
Congress for the last four years, and one not
without its perplexities. But having tested
various provisions of law, tried each in turn,
we ought now to profit by experience and hold
fast to that which proves the best.
The gentleman's colleague [Mr. Lawrence]
stated that the revenue commission, who had
made a report on this subject, had not visited
the WTest. The gentleman was mistaken. The
revenue commission did not make any report
on this subject, not having the time to devote
to it. If they had had more time they doubt-
less would have fully investigated this question,
as they did others. They commenced upon the
subject, andtook considerable testimony, which
will doubtless be of value hereafter, if opportu-
nity shall be given for the complete investigation
of the whdle question.
The gentleman from Ohio proposes to go
back to a system of legislation which we have
already tried and found it almost an entire
failure. The universal testimony of all the
assessors, collectors, inspectors, and other rev-
enue officers here at Washington is against
the proposition. Let me, as an illustration,
show what the result was when we had a grad-
ttation of tax upon cigars.
Take the year 1864. The tax npon cigars
at three dollars yielded about $1,200,000; at
eightdollars, §1,108,743 78: at fifteen dollars,
$386,978 42: at twenty-five dollars, $73,442;
and at forty dollars, $9,462. This shows con-
clusively the result of grading the tax will be
that almost every cigar taxed will be taxed at
the lowest duty.
I have a letter from a tobacco manufacturer
at Detroit asserting the same fact. He goes
on "to say:
"When I called on you Tuesday last on thotobaeeo
tax I forgot to say a word regarding tho oigar tax. I
am not a manufacturer of cigars, but deal in them
quite largely, and I noticed when we had the gradu-
ating tax that it made no difference what price we
paid for the cigars the stamps were al*va>s the three
dollar stamp. I am opposed in toio to a graduating
tax. Whatever tax you put on have it uniform. If
you adopt the graduated tax you wii! make a mis-
take. I believe cigars willpayatendollartax easier
than any other."
Now, gentlemen may suppose I am adher-
ing a little too closely to the bill in not allow-
ing or consenting to further exemptions and
further reductions. Let me read a letter from
a western collector. He says, in effect, that at
the next session of Congress we shall have to
go back to the old rates of taxation, and declares
our bill will produce much less revenue than is
anticipated. He advises that we move slowly.
He also says that the Commissioner is now
making a far less stringent enforcement of the
law this year than last, and that this will make
a wide difference in the revenue.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed entirely
to the rate offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
and to his whole system of estimating the
amount of tax on the value of cigars excluding
the tax, on the market value. There is no
market value except upon cigars which have
paid a tax. It is against the law that they shall
be offered in market except those which have
paid the tax. _ Therefore the gentleman's ab-
surdity rests upon his own shoulders entirely.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. PAINE. I differ altogether with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
as to the experience which the Government
has had under the late law and under the law
now in force. He has told you, and othera
have told me twenty times since this discussion
commenced, that the old cigar tax was a
failure, and that the system now in force is far
preferable to that or any other. Now I say,
sir, that the experience under the law enacted
in 1864, and in force for a great part of 1865,
and the experience of the country since the
law of 1865 went into force, all go to show that
the old law is better than the new one. I will
refer to the figures. Let us refer to the taxes
collected on cigars during the fiscal year ending
J une 30,1865. For the first three quarters these
taxes were collected under the old and not
under the new law, and I call the attention of
the committee to the result. The following
are the figures which come to us in the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
from the assertions reiterated again and again
in this House 1 appeal to the figures of that
report. In the fiscal year ending June 30,
18G5, the old law yielded, from cigars alone,
a revenue of 33,048,127 66. That law was
replaced by the law now in force, which took
effect April 1. 1805, that is to say, at the com-
mencement of the fourth quarter of the fiscal
year I860. But the new law, which was in
force during the last quarter, yielded only
§24.348 90. Gentlemen will see that the old
"law was twofold more productive than the
new law during the same period of time.
Now, when we come down to the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1SG6. and contra:t
the revenue yielded by the new law, for the
first three quarters ending on the 31st day of
March last, with the revenue yielded in the
fiscal year 1865 by the old law, which expired
at the end of the first three quarters of 1865,
we find the following results, which I read
from a statement furnished me by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The old law
yielded 83,048,126 66, and the new law only
$2,556,518 70. From all these figures I say it
cannot be demonstrated that the old law was a
total failure and the new law a complete success.
I appeal from the assumptions and assertions
of those who clamor so loudly against an ad
valorem or a graded tax to the facts and figures
of the Commissioner himself. On the con-
trary, sir. considering the disadvantages under
which that law operated, I declare my con-
viction that it unmistakably demonstrated the
superiority of an ad valorem or graded tax to
this dead level duty of the committee. For,
under that law, where there was a gradation,
and where the taxes were assessed on different
values, it was, as a matter of course, necessary
that there should be a vast amount of machinery
suggested and perfected by experience, and put
in force by well prepared regulations. Bat such
machinery was utterly wanting. That system
had to run alone, so far as regulations were con-
cerned. It only ran three quarters of a year,
and there was no perfection in the instrumen
talities for working out its results.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The distin-
guished chairman of the Committee of Wrays
and Means has reminded us that my colleague
[Mr. Schenck] adheres to all his purposes
with great tenacity. Sir, it is a virtue that he
has learned, or might have learned, from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
himself. If the revenue commission had
made a report upon this subject of the taxa-
tion of cigars and tobacco, and if that report
had been in accordance with the views of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I should have
hesitated somewhat before asking this commit-
tee to change it. But, as I learn from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that commission did not investigate this sub-
ject at all. They made no report upon it; and
I beg this committee, therefore, to remember
that in voting down the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means they are not
voting down the recommendation of the rev-
enue commission. The single question now
presented to the committee is this: shall cigars,
which are manufactured out of the low-priced
tobacco raised in Ohio and other western States,
pay an equal amount of tax with cigars manu-
factured from the more expensive and valuable
tobacco raised in Connecticut? That is the
question presented for the consideration of the
committee, and it seems to me that, as a ques-
tion of naked justice, the proposition is «o bold
as to strike the conscience and the judgment
of every man who hears me.
Mr. Chairman, the value of Ohio tobacco is
generally from seven to ten cents per pound ;
that of Connecticut is twenty-two cents per
pound. Now, if 3'ou levy the same tax on the
cigars made from Connecticut tobacco that you
do upon cigars made from Ohio tobacco, each
costing an equal amount of labor, the result
will be, as it has been under the existing law,
that you give a monopoly of the market to the
manufacturer of the Connecticut tobacco and
drive out of the market the product of the Ohio
tobacco. That has been the result under the
present law. I can give a single instance in
my own district, which, I apprehend, is but an
illustration of what occurred elsewhere all over
the western States. A farmer raised a small
crop of tobacco, and during the «inter went to
work and manufactured it into cigars himself.
When he came to hunt up the assessor, to pay
the tax on the cigars, he found that he could
not sell the cigars for a sufficient sum to pay
the tax. The result was that he was com-
pelled to destroy them. Now, that is to be
the result of this bill, if you levy the same
tax on cigars manufactured from Connecticut
tobacco and those manufactured from Ohio
tobacco.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means tells us that he is opposed to the
whole system of discrimination, to the whole
ad valorem system. Why, sir, this very bill
makes two grades of cigars, and taxes one two
dollars per thousand and the other four dollars.
If the principle be correct, extend it a little
further, to all grades of tobacco.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment oftliegentlemanfrom Ohio [Mr. SchexckI
by striking out the following:
On cheroots and cigars known as short-sixes, and
cigars made with pa«ted head?, the market value of
■which (exclusive of the tax) is not over eignt dollars
per thousand, and on all cigarettes and cigars the
market value of which (exclusive of the tax; is over
six dollars and not over twelve dollars per thousand,
a tax of four dollars per thousand.
On ail cigarettes, cheroots, and cigars, the market
value of wfiieh ttax included) is over twelve dollar#
