728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
despised the voting " mud-sills" of the North.
It gave thorn nineteen members of Congress
based vipon their slaves, and v/ho were elected
by the white slaveholders. It gives a rebel
white man two and a half votes to one for the
Union soldier in thtf North. It is true that
this was given them by the makers of the Con-
stitution as a compromise. The occasion now
having passed away, let it be remedied.
As the Constitution now is, these States can
so limit the franchise that but the "favored
few" shall exercise it, and the great mass be
deprived of participation in their government,
ana still not decrease the representation in
Congress. They may do this either by the ex-
clusion of races or by requiring property qual-
ifications as condition of voting. If voting is
the basis of equality of races, if this should be
done their representation would be decreased.
On the other hand, if they enfranchise the
masses their representation will be increased.
This will operate as a great inducement for the
extension of suffrage.
I know that this power of disfranchisement
is denied; and it is claimed that Congress can
interfere to prevent it under the clause of the
Constitution guarantying a republican form of
government to the States. This may be so.
But it will be found very difficult to determine
the line defining the limits of what is repub-
lican, or what is not. How many, if any, must
be disfranchised before it ceases to be repub-
lican? A majority, or a considerable minority?
In the long history of oppression and tyranny
in the South since the formation of our G overn-
ment, in the darkest hour of its humiliation to
the slave power, no congressional enactment
was passed to assert this right in the General
Government. It is better then to fix it sure and
certain by fixing the voting population as the
basis of representation, or as it is fixed in the
amendment already passed the House, which
excludes from count those who are denied the
right of suffrage on account of race or color.
2. Amend the organic law so as to put it out
of the power of these States to levy any tax or
imposts to pay the rebel debt. Many loyal men
are there who did not favor the rebellion who
should be" rotectcd from the payment of this
debt. Many men from the North will seek those
States to make homes for themselves and
children, carrying with them the capital, skill,
and energy of our northern population, and they
should be protected from such taxation. In
the time to come the fertile lands of that beauti-
ful climate will bo made golden by the control-
ling influence of intelligent labor; its teeming
population made prosperous and happy by an
inllux of northern enterprise and northern
school systems, and the blessings of freedom
and equality made perpetual among all the
people.
S. If the power is not already contained in
the second clause of the emancipation amend-
ment already adopted, the Constitution should
be so amended that Congress shall be fully au-
thorized to protect, the froedmen in all their
rights of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness" in the States, and prohibit the passage
of all laws, by any of the States, making any
difference in the civil rights of their inhabit-
ants, but that all, both white and black, shall
Stand equal before the civil and criminal law.
4. That our public creditors shall be pro-
tected from any repudiation of the public debt
of the nation; that our credit may at all times
be sustained, and no dishonor shall ever attach
to the American character as would follow a
refusal to discharge our high obligations.
Without some such provision as this in the
Organic law, there may be danger that men may
be found who will refuse to provide such means
as may be required to meet and finally dis-
charge the public debt necessarily incurred to
overthrow the rebellion and save the Republic.
SECURITY FOE THE FUTURE.
I would make these amendments conditions
to restoration, on the ground of security fertile
future. Men once engaged in a purpose to
overthrow the Government, as these traitors
were, cannot be trusted with participation in
managing the affairs of this great nation. Some
such guarantees are necessary to insure us
against a like attempt at, a separation or destruc-
tion of the Constitution and Government.
More than this: some evidence should be
given that the people of these States, the masses,
are really cured of their political heresies, and
desirous to "act justly toward all men," and
live in harmony with the people of the loyal
States. If we are correctly informed, however
much it may be regretted, there is at this moment
as much bitter feeling against the friends of the
Union among them as there was during the
war. This, no doubt, in the course of time will
be changed, and a better and kindlier feeling
prevail. There should also be satisfactory evi-
dence that loyal governments are organized that
will not array themselves against the execution
of the laws that may be enacted by Congress,
under the Constitution, for the common welfare.
SUFFRAGE.
It will not be doubted but that the four mil-
lion freedmen in these States will be a difficult
element to control. So large a population,
denied rights of participation in the Govern-
ment; denied proprietorship in the soil; denied
all interest in the affairs of their State; kept
simply to perform the labor of the country;
made only "hewers of wood and drawers ot
water," will not quietly submit to their con-
dition thus imposed. If it should bo so, the
lessons of history have not been rightly under-
stood. In the late emancipation of the Russian
'serfs they were immediately enfranchised, and
thus given an interest in the Government. In
time the right of suffrage will be extended to
our freedmen. This will be, in the end, the
true theory for the solution of this great ques-
tion of freedom. Those having served in the
Union Army, and such as possess sufficient in-
telligence, should at least be admitted to this
right, and others would follow in time. Those
who used the musket against rebels should be
armed with the ballot to defend themselves
against the rebels they have fought in the
battle-field.
Thisrightof suffrage to colored men isno new
thing. It was possessed by them at the time of
the formation of our Government in many of the
old thirteen States. It exists now in several of
the States. South Carolina was the first to in-
troduce the word "white" in her constitution,
and she was the first to fire upon the glorious em-
blem of our nationality, as it waved over one
of onr forts. She has the dishonor to have
taken the first step backward in the march of
civilization, as she did the first step in the for-
ward march of barbarism in the late infernal ef-
fort to found a government based upon human
slavery. I hope to see the day when she may
again set herself right, and return to her " first
love" of the rights of man.
TRAITORS.
In this restoration no man whose heart was
filled with sentiments of treason, whose hand
is red with the biood of our martyred heroes,
should ever be allowed to take a seat as a Rep-
resentativeiuthe American Congress. No trai-
tor should ever be allowed to contaminate these
beautiful Ilalls. The great and vital interests
of this broad land should never, no, never, bo
placed in suchhaiids. No pardons, no repent-
ance should ever open these doors to him.
These majestic emblems of freedom should
never be desecrated by his presence.
UNION PARTY.
It is said, M>\ Chairman, that the Union
party is opposed to the reunion of the States,
and is trying to prevent its accomplishment.
I deny any such purpose. The party that for
four years carried on this war for the Union,
that supported the Administration in the da3'S
of darkness and gloom against traitors at home
as well as in the field, that strengthened its
hands and sustained its policy, will not desert
the cause now. This party, so far as I know,
do not desire to keep the Representatives of
those States lately in rebellion out of Congress
one moment longer than is necessary for the
public good. But the great question settled
by this war, the great principles of eternal jus-
tice, must not be sacrificed or ignored by any
act of this Union party. We all desire, I hope,
the accomplishment of union and harmony with
all the States represented on our common flag.
But it must be done so that we shall have no
more rebellions and no more controversies to
embitter our relations, growing out of the causes
that led to the late rebellion. These should be
settled now and forever. When that is accom-
plished, a grand and glorious future awaits us.
Then will be realized the grand purpose of our
fathers in the creation of this Government.
"With the finest soil, the most beautiful rivers
and lakes, the most enterprising and intelligent
population, we will then take our stand proudly
and gloriously among the nations of the world,
the model Republic, with universal intelligence,
freedom,and equality, as the great lights to guide
us in our advancement in the pathway of civili-
zation. Then may wc well exclaim of our coun-
try : How beautiful are thy tabcrnacles! What
people are like unto thee? The high places
are thine, and there shalt thou stand firmly,
innocently, and securely.
PUNISHMENT OF TRAITORS.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Chairman, I have
no written speech prepared to read to you this
evening, and the remarks that I shall make will
be brief, and of an extemporaneous character.
I propose for a short time to investigate a
subject brought to view in the message of the
President, on the eleventh page, if I recollect
right, where he speaks of treason against the
Government having been committed, and of the
necessity of trying traitor? and punishing them,
making the crime of treason infamous. I re-
gard this as a very important question; and not-
withstanding I have heard many able speeches
and many hours of debate on this floor, I have
heard but little allusion to this subject. I have
no doubt that this subject is to some extent
unpopular,from false impressions that have been
made by many, by efforts that have been made
to stigmatize those that believe treason is a
crime, and that it ought to be punished, and to
represent them as acting from motives of malice
or hatred toward the South. Now, sir, I do
not feel that I have any hatred to the South, or
any disposition to take revenge upon any man.
It was my fortune to be born in that portion of
onr country denominated the South. I spent
more than thirty years of my life in that part
of the world. I was born among slaveholders
and was surrounded to some extent by slaves,
and if I have prejudices—and I suppose I have,
for it would be a very singular circumstance to
find a man that was not to some extent under
the influence of prejudice—those prejudices are
in favor of the South and southern people.
But, sir, I believe that the happiness and the
welfare of this great Republic demand that we
shall have a Government, and that that Govern-
ment shall be maintained inviolate.
The object of government, Mr. Chairman, I
understand tu be, not to confer rights and priv-
ileges upon men, but to secure to each and
every inhabitant of the land the rights that God
has bestowed upon him. Good government
aims to secure, not the rights of a part of the
citizens, but of each and every one ; not a part
of the rights of each and every one, but the
full, free, and untrammeled exercise and enjoy-
ment of all those rights that God has bestowed
upon human nature. This I understand to be
the design of government. And just in propor-
tion as this enjoyment of all these rights is se-
cured to the inhabitants of a country, just in that
proportion are those inhabitants happy and pros-
perous. And just in proportion as these nat-
ural rights are invaded and trampled upon, so
do the people become wretched and miserable.
Then, sir, it is not only necessary that we
should have laws defining the duties of citizens
to each other, but that those laws should have
penalties annexed to them. Every man knows
that laws without penalties amount to the same
as no laws at all. It is admitted that laws must
