3T2
APPENDIX IPO THE OOKG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April ?,
39th Cong,.-..1st S
Laws of the United States.
For repairs and incidental expenses of light-
houses and lighted beacons, one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in estimate for repairs
at d incidental expenses at light-houses, fifty
thousand dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and eighty-nine
keepers of light-houses and lighted beacotis,
and their assistants, two hundred and thirteen
thousand one hundred and ninety-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
For salaries of forty-three keeper's of light-
vessels, twenty-three thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For mates' and seamen's wages, repairs, sup-
plies, and incidental expenses of forty-three
light-vessels, two hundred and eighteen thou-
sand nine htfiidred and seventeen dollars and
seventy-five cents.
To supply deficiency in estimates for sea-
men's wages, repairs, supplies, and incidental
expenses for light-vessels, twenty-three thou-
sand three hundred and twenty-one dollars and
seventy-five cents.
For expenses of weighing, cleaning, repair-
ing, painting, replacing, and supplying losses
or' buoys, chains, moorings, and incidental
expenses of the same, and for repairing and
keeping in repair all the day-marks, beacons,
spindles, and monuments, and for expenses of
coloring and numbering all the buoys and bea-
cons, one hundred and twelve thousand three
hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation, two thousand dol-
lars.
For the coasts of California, Oregon, and
Washington:
For supplying light-houses and beacon-lights
with oil, glass chimneys, and wicks, chamois
skins, polishing powder, and other cleaning ma-
terials, transportation, and expenses of keep-
ing lamps and machinery in repair, thirty-three
thousand and thirty dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses of light-
houses and lighted beacons, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For salaries of forty keepers and assistant
keepers of light-houses, at an average not
exceeding eight hundred dollars per annum,
thirty-two thousand dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, remooring, and supplying losses of
floating buoys and beacons, and for chains and
sinkers for the same, and for coloring and num-
bering all the buoys, ten thousand dollars.
To supply deficiency in estimate for raising,
cleaning, painting, remooring, and supplying
losses of buoys, fifty thousand dollars.
For special works, viz:
For rebuilding sea-wall at Sand's Point light-
station, New York, fourteen thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For rebuilding sea-wall and repairs to tower
at Nayat Point light-house, Rhode Island, six
thousand five hundred dollars.
For replacing the present stakes at White-
hall Narrows, New York, by approved struc-
tures, nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Little Gull
Island light-station, New York, three thousand
dollars.
For a new light-house on Hart Island, New
York, or vicinity, six thousand six hundred
dollars.
For a new light-house on North Brother
Island, or vicinity, East River, New York,
eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Split Rock
light-station, Lake Champlain, nine thousand
six hundred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Galloo Island
light-station, fifteen thousand dollars.
For beacons in Providence river, Rhode Isl-
and, on Conanicut and Bullock's Points, in
addition to previous appropriations, seventeen
thousand dollars.
For banking in light-house site at Cohansey,
Delaware bay, four thousand five hundred
dollars.
For a new iron stairway at Cape Henlopen
light-hOuse; twelve thousand dollars.
For a iiew light-house at Sharp's Island,
Maryland, fifteen thousand dollars.
For hew lantefiis at Clay Island; Fog Point,
Watt's Island, Turkey Point, Havre de Grace,
and Fishing Battery light-houses, six thousand
dollars.
For a new iro'h stairtvay at Cape Henry light-
house, Virginia, twelve thousand dollars.
For new iron stairways at Cape Lookout and
Cape Hatteras light-hou'sea, North Carolina,
twenty thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Turtle Island
light-station, Ohio, twelve thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Green Island light-house,
Ohio, thirteen! thousand seven hundred dollars.
For protecting the foundation on which Wau-
goshance light- house is constructed, ninety thou-
sand dollars.
For renovations -and repairs at Windmill
Point light-house, Lake Saint Clair, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
For rebuilding outer-range' light at Cedar
Point, Sandusky bay, Ohio, tweinty thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
For range lights at Portage entry, Michigan,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For new keeper's dwelling at Beaver Island
light-station, Michigan, five thousand eightliuri-
dred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Marquette
light-station, Michigan, thirteen thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs and renovations at Cooper Har-
bor light-station, Michigan, thirteen thousand
seven hundred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Ontonagon
light-station, Michigan, fourteen thousand dol-
lars.
For beacon-lights at the mouth of Fox river,
Wisconsin, six thousand dollars.
For a beacon-light on the landing at Santa
Barbara, California, six thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
To enable the Light-House Board to reestab-
lish lights and other aids to navigation discon-
tinued by the enemy on the southern coast, one
hundred thousand dollars.
To enable the Light-House Board to experi-
ment with new illuminating apparatus and fog
signals, three thousand four hundred dollars.
_ For a new light-house at the mouth of North
river, Albemarle sound, North Carolina, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Tybee light-
house, Georgia, twenty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding light-house at Presque Isle,
Pennsylvania, (Lake Erie,) upon the most eli-
gible site under the control of the Light-House
Board, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Mamaguda
light-station, Detroit river, seven thousand five
hundred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Kenosha
light-station, Wisconsin, four thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of public build-
ings, especially southern buildings, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous
items for the same, fifteen thousand dollars.
For Continuation of the north wing of the
Treasury extension, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For completion of the Dubuque, Iowa, cus-
tom-house, post office, and United States court-
roota, fifteen thousand dollars.
_ For completion of alterations of the Cin-
cinnati custom-house, twenty-two thousand
dollars.
For completion of alterations of the Phila-
delphia custom-house, thirty thousand dollars.
lor payment of claims due for the construct-
ing and furnishing the Baltimore court-house,
one hundred and nine thousand dollars.
For payment of claims due for the repaii
of Government warehouses and construction
of wharves, Staten Island, New York, twenty-
nine thousand dollars.
For burglar-proof safes, or vaults, twenty
thousand dollars.
For heating of old Treasury building, ten
thousand dollars.
For office furniture and repairs of furni-
ture and miscellaneous expenses for Treasury
bureaus, Washington, twenty thousand dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
For error in compensation of employ6s in
the Interior Department, to wit: one messen-
ger, af one thousand dollars, and two assist-
ants, at eight hundred and forty dollars each,
forty dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen at
the President's House, at six hundred dollars,
each, per annum, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For additional compensation of twenty per
centum to two night watchmen, at six hundred
dollars cach, two hundred and forty dollars.
For deficiency due the Navy Department, for
use of pile-driver, men, oil, and engine, while
repairing navy-yard bridge, two thousand nine
hundred and fifty-nine dollars and sixty-six
cents.
For deficiency in consequence of relaying and
repaving all the crossings of the streets inter-
secting Pennsylvania avenue, on the north side,
from the Capitol to the Treasury Department,
ten thousand dollars.
For deficiency in repairing the conservatory
at the President's House, seven thousand five
hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to properly refurnish and repair the Presi-
dent's House, in conformity with his estimate,
forty-six thousand dollars, the old furniture to
be disposed of under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
For purchase of coal and pay of firemen to
warm the Library of Congress, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For care, support, medical and surgical treat-
ment for forty transient paupers,- medical and
surgical patients, in some proper medical insti-
tution in the city of Washington, to be selected
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings, twelve
thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, four hundred dollars.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to
replace, when necessary, such as have been
planted by the United States, to whitewash
tree-boxes and fences, and to repair pavements
in front of the public grounds, throe thousand
dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-
closets, public stables, water-pipes, pavements,
and other walks within the Capitol square,
broken glass, and locks, and for the protec-
tion of the building, and keeping the main
approaches to it unincumbered, in addition
to old material sold, eight thousand dollars.
For fitting up rooms in the basement, under
the court-room of the Supreme Court, for a
consultation room for the court, six thousand
five hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to pay for sewers and paving in front of
Government property constructed under the act
of May five, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
thirty-two thousand and seventy dollars : Pro-
vided, That no payment shall be made on ac-
count of any appropriation herein contained to
reimburse the city of Washington for improve-
ments heretofore constructed in front of or
through the public grounds, until the items
have been properly examined and audited as
to legality and amount by the proper officer
of the Treasury.
For improvement of grounds, purchase of
