1792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
as Mr. Brooks, have the right to make and. thus
set up their will and choice.
VI. That this is not only reasonable but the
law as settled by this House. I now refer the
House io
1. Howard vs. Cooper, 2 Contested Elec-
tions, 2S2.
2. Biair vs. Barrett, 2 Contested Elections,
308 and 815.
8. Coffroth and Koontz at this term, where
soldiers' votes were rejected, because, as the
committee say in their report—
" Of the eight alleged us rejected returns for Adams
county, the three trom the hospitals, namely: Mower,
Cuylcr, and McClellan, (papers 23, 24, 25,J are by all
the committee admitted to be too defectively certified
ami authenticated to be entitled to any consideration.
The law ill relation to the certifying, sisiiin?, and
returning with the poll-book the evidence of the ad-
ministcrin? the oath to the officers of the election
(sections live and fifteen) was wholly disrcp-aided.
(Sec also on this point the ease of Blair ?;■■;. J^u'rett,
Bartlett's Contested-Election Cases, p;u;e 315, and
cases there cited.) So aUo in the ease of company C,
two hundred and second lcstimont, (paper 22,) where
only one jud-rc of election appears to have been ap-
pointed, or sworn, or acted, the committee were alike
unanimous in tlieii opinion that the return was in-
valid,! scv t ions four and five,) the law expressly requir-
ing three, (See also Howard r<r. Cooper, Bartlett's
Coim>ted-l'jlocfiuu Cases, page 232.) The returns of
company 1, two hundred and tenth i ogiment, (paper
3o,) do not show that two of the judges or the clerks
were sworn, a certificate ot which the law (sections
five and fifteen) expressly requires. (Sec also case of
Blair vs. Barrett, above cited.)"
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to call the at-
tention of the gentleman to the fact that the
case of Coffroth v.i. Koontz cannot possibly be
considered as authority in this case. In that
ease neither had the certificate of election;
neither party was the sitting member. The
only question was, which party had the prima
facte case, so (hat the scat could be filled and
a contest inaugurated.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If the announce-
ment of that proposition made it so, then of
course I should be subdued on that point.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman certainly
will not deny that that was the question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The House has
as vivid a recoiled ion oi'that matter as either
the gentleman or myself can have.
Mr. MARSHALL. Was either gentleman
actually in the seat?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I will state the
case again. The House referred to us, as the
Committee of Elections, the question as to who
prima facie—that was the term used in the
order of the House—who prima facie was en-
titled to the seat. The committee went to work
to find out where that prima, jucte title was;
and the majority of the committee found that
it was in Mr. Coffroth. How did tliey find that
to be so? By finding that the safeguards pro-
vided by the election law iiad been omitted, by
failing lo certify the votes or failing to swear
the ollicers, or both. They found that the omis-
sion of that evidence of correctness left (he
prima fade case in Mr. Coffroth, and compelled
Mr. Koontz to prove that he was rightfully
elected, and rhat Mr. Coffroth was not.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will submit to the House that
there is no possible analogy between tho two
casps.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. If fhe gentleman
will allow me to proceed I have no doubt he
will have an opportunity to reply to my re-
marks if he desires. Now, 1 have cited three
cases, and I challenge gentlemen to cite any
ease, in contravention of those, where this
House has determined that when proof appears
in the case that the safeguards provided by the
election law have been disregarded, the burden
of proof is not (hereby shifted upon the party
who alleges the correctness of the election.
VII. If these cases be not law, then you strike
down at a blow, in matters connected with and
controlling the very sources and springs of all
national power and sovereignty, every possible
distinction between the observance of law and
the defiance of it—between fraud and purest
integrity—between an election conducted with
the moat religious observance of all the solemn
enactments designed to secure the purity of
the elections, and one in which every one of
these enactments was not merely ignored, but
ruthlessly and contemptuously defied.
Returns and certificates of elections which
were conducted throughout with scrupulous
observance of lav/, are never made any more
than prima facie evidence of what was the re-
sult of an election. Let it be decided here to-
day. by this House, that these returns shall be
just as much as that, when it is proved to the
House that every rule and requirement of the
law, meant to secure the purity of the election
was utterly trodden down, then, indeed, you
members of this House, who are the framers of
the national law, will have said to the nation that
you know no distinctions between the observ-'
ance of the law and its profligate and outrageous
violation. And you will have sent out from
this sanctuary of the nation's authority a stab
at the authority and sway of "the law" which
may reach the nation's heart, and the deadly,
effects of which will be potent enough to enable
these Halls of the people's sovereignty to be
filled, not with the chosen representatives of that
authority, but with the instruments of them who
are tho most experienced in the practices of
villainy, most skilled in the instrumentalities
of fraud, the most bold and reckless in the dis-
regard of law, and the most debauched by the
influences of crime.
Let us now see whether theic was in this
election the pieoencc of Mich disregard of law
as lakes fiom the pioceedings and returns of
these two boards of election officers (the regis-
ters and inspectors) which we have seen are for
all the purposes of this trial blended into one,
that stamp of prima facie truth which the law
impresses upon the returns of officers whoso
proceedings appear to have been legal. First, it
must bo premised that all which has been said
in this debate about the election officers being
of the same politics with the contestant is, in
fhe view the committee has taken of the case,
utterly insignificant and frivolous. This is just,
because that it males no sort of difference
whether the violations of law were intentional
or unintentional, whether they were the results
of gross ignorance and reckless inattention to
duty or came from corrupt and meditated
fraud. In either ease the result is the same,
to wit: the gross violation of law, the striking
down of all safeguards against illegal voting,
and the loss of all evidence of the purity of
the election; and, as a consequence of these,
the withdrawal by the law of her seal, giving
authenticity and legal truth to the returns of
ollicers, thus ignorant, reckless, or fraudulent.
Now, look at. what occurred in this elec-
tion, and see whether it is one of those from
which the law withdraws her prima faric ap-
proval and compels them who affirm its purity
to pi ove it:
1. The law requires in express terms that
the three registers shall meet at a place desig-
nated for holding the poll of said election on
Tuesday, three weeks befoie the election, at
nine o'clock a. m. (Page 21.) But they met
at a place not designated; for none then was
designated.
2. The law required them, in express terms,
to " sit'' together as'a board for two days, if
that time were necessary in order to make up
fhe lists. (Page 22.) But they did not '' sit"
together at all as a board.
o. The law required, in express terms, that
the registers and sworn clerk, and no one else,
should enter the nanys of them "entitled to
I vote" from the poll-list of the last election.
I But the entries were not at all made by the
S board or its clerk, but sometimes by one mem-
I ber, sometimes by an unappointed and unsworn
stranger to the law, called by courtesy a clerk,
sometimes by the grocery-keeper, Thompson,
sometimes by his customers at the liquor store,
and always in the absence of the board. And
the names, in the main, were not taken "from
the poll-list of the last general election," as the
law expressly required, but in part from the
poll-list of Thompson's liquor customers and
in part from the fancy and memories of these
customers.
4. The law required that these registers should
'1 be residents and voters in the district in which
theya.se so appointed." (Page 21, section one.)
But neither one of them were such.
5. The law required that their clerk should
be appointed and sworn. (Pago 900, section
nine.) But he who acted, and acted, too, when
by himself, doing all the judicial duties of the
full board, and also of the clerk, was neither
appointed nor sworn. This alone avoids tho
whole registry. (See Howard vs. Cooper, 2
Contested Elections, 282.)
G. The law requires that the board should
" meet at eight o'clock in the morning of the
Tuesday preceding the election,'and remain in
session until nine o'clock p. m. of that day and
the following day, for revising, correcting, and
completing said lists." (Pago 24.)
But such a board never met at all; but only
two of them ever met at this second meeting.
7. The law required that this registry be
made up and completed at the place designated
for the election, (page 21,) and that it be posted
up in the "room" where it was made, that is
at the "room" where the election is held.
(Page 24.) But it was neither made nor posted
up at the " room'' where the election was held.
8. The law requires that this board at first
meeting should sit, at most, but two days.
(Page 22.) But most of the business was done
on the third day, and at a time when even the
board had no " power" to sit to do the business.
The business„was done by the liquor seller or
other outsiders on this third day.
9.'The law requires that the entire board
should sit in "open" session and "hear" all
persons residing in tho district as to their right
to vote. (Pages 24 and 23, sections three, four,
and five.) But no such meeting or hearing ever
occurred.
1(1. The law requires that, at this last meet-
ing, the said three inspectors shall "erase"
from register tho name of any person inserted
therein who shall be proved, by the oaths of
two legal voters of the district to the satisfac-
tion of the inspectors, to be not entitled to
vote. (Page 25.) And so also new names maybe
inserted where proved to be voters. (Page 25.)
But there was neither hearing, proving to
satisfaction, nor meeting of this board.
11. The law prohibits the vote of any man
being received whose name is not on the regis-
ter, unless he first proves why he did not ap-
pear on the day for correcting lists, and also
that he has the right to vote. (Page 20.)
But such proof was required of no man,
whether his name was on no list at all, or was
upon this utterly worthless list.
Such, sir, were only some of the violations
of law which entered into the making up of
this registry.
j£o\y, sir, if this is a good registry, I beg to
be informed what would be a bad one. The dis-
regard of law was utterly flagrant and radical.
It extended to every part and stage of the pro-
ceeding, and was gros-j and palpable, rendering
the accuracy and legality of the registry abso-
lutely impossible.
Sir, this was the registry which was used as
the first solemn sworn and unquestioned judg-
ment of an election court of Xew York, adju-
dicating and deciding that every name upon it
was the name of a legal voter of that district.
One copy of this judgment was put by the laws
of Xew York info the hands oi each of the in-
spectors of the election, (section six,) and if, was
by them "used on election day" (section six)
for the two purposes and to perform all fhe high
powers of a good registry under the laws of
Now York, to wit:
(1.) To entitle every man whose name was on
it (or, rather, who claimed to own one of the
names upon it,) to vote unless somebody should
take an appeal from that judgment of the (fic-
titious in this case) registers which put the name
there : this appeal being taken alone by chal-
lenge.
(2.) To exclude every honest voter of the dis-
