tact from voting because his name wasnotupon
a register where lie had, from want of any legal
meeting of the registers and of notice, no oppor-
tunity to have it put, unless such voter should
find out where this election was being held in
the stable, and should be able to prove his right
to vote.
Shall the law be mocked here by its being
said that a registry so potent in controlling that
election did not affect the validity of the elec-
tion-; that it did not become a part of such elec-
tion ; that its illegality did not as much spoil
the prima facie goodness and truth of that elec-
tion as the election in Van Buren township was
spoiled in the case of Howard vs. Cooper by
reason of one of its inspectors being absent?
(2 Contested Elections, page 282.)
Here, surely, T might stop and say that every
decency of the law would be outraged by hold-
ing that such a registry, and such an election,
conducted upon the faith of its legality and
purity, is as prima facie good and pure and
true as one conducted according to law.
Now, the result to which I am brought by
these considerations I will again state. It is
' not that there was no election held there; it is
not that no voter could prove himself to have
voted there ; not that no vote conld be counted
that was not in fact cast there; but it is that
when every safeguard which the law has pro-
vided to insure accuracy, purity, and truth in
tlie election and in the election returns has
been disregarded and stricken down, then the
burden of proof is devolved upon the party
who maintains the purity of the election.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if I am not mistaken in
ray understanding of the law and the facts,
what I have stated shows that it devolved upon
the sitting member to establish the votes which
ho claims should properly be counted in his
favor in the fifteenth district of the eighteenth
ward. In maintaining this ground, 1 am not
taking any novel position ; 1 am talcing one that
is in exact harmony with every decision upon
the subject-matter that] have been able to find
in the history of the Government. I am taking
a position which is in harmony with reason. If
this position be not sound, then, as I have al-
ready suggested, you must give the same effect
to returns and proceedings which have been
conducted in total and flagrant violation of law
as to proceedings which are in all respects in
accordance with the law, a result which J insist
is simply monstrous. Stopping here, sir, it "does
seem to me in all fairness that the ease is made
out in favor of Mr. Dodge, because upon this
principle the vote of this election precinct must
■be rejected, for you cannot get at the truth as
to what vote was cast.
But, sir, if my time would permit, 1 might
go much further, and show by the evidence
produced before the committee what were the
facts in regard to that district. There is one
single fact which has been several times alluded
.to liere and which seems to me startling and
conclusive in its character. It was alleged
yesterday that there was some difference be-
tween the size of the present fifteenth and
twelfth districts, and the size of the old twelfth
district; and that therefore the figures to which
1 now allude are not to be relied on. Mr.
Speaker, that is a mistake. There is no dif-
ference ; the fifteenth and twelfth districts are
identical with the old twelfth district. Accord-
ing to the proof before the committee, the lar-
gest vote ever cast in what now makes up the
twelfth and fifteenth districts was 496. But in
the very next year there were cast in the same
district according to the return 811 votes, while,
according to the testimony, there were 200 or
300 voters who were prevented from polling
their votes by the arrival of sunset. Taking
the medium between 200 and 300, namely, 250,
and adding it to 811, we have 1,001 persons
voting in that district, when the district had
never before polled half that number of votes.
Yet the only proof bearing on that subject is
that there was in the district one tenement-
bouse less than there had been the year before.
Besides, sir, the two witnesses selected by the
sittingmember himself, on account of their sup-
39tii Cong. 1st Seas.—"No. "I"!'J.
posed purity and integrity and their presumed
familiarity with everybody in the district, testify
on cross-examination, that of all the persons
about whom they were asked, at least three
fourths , were missing-—could not be fouhdin
the district.
Now, sir, in view of such facts as I, have in-
dicated, I ask this House whether ii; will hesi-
tate to follow what I have shown to'be the in-
variable precedents during the entire history
of the Government. I beg members to pause
before precedents like these shall be set aside.
I beg them to consider what will be the result
of a proposition like this that an election con-
ducted in any State of the Union where it ap-
pears to the House that all the substantial
requisites of precaution and safety have been
disregarded, that such returns are to have
prima facie conclusiveness of a good election.
You will have the result that there will be no
difference, as I have remarked, between an
election held in total disregard of the law pro-
vided a man can get the'certificate,.and one
where the law was most sacredly observed.
Nay, more, Mr. Speaker, you put, a contest-
ant every time he has been deprived of his
seat by wrong or fraud into the hard position
of proving a negative, of proving what it is
ordinarily impossible ever to prove; "and the
more skilled the fraud the more irievitable the
defeat of the injured contestant. He cannot,
I venture to affirm in the hearing of the
House, in one case in a hundred prove that
negative, to wit, that the sitting member did
not receive such and such votes. He cannot
prove by the selected instruments of the fraud,
the fraud that lias stricken down his rights.
Look at the spectacle presented in this case.
If you adopt that rule, that, an election held in
disregard of the election laws is to be held as
prima facie evidence of the right of the sitting
member, then you drive the injnngd party to a
contest and yon make him prove a negative.
If he proves it, he proves it by thepartios who
committed the fraud. It was attempted in this
case when (Seogliegan was presented. My
friends on the other side have been eloquent
in urging that no such man is worthy of credit.
1 beg my follow-members of the House of
Representatives to pause on the threshold of
this case. 1 tell you that you disport yourselves
in the forge of the gods and play with live
thunder when you lightly dispose of principles
which will forever control the structure of
the American House of Representatives. Do
not hero to-day adopt a rule which will permit
the House of Representatives to be put in a
position where every man making a contest is
to be called to prove by the instruments wh-o
deprived him of his seat, the men who swin-
dled him, that the sitting member did not get
the voles fraudulently returned.
I here leave my part of the case. I know
that my duty lias been poorly discharged.
Mr. PAINE obtained the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to ask my colleague
a question, as he is a member of the Committee
of Elections. How does he cure the irregu-
larities in the thirteenth district of the twenty-
first ward, where all the officers left the polls
and retired to a liquor shop, and were gone
some half an hour, leaving the votes without
anv protector?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Iam glad my col-
league has called my attention to that fact. 1
will leave the mam presentation of it to the
chairman of the committee. The tact is this:
that there was no adjournment or postpone-
ment within tlie meaning of the law. If they
all went, and there is a difference in the tes-
timony on that point, it was only- for twenty
minutes to get some refreshments. I would
not, as a member of the committee, think that
it was either a postponement or an adjourn-
ment within the meaning of the statute. And
second, if I am mistaken.in that, the weight
of testimony is that before going to supper the
canvass of the congressional vote had been com-
pleted. That is in the testimony of Mr. Fox.
Mr. PAINE. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. ' SBaifeasked thegsffite-
man to give mc two or three minutes in order
that I may acidify, the resolutron %h.ich I pre-
sented yesterday! .Before-sSating'the modifica-
tion I wish to thiink my colleagig fi-'oin Ohit)
[Mr. Sheilaba!w5-br] for baring Ms sword a ad
letting-us see the'lgecn edge with whiehhepro-*
poses' to out. I wish to say that in the' propo-
sitions he has advanced I am more s&onMy
convinced than before of the necessity for tie
passage of the resolution which I have sub-
mitted. He says if it is admitted the registry-
was illegal it would not invalidate the election,
bu-t it would invalidate th eptfma facie evidence
of the correctness of the return and wottld throw
the burden of proof upon the party who claimed
the election as illegal. That is his proposition
and that is the gravamen of his argtitaent. "JE
will meet his proposition by the report &t the
committee. They say:
, "Tho committee are, however, of tlie opinion- that
it was competent foroithercontestantorsitting mem-
ber to prove the casting of legal votes at this poll,
even without a register."
Now, it is precisely that thing which both,
the gentleman in his argument and the com-
mittee in their report declare it is a proper
thing to do that we ask them to go forward and
do for the reasons which I will now fetate. All
parties admit that those persons who were
registered in the old twelfth district, -and* new
belong to the present fifteenth distinct, were
legally registered voters and have ft legal right-
to vote, and those persons constitute a rely
large proportion of the voters or the alleged
voters in the fifteenth district. Now, by the
report of the committee wc are asked to throw
out the whole district, a large number of whosG
voters are by all parties agreejl on a former
occasion to have been legally registered. We
now ask tho committee to go further into the
question, and allowthe contestant and the sitting
member to make proof of how many there were
in that pre.cinct that were really legally entitled
to vote.
I ask now for the reading of my resolutions,
and then I will leave the case.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resulvcd, That the testimony taken as to Hon.
James Brooks be recommitted to tho Committee of
Elections, with instructions to report especially:
The facts as to the custom, under the laws of New
York, of appointing inspectors of tho, registry of elec-
tions not residing in tho particular oleotion districts
in which they act.
Also, thut tho. contestant and sitting member be
permitted to make proof of the casting of legal votes
m the fifteenth distriet of the eighteenth ward; 'and
that th o committee be a utliorized to prescribe tho time
and manner of taking the necessary testimony.
Mr. GARFIELD. Just let me say that I
have left it with the committee to prescribe the
time and manner of taking this testimony, and
they can require the parties to produce all their
testimony in ten days or two weeks. This is
not a proposition for an indefinite postpone-
ment or for delay.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to
agree with either tho majority or minority of the
Committee of Elections in this ease. For the
first .time I found myself "solitary and alone"
in the committee. Of course it is hardly possi-
ble that I am right; and nevertheless 1 must
either vote in accordance with my own convic-
tions or, as a mere machine, in obedience to
the judgment of others. In justice, therefore,
to all concerned, I ought to state, in a few
words, the considerations which are decisive
of my vote.
The ease seems to me to hinge upon the
question whether the invalidity of the register
of the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward
is a sufficient ground for the rejection of the
official returns of the canvassers of that dis-
trict. I am of the opinion that the register
was not prepared at the place, in the mode, at
the time, or by tho persons authorized by law,
and was of no validity ; that it was used as a
register at-the polls, and that few of the votes
received were accompanied by the affidavits
provided for by the registry law of New York,
in eases where tho names of voters are nof
duly registered. But 1 am not satisfied thai
