1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2753
the tax included, there shall be a tax of only
two dollars, and that where the market value
exceeds eight dollars, and is not over twelve
dollars, the tax shall be four dollars. It seems
to me that this ought to meet the requirements
of those sections of the country that produce
tobacco for the manufacl ^e of cheap cigars.
It seems to me this arrangement will meet all
the wants of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I wish to modify rny amend-
ment before the vote is taken by inserting the
word "other" at the end of the eleventh line.
I now move, pro forma, to strike out the last
words of the paragraph, with a view simply to
say I do not appreciate the force of the argu-
ment which objects to ascertaining the value
exclusive of the tax. The gentleman says
there is no market value until the tax is laid
and included in the computation. He says
there must be first a sale and the tax included
to get up the market value. I think so long
as the rule of subtraction is to be found in our
arithmetics we can find what is the market
value exclusive of so much deducted from the
market value which may be the amount of the
tax as easily as we can put the tax on. As a
gentleman near me says, it is only a question
of_arithmetic, of simple subtraction and addi-
tion, and nothing else.
But the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] says it will open the door to fraud; and
so does the experienced gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] who has just ad-
dressed the House. Why? Because we have
not provided sufficiently against fraud in this
legislation heretofore. The other day some
gentlemen representing a New York tobacco
interest called on me and finding I was not
much impressed with the force of their argu-
ment, said, " If you will make this particular
classification we will evade it, as we have done
before." "How?" I inquired. "We will sell
to our journeymen the leaf tobacco, let them
manufacture it, then we will buy it back for
just as much as will pay them reasonably their
wages and call that the market value, and then
wp will sell for whatever we can get for it and
pay the tax according to that market value."
Mr. STEVENS. That is the way in which it
was done before.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I say, therefore, all that
is needed is to classify or adopt something
approaching the ad valorem system, and have
appraisements made so as to prevent these
fraudulent appraisements. I will read an
amendment I propose to offer further on in
the bill as an amendment to the amendment
intended to be moved by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.] He proposes to
require the appraisement shall be made by the
inspecting and appraising officers under cer-
tain regulations, so as to prevent these fraud-
ulent arrangements between the manufacturer
and his journeymen. I propose to add to that
the following:
And in addition to other regulations it shall be the
duty of the inspector or assessor who appraises any
cigars, cigarettes, or cheroots, to examine the manu-
facturer thereof or his agent under oath, which oath
shall be administered by the inspecting and apprais-
ing officer and reduced to writing, and signed by such
manufacturer or his agent with a view to ascertain-
ing whether such manufacturer has any interest di-
rect or indirect in any sale that has been made or any
resale to be made of said cigars, cigarettes, or che-
roots, by the concealment of which he, seeks to obtain
a false, fraudulent, or deceptive appraisement.
I know oaths in custom-houses and under
excise laws are taken most loosely and seem
to have but little'binding force ordinarily upon
consciences; but oaths may be prescribed con-
nected with a system of appraisement, and the
party shall endanger himself and put himself
m jeopardy of the penitentiary if he undertakes
to commit a fraud.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, it seems to me some gentlemen
have been laboring under erroneous ideas. I
believe if the committee generally understand
the question they will be in favor of that form
of tax that will produce the most revenue.
'39th Gonu. 1st Sejs.—No. 173.
Now, for one, whatever course may be
adopted, if we can encourage our home in-
dustry in producing the article by a certain
system of taxation and at the same time secure
the most revenue I believe the great majority
will be in favor of that system whatever it
may be. It is true that this or that indi-
vidual may be in favor of a particular plan,
because it is bounded by his own particular sec-
tion. But I wish the committee for a moment
to look at the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.] The gentleman
complains, as I understand him, of the present
tax on account of the fact that the article of
tobacco which sells for ten cents a pound is
taxed the same as that which sells for twenty
cents. But what is the remedy he proposes ?
The gentleman's amendment does not obviate
the difficulty. Ho proposes by his amendment
to tax the individual who manufactures cigars
worth $12 50 a thousand just as much as the
one who manfactures cigars worth twenty dol-
lars. Or if one manufacturer makes cigars
worth forty dollars a thousand and another
makes cigars worth forty-one dollars the gen-
tleman would make the latter pay forty dollars
extra tax, thereby carrying out the very plan
and system which he objects to under the
present law.
The gentleman says that under thepresentlaw
he who raises tobacco worth ten cents a pound
pays the same tax as he who raises tobacco
worth twenty cents. And yet he brings in an
amendment which proposes that the man who
manufactures cigars worth forty dollars a thou-
sand shall pay twenty dollars tax, but he who
makes cigars worth $-10 50 a thousand shall pay
forty dollars tax. What is that but introducing
the same principle which he objects to under
the present law ?
I wish to say a word in regard to the state-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] He says that the system
which has been adopted has destroyed the
trade in Pennsylvania, while it had operated
in favor of tobacco-growers in Connecticut.
Now, the fact is that in the Connecticut valley
there was only one half the tobacco raised last
year that was raised the year before, and
scarcely a pound of it has been sold. While
the gentleman's constituents complain about
having their tobacco on hand, and not being
able to sell it, the same fact is true in regard
to the raisers of tobacco through the Connect-
icut valley, and instead of its being worth
forty to fifty cents a pound they would be glad
to sell it now at from twenty to twenty-five
cents.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire whether
they are planting tobacco this year.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. They
did not plant last year, owing to the tax, but
about one half what they planted the previous
year, and the probability is this year they will
not plant more than one half what they did
last year. The gentleman asks, where is the
difficulty ? The constituents of the gentlemen
from the West have their tobacco on hand and
have not been able to sell it. The same is true
in the Connecticut valley. Where, then, is the
difficult}' ? It lies, not in the excess of tax, but
under the tariff. As has been demonstrated
during the past year imported cigars pay a tax
of about ton dollars a thousand, and that is
just about the amount of the excise tax. Ac-
cordingly they have been imported from Havana
cheaper than the manufacturer can afford them
here. And thus foreign cigars have come, in
and have taken the place of our own manufac-
tured cigars. There is the difficulty. What,
then, is the remedy? Raise the tariff. Make
it so that lie who uses tobacco shall be obliged
to use the American production, and then you
will find a very great difference in the state of
things.
But now look at the bill as it stands. The
fine-cut chewing-tobacco of about the same
quality that is used in making the best cigars
pays a tax of forty cents a pound, and it takes
of this tobacco after the waste is thrown out
about ten pounds to make a thousand cigars.
Now, under the present tax, take the very
best cigars that arc manufactured and you tax
it a dollar a pound, while the same article in
the form of fine-cut chewing-tobacco pays
only forty cents.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] will accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] It seems to me that it must
be entirely acceptable to him in principle.
Mr. SCHENCK. After consultation with
our friends from the West, I have concluded
to accept the amendment proposed to my
amendment by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. Schexck's amendment as modified was*
read, as follows:
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco,
inclosed in a wrapper or binder, and not over three
and a half inches in length, and on cigars made
with twisted heads, the market value of which (ex-
clusive of the tax) is not over six dollars per thou-
sand, a tax of two dollars per thousand.
On all other cigars four dollars per thousand and
forty percent, ad valorem ; Provided, That in assess-
ing the said ad valorem duty the first ten dollars val-
uation shall not be assessed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move to
strike out the last word of that amendment.
I have felt some regret, Mr. Chairman, at
hearing the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] and the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paine] speak upon this question, as it
seemed to me, under the influence of localities.
The gentlemen seemed to vie with each other in
the ambition to advertise to the country through
the columns of the Globe that they grow a
very inferior quality of tobacco in their States.
[Laughter.] One would be satisfied, from
listening to their arguments, that the article
which they raise in their respective States is
hardly fit to be boiled up into a concoction to
kill the nits on their calves. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say to my friend
from Connecticut that I admit that they raise
tobacco and onions in his State far superior
to those we raise in Pennsylvania.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. If that
be so, I want to know why it is that the gen-
tleman envies us the superiority of our prod-
ucts.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Speaker resumed the chair, ana
the House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
TAX BILL.
Mr. DAVIS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; andihe House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 518) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was on the following
amendment offered by Mr. Schexck:
Strike out from line twenty-two hundred and nine
to twenty-two hundred and eighteen inclusive, and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
On cigarette^, or small eig.irs, made of tobacco, in-
closed in a wrapperorbinder, and not overthree and
a half inches in length, and on cigars made with
twisted heads, the market value of which (exclusive
of the tax) is not over six dollars per thousand, a
tax of two dollars per thousand.
On all other cigars four dollars per thousand, and
forty per cent, at I valorem, exclusive of the tax:
Provided, That in assessing the said ad valorem duty
the first ten dollars valuation shall not be assessed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Having accepted the
amendment proposed to my amendment by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
