1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
plants for garden, and contingent expenses
incident thereto, two thousand dollars.
For fuel, in part, for the President's House,
five thousand dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and President's
House, the public grounds around them, and
around the executive offices, and Pennsylvania
avenue, Bridge and High streets,in Georgetown,
Four-and-a-half street, Seventh and Twelfth
streets across the Mall, and Maryland avenue
west, and Sixth street south, eighty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs of the Potomac and upper bridges,
six thousand dollars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, and
keeping it clean, and for sprinkling the same,
ten thousand dollars.
For public reservation number two and La-
fayette square, in addition to any sum hereto-
fore received or that may hereafter be received
for the sale of hay raised on the grounds, two
thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's House, and continuingthe improve-
ment of the same, three thousand dollars.
For repairs of water-pipes, fire hundred dol-
lars.
For cleaning and repairing sewer traps on
Pennsylvania avenue, three hundred dollars.
For casual repairs of all the furnaces under
the Capitol, five hundred dollars.
For an additional watchman in reservation
number two, seven hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
For casing with stone and erecting a wall
in front of the north basement of the old part
of the Capitol, so as to correspond with the
south basement already completed, four thou
sand three hundred dollars.
For completing the sewerthrough the Botanic
Garden, twenty thousand five hundred and five
dollars.
For taking up and relaying with stone flag-
ging the briclc pavement in front of the War
and Navy Departments, on Seventeenth street,
three thousand dollars.
For stone crossings at the streets intersect-
ing Pennsylvania avenue, five thousand dollars.
For repairing, reglazing, repainting, and put-
ting in thorough order the greenhouse at the
President's, five thousand dollars.
For repairing roof of the old portion of the
Capitol, five thousand four hundred and fifty
dollars.
To meet the expenditure made by the Com'
missioner of Public Buildings in illuminating
the Capitol and the Government portion of the
City Hall, two hundred and fifty dollars.
For hauling manure for the public grounds,
five hundred dollars.
For the protection and improvement of
Franklin square, two thousand dollars. _
For painting the President's House inside
and out, eight thousand dollars; to be ex-
pended by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings.
For rebuilding fence (destroyed by fire)
around the Smithsonian Institution, two hun-
dred dollars.
For fuel for center building of Capitol, fif
teen hundred dollars.
For completing the dome of the Capitol, fifty
thousand dollars.
For supplying deficiency in appropriation
for lighting the Capitol and President's House
and public grounds around them, and around
the executive offices and Pennsylvania avenue :
Bridge and High streets, Georgetown; Four-
and-a-half street, Seventh street, and Twelfth
street across the Mall, and Maryland avenue
west, and Sixth street south, thirteen thousand
dollars.
For sweeping and cleamngPennsylvama ave
nue prior to the inauguration on the fourth of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, one
thousand dollars.
For carrying the Potomac water into that
portion of the President's House occupied for
offices, and all the necessary fixtures, three
thousand dollars.
For supplying deficiency in appropriation
for fuel for the President's House and Capi-
tol, six thousand dollars.
Forcontinuingthe wbrkon the Capitol exten-
sion, one hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For casual repairs of Patent Office building,
ten thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses incident to the
death and burial of Abraham Lincoln, late
President of the United States, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of warden of the jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, sixteen hundred dollars.
For the support and maintenance of the con-
victs transferred from the District of Columbia
to such place or places as may be selected by
the Secretary of the Interior, thirty thousand
dollars.
For the preservation of the collections of the
exploring and surveying expeditions of the
Government, four thousand dollars.
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE.
For publication of the laws, eight thousand
dollars.
For extra clerk hire, eight thousand dollars.
For the pay of the United States commis-
sioner, and for the pay of the United States
surveyor, and for incidental expenses in the
execution of the duty assigned to the joint
commission appointed under the first article
of the reciprocity treaty between the United
States and Great Britain of the fifth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, from Novem-
ber first, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, to
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
for drafting and compilation of the final chart,
showing the places '' reserved from the com-
mon liberty of fishing," their limits and de-
scriptions, fifteen hundred dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
For deficiency in appropriations for salaries
under act of March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, three thousand three hundred
dollars.
For deficiency in appropriation for contin-
gent expenses, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For pay of two temporary clerks from Jan-
uary first to June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, twelve hundred dollars.
For stationery, furniture, and other contin-
gencies, and for books and maps for the library
for the Interior Department, three thousand
dollars.
For compensation for temporary clerks m
the Pension Bureau, for the current fiscal year,
twenty thousand dollars.
GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL FOR THE INSANE.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the Army and Navy amd
the revenue-cutter service, and of the District
of Columbia, at the Government hospital for
the insane in said District, including five hun-
dred dollars for books, stationery, and inci-
dental expenses, ninety thousand five hundred
dollars.
For finishing, furnishing, and lighting addi-
tional accommodations in the east wing; for
new bedding for the west wing, and for the
extension and replanking of the coal wharf,
ten thousand dollars. ,
For continuation of the wall inclosing the
grounds of the hospital, ten thousand dollars.
For removing and repairing three old frame
houses and building two new cottages for the
occupation of the employes of the hospital
having families, six thousand dollars.
PATENT OFFICE.
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and
taking care of copyright books, charts, and
other copyright matter, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For preparing illustrations and descriptions
for report, six thousand dollars.
For finishing the saloon in the north wing
of the Patent Office building, and for furnish-
ing the same with suitable accommodations
for the reception and convenient exhibition of
the models, thirty thousand dollars: Provided,
That in the purchase of carpets for any of the
public buildings or offices under any appropria-
tions herein provided, they shall be of domestic
manufacture.
CENSUS OFFICE.
For making good the aggregate difference
between the original rates of salaries paid the
clerks and employes of the Census Office, be-
fore they were assigned to the General Land
Office, from June one to December thirty-one,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, two thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars and thirty-one
cents. _ .
For paying the salaries at the original census
rate, of principal cleric, and other clerks and
one employ6 from January one to June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, six thousand
four hundred and sixty dollars.
For incidental expenses of the Census Office,
fifteen hundred dollars.
In the office of the engineer, Department
of the Interior, viz:
For one clerk, six months, at one thousand
I eight hundred dollars per annum, nine hundred
dollars.
For one clerk, six months, at one thousand
five hundred dollars per annum, seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
For one clerk, six months, at one thousand
two hundred dollars per annum, six hundred
dollars.
For mileage of Government engineer from
Cincinnati, Ohio, to Omaha, Nebraska, and
thence to Washington, in July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, directed by the President
of the United States to examine and report
upon Union Pacific railroad routes west from
Omaha, two thousand nine hundred and two
miles, at ten cents per mile, two hundred and
ninety dollars and twenty cents.
For mileage of the same from'Washington to
New York and back, in August, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, on account of the Union
Pacific railway, two hundred and twenty-five
miles, each way, at ten cents per mile, forty-
five dollars.
For cost of completing bridge over Big Sioux
river, wear Sioux City, and Government wagon
road from Sioux City, Iowa, to Fort Randall,
Dakota Territory, in addition to former appro-
priations, ten thousand dollars.
For commutation of quarters and fuel to
officer of corps of Engineers, United States
Army, in charge of Engineer office, Department
of the Interior, agreeably to Army regulations,
from first August, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, to be paid by Department of the In-
terior, agreeably to Army regulations, eleven
hundred and thirty-seven dollars and sixty-four
cents.
For contingencies, two thousand dollars.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
For purchasing files of leading American
newspapers for the Library of Congress, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
To enable the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary to pay the first installment due on a con-
tract made with William II. Powell for a naval
picture to be placed in the Capitol, m pursu-
ance of a joint resolution approved March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, iwo
thousand dollars.
BOTANIC GARDEN.
For grading, draining, procuring manure,
tools, fuel, and repairs, purchasing trees and
shrubs, under the direction of the Library Com-
mittee of Congress, three thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
