3714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
it ought to make a liberal appropriation for
experiments as to its utility. As we have an
experimental garden here, I hope our Com-
missioner of Agriculture will devote as much
rif his attention as he can spare to the collec-
tion of flaxseed from all quarters of the globe
and to experiments in the difference^ of the
fiber and oils of the product of the different
seeds.
The culture of flax has been retarded in this
country by the prevalent idea that it is the most
exhaustive of the soil of all crops. It is an old
scarecrow that you cannot raise fl&x man the
same soil but once in seven years. Is ow, the
wool crop has been called the most remunera-
tive of all crops to the soil. The longer you
feed your sheep upon a given quantity of land
the richer it becomes. Hence this Govern-
ment should insist that not one pound of wool
should be brought into the United States from
any quarter whatever unless under circum-
stances of an extraordinary character. For,
although the sheep may be deficient in wool
and deficient in carcass, she everywhere leaves
the soil richer than she found it. She can
restore what is better than gold to our ex-
hausted mineral regions and carry vegetation
to the peaks of our mountains. Now, strange as
it may seem, agricultural experiments, backed
by chemical analysis, prove that the flaxseed
crop is more remunerative to the soil than the
\vool crop. What a wonderful advantage over
its successful competitor in peace, the cotton
crop. While France has exhaused legisla-
tion to save her sewerage, • and chemistry to
learn how to make up its deficient ammoniacal
properties and to turn it to the best account,
more crafty England, while profiting by French
lessons §nd experience, makes herself the best
patron of oil-cake in the world; and we, as
false to agriculture as we were when we made
the reciprocity treaty with Canada, have been
allowing a drawback upon all oil-cake exported.
We had better have allowed a drawback upon
■ exported gold ; for we can live without gold,
bat not upon an exhausted soil. Were it not
that I might be charged with mistaking this
House for an agricultural society, I should be
pleased to give the results of my own experi-
ence upon this subject, and also to make a few
extracts from the recent lectures of Professor
Mechi, the great agricultural lecturer of Eng-
land. If we are to leave a large debt to pos-
terity, let us at least leave to it the soil as rich
as we found it, so that they can dig out their
annual taxes. This bill rightly abolishes the
drawback. My assertion is this : that he who
sells Ms flaxseed and takes home with him to
feed out the product of that seed in oil-eake,
and uses his manures judiciously, keeps his
farm continually improving, and more so than
if he kept sheep. Hence we should not only
encourage the raising of flaxseed, but also the
manufacture of oil from the seed. We want
no foreign flaxseed competing with us. Ameri-
can seed alone should be ground at Ameri-
can mills and no oil-cake should be exported.
Besides its usefulness it is ornamental. Thou-
sands of dollars have been paid by American
breeders in England for cattle when they had
better at home; and the fact would have been
apparent had they used oil-cake instead of corn
for food. Oil-cake has not only all the fatten-
ing qualities of corn when used in the utmost
profusion, but it gives, a luster and velvet
touch to the hair of animals which can only
be attained by the most costly oils when fed
upon corn. Corn is the girl in the kitchen, the
animal in the shambles. Oil-cake is the same
girl in the ball-room, the same animal upon
the fair-grounds. Admitting that under the
homestead law a man gets his land for noth-
ing, this bill hardly affords the flax and
flaxseed grower proportionate protection to
other interests.
We first dig the holes for the posts with
spades that are protected. Then come the
cedar posts protected also. Then come the
boards protected also. Then come the nails
that are protected also, as well as the saw, the
ax, and the hammer. We then go to work
inside. The plows, the harrows, the planters,
the cultivators, and the harvesters are all pro-
tected. And we pay our protection in advance.
After running the risk of the drouth, floods,
and frosts, we may get a crop to sell. We make
no account of our liability to sickness. Trans-
portation long and expensive is still against
us. The agricultural interest asked for forty
cents duty upon a bushel of seed, and forty cents
upon a gallon of oil. The bill gives it thirty
cents, which is a large increase upon former
protection. Yet it is not proportionately large
to some of the articles in the bill which are
absolute necessities to farmers.
The same may be said of the duty upon cat-
tle and all,agricultural products. It is such an
improvement as strongly inclines me to favor
the bill, and I should do so if the excesses upon
other articles could be curtailed to a protective
revenue point. For the moment you make a
tariff prohibitory upon articles manufactured
by a few, and thereby destroy ^11 foreign com-
petition, home combinations at once raise the
prices to oppressive rates, and the agricultural
interest at once loses more than it has gained
by its protection.
Several instances have occurred, at this ses-
sion, where gentlemen have proposed to take
the duties from all agricultural products on the
ground that provisions ought to be cheap. I
do not see how it would cheapen provisions to
ruin all our farmers, as it certainly would if
the farmers were to be taxed highly by duties
to protect all their agricultural implements and
other necessities and then they bo compelled to
compete on equal terms with Canadian and
other farmers who have no war taxes_ to pay.
If you want cheap food, lighten the taxes upon
your farmers and thereby multiply them and en-
courage competition. Pennsylvania has taken
a step in the right direction. She has taken
the State taxes off from farms, the better to
enable their owners to patronize her manufac-
tories which are aggrandizing her State. The
farmers are not a complaining class of people.
The nature of their calling accustoms them to
burdens of all kinds. But when they see the
candies, sweetmeats, and champagne carried
■around, they know of no reason why they
should be passed by. They know of no reason
why the same protection extended to other
vocations should be denied to them.
One of the advantages of this bill is that it
provides for a Bureau of Sft,tistics which every
legislator, and especially upon the subject of
the tariff, much needs. To show the want of
such a bureau let us take the official statement
of the exports and imports of the year just
closed :
Exports   $466,646,132
Imports  409,411,513
357,234,620
Here isabalancein our favor of $57,000,000,
when our official coin and bullion statement
stands as follows:
Exports 877,496,083
Imports  8,823,975
Balance  $68,672,108
Now, all this surplus has not gone abroad
for interest. Yet our official tables tell us that
our exports have exceeded our imports. Mak-
ing all allowances for our shameful foreign
undervaluations and home fraudulent appraise-
ments, we still know that the balance of trade
has been largely against us. The discrepancy
arises from the fact that our imports are reck-
oned in gold and exports in currency. But
this discrepancy cannot be easily cast by out-
siders, as gold has varied from 125 to 150 the
past year, averaging 140. Yet we must know
the price of gold the day 1^ie duties were paid.
It is as probable that they were all paid when
gold was lowest or highest as when at the aver-
age. The existing manufacturers in the West,
although comparatively not very numerous, are
unanimous and persistent in their entreaties for
a change in the present tariff. Capitalists, all
ready to lay the foundations for new establish-
ments there, assure me that their work shall
never commence without such a. change.
Whilst I regret that I cannot support the bill
in the shape in which it is likely to be pre-
sented, I should regard it as a calamity for
this Congress to adjourn without a change.
Should this bill be defeated, 1 shall strive to
move a reconsideration, with every confidence
that the bill can be so modified as to pass by
a large majority. Should it be successful in '
this House, I shall rely upon the ability of the
distinguished chairman of the Senate Finance
Committee, the late Secretary of the Treasury,
to so reform it that, while encouraging every
struggling American industry, it will quiet the
apprehensions of some of our wisest econo-
mists as to its deleterious effects on the finances
iof the Government.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I am quite
sensible that one of the grossest evils which
characterizes American legislation, especially
on the subject of the tariff, is instability. It
is an evil so great and of such constant recur-
rence that I almost wonder that men can be
found willing to embark their capital in com-
merce, trade, or manufactures. Beyond the
ordinary vicissitudes which affect the business
of the world, we have the vicissitudes of pol-
itics and the changes of whole delegations,
even in the absence of any political change,
in consecuience of the system of rotation which
prevails,(fed of which I do not complain, but
mention as a fact. Although not much of a
veteran myself, yet there is now no member
in the House from New England who com-
menced service when I did, and but two other
members from any part of the country who
began and have been in continuous servicc for
the same length of time. New members come
from different stand-points and reach different
conclusions. Amid something good in all this
t|iere is somewhat of evil. Our standing-com-
mittees stand for one Congress only and then
they are all made up anew.
When I came here last December I fondly
anticipated that our first duty would be to
lighten the burden of internal taxation. That
duty has been laboriously and faithfully per-
formed by both branches of Congress. I be-
lieve the law on that subject, as finally passed
and as a whole, will be approved by the judg-
ment of the country, and it may be hoped by
another year that nothing in our political or
financial condition will then exist which will
prevent our going still further in the same
direction. I did not, however, expect that we
should be called upon to increase the tariff,
except upon wool, and, as merely compensa-
tory, upon woolens. On the other hand, I
even hoped for some reduction upon many
articles of foreign growth or production. The
action of Congress interdicting any measures
for retiring our redundant paper money, ex-
cept to a very limited amount, and the unex-
pectedly reluctant action of the Secretary of the
Treasury in exercising even what power he has
had to effect the same great object, changed
the whole aspect of our financial affairs. Paper
money became dominant, and it was at once
apparent that it must to a large extent rule
our financial affairs for several years to come.
From necessity the business of the country and
our tax and revenue laws must be gauged by
that standard, fluctuating as it may be, and
never for one moment at rest. To-day the
wave sets in from the farthest West, and money
in Wall street is abundant. Gold goes up. To-
morrow a demand from abroad or a demand to
move the produce of the great basin drained by
the Mississippi springs up and the wave retires.
There is a stringency in Wall street, and gold
goes down. That barometer, as its rising or
sinking indications are flashed over the tele-
graphic wires, regulates the business transac-
tions of the next hour at Eastport and St. Paul,
at New Orleans and San Francisco. The cost
of living is unreduced. The laborer abates
nothing of his wages while paid in a eui'rency
that has an exchangeable value equal to only
two thirds of its nominal value. Our people at
once find themselves in competition with those
