2754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
all that confusion which arose from having the
expression "exclusive of the tax" instead of
*' the tax inclusive" is done away with. I am
willing, therefore, to accommodate that portion
of my amendment which remains, which is only
one clause, to the ideas of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and although
he is not here I will make that concession to
him, and modify my amendment to that it
shall read "the tax included," and provide
that the tax shall be eight dollars instead of six
dollars.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Not to be
outdone in generosity by my friend, the learned
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
who admitted this afternoon that my State can
beat his in growing onions, I will admit before
the whole House that Pennsylvania can beat
Connecticut in raising cabbages. [Laughter. ]
And I will admit that my learned friend repre-
sents the largest onion-consuming constituency
in the world, as the uncooked article when sliced
up is so very nice to flavor sour-krout. [Renewed
laughter. ] And I will say in the hearing of
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] that
his State has very many advantages over mine,
of which he has causeto be proud. His con-
stituents can raise, peradventure, a hundred
bushels of corn per acre, while mine can raise
scarcely ten bushels per acre. I know very
well that his constituents pay an income tax
upon this, but they do not pay any tax unless
their gains shall exceed §1,000 a year.
I hardly know what acknowledgment I ought
to maketo the two learned gentlemen from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck and Mr. Lawrexce] for having
advertised Connecticut tobacco, unless I admit
what is generally conceded and understood,
that the State of Ohio is great, if not the great-
est in the business of producing wines.
I ought, perhaps, to apologize to the House
for having detained them so long with these
remarks. But the fault, lies at the door of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
for he introduced into the debate the savory
subject of leeks or onions, and I was compelled
to reply to him.
Now, the State of Connecticut does not seek
to obtain any advantage over the middle or
western States; nor is she willing that they
shall obtain any unjust advantage over her.
This paragraph, as amended on the motion of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Morrill,] if I understand it,
does not confer any advantages at all upon
Connecticut with reference to this article of
tobacco. And if the people of Connecticut,
by their diligence and industry, have succeeded
by long experience in raising a better article
of tobacco upon her sterile soil, covered with
rock, than can be raised on the rich soil of
Pennsylvania, all I can say is, that other parts
of the country, if opened to fair competition,
will, within a short time, within a year or two,
be enabled to go ahead of Connecticut in this
interest. And I think it would be no more
than just for me to say in the hearing of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
that if the rich soil of his State is not adapted
to the raising of tobacco, then they ought to
abandon that business and raise more corn
and more wheat.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Sohenck as modified at the suggestion of
Mr. Stevens.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to propose an amend-
ment to which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] referred this afternoon. His amend-
ment having been modified by accepting the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] I move to amend it by
adding to it the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe
such regulations tor tiio inspection and valuation of
cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes, and the collection of
the tax thereon, as shall in his judgment be most
effective in the prevention of inequalities and frauds
in the payment of suc-h tax: Provided, That such
regulations shall not be in violation oi law. ,
Mr. SCHENCK. I have an amendment to
offer to the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] which I understand he
is willing to accept.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] that
he better not embarrass the amendment of the
gestleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohenck] by offer-
ing his amendment at this time. He can offer
it afterward as a new amendment if this shall
be adopted.
Mr. PAINE. I will withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Schenok.
Mr. DEMING. I move,pro forma, to strike
out the word "ten" and insert "five." So
much has been said in this debate, since the
subject of the battle of cigars has been intro-
duced, about Connecticut tobacco, Connecticut
seed leaf, and Connecticut cigars, that a stran-
ger present in this Hall would suppose that it
was the purpose of legislation on internal rev-
enue here to strike down an interest which is
assumed to be a flourishing one.
Now, it seems to me that if, in spite of all
the changeable legislation upon the subject of
tobacco and cigars, the Connecticut tobacco
interest has contrived to live, but live at a
"poor, dying rate," this is no reason why it
should be either envied or assailed.
It has been stated here, and I presume stated
correctly, that in Ohio and in the Northwest
the tobacco and cigar interests are entirely
broken down and dilapidated. We have even
been told by one gentleman that in his city of
thirty thousand inhabitants, where, previous
to this taxation, they manufactured nine mil-
lion cigars annually, they do not manufacture
even one atthe present time. Well, now, I am
ready to assume all this as true. But I know very
well this is the universal cry and the universal
appeal of all interests that are attempting to
escape taxation ; and I must accept all these
statements of constituents with many grains
of allowance.
It has also been assumed here that the to-
bacco interest of the Connecticut valley is in a
vastly flourishing condition, so as to excite the
envy of the Northwest. I wish to state that
this assumption is entirely unfou nded—that the
toba'cco and cigar interests of the Connecticut
valley were never more depressed than they are
at the present time, and that we have no reason
whatever to exult over our western brethren.
The truth is that the tobacco interest in this
country universally is depressed—the result, in
my judgment,-of four causes: first, excessive
taxation; second, a low tariff; third, the poor
condition of last year's crops; and fourth, the
excessive influx of southern tobacco in con-
sequence of the cessation of hostilities. The
remedy is, not to tinker your revenue law every
session for the purpose of elevating the interest
of one section of the country to the depression
of another, but in the first place to raise the
tariff, and in the next place to wait for better
crops and until the laws of trade shall regulate
a glutted market.
Let me say, in regard to the amendment pro-
posed by my distinguished friend from Penn-
sylvania, which has been accepted by my friend
from Ohio, that its effect will be to destroy
entirely the manufacture of the higher grades
of cigars. But notwithstanding this taxation,
we can enter into competition with you of the
West in the manufacture of the lower grades
of cigars. I doubt very seriously whether by
this taxation you are promoting your own in-
terests ; for the Connecticut seed leaf, which
is the subject of so much envy here, goes in
large quantities to Cincinnati, to Chicago, to
Detroit, and is there employed by eigar man-
ufacturers for the purpose of manufacturing the
higher grades of cigars. It goes also to Phil-
adelphia and to Pittsburg; and while my dis-
tinguished friends are attempting to protect the
cigar interests of some country districts, they
are breaking up the manufacture of the higher
grades of cigars in the cities. It is fortunate
for us that no system of legislation can render
western tobacco as marketable as eastern to-
bacco, unless you adopt some system of legis-
lation for preventing the soil of the Connecticut
valley from growing better tobacco than the
western soil. Now, it seems to-me, that instead
of varying your legislation, as you do, session
after session, for the purpose of accommodat-
ing some local interests, you should wait until
the laws of trade can regulate all the discrep-
ancies of which you complain. I know very
well that the adoption of the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
utterly destroy the manufacture of. the higher
grades of cigars and turn the whole cigar in-
terest of the country into the manufacture of
cheap cigars.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio by striking it out and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco,
inclosed in a wrapper or binder, and not over three
and a half inches in length, and on cigars made with
twisted heads and on cheroots and on cigars known
a.s short-sixes, the market value of which is not over
eight dollars per thousand, a tax of two dollars per
thousand.
On all other cigarettes and cigars, the market value
of which is over eight dollars and is not over twelve
dollars per thousand, a tax of four dollars per thou-
sand.
On all other cigarettes and cigars a tax of four dol-
lars per thousand, and in addition forty per cent, ad
valorem on the value beyond twelve dollars per thou-
sand, to be assessed on the excess beyond twelve
dollars per thousand.
I believe the amendment I offer covers
the object of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.] I think it speaks for
itself, and I will make no further remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. It does not quite come up
to my idea, because it says twelve instead of
ten. It makes the tax more severe than I
would make it. I ask my friend from Ohio
whether it does not give us as much as we can
get. I am willing to accept it-.
Mr, SCHENCK. I am inclined to think it
effects the object. It affords a little more room
for the manufacture of cigars. I accept it
with the understanding that it shall remain
open to my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
to make his amendment.
Mr. PAINE. * I hope my friend from Ohio
will accept the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I accept it, and yield the
floor to the gentleman from Wisconsin to offer
his amendment in regard to appraisement,
without which I think this legislation will not
be perfect.
Mr. PAINE. I agree with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I had better offer my
amendment hereafter as an independent prop-
osition. I will offer it hereafter, when the
gentleman can submit his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, in the
multitude of amendments I fail to see any im-
provement of the bill reported to the House,
while I feel quite sure the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] and his coadjutors are destined
to triumph in anything he shall demand. I
shall content myself, so far as representing the
Committee of Ways and Means, in having a
vote in the House on whatever proposition may
be introduced into the bill.
I am quite satisfied gentlemen arc mistaken
that it is the excise law which has really caused
the depression in the tobacco trade. It is uni-
versal. It pervades all sections of the country.
It is as much felt in the Connecticut valley as
in Ohio or in Wisconsin. The difficulty, what-
ever gentlemen may say, was that at the close
of the war, a large amount of tobacco was lot
loose from the South. Gentlemen may sup-
pose tobacco can be grown in latitude forty-
five or forty as cheaply as at the South, but they
are mistaken. They will always produce to-
bacco attheSouth, especially the lower grades,
cheaper than it can be done at the North. It
has been in consequence of this influx of
tobacco from the South that the tobacco trade
has been depressed.
I will say, in addition, that the provision these
gentlemen wish to put upon the law now exists,
