730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
lot the punishment of treason by inflicting the
penalty upon a sufficient number of the leading
traitors—and I will not pretend to determine
how many would constitute a sufficient number
—then the Executive of the United States can
consistently extend his pardon to the less con-
spicuous and active criminals. In this manner
the confidence of the law-abiding will be sus-
tained, while flie refractory will be warned;
and in this manner pardon may, without injuri-
ous consequences, be extended to those offend-
ers whose guilt is less aggravated.
In the commencement of my remarks I said
that it was not on account of hatred to the
South that I urged that the penalty of the law
ghould be inflicted. I know that it is a very
common thing to impute to us hatred of the
South. Now, sir, where is the man in this
assembly, or in this country, who hates the
South'? Why should we hate its pleasant cli-
mate, its fertile valleys, and flowery plains?
No, sir, we do not hate the South.
' But they say it is the institutions of the South;
they have used these words for the last twenty
years. We have been opposed, wo have been
told, to the institutions of the South; and the
word has always been used in the plural. As
one, I do not hate the institutions of the South.
Sir, I frankly say that [ have from my boy-
hood hated- one institution from the South, if
it can be called an institution, and that is the
institution of slavery which prevailed there.
I have no feeling of hatred to southern men.
There are many good and loyal men in the
South. I honor and respect them, and desire
their welfare and happiness. I have no doubt a
groat many in the southern States were led into
rebellion by the influence of others ; they were
deceived, and led by deception to do that which
they would not otherwise have done. I have
no feelings of enmity to them. The leaders in
this great crime have not my hatred. They
have my compassion and my pity. I hold the
good of the nation demands they should suffer,
and I think 1" express this sentiment with the
same feeling a judge has upon the bench when
he pronounces sentence of the law against a
transgressor. He does not do it because he
takes pleasure in the death of the transgressor,
but from a conviction that the welfare of man-
kind demands it. On this ground we demand
this penalty shall bo imposed upon these trans-
gressors, not from hatred to them, but from a
love to the nation ; not thai wo love them less,
but the country more.
I acknowledge I have a feeling of hatred for
an institution that authorizes one man to make
a slave of another man; that authorizes him to
rob him of everything' that makes life dear ; of
the right of liberty and the pursuit of happi-
ness ; of the right to wife and children. I hate
that institution be it found where it may.
Mr. Chairman, I sympathize with a southern
man who has been raised under t hat institution ;
but for a man raised in the northern States, the
free States, who has been permitted to read and
study and investigate, who indorses the institu-
tion of slavery, 1 have a feeling of hatred. I
know it is said by some to be wrong to hate a
man. I find in reading the good J3ook that
God hated the Nicolaitans. I say in a certain
sense I hate the man who had an opportunity
of having light in his pathway, and deliberately
indorses the right of one man to enslave his
fellow-man. If I hate any man. I hate him.
I recall the remark of one of our statesmen,
made many years ago in this Capitol. When a
northern man got up in his place and apologized
for the institution of slavery, Mr. Randolph,
pointing his finger at him. said he envied neither
his head nor his heart. I say the same thing;
if a man from the North, who has had the priv-
ileges oi freedom, rises and apologizes for sla-
very,- I envy neither his head nor his heart.
There is another branch of the subject I will
refer to and then close. It is said these men
claim the right of revolution. An honorable
gentleman some time back said upon this floor
they were to some extent justified on the eternal
principle of revolution. He did not say boldly
they were justified in rebellion, but he undertook
to excuse rebellion upon the ground that men
have the right to revolution. I admit the right of
revolution under certain circumstances. There
are circumstances which will justify men in ris-
ing in rebellion against the Government. The
circumstance which I suppose would justify
men in engaging in revolution is this: when
their natural rights are invaded, and when they
cannot regain possess! on of them by civil means.
But, sir, did any of those circumstances exist
in the case of those States that engaged in re-
bellion against the Government of the United
States? Were their natural rights invaded?
Had they no opportunity to recover their rights
by civil means? I am not informed that any
man has ever claimed that the United States had
ever trampled upon one of their natural rights;
not one, sir. I have not met the first man that
claims that the rights of the citizens of those
southern States were invaded by the General
Government.
Again, it is sometimes said that our fathers
rebelled against the Government of Great Brit-
ain ; and that is eitcd to justify the rebels in re-
volting or rebelling against the Government of
the United States: but is there any similarity
existing between the circumstances under which
the States rebelled against this Governmentand
those under which our fathers rebelled against
the Government of Great Britain ? Our fathers
had no representation in the government that
was exercised over them. They had no voice
in that Government. They had petitioned time
and again, but in vain ; it would procure no
alleviation of their sufferings. So there was no
alternative but rebellion.
Now. the southern States had representation
in this Government. Thevnot only had a large
representation, but a much larger representa-
tion than justice would have given them. But
not only that, but the South had control of at
least two departments of the Federal Govern-
ment at the time they rebelled. They had a
majority of their friends at least in each House
of (Jongress: and not only that, but they had
a majority of the judges of the Supreme Court
on their side; so that they might have controlled
this Government for an indefinite time, if they
had not attempted to revolutionize.
The only real ground that has been assigned,
as I understand it, upon which the rebellion
was inaugurated, was the fact that an anti-sla-
very man had been clccted President of the Uni-
ted States. That was the ostensible and real
ground upon which the rebellion was predicated
and justified. But that was not a sutlicient jus-
tification. We could not for a moment yield the
right of a minority to rebel because the ma-
jority would not suffer them to rule. Calling
themselves Democrats, the great Democratic
party ofthe United States, they rebelled against
the Government because the majority would
not permit a minority to rule!
J3ut it is said, as an apology for this act of
rebellion, that they were sincere—they believed
(hat thev wore doing right when tliey engaged
in rebellion. Now, sir, that the ignorant por-
tion of the people in the States that engaged
in rebellion may have thought that they were
right I will not pretend to dispute. But for
men that, called themselves statesmen, that pro-
fessed to understand the principles of gov-
ernment—for such men to seriously maintain
that they had a constitutional right to secede
fiom the Geneial Government is just a little
more than I can believe. The very idea of
States ha-ving a right to secede is too absurd lo
be entertained by statesmen. If a man takes
the ground that one State has a right to secede
from the Federal Government, then it follows
that another State may do the same, and a third
, and a fourth, and so on until all secede. And
| if all have the right to secede at pleasure, of
li course there is no Government that is stable or
|. permanent—none upon which we may rely.
I And if a Slate has a right to secede, why not
a county, and a town? And thus the principle
might be carried out until you come down to an
individual, who might claim that he bad the
right to withdraw from the Government and
stand independent and alone. And if I re-
member correctly, this was the ground taken
by one John A. Murrel some years ago, when
he asked no favor of the Government, but de-
manded to be let alone and to be allowed to
take care of himself, claiming that the strong
had a right to triumph over the weak. Hence,
if a man takes the ground that one State has a
right to secede, T see no stopping-place until
every man has a right to do the same; and then
all government is gone, society is destroyed, and
anarchy rules.
Therefore, I repeat that I cannot believe that
any intelligent man ever believed that the States
had a right under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States thus to secede and disintegrate the
Government of the nation.
But, sir, suppose that these men were sincere
—admit for the sake of the argument—should
they bo screened from punishment on that ac-
count? If you take the ground that every man
who believes he has a right to violate the law of
the land may do so, you will have evefy violator
of law coming up to your courts of justice and
boldly proclaiming that he believed he had a
right lo do just what he did, that he had a right
to kill, or to rob,'or to commit whatever crime
he committed. If men are to be excused upon
that ground, there will be no security. Old
John Brown, I presume, was just as sincere in
what he did as any man in the rebel States, and
j as honest, too, and yet I hold that lie was
executed rightfully. I know this sentiment will
come in conflict with the sentiments of many
whom I love and respect, but I cannot help it.
John Brown struck a blow at tho very f'ounda-
! lions of civil society, and if he could bo per-
. milled to strike such a blow, every other man
I would be allowed to do the same thing. But,
sir, the blow that John Brown struck was aimed
i at slavery, and therefore, in my opinion, his
crime was comparatively light. The blow struck
by those who rebelled against tho Government
was infinitely heavier than the blow struck by
John Brown, and that blow was aimed, not at
slavery, but aimed at freedom and in defense of
slavery. It was, therefore, an infinitely greater
crime than John Brown's was; and if John
Brown died righteously, how can these men
escape who have committed a much greater
crime ?
Again, let me inquire how many of John
Brown's associates were pardoned. I confess
that I urn not certainly informed whether any
one of the in was pardoned or not.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Not one.
Mr. HENDERSON. My friend says not one,
and I presume it is the fact that not one of
them was pardoned. Then, sir, how can these
j>eoplo in the rebel States c*s^>ect that their
traitors against the Government shall all hepar-
doned when they struck down poor old John
Brown and all his followers? There is no con-
si-tcnoy in il. They condemned John Brown
and executed him and his associates in crime,
and I hold that they did right. And at the same
time. I claim that the leaders in this great rebel-
lion are infinitely more guilty than he, and that
they ought to suffer the same measure which
they meted out to him. Then, sir, when this
is done, when a sufficient number from each
of these States have been brought before tho
tribunals, tried, convicted, and executed, then
our Government will be sustained, and the con-
fidence of the loyal people will be reestablished,
our country will go on prospering and flourish-
ing, while
"Old John Brown's body lies amoldcring in the grave,
And his soul goes marching on."
[Applause.]
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. KELSO. In the consideration of this
; subject, our first duty is to ascertain the pres-
, ent status of the rebel States, to determine
which seems to be a difficult matter even with
some of our greatest statesmen.
No reasonable and loyal man, I think, will
now contend, as did the rebels five years ago,
that those States, by the mere act of secession,
became foreign and independent governments.
Those who advocate that doctrine now are five
