1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3715
whose industry is based on a gold standard, and
the cry from one end of the land to the other
immediately arises, "Save us or we sink!"
Intelligent men and men of the highest in-
tegrity from all parts of the country have been
before the Committee of Ways and Means for
the past six months, and their testimony shows
that we cannot keep our people at work at
their accustomed avocations without imme-
diate and, what under ordinary circumstances
would be considered, extraordinary measures.
The Committee of Ways and Means in re-
porting this bill, whatever gentlemen maythink
about it, have scarcely in any instance reported
propositions bearing anything like the propor-
tions which have been earnestly represented to
them as no more than adequate to the occa-
sion. Let me say that these demands for a
higher tariff come less from New England than
any other quarter. The bill will be more in
aid of the ''infantile branches of industry" in
the middle States and the West, as the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] calls them, than
from those longer established and requiring
less care. The bill also is not by a great deal
so high in Its rates as those proposed by the
revenue commission. The judgment of this
commission has received much and deserved
credit throughout the country, and yet the
Committee of Ways and Means deemed it
unwise, if not imprudent, to accept of their
recommendations as a whole as to the tariff,
and have reported a bill far short of the rates
advised, (more especially by the learned and
distinguished gentleman, Mr. Colwell, who
gave this subject the largest share of attention.)
The tariff bill presented to the Committee
of Ways and Means by the revenue commis-
sion proposed one and a half cents per pound
on bar-iron, but we only reported one and a
quarter cents. On sheet-iron, where three
cents was proposed, we offered two and a half
cents. On chains less than one quarter inch
in diameter, eight cents was proposed and but
five was reported in the bill. On galvanized
iron eight cents per pound was proposed, while
in the bill the rate is only four and a half
cents. On smiths' vises the commission pro-
posed eight cents per pound, and the article
in the bill was reported at four and a half
cents. Common ten by fifteen window-glass
was reported to us at two and three fourth
cents per square foot, and we offered only two
cents. Above thirty by forty inches square it
was reported at seven cents per square foot,
while we only placed it at four cents. So that
it will be seen the carefully considered rates
of the revenue commission were not only not
accepted but very severely razeed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I do not cite
these facts to prove that all the rates of duty
in the bill are now right, but to show that the
committee, or a part of them at least, were
not inclined to adopt what may be considered
extreme rates.
I shall not undertake to defend all the prop-
ositions found in this bill. Many of them did
not receive my approval in the Committee of
Ways and Means, and the action of the House
has disappointed me. The tendency here has
been rather to increase than diminish the rates
proposed, but I shall not now turn my back
upon the bill, as I believe something should be
done at any rate, and passing the bill in this
House will insure the usual and proper revis-
ion of it by the Senate and by its able Commit-
tee on Finance, just as surely as it would to
recommit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and will accomplish this object perhaps
more speedily. Certainly Congress ought not
and I believe will not adjourn until some tariff
bill shall have been passed, even if it prolongs
the session until September. I know there is
a great clamor made against the bill from a
quarter where we had a right to expect a calmer
iudsmont. Those States where capital has not
yet had time to accumulate; where less ma-
chinery is at work, and where the steam-engine
does not yet do the work of hand labor, have
most need of some increase of the tariff. The
more abundant capital, the skilled labor, and
the improved machinery of older and more
densely populated States might get along, per-
haps, with a tariff merely adjusted for revenue
purposes. Much more than that produces a
home competition quite as sharp as anything
to be dreaded from abroad.
Ohio is rapidly becoming a great manufac-
turing State and now produces but little more
breadstuff and butcher's meat than she requires
for her own consumption. Illinois, that prodigy
of growth among States, having a breadth and
fertility of soil equal to the support of ten mil-
lion of people, will very soon quit the business
of exporting grain or even of cattle. Her coal
mines foretell her destiny, and she will also soon
cease to be merely what is called a grain-grow-
ing State. Her advantages of water commu-
nication, by lake and river, and her magnificent
railway improvements, will enable her to leap
at a bound into the front rank of manufacturing
States. Wealth and population is all she now
needs to this end, and these she is acquiring in
the most rapid manner. Missouri and Iowa
have equal natural advantages, possibly supe-
rior, and are certainly not. without ambition for
a friendly race on the same course. At pres-
ent these and other States are dependent for a
market for their agricultural products upon
artisans employed outside of their own limits.
Will it be wise for them to destroy that market
and at the same time to postpone indefinitely
the idea of building up a market at home? Do
they wish to drive all parts of the country into
the pursuit of agriculture alone ? I have before
said, and' I repeat it, that within the lifetime
of some of us who are now present these great
western States are destined to assume the pre-
eminence in manufactures. Cheap coal, cheap
bread, and cheap meat all point in this direc-
tion. They have, therefore, a more direct and
abiding interest in the tariff than any other por-
tion of the Union. There should at least be
no local or political jealousies on a financial
question of this kind which is so interwoven
with the future power and greatness of our
country.
There is about the usual amount of hue and
cryfrom free-trade quarters, from millionaires
enriched by foreign trade, against the present
tariff bill. Hired hack-writers arc particularly
active in defaming the measure. New York
city appears to be the centerfrom whence most
of these denunciations emanate. It is also the
prolific mother of free-trade pamphleteers. I
am proud of that great city which takes such
an active and controlling part in the commerce
of the world. But even there foreign com-
merce is not all that should engage _the_ mind
or heart of the statesman. That city is the
seat of a great diversity of manufactures and
of the mechanic arts. The amount of their
productions in the aggregate is immense, and
the number engaged therein, though not the
ruling class in political economy, must be far
greater than all who are engaged in or depend-
ent upon foreign commerce. Crippled by many
circumstances during the'war, I would gladly
do anything to restore our ship-owners to their
former prestige, but they ought not to require
legislation for their exclusive benefit and to the
detriment of the whole country. Let all parts
of the country prosper, but if one part of the
country only can grow at one and the same
time, shall we not prefer a new State in the
West with a half million of people to the
addition of that number to a city already so
swollen in numbers that it sometimes threat-
ens to withdraw that fealty which is due to its
own State ?
I cannot forget that an equal hue and cry
and even greater amount of ridicule came forth
at the time of the passage of the tariff of 18G1.
That tariff has since been largely increased, and
yet its present rates have fully vindicated the
measure, and those who first stigmatized it as a
prohibitive monstrosity now admit its general
propriety and maintain that it is exactly what
is needed as a revenue tariff. Nothing that we
do now can be but for temporary purposes. If
we had been able to reduce our currency no ac-
tion on the tariff would have been necessary. It
may be useless to argue the abstraction whether
gold has risen in value or whether paper has
fallen. The fact stares us in the face that it
takes a very large sum of our paper money to
buy a small amount of property. Our currency
measured by gold is only as three to two, and
the value of gold itself, the standard, by its un-
precedented increase for the past fifteen years
throughout the world has beyond any doubt
largely diminished.
The fair question is, whether we shall ignore
these facts or whether we shall not on the other
hand do something to take care of the various
industries of the country for the time being or
until we have funded our national indebtedness
and retired the excess of legal-tender notes?
It i# a question whether or not the laborer shall
be compelled to reduce his wages before the
value of our present currency is increased. If
the products of his labor have got to be sold
for less it is plain he must work for less. Capi-
tal will seek and prefer idleness to loss. It will
not employ labor and get nothing in return. It
is therefore a question which mainly concerns
labor, capital always being better able to take
care of itself.
Let us look at the extravagancies proclaimed
as to the rates proposed on iron. I am free
to say that a moderate increase of the present
duties upon iron and a maintenance of the ex-
isting classification might have been the wisest
and most prudent course to adopt, but others,
to whose opinions and votes I could not but
defer, thought differently, and I trust they will
stand by their opinions now in the hour of trial.
The new classification, by placing lower grades
among the higher, increases the rates of duty
quite as much as any nominal addition thereto;
and by singling out the various descriptions of
iron manufactures for specific duties, in a tem-
porary measure, where such articles only were
to be touched as would afford some prospect
of additional revenue, or such as were in immi-
nent peril of extinction from foreign competi-
tion, I foresaw would arouse a jealousy difficult
to appease, and also that no symmetry could
be preserved in the bill. Having gone so far in
that direction we could not refuse equal claims
presented in other quarters, and yet we had
not the time for a complete revision of the
whole subject.
But look at the present price of bar-iron in
our markets and see whether after all the bill
is really so very objectionable. It will be found
quoted at $115 to $125 in currency per ton,
and we have raised the duty five dollars or from
twenty dollars up to twenty-five dollars in gold
per ton of two thousand pounds. Upon cut
nails we proposed two cents a pound. The
present price is seven cents, and it would not
be less if the duty was put at one and a half
cent. Common sheet-iron is worth from six
to eight cents per pound, and the duty proposed
is from two and a quarter to two and three
quarters per pound. Russia or polished sheet-
ironis worth twenty-seven to twenty-eight cents
per pound in currency, and the duty proposed
is four cents per pound in coin. These duties
are high enough, but they are not so high as to
frighten grave legislators from their propriety.
Let us look at some other features of the
bill. Take ten by fifteen common window-
glass. The price is $7 75 per one hundred
feet, and the duty will amount to ยง2 25. Pig
lead sells for eleven cents per pound, and the
duty proposed is three cents per pound. Cop-
per is now worth about thirty-two cents per
pound, and the duty proposed is five cents.
In consequence of the duty upon cotton some
compensatory changes have been made upon
a few articles, but the main bulk of cotton
goods remain as heretofore. The duties upon
lumber at the termination of the reciprocity
treaty were in muc#need of revision. These
in the main as they stand in the bill are now
believed to be satisfactory, though if the bill
had been accepted on this subject just as it was
reported, I am inclined to think all parts of
the country would have been better suited.
On the subject of wool and woolens a tariff
with increased rates .-oems to have been ex-
