2756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
It says, '' on cigars valued overtwelve and not
over twenty dollars, a tax ot ten dollars per
thousand." That would leave the cigar cost-
ing thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, eighteen, or
nineteen dollars a thousand to bring less to
the manufacturer than the cigar costing twelve
dollars a thousand. Again, he says, " on ci-
gars valued at over twenty and not over forty
dollars, a tax of twenty dollars per thousand."
And there the difficulty is increased. On a
cigar costing twenty-five dollars a thousand the
manufacturer would realize only five dollars
besides the tax. This forty per cent, tax
obviates that difficulty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor, and
said: I will yield to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] for I desire to hear
what he has to say on this subject.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know but what I have said about all that I
desired to say. I merely wanted to call the
attention of members to the objections to the
change of duty with the change of valuation.
Until the value of the cigars had very much
increased, without reaching the next higher
rate of duty, the manufacturer received much
less frqm them in consequence of their being
subject to a higher rate of duty. If members
have listened to me I think they will perceive
the weight of those objections, and that this
system now proposed will entirely obviate the
difficulty.
Mr. CONKLING. I would ask that the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] be again read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] as the Chair
understands, merely read his amendment for
information, and not for the action ot the
House.
Mr. CONKLING. I mean the one that he
offered, and which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Scbesck] accepted.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. MORRILL. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoopep.] whether the tax is to be collected ou
the market value including the tax, or exclud-
ing the tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will
tell me how it is in regard to every other arti-
cle in the tax bill I will answer his question.
I think in reference to every other article in the
tax bill it is not so stated whether the tax is
included in or excluded from the value. It is
so in regard to the tax on manufactures of
every description.
Mr. MORRILL. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; the tax on manufactures is on the amount
Q^1
Mr. STEVENS. How is it on diamonds
and other precious stones?
Mr. MORRILL. On the sales.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
suppose the market value of cigars would be
fixed by the actual sales, as there is a section
in the bill which provides that the taxes shall
be paid on the sales.
Mr. MORRILL. I perceive after all _ the
resolution and tenacity of purpose of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] that it was not so
much for the interest of Ohio and other inter-
ests that he was suffering so much grief; but it
was because other parts of the country were
happy; it is that which made him so miserable.
It was for the purpose of getting a little more
tax laid upon Connecticut seed-leaf tobacco.
However, I think it is useless for us to continue
this argument any further. I have little doubt
the amendment will carry. I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of terminating
debate upon this paragraph and the pending
amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the speeial
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph of the spe-
cial order terminate in one half minute after
the committee shall resume the consideration
of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill again.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special orner.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the speeial order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Schexcic to strike out the jjaragraphs
relating to cigars, cheroots, &c., and insert the
following in lieu thereof;
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco,
inclosed in a wrapper or binder, of not over three
and a half inehesin length, and on cigars made with
twisted heads, and on cheroots and on cigars known
as short-sixes, the market value of which is not over
eight dollars per thousand, a tax of two dollars per
thousand.
On all other cigarettes or cigars, trie market value
of -which is over eight dollars and not over twelve
dollars per thousand, a tax of four dollars per thou-
sand. ' „ _ _ _
On all other cigarettes and cigars a tax of tour dol-
lars per thousand, and in addition forty per cent, ad
valorem on the value beyond twelve dollars per thou-
sand, to be assessed on the excess beyond twelve dol-
lars per thousand,
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the whole of it,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And be it enacted, That in lieu of all other taxes or
imposts upon tobacco, the same shall be taxed m the
hands of the growers at the rate of twenty cents per
pound.
The amendment of Mr. Wright to the amend-
ment of Mr. Sohenck was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Schenck, and being taken, upon a divis
ion there were—ayes 46, noes 48.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Schencf
and Braxdegee were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 46.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
to have the privilege of offering the following
amendment hereafter. It was the intention
of the committee to have inserted the provision
in the bill:
Provided, That the taxes assessed and paid on
cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes of domestic manu-
facture, under this act, shall also be assessed and
paid on all imported cigars in addition to any duties
imposed on the same under the tariff.
Mr. STEVENS. It ought to provide the
same amount of tax.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was reserved.
Mr. PAINE* I now offer my amendment.
Add to the amendment last adopted:
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe
such regulations for the inspection and valuation ot
cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes, and the collection ot
the tax thereon, as shall in his judgment he most
effective for the prevention of inequalities and frauds
in the payment of such tax: Provided, That such
regulations shall not be in violation of law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
And in addition to other regulations it shall be the
duty of the inspector or assessor who appraises any
cigars, cigarettes, or cheroots, to examine the manu-
facturer thereof or his agent, under oath, which oath
shall be administered by the inspecting and apprais-
ing officer,-and reduced to writing, andsigncd by sitch
manufacturer or his agent, with a view to ascertain-
ing whether such manufacturer has any interest,
direct or indirect, in any sale that has been made,
or any resale to be made of said Cigars, cigarettes,
or cheroots, by the concealment of which he seeks
to obtain a false, fraudulent, or deceptive appraise-
ment. 4
Mr. PAINE. I accept the amendment as
a modification of my own.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that the amendment
be reserved with the one I have just withheld.
There was no objection, and it was agreed to
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section ninety-nine be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that there shall be paid on
all sales made by brokers and bankers, wh ether made
for the benefit of others or on their own account, the
following taxes and rates of tax, that is to say: upon
all sales and contracts for the sale of stocks, bonds,
foreign exchange, gold and silver bullion and coin,
uncurrent money, promissory notes or other securi-
ties, a tax at the rate of one cent for every hundred
dollars of the amount of such sales or contracts; and
on all sales and contracts for sale negotiated and
made by any person, firm, or company, not taxed as a
broker or banker, of any gold or silver bullion, com,
uncurrent money, promissory notes, stocks, bonds, or
other securities, not his or their own property, there
shall be paid a tax at the rate of five cents for every
hundred dollars of the amount of such sales or con-
tracts; and on every sale and contract of sale, as
aforesaid, there shall be made and delivered by the
seller to the buyer a bill or memorandum of such sale
or contract, on which there shall be affixed a lawful
stamp or stamps in value equal to the amount of tax
on such sale, to be determined by the rates of tax be-
fore mentioned; and in computing the amount of the
stamp duty or tax in any case herein provided for,
any sum less than $100 or any fractional part of $100
of value or amount on which tax is computed, shall
bo accounted as $100. And every bill or memoran-
dum of sale or contract of sale, before mentioned,
shall show tho date thereof, the name of the seller,
the amount of the sale or contract, and the mat-
ter or thing to which it refers. And any person
or persons liable to pay the tax as herein provided,
or any one who acts in the matter as agent or broker
for such person or persons who shall make any such
sale or contract, or who shall, in pursuance 01 any
sale or contract, deliver or receive any stocks,, bonus.,
bullion, coin, uncurrent money, foreign exchange,
promissory notes, or other securities, without a bill
or memorandum thereof as herein required, or who
shall deliver or receive such bill or memorandum
without having the proper stamps affixed thereto,
shall forfeit and pay to the United States a penalty
of $500 for each and every offense where the tax s<>
evaded, or attempted to be evaded, does not exceed
$100, and a penalty of $1,000 when such tax shall
exceed $100, which may be recovered with costs of
suit in any court of the United States of competent
jurisdiction in the district, at any time within ona
year after the liability to such penalty shall have
been incurred; and one half of the penalty recovered
shall be awarded by the court to the person or per-
sons who, in the judgment of the court, shall havo
first given the information of the violation of the law
for which recovery is had. And the provisions of law
in relation'to stamp duties in scheduleB oi the act to
which this is an amendment, shall apply to the stamp
taxes herein imposed upon sales and contracts ot
sales made by brokers or bankers, and others as afore-
said. And there shall be paid on all sales by com-
mercial brokers of any goods, wares, or merchandise
a tax of one twentieth of one per cent, upon the
amount of such sales; and at the end of every month
or within ten days thereafter,every commercial broker
shall make a list or return to the assistant assessor
of the district of the gross amount of such sales as
aforesaid for the preceding month, with the amount
of tax which has accrued or shall accrue thereon, m
form and manner as may be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and pay to the col-
lector the amount of tax thereon before the end oi
the month.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend as fol-
lows : line twenty-two hundred and twenty-five,
after the word "brokers," shike out the word
"and" and insert "banks or'line twenty-
two hundred and twenty-seven, strike out "and
rates of tax;" line twenty-two hundred and
twenty-nine, strike out "uncurrent money;"
line twenty-two hundred and thirty-three, strike
out "tax" and insert " paying a special tax;"
line twenty-two hundred and thirty-four, after
the word "broker," insert "bank or;" same
line, after the word "bullion" insert "foreign
exchange;'' line twenty-two hundred and forty-
six, strike out the words "any sum less than
$100 or;" line twenty-two hundred and sixty-
nine, strike out "in the district;" line twenty-
two hundred and seventy-eight, after the word
"brokers" insert theword "banks;" and lines
twenty-two hundred and eighty-two and twenty-
