316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 9,
39th Cons....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
untary servitude, except as a punishment for
crime whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted, or by reason of his color or race,
than is prescribed for the punishment of white
persons, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and, on conviction, shall be punished
by fine not exceeding one thousand dollars, or
imprisonment not exceeding one year, or both,
in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 3. And, be it further enacted, That the
district courts of the United States, within their
respective districts, shall have, exclusively of
the courts of the several States, cognizance of
all crimes and offenses committed against the
provisions of this act, and also, concurrently
with the circuit courts of the United States, of
all causes, civil and criminal, affecting persons
who are denied or cannot enforce in the courts
or judicial tribunals of the State or locality
where they piay be any of the rights secured
to them by the first section of this act; and if
any suit or prosecution, civil or criminal, has
been or shall be commenced in any State court,
against any such person, for any cause whatso-
ever, or against any officer, civil or military, or
other person, for any arrest or imprisonment,
trespasses, or wrongs done or committed by
virtue or under color of authority derived from
this act or the act establishing a Bureau for the
Kelief of Freedmen and Refugees, and all acts
amendatory thereof, or for refusing to do any
act upon the ground that it would be incon-
sistent with this act, such defendant shall have
the right to remove such cause for trial to the
proper district or circuit court in the manner
prescribed by the "Act relating to habeas cor-
pus and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases," approved March three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, and all acts amend-
atory thereof. The jurisdiction in civil and
criminal matters hereby conferred on the dis-
trict and circuit courts of the United States
shall be exercised and enforced in conformity
with the laws of the United States, so far as
such laws are suitable to carry the same into
effect; but in all cases where such laws are not
adapted to the object, or are deficient in the
provisions necessai-y to furnish suitable reme-
dies and punish offenses against law, the com-
mon law, as modified and changed by the con-
stitution and statutes of the State wherein the
court having jurisdiction of the cause, civil or
criminal, is held, so far as the same is not in-
consistent with the Constitution and laws of the
United States, shall bo extended to and govern
said courts in the trial and disposition of such
cause, and, if of a criminal nature, in the in-
fliction of punishment on the party found guilty.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
district attorneys, marshals, and deputy mar-
shals of the United States, the commissioners
appointed by the circuit and territorial courts of
the United States, with powers of arresting, im-
prisoning, or bailing offenders against the laws
of the United States, the officers and agents of
the Freedmen's Bureau, and every other officer
who may be specially empowered by the Pres-
ident of the United States, shall be, and they
are hereby, specially authorized and required,
at the expense of the United States, to insti-
tute proceedings against all and every person
who shall violate the provisions of this act, and
cause him or them to be arrested and impris-
oned, or bailed, as the case may be, for trial
before such court of the United States or ter-
ritorial court as by this act has cognizance of
the offense. And with a view to affording rea-
sonable protection to all persons in their con-
stitutional rights of equality before the law,
without distinction of race or color, or previous
condition of slavery or involuntary servitude,
except as a punishment for crime, whereof the
party shall have been duly convicted, and to
the prompt discharge of the duties of this act,
it shall be the duty of the circuit courts of the
United States and the superior courts of the
Territories of the United States, from time to
time, to increase the number of the commis-
sioners, so as to afford a speedy and conven-
ient means for the arrest and examination of
persons charged with a violation of this act;
and such commissioners are hereby authorized
and required to exercise and discharge all the
powers and duties conferred on them by this
act, and the same duties with regard to offenses
created by this act, as they are authorized by
law to exercise with regard to other offenses
against the laws of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of all marshals and deputy
marshals to obey and execute all warrants and
precepts issued under the provisions of this act,
when to them directed; and should any marshal
or deputy marshal refuse to receive such warrant
or other process when tendered, or to use all
proper means diligently to execute the same,
he shall, on conviction thereof, be fined in the
sum of one thousand dollars, to the use of the
person upon whom the accused is alleged tohave
com mitted the offense. And the better to enable
the said commissioners to execute their duties
faithfully and efficiently, in conformity with
the Constitution of the United States and the
requirements of this act, they are hereby au-
thorized and empowered, within their counties
respectively, to appoint, in writing, under their
hands, any one or more suitable persons, from
time to time, to execute all such warrants and
other process as may be issued by them in the
lawful performance of their respective duties ;
and the persons so appointed to execute any
warrant or process as aforesaid shall have
authority to summon and call to their aid the
bystanders or posse comitatus of the proper
county, or such portion of the land or naval
forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as may be necessary to the performance of
the duty with which they are charged, and to
insure a faithful observance of the clause of
the Constitution which prohibits slavery, in
conformity with the provisions of this act;
and said warrants shall run and be executed
by said officers anywhere in the State or Ter-
ritory within which they are issued.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted. That any
person who shall knowingly and willfully ob-
struct, hinder, or prevent any officer, or other
person charged with the execution of any war-
rant or process issued under the provisions
of this act, or any person or persons lawfully as-
sisting him or them, from arresting any person
for whose apprehension such warrant or pro-
cess may have been issued, or shall rcscue or
attempt to rescue such person from the cus-
tody of the officer, other person or persons, or
those lawfully assisting as aforesaid, when so
arrested pursuant to the authority herein given
and declared, or shall aid', abet, or assist any
person so arrested as aforesaid, directly or in-
directly, to escape from thp custody of the offi-
cer or other person legally authorized as afore-
said, or shall harbor or conceal any person for
whose arrest a warrant or process shall have
been issued as aforesaid, so as to prevent his
discovery and arrest after notice or knowledge
of the fact that a warrant has been issued for
the apprehension of such person, shall, for
either of said offenses, be subject to a fine not
exceeding one thousand dollars, and imprison-
ment not exceeding six months, by indictment
and conviction before the district court of the
United States for the district in which said
offense may have been committed, or before
the proper court of .criminal jurisdiction, if
committed within any one of the organized
Territories of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
district attorneys, the marshals, their deputies,
and the clerks of the said district and_territo-
rial courts shall be paid for their services the'
like fees as maybe allowed to them for similar
services in other cases; and in all cases where
the proceedings are before a commissioner, he
shall be entitled to a fee of ten dollars in full
for his services in each case, inclusive of all
services incident to such arrest and examina-
tion. The person or persons authorized to
execute the process to be issued by such com-
missioners for the arrest of offenders against
the provisions of this act shall be entitled to a
fee of five dollars for each person he or they
may arrest and take before any such commis-
sioner as aforesaid, with such other fees as
may be deemed reasonable by such commis-
sioner for such other additional services as may
be necessarily performed by him or them, such
as attending at the examination, keeping the
prisoner in custody, and providing him with
food and lodging during his detention, and
until the final determination of such commis-
sioner, and in general for performing such other
duties as may be required in the premises; such
fees to be made up in conformity with the fees
usually charged by the officers of the courts of
justice within the proper district or county^, as
near as may be practicable, and paid out of the
Treasury of the United States on the certificate
of the judge of the district within which the
arrest is made, and to be recoverable from the
defendant as part of the judgment in case of
conviction.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the President of the United States shall
have reason to believe that offenses have been
or are likely to be committed against the pro-
visions of this act within auy judicial district,
it shall be lawful for him, in his discretion, to
direct the judge, marshal, and district attorney
of sueh district to attend at such place within
the district, and for sach time as he may desig-
nate, for the purpose of the more speedy arrest
and trial of persons charged with a violation
of this act; and it shall be the duty of every
judge or other officer, when any such requisi-
tion shall be received by him, to attend at the
place and for the time therein designated.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, or such person as he may empower for
that purpose, to employ such part of the land
or naval forces of the United States, or of the
militia, as- shall be necessary to prevent the
violation and enforce the due execution of this
act.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That upon
all questions of law arising in any cause under
the provisions of this act a final appeal may
be taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate, pro tempore.
In the Senate of she United States,
April 0, 1800.
The President of the United States having
returned to the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill entitled "An act to protect all persons
in the United States in their civil rights, and
furnish the means of' their vindication," with
his objections thereto, the Senate proceeded,
in pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the same; and,
Rcsolced, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate.
iu the hottse of representatives op the
United States, April 9, 1866.
The House of Representatives having pro-
ceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the bill entitled "An act to protect
all persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and furnish the means of their vindi-
cation," returned to-the Senate by the Presi-
dent, of the United States, with his objections,
and sent by the Senate to the Bouse of Rep-
resentatives, with the message of the President,
returning the bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass,- two thirds
