1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3711
in other pursuits may create a market that will
furnish a ready sale for the products of agri-
culture. It is not alone the supply of food to
the workmen employed in manufacturing and
raining and commerce that creates such a mar-
ket. The development of mechanical skill that
converts into articles af value the great staples
of agricultural production, like wool,' cotton,
flax, hemp, and various other products, is of
far greater importance. Many articles are
thrown away as useless until manufacturing
skill imparts value to them. The cultivation
of those great staples would yield no profit but
for the mechanical skill and industry developed
by manufacturing. Their bulk renders the
transportation of most of such products to dis-
tant foreign markets so expensive as often to
consume the whole of their value, leaving no
profit to the producer.
This country possesses advantages over every
other in the world, i*i its diversity of climate,
in its mineral wealth, and in its abundance of
fertile lands that require only labor to make
them productive. But of what use is it to
extend the cultivation of those fertile lands if
there are none to consume the products? A
few acres supply food to the cultivator; and
there is no incentive to industry and energy
unless there is a market for his products. The
farmers of the West have in many instances
within a few years consumed their corn for
fuel, because there was no cheap mode of
transportation to supply it to miners, who
gladly'would have furnished coal in exchange
l'or that corn. How much more must this be
tlic case when the farmer depends on a foreign
demand for a market, subjecting his products
to the cost of thousands of miles of transpor-
tation. The opponents of protection to home
industry say we should be content to find mar-
kets abroad for our agricultural products and
depend on the foreign manufacturer to supply
what we need; by which means the value of
everything the fiffmer raises is diminished by
the high charges for transportation by land
and by sea, and the cost is enhanced of all he
receives in return for his products, instead of
placing the farmer, the miner, and the rnanu-
iacturer side by side, where each ean'aid and
supply the wants of the other, and thereby
save the immense cost of transportation hither
and thither across the ocean.
My theory of protection to American indus-
try does not differ materially from the practice
of the English theory of "free trade," as ap-
plied to the interest of British industry and
commerce; which is to encourage free trade
in all raw malerials for manufacture which
cannot be produced in Great Britain, and in
all articles which Great Britain can produce
cheaper than any other country. This British
idea of free trade is identical with my idea of
what the protection policy of this country should
be as applied to the interest of American indus-
try and commerce, namely, to encourage free
trade in all the materials for manufacture which
we cannot produce, or which we can produce
cheaper than any other country, and to impose
duties for the protection of American labor
against the competition of the cheaper labor of
foreign countries on all articles which we can
produce, and for revenue alone on those other
articles which we cannot produce.
The tendency of a purely agricultural com-
munity is aristocratic; the large landed propri-
etor and the laborers who till the soil composing
mainly such a community, [n Europe, where
ever this condition of society exists, the labor-
ers constitute what is termed " the peasantry."
In the only portions of our own country where
purely agricultural communities were preferred,
that labor has been performed by slaves. Field
labor under the supervision of the proprietor
of the land, or his agents, requires but little
tkill or intelligence. In such communities
1 killed labor is not appreciated, and education
and the improvement of the laboring class are
discouraged as useless and tending to create
discontent and insubordination. In acommu-
nity where agriculture is combined with man-
ufacturing, mining, and mechanical pursuits,
intelligent skilled labor is absolutely essential,
and to that end the education and improvement
of all classes of the people are demanded for
the public interest. For this reason in a com-
munity where the protection of industry en-
courages diversity of occupation, combining
agricultural with manufacturing and mechan-
ical employments, there will be found school-
houses, churches, and lyceums, in every city,
town, and village, and it will be rare to find a
native-born citizen who cannot read and write
and converse intelligently on almost any topic
of general concern. The effect of a free-trade
theory, favoring a purely agricultural commu-
nity dependent on foreign commerce for its
supplies of manufactures, may have been seen
in the condition of most of the slave States,
in which the community generally consisted
of some large landed proprietors, some poor
whites, and a great many slaves, and where
it was said to be exceptional to find a laboring
man, black or white, who could read and write.
I confess that I am proud of the condition
of New England, considered in this aspect;
and I am so well satisfied with my own State,
which enjoys the reputation of taking the lead
in all the great moral and intellectual reforms
to raise the standard of intelligence and cult-
ure, that I am never offended by any of the
sneers or denunciations of Massachusetts, by
rebels and rebel sympathizers, and which are
sometimes even heard on the floor of this
House.
In regard to this tariff bill, I am not aware
that Now England has asked for anything in
it; the changes it proposes do not generally
favor her interests. The manufacturers of
New England have been for several years sup-
plied with coal, free of duty, from the neigh-
boring British Provinces. This tariff bill im-
poses upou it a duty of §1 50 per ton, which
is equal to five dollars per ton on every ton of
iron produced in New England—more than
three tons of coal being consumed in the mail-
'ufacture of a ton of rolled or cast iron. The
gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr. Ketj.ey]
says, however, that this will benefit Now Eng-
land manufacturers ; but they cannot see it in
that light. I shall ask for a special vote on it
in the House, with the hope that the amend-
ment made in the Committee of the Whole
House will be rejected, and thereby restore the
section taxing coal as it was reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means with the ap-
proval of the distinguished Representative
from the Pittsburg district of Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Moouhead."]
The duty on salt has been increased seventy-
five per cent., making the whole duty equal to
about three hundred and fifty per cent, on the
foreign cost. This article is largely used in
New England for preserving and packing fish.
Our fishermen and packers cannot understand
how they are to be benefited by this increase
of duty, though the gentleman from Philadel-
phia says they will be benefited. The crushers
of linseed along the eastern coast are simply
" crushed out" by this tariff; and we must
hereafter import the oil, as it will be a long
time before the West can supply the requisite
quantity to meet the consumption of the whole
country. I think our distinguished chairman
of Ways and Means will be unwilling to have
this bill, if it becomes a law, known as the
" Morrill tariff." It would be more justly des-
ignated as the "Pennsylvania and western
tariff."
I shall vote for this bill, however, because
other portions of the country than New Eng-
land say thatit is necessary for their protection,
and because I believe in the theory of protect-
ing the labor and of encouraging the develop-
ment of the great material resources of this
country. But I am opposed to such high rates
of duty as this tariff imposes, except as a tem-
porary measure to meet the exigencies of the
present time, growing out of the expansive
condition of the currency and the scarcity of
labor, which are inevitable results of the war
in which the nation has been engaged. I be-
lieve that when the injurious effects of thewar
have passed away, and our currency, which
measures the value of property, is restored to
the standard of coin, lower rates and a perma-
nent scale of duties will better protect the sifti-
stantial interests of industry and promote the
prosperity of the whole country.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I observe this
morning in the House some signs which the
friends of this bill evidently regard as signs of
demoralization of those gentlemen who yester-
day seemed confident of success in defeating
the principal features of this bill. I trust that
when wc come to a vote upon several of the
great questions involved in the bill it will be
found not only that the West is neither demor-
alized on the one hand nor correctly repre-
sented in its interests on the other by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delaxo,]
and also thatNew England is not converted by
the gentleman from Ohio to entertain the theory
that he has put forward this morning.
So far as I can remember the substance of
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, they
rested mainly upon the necessity of protecting
the wool-growing interest of this country. To
that subject I desire the attention of the House
for a few moments. The wool that is imported
from foreign countries at the lower rates of
which they speak, now comes mainly from Aus-
tralia and the ports of Brazil. It is produced
chiefly there because land is cheap, grass is
abundant, the winters are mild, and the sheep
are healthy. The attempts of the wool-growing
interest in this country east of the Mississippi
valley to secure prosperity to itself and a rich
return for the culture of wool will prove vain
unless you can upset the arrangements of divine
Providence in this country. The far West pos-
sesses all the conditions of cheap production.
It is hardly five years since sheep were intro-
duced in any quantity into the State of Iowa.
We have increased the number from hundreds
of thousands to about two millions in that State.
No protection which you of the East can get
will enable you to permanently devote your-
selves to this interest, and you must turn your
attention to some other investment. Why, sir,
when you get sheep on the western plains,
especially in the buffalo range and on the Ar-
kansas and neighboring streams, where the
grass is sweet and nutritious and where ani-
mals range the entire winter, you will find sheep
produced there so easily and so cheaply that
you cannot compete with the vast future pro-
duction of wool on the plains of the West.
In the East, where your land is worth twenty
dollars and thirty dollars per acre, where for
nearly six months in the year you feed your
sheep upon the grass that has been cut and
dried at great expense, where hay is costly; I
say that where these things exist you cannot
compete with the production of the West, where
the winters are short, and where we need but
a small amount of forage for the winter. The
attempt is vain to do it. Therefore I say it is
necessary to adjust tariffs upon other principles
than by the attempt to confer bounties upon a
particular branch of industry to secure the de-
velopment of that branch in a particular part
of the country. Whatever gentlemen may say
to the contrary, I say that to-day the raising of
wool in Iowa is one of the most lucrative
branches of business to which farmers can
direct their attention, and it will be still more
lucrative as you go further West, where still
cheapcr elements of production will be found.
Now. lot me say that my objection to this
tariff bill consists mainly in this, that it rests
upon no fixed principle in itself, and upon no
fixed policy that hangs upon a correct principle
of adjustment. Just so certain as you yield to
this interest and that interest and the other
interest the particular protection which it de-
mands, just so certain do you run from the one
branch to another in order to equalize what
you have given to one by giving more to an-
other, to compensate for whatever injury may
possibly be done to it.
Mr. WOODBRIDG-E. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. KASSON. I would rather yield when
