1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
of the House of .Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest;
EDWARD McPHERSON, Clerk,
by CLINTON LLOYD, Chief Clerk.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act granting to the State
of Wisconsin a Donation of public Lands to
aid in the Construction of a Breakwater and
Harbor and Ship-Canal at the head of Stur-
§eon Bay, in the County of Door, in said
tate, to connect the Waters of Green Bay
with Lake Michigan, in said State.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentative!! of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, granted to the State of Wisconsin for the
purpose of aiding said State in constructing
and completing a breakwater and harbor and
ship-canal to connect the waters of Green bay
with the waters of Lake Michigan, two hun-
dred thousand acres of public lands, to be se-
lected in subdivisions agreeably to the United
States survey, by an agent or agents appointed
by the Governor of said State, subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, from
lands subject to private entry: Provided, That
said selections shall all be made from alternate
and odd-numbered sections of land nearest the
location of said harbor and canal in said State
not otherwise appropriated, and not from lands
designated by*the United States as "mineral"
before the passage of this act, nor from lands
to which the rights of preemption or homestead
have attached.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said lands hereby granted shall be subject to
the disposal of the Legislature of said State,
or, if the Legislature thereof shall not be in
session, or shall adjourn within ten days after
the passage and approval of this act, then said
lands shall be subject to the disposal of the
Governor and board ofcommissioners of school,
university, and swamp lands of said State, for
the purposes aforesaid, and for no other; and
the said canal shall be and remain a public high-
way for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, free from toll or charge upon the
vessels of said Government, or upon vessels
employed by said Government in the transpor-
tation of any property or troops of the United
States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That before
it shall be competent for said State to dispose
of any of said lands, to be selected as afore-
said, the plan of said breakwater and harbor
and the route of said canal shall be established,
and a plat or plats thereof shall be filed in the
office of the War Department, and a duplicate
thereof filed in the office of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if the
said breakwater, harbor, and canal shall not
be completed within three years from the pas-
sage of this act, the lands hereby granted and
remaining unsold shall revert to the United
States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Legislature of said State shall cause to be
kept an accurate account of the sales and net
proceeds of the lands hereby granted, and of
all expenditures in the construction, repairs,
and operating of said canal, and of the earn-
ings thereof, and shall return a a statement of
the same annually to the Secretary of the In-
terior. And whenever said State shall be fully
reimbursed for all advances made for the con-
struction, repairs, and operating of said canal,
with legal interest on all advances until the
reimbursement of the same, or upon payment
by the United States of any balance oi such
advances over such receipts from said lands
and canal, with such interest, the said State
shall be allowed to tax for the use of said canal
only such tolls as shall be sufficient to pay all
necessary expenses for the care, charge, and
repair of the same.
Seu. 6. And be it further enacted, Thatsaid
ship-canal shall be at least one hundred feet in
width, with a depth of water not less than thir-
teen feet.
Approved, April 10,1866.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to grant the Right of
Way to the " Cascade Railroad Company"
through a military Reserve in Washington
Territory.
Whereas the Cascade Railroad Company, a cor-
poration duly created and organized under the
laws of Washington Territory, has constructed
and put in operation a railroad on the,Cascade
Portage of the Columbia river, in saicl Terri-
tory, a portion of which said road is constructed
through a military reserve of the United States;
and whereas doubts have arisen as to the right
to construct such road through said reserve and
the validity of the charter of said company:
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be, and
is hereby, granted to the said Cascade Railroad
Company a right of way of sixty feet in width
along the line of said road as at present con-
structed and along the changes of location here-
after made to straighten and render said road
safe, through the public lands of the United
States, the military reserve, and tlie lands of
private persons agreeing thereto, including all
necessary grounds for stations, buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, and wharves. And the charter of said
company is hereby adopted and declared to be
valid: Provided, That nothing in this act shall
be so construed as to give said company the
right to occupy for any purpose whatever more
than sixty feet in width on the line of said road
at any point or points where the space or pass
between the river and bluff or mountain is so
narrow as not to admit of the construction of
another parallel railroad, turnpike, road, canal,
or other public work for transportation of freight
or passengers.
Approved, April 10, 1866.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to provide Ways and Means
to supportthe Government,' 'approved March
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America ill
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act to provide ways and means to support the
Government," approved March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, shall be extended and
construed to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury, at his discretion, to receive any Treas-
ury notes or other obligations issued under any
act of Congress, whether bearing interest or
not, in exchange for any description of bonds
authorized by the act to which this is an amend-
ment; and also to dispose of any description
of bonds authorized by said act, either in the
United States or elsewhere, to such an amount,
in such manner, and at such rates as he may
thinkadvisable, for lawful money of the United
States, or for any Treasury notes, certificates
of indebtedness, or certificates of deposit, or
other representatives of value, which have been
or which may be issued under any act of Con-
gress, the proceeds thereof to be used only for
retiring Treasury notes or other obligations 1
issued under any act of Congress ; but nothing
herein contained shall be construed to author-
ize any increase of the public debt: Provided,
That of United States notes not more than ten
millions of dollars maybe retired and canceled
within six months from the passage of this act,
and thereafter not more than four millions of
dollars in any one month: And provided fur-
ther, That the act to which this is an amend-
ment shall continue in full force in all its pro-
visions, except as modified by this act.
1 Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall report to Con-
gress at the commencement of the next ses-
sion the amount of exchanges made oi- money
borrowed under this act, and of whom, and on
what terms; and also the amount and charac-
ter of indebtedness retired under this act, and
the act to which this is an amendment, with a
detailed statement of the expense of making
such loans and exchanges.
Approved, April 12, 1866.
Ciiap. XL.—An Act to reimburse the State of
Pennsylvania for Moneys advanced Govern-
ment for War Purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That to supply a deficiency
in paying the Army, under the act of March
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
and to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania
for money expended for payment of militia in
the service of the United States, the sum of
eight hundred thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated: Provided, That be-
fore the same is paid, the claim of the said
State shall be again examined and settled by
the Secretary of War.
Appp.oved, April 12, 1866.
Chap. XLI.—An Act to amend "An Act to
incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia."
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the third section of
an act entitled "An act to incorporate the
Mutual Fire Insurance Company'j'w [of] the
District of Columbia," approved on the tenth
day of January, eighteen hundred and tifty-
five, be, and the same hereby is, so amended
as to read fifty thousand dollars, in the place
of twenty thousand dollars.
Approved, April 12, 1866.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act to establish (he Collec-
tion District of Port Huron, the Collection
District of Michigan, the Collection District
of Montana and Idaho, and to change the
Name of the Collection District of Penob-
scot.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of tlie United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a new collection dis-
trict, to be called the district of Port Huron,
be, and the same is hereby, established in the
State of Michigan, which shall embrace the
mouth and entire shore of the Saint Clair river,
and the counties of Saint Clair, Lapeer, Tus-
cola, and Saginaw, and all the tenitory and
waters of the State of Michigan lying north of
said counties and east of the principal merid-
ian ; and a collector shall be appointed to
reside at Port Huron, which shall be the sole
port of entry for said district. And the said
collector .shall receive the same compensation
provided for the collectors of Pembina, Chi-
cago, and certain other ports, by the second
section of the act entitled "Anact to regulate
the foreign coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United Stales, and for other purposes,"
approved .Tune seventeen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four. And all the territory and
waters of the said _ State of Michigan lying
west of the said principal meridian, and not
includedin thedistrict of Michilimackinac, are
h'ereby made a separate district, to be called
the district of Michigan, for which a collector,
with the same compensation as above pro-
vided for the collector of Port Huron, shall be
appointed to reside at Grand Haven, which
shall be the sole port of entry for said district
of Michigan.
