i86a
THE CONG-RESSI0NAL GLOBE.
' - NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the House pro-
ceeded to-the consideration of the amendments
of the Seriate to House bill No. 122, making
appropriations for.the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1867, as reported from
the Committee on Appropriations.
First amendment:
Strike out the following:
Provided, That there be transferred from apprdi
prxations for to the contingent expenses of the
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting.
And in lieu thereof insert the following :
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
l'Or expenses that may accrue for the following
purposes, namely: expenses of recruiting, traveling
expenses, ot officers, transportation of men, printing
and stationery, advertising in public newspapers,
postage on public letters, wharfago and demurrage,
apprehension of deserters, pilotage and towage of
vessels, and assistance to vessels in distress, $800,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert the following:
Provided, That in the purchase of carpets and fur-
niture provided for in this act they-shall be of do-
mostic manufacture.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
After these words:
For the purchase of Scavey's Island". $105,000: Pro-
vided, That a. perfect and approved title in fee to the
whole island can be obtained and vested in the Uni-
ted States for that sura, ♦
Add the following:
And provided further. That in case the owners of
lots and improvements on said island shall not agree
to receive said sum for the whole of said island and
tho privileges and improvements thereunto belong-
ing, the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to
discontinue communication from said island through
said navy-yard, to take effect on fhe 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1867.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment num-
bered three, with an amendment striking out
the words '{the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
directed to discontinue communication from
said island through the said navy-yard," and
inserting in lieu thereof, uthe Secretary of the
Navy is hereby authorized to discontinue the
public use of the bridge and thoroughfare lead-
ing from said island to and across the navy-
yard."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 desire to
state, if the amendment suggested be adopted,
the proviso will then read as the law does at
present. The Secretary of the Navy is now
authorized to discontinue that bridge.
Mr. STEVENS. J move to strike out "au-
thorized" and insert "required."
Mr. Stevens's amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee on Ap-
propriations as amended was agreed to; and
then the amendment of the Senate as amended
was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Insert under the head of " Boston/' the following :
For purchase of Oakman & Eldridgc's wharf, $lo5,-
000: Provided, That this sum shall eovcr the whole
cost of the property, and that it can "be acquired on
terms satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Insert the following:
For quay-wall extension at sewer, $100,000.
For continuing the work on the new machine and
boiler shop, £100,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Under the head of "Norfolk" insert tho following:
For ship-joiners' shop and timber shed "No. 12,
§45,000.
For storehouse No. li, $40,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out "or so much thereof as may be accessary,
twenty " and insert in lieu thereof, " and for repairs,
of all kinds, fifty •" so that it will read: .
For the preservation of the property of the United
States at $© Pensaeola navy-yard, and for repairs
of all kinds, $50,GOO.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in..
Eighth amendment:
Insert the following:
And the pay of the clerk of the yardand first clerk
to naval storekeeper at cach of the navy-yards at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and Philadelphia shall
be $1,200 per annum, thesame as those rates received
at Boston, New York, and Washington.
For the construction of a levee on the river front
of the Government proporty at Mound City, Illinois,
$<.000.
To pay mileage of Visitors to the Naval Academy,
$1,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment num-
bered eight, with an amendment striking out
all after the words "per annum," and insert-
ing as follows:
For testing tho use of petroleum as a fuel under
marine boilers, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to, and the
amendment of the Senate as amended was
concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Insert the following:
For the purchase of the land ndjacentto the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, belonging to the State of
Maryland, and known as the Uoveminent house and
grounds, $25,000.
For the purchaso of other grounds at Annapolis
for the use of the Naval Academy, $25,000.
For tho ercction of a building suitable for the ac-
commodation of tho third and fourth classes of the
Naval Academy, $100,000.
For the erection of a foundery and machine-shop at
the Naval Academy. £20,000.
For the increase of the library at the Naval Acad-
emy, $2,000.
For the enlargement of tho chapel at the Naval
Academy and for the erection of mural tablets therein
to commemorate tho memory of naval officers who
have sacrificed their lives in the scrvioe of the coun-
try. 517,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment num-
bered nine, with an amendment striking out the
second clause thereof, and also striking out the
words "foundery and" in the fourth clause
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to, and the Sen-
ate amendment as amended was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
In the following strike out "twenty-five" and in
lieu thereof insert " fifteen
For preparing for publication the American Nau-
tical Almanac, $23,850.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
In the following strike out "July," and insert
Sko. 2. And he it further enacted. That so much of
the first section of the act making appropriations for
the naval service, approved July 21,1804. as appro-
priates $250,000 44 for bounties for destruction of ene-
mies' vessels, as per act of July 17,1802," be amended
so that said appropriation shall apply to all eases of
destruction of enemies' vessels duiing the recent re-
bellion, and at the same rate as is provided iA tho act
to which reference is made.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Insert the following:
Skc. 4. Add be it further enacted, That the second
section of an act entitled "An act to regulate the pay
of the Navy of the United States," approved Starch
3, 1865, and all acts and parts of acts authorizing the
appointment of Navy agents be, and the same aro
hereby, repealed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted; That the exami-
nation of candidates for admission to the Naval Acad-
emy shall be held at such stated tunes as the Seoie-
tary of the Navy may direct.
Skc. 6. And be it further enacted. That the office of
assistant in Bureau of Ordnance be, and the same is
hereby, abolished.
Sue. 7. And he it farther enacted, That hereafter no
vacancy in the grade of professor of mathematics in
the Navy shall be filled.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That tho act ap-
proved August 31, 1852. for surveys and reeonnois-
sances, for naval and commercial purposes, of such
parts of Bchring straits, of the north Pacific ocean,
and oftke China seas, as a<reJVeQ[tte&te#l^ American
whale shipfe and by trading, vessels in their routes be-
tween the United States and China bo, and-the same
is hereby, revived, and tho Secretary of the Navy is
hereby authorized and required to recommence, and
continue surveys and reconnoissances in the Pacific
ocean not yet fully examined, by using such .vessels,
officers, crews, outfits, and supplies of the Navy as
may be necessary, and available for that service. .
Sec. 9, And be it further enacted. That, for the pur-
pose of settling the accounts ttf disbursing officers of*
the Navy where payments for contingent expenses
havebeen made from the appropriation for the pay of
tho Navy prior to the passage of the act making ap-
propriations for the fiscal year 1863-64, the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
transfer from tho appropriation -for the pay of th&
Na vy to the appropriation for contingent the.sum, of
$230,004 12..
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment num-
bered twelve, with an amendment, so that ill©
first section thereof shall read as follows:
And be it further enacted, d?hat so much of tho sec-
ond section of an aet entitled "An act to regulate the
pay of the Navy of the United States," approved
March 3,1835, as prohibits any allowance to any offi-
cer in the naval service for. rent of quarters, or for
furniture, or for light?, or fuel, or transporting bag-
gage, and all aets and parts of acts authorizing the
appointmont of Navy agents, bo, and the same are
hereby, ropealed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend section six by adding at the end the
words '' if approved by the Secretary of the
Navy." . I am not aware that he has been con-
sulted on this subject. The section will then
read:
That the office of assistant in Bureau of Ordnance
be, and the same is hereby, abolished,if approved by
the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to
that. t
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate as amended, and
they were concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House acted on the amendments
of the Senate; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that a com-
mittee of confcrencc be appointed on the part
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE,
Mr. DRIGGS asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Julian for ten days.
And then, on motion of Mr. HALE, (at four
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKEli: The proceedings of a public
meeting of Union men in Oveitoncounty,Tennessee,
signed by 114 voters thereof.
JBy Mr. BilOOMALL: The petitions of citizens of
the cities of Chester and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
asking an appropriation for tho harbor of tho former
citv.
By Mr. DRLOGS: The petition of Jonathan Day-
ton, and 200 others, citizens of Grand Hlane, Michi-
gan, asking for an increase of duty on wool.
Also, tho petition of J. S. Judson, and 50 others,
citizens of Bay City, Michigan, for a law to regulate
insurance between tho .States.
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of 80 citizens of
Fayette county, Pennsylvania, asking for the estab-
lishment of a post route from Farmington to Bran-
donville, Virginia, with a new post office located at
Shinbono Alley, Wharton township, Fayette county,
aforesaid.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of W. W. Crapo, and
others, citizens ot Massachusetts, praying«that com-
pensation may be allowed to tho officers and crew of
the Kearsarge for the destruction of the AIabamat
according to the recommendationof the Secretary ot
the Navy. ,
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of Robert George,
and 117 others, wool-growers of eastern Ohio, asking
an additional duty on wool.
Also, the petition of 53 citizens of Marlborough,
Stark county, Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr, FJsRRY: The memorial of many citizens
of Ottawa county, Michigan, asking for the estab-
lishment of a postioute from Holland to Grand Kap-
ids, via Zeeland, Vriesland, Jamestown, and Grand-
V12y Mr. FARNSWOKTH: The petition of D. Val-
online, and numerous others, of Aurora, Illinois, for
increased taiiff on wool.
By Mr. HUBBELL, of N ew York: The petition of
II. A. Bi igham, paymaster United States Army, pray-
ing for increase ot pay.
