3718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
I have got through my argument. But if the
gentleman desires it, 1 will yield now.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I merely wish to say
to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] that
wwPuritans of New England do not war against
the laws of Providence. And if fifty-years hence
we find we cannot raise wool there, we will raise
something else, for we can do it. But we ask
the gentlemen of the West to come forward and
help us now, and also help the West, and God
will take care of the future.
Mr. KASSON. If I understand the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] cor-
rectly, in his opinion as well as mine the title
of this bill should be changed so as to read, '' A
bill to prevent the diffused blessings of divine
Providence from being enjoyed by the people
of the United States.'' It is an attempt against
the laws of Providence to force the people of
this country to pay more for what they need
than the laws of Providence would otherwise
require. As I was going on to say, this system
of protecting one of the articles that you raise
the cost of by this bill, cjompels you to go im-
mediately to another interest and raise the price
of that. Take the article of wool, for instance:
no sooner do you propose to increase the tariff
on wool than you immediately go to the manu-
facturers of wool and give them an increased
protection on their manufactures. And thus
those who raise the wool pay back a large part
of the bounty that is paid for the raising of
wool to contribute to the bounty given to the
manufacturer, and the non-producer of wool
pays both bounties in buyinghis clothing. And
so it is in relation to the article of iron, or upon
any other particular branch upon' which you
increase your tariff, you immediately go off in
another direction and increase the tariff upon
other collateral interests affected by it; and so
you-build up a gigantic system of bounties upon
all these interests upon the plea of protecting
them.
The fundamental error in this bill is this :
you endeavor to make the people of this coun-
try .grow rich off each -other. I remember that
nj)ou a former occasion I illustrated my argu-
ment in this way: one man in a village was
buying lots of another, and the other was buy-
ing lots of him. They were buying and selling
with each other. Asoneofthemremarked, "We
are trying to grow rich off each other.'' And
thus it is in this system of protection by high
bounties. You ai-e aiming to make the people
of this country grow rich, not by selling to
foreign people and making their profits from
abroad, for that you could do by a correct
tariff; but here you are attempting to make
one class of people in this country grow rich by
the burdens you impose upon another class of
people. I will agree to any tariff which will
enable you to sell abroad in foreign countries
and make your profits off foreign people. But
you now ask me to vote for a bill which is go-
ing to build up one portion of the people of
this country by the impoverishment of an-
other portion. Develop your industry in such
a shape and arrange your tariff in such a man-
ner that you can sell your goods to foreign
countries, and you not only aid to make the
manufacturers of the United States rich off the
people of foreign countries, but you also ben-
efit the people of this country by reducing the
cost of what you manufacture to the consumers
of this country.
Now, sir, to illustrate. Instead of granting
your bounties everywhere upon the manufac-
ture of certain articles in this country, admit
on your free list most of those articles which
are at the base of our manufactures. Dimin-
ish the cost of the manufactures of this coun-
try, and then you accomplish two purposes:
you sell more cheaply, and at the same time
without loss of profit to yourselves. You sell
more cheaply to the people of this country;
ayd you begin to prepare yourselves for ship-
ping abroad and underselling foreign manu-
facturers in their markets. But when you pile
your tariff duties upon the .raw materials, and
then of necessity pile them upon the manu-
factured articles, and then, of necessity pilo
them upon other dependent interests in this
country to enable them to raise the means to
buy your paanufactures at the increased prices,
you are doing nothing under heaven but en-
deavoring to make one portion of the people
of this country rich at the expense of another,
and then turning round and endeavoring to
enrich the latter by taking away from the for-
mer. The result will be the same -as if you
should attempt, with a capital in one interest
of $50,000,000 and the'same amount of capi-
tal in another interest, to take the profits that
one makes and give them to the other, in order
to restore the equilibrium. What you call pro-
tection, therefore, is simply a system of bor-
rowing from one to pay to another. To this
system of tariff I object; and I understand
the people of the West to object to it, because
those who produce nothing in the way of manu-
factures are obliged to foot all the bills of these
accumulated bounties granted by this tariff bill
to special interests.
Now, sir, take the article of railroad iron.
There are some scores of millions of dollars, it
is claimed, invested in the production of rail-
road iron in this country. To protect that,
interest you increase the tariff upon railroad
iron. Now, in the ten States and Territories
of the West there are $-500,000,000 of capital in-
vested in railroads. The increased profits rea-
lized by the makers of railroad iron fall at once
as an increased burden upon that interest of
$500,000,000—an interest important to all the
great interests of the West. The burden is at
once felt by the people in the matter of in-
creased freights resulting from the increased
cost of the railroads. That which bears us
down in the West is, as I stated yesterday, the
terrific cost of getting our products to market.
You propose to increase this cost. You tell
the farmers of the West that they are to get
their compensation by building up cities in the
Bast to buy their breadstuff's, yet you embarrass
the construction of proper lines of communi-
cation ; the very means by which we are to
get our breadstuffs to those cities. What you
call protection amounts, therefore, simply to
a system of equal robbery; taking from one
home interest to pay to another. When you
have done this you say that you have framed
an equal tariff law, and that its equal protec-
tion is diffused over all the different interests.
I say that this is illogical; it is absurd. You
must change your theory of a tariff or else you
must perpetually fail in your effort to gain a
system that shall actually make the United
States rich. If that is your object you must
diminish the cost of the production of your
manufactures; and when you have done that
you have taken a great step toward protecting
both the manufacturers and the people of the
United States. But if we go on in the present
plan of adding to the cost of everything we
produce, there is not another country on the
face of the globe that will contribute one cent
to enrich the people of the United States or be
able to buy a single article of our production.
Now, sir, when the claim is made here, as it
is so frequently, that these interests in Penn-
sylvania and elsewhere are in danger of ruin,
I appeal to the evidence of my own eyes, and
I deny it. Upon every line of railroad over
which business or duty calls me, I see improve-
ments everywhere going on for the develop-
ment of manufactures. You cannot go from
hereto Baltimore, from Baltimore to Philadel-
phia, from Philadelphia to the West; you can-
not go to New England, you cannot go any-
where that you will not see new manufacturing
establishments going up ; and if any are going
to ruin themselves it is in this way. If this is
ruin then we had better let them go on in the
direction of this action; for I never saw, and
I do notbelieve in any part of the world to-day
there is such wide-spread success and general
prosperity as in the northern States of the Union.
But you will point me to this establishment and
to that, and tell me that it has been obliged to
stop. I admit that. I know there are foolish
investments made in all Stales of the Unioft.
if a capital of $000.00!) be put in the erection
of"a mill where it' ought not to be put, and you
there attempt to compete with mills on the line
of railroads, near coal, iron, water, and raw
materials, your mill must be by comparison a
failure. You should not protect bad invest-
ments by making the balance of the country
pa^ for them. That is the only species of suf-
fering I have seen or heard of in any part of
the manufacturing region—the result of mis-
placed, or mismanaged, or extravagant invest-
ments.
But suppose you do not make as much this
year as last; it is so with farmers. I know one
spring we sell corn at a dollar and the next
spring at fifty cents, and then again we burn it
as cheap fuel. Do we go about mpurning and
complaining to the American Congress asking
for bounty to stop our losses? No, we stand
to the laws of Providence and the changes of
trade. We know that in the current of years
no other country in the world can compete
with us of the West in the production of all the
necessaries of life. Sir, this protection to these
special interests is all wrong. You are de-
manding for these interests what you never
think of giving to the agriculture of the West.
When you put your tariff upon farm products
and on cattle what do we care for that ? There
is no country upon the American continent,
except possibly Mexico-s-no, not even Mexico,
for Texas can furnish them as cheaply as Mex-
ico—can compete with us in the production of
beef and pork. But then you strike at us on
packing the articles by putting an enormous
tariff upon salt. If there be one necessar/thing
to human existence it is salt. Yet that interest
comes here and asks increase of protection so
that we cannot pack or use our beef and pork
except at this enormous increase of expense.
It is rather hard, for in I^wa and many other
parts of the West wo are not near salt-works.
But I say to these salt gentlemen that when
our railroad gets to the Salt Lake they will re-
quire at least five times the bounty they ask in
this bill to keep their salt-work# going, for there
you have nothing to do but to'rake it up and
grind it. There, again, you are undertaking a
war against divine Providence.
Sir, we must abandon this peculiar con-
ception of a protective tariff, and for that rea-
son I want the bill sent back to the Committee
of Ways and Means in order that it may be
fundamentally changed. We must have freer
admission into the country of certain bases
of manufacture, which are indispensable and
must be free to make our manufactures success-
ful. I want to press this upon the attention of
the House. For then you not only help the
manufacturer, but you diminish the cost to the
consumers on the one hand, and on the other
you enable the manufacturer to compete with
those who sell the same article abroad, and
induce him to draw his wealth from foreign
countries, in part, instead of seizing it by force
of law exclusively from our own people.
Mr. ORIS WOLD. Will the gentleman tell
me what branch of our manufactures, except
of coarse cottons, can stand the free admission
of foreign goods to compete with it? And I
would ask further whether his ideas of free
trade are not derived from these free-trade
tracts published by the Free-Trade League of
which he is a member?
Mr. KASSON. I will answer, Mr. Speaker,
that that gentleman is much better informed
as to the purposes, objects, by-laws, and organ-
ization of the Free-Trade League than I am.
I know nothing whatever of its purposes, ex-
cept the general purpose which has been main-
tained by some of the best statesmen in this
country, that a tariff should be created for
revenue with incidental protection to the in-
dustry of this country. I think that is right,
and if it is not the principle of the gentleman
from New York I think he is entirely wrong.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that he was not aware that
he was one of the officers of the Free-Trade
League?
Mr. KASSON. No, sir. I understand that
I have the distinguished honor of being a
