318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Territories of Montana and Idaho be, and the
same are hereby, made a new collection dis-
trict, to be called the district of Montana and
Idaho; and that a collector,' with the same
salary as is above provided for each of the col-
lectors of Port Huron and Michigan, shall be
appointed to reside at the port of entry in said
district, which shall be designated by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
collection district of Penobscot, in the State
of Maine, shall hereafter be called the district
of Castine.
Approved, April 13, 18G6.
Chap. XLV.—An Act making Appropriations
for tlie Naval Service for the year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Atnerica in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the Engineer
corps of the Navy, nine millions three hundred
and thirty-six thousand six hundred and thirty-
eight dollars.
For the payment of bounties to discharged
seamen, eight hundred thousand dollars.
For the purchase of various articles of equip-
ment, viz: canvas, leather, iron, cables, and
anchors, oil, galleys, and stores, and for the
payment of labor on articles manufactured in
the navy-yards, and for outfit stores in the nav-
igators', boatswains', and sailmakers' depart-
ment of vessels, one million dollars.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick and wounded of the Navy, including
the Coast Survey and Engineer and Marine
corps, one hundred and sixty-eight thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For navigation apparatus and supplies, and
for purposes incidental to navigation, one hun-
dred and ninety-two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Navy, two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
JBurcau of Yards and Docks:
For contingent expenses that may accrue
for the following purposes, viz: for freight
and transportation ; for printing, advertising,
and stationery; for books, maps, models, and
drawings; for the purchase and repair of fire-
engines ; for machinery of every description,
anil patent right to use the same : for repairs
of steam-engines and attendance; for purchase
and maintenance of oxen and horses, and
driving tea<l?s; for carts, timber-wheels, and
workmen's tools of every description for navy-
yard purposes; for telegrams and postage of
letters oil public service ; for furniture for Gov-
ernment offices and houses; for coals and other
fuel; for candles, oil, and gas; for cleaning
and clearing up yards; for flags, awnings, and
packing boxes; for pay of watchmen; for in-
cidental labor at navy-yards not applicable to
any other appropriation : for rent of landing at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire; for tolls and
ferriages ; for water tax ; and for rent of stores,
one million seven hundred and sixty thousand
dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting :
For expenses that may accrue for the follow-
ing purposes, namely: expenses of recruiting,
traveling expenses of officers, transportation
of men, printing and stationery, advertising in
public newspapers, postage on public letters,
wharfage and demurrage, apprehension of de-
serters, pilotage and towage of vessels, and
assistance to vessels in distress, eight hundred
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Navigation, viz:
For freight and transportation of navigation
materials, instruments, books, and stores ; for
postage on public letters ; for telegraphing on
public business ; for advertising for proposals;
for packing boxes and materials; for blank-
books, forms, and stationery^ at navigation
offices; for maps, charts, drawings, and mod-
els ; and for incidental expenses not applica-
ble to any other appropriation, five thousand
dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
MARINE CORPS.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, privates, clerks, messengers,
steward and nurse, and servants; for rations
and clothing for officers' servants; additional
rations to officers for five years' service; for
undrawn clothing, and bounties for enlistment,
one million one hundred and seven thousand
and sixty-six dollars and ninety-five cents.
For provisions, one hundred and sixty-nine
thousand nine hundred and seven dollars and
fifty cents.
For clothing, three hundred and fourteen
thousand six hundred and sixty-three dollars
and five cents.
For fuel, thirty thousand one hundred and
seventeen dollars.
For military stores, viz : pay of mechanics,
repair of arms, purchase of accouterments,
ordnance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other
instruments, sixteen thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, their servants,
troops, and expenses of recruiting, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices
where there are no public buildings, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight; ferriage;
toll; cartage ; wharfage ; purchase and repair
of boats ; compensation to judge advocates per
diem for attending courts-martial, courts of
inquiry, and for constant labor; house rent in
lieu of quarters; burial of deceased marines ;
printing, stationery, postage, telegraphing;
apprehension of deserters; oil, candles, gas;
repairs of gas and water fixtures; water rent,
forage, straw, barrack furniture, furniture for
officers' quarters; bed-sacks, wrapping-paper,
oil-cloth, crash, rope, twine, spades, shovels,
axes, picks, carpenters' tools ; keep of a horse
for the messenger; pay of matron, washer-
woman, and porter at the hospital headquar-
ters; repair to fire-engine; purchase and re-
pair of engine-hose ; purchase of lumber for
benches, mess tables, and bunks; repairs to
public carryall; purchase and repair of har-
ness; pui chase and repair of handcarts and
wheelbarrows; scavengering; purchase and
repair of galleys, cooking stoves, ranges;
stoves where there are no grates; gravel for
parade grounds ; repair of pumps ; furniture
for staff and commanding officers' offices;
brushes, brooms, buckets, paving, and for other
purposes, eighty thousand dollars: Provided,
That in the purchase of carpets and furniture
provided for in this act they shall be of domes-
tic manufacture.
KAVY-YARDS,
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For iron foundery, five thousand nine hun-
dred and forty-six dollars.
For shop for iron-cladding, sixteen thousand
six hundred and thirty-two dollars.
For condensers, seven thousand six hundred
and sixty dollars.
For road and timber slips, twenty-eight thou-
sand three hundred and three dollars.
For enlarging office building, niue thousand
seven hundred and forty-eight dollars.
For fitting and furnishing plumber's, cop-
persmith's, and tin shop, three thousand six
hundred dollars.
For machinery and tools, forty-eight thou-
sand one hundred dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, seventy thousand
dollars.
For completing plumber's, coppersmith's,
and tin shop, ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of Seavey's Island, one
hundred and five thousand dollars : Provided,
That a perfect and approved title in fee to the
whole island can be obtained and vested in the
United States for that sum: And provided fur-
ther, That in case the owners of lots and im-
provements on said island shall not agree to
receive said sum for the whole of said island
and the privileges and improvements thereunto
belonging, the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
required to discontinue the public use of the
bridge and thoroughfare leading from said isl-
and to and across the navy-yard, to take effect
on the first day of January, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven.
Boston.
Forpurchase oftherightof drainage through
the yard, now held by the city of Charlestown,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For one steam fire-engine, five thousand
dollars.
For widening main entrance, twelve thousand
dollars.
For tools for machine and forge shops, sev-
enty-one thousand five hundred dollars.
For machinery for ropewalk, thirty-one thou-
sand dollars.
For filling in a portion of timber-dock, forty
thousand dollars.
For addition to stable, eight thousand dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, eighty-five thousand
dollars.
New York.
For iron-plating shop, ninety-eight thousand
nine hundred and twenty-two dollars.
For receiving store, forty-seven thousand six
hundred and three dollars.
For quay-wall extension at sewer, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the new machine
and boiler shop, one hundred thousand dollars.
For dredging channels, sixty-five thousand
dollars.
For special repairs, twenty thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred and
sixteen thousand dollars.
For the purchase of the Ruggles property,
ninety thousand dollars.
For protecting from destruction and decay
the unfinished buildings and other structures
already commenced, for which no appropriation
is made in this bill, twenty thousand dollars.
Philadelphia.
For dredging channels, four thousand and
twenty-eight dollars.
For repairs of dry dock, forty-six thousand
dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, fifty-eight thousand
four hundred and eighty dollars.
For completing saw-mill, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For extending south pier one hundred feet,
fifteen thousand dollars.
Washington.
For new paint shop, eight thousand five hun-
dred and eighty-three dollars.
For smithery, twelve thousand and sixty-two
dollars.
For extension of iron foundery, eight thou-
sand four hundred and forty-five dollars.
For machinery and tools, ninety thousand
six- hundred dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, sixty-one thousand
six hundred dollars.
Norfolk.
For railway track and cars, eight thousand
dollars.
