1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2759
Mr. HOTCHKISS. There.is one feature of
this amendment that I would like to under-
stand. I do not understand that this is a tax
upon these companies. It provides—
That all such persons, firms, companies, and cor-
porations shall have the right to add the tax imposed
hereby to their rates of fare whenever their liability
thereto may commence, any limitation which may
exist by law or by agreement with any person oreom-
pany which may have paid or be liable to pay such
fare to the contrary notwithstanding.
This is simply a tax upon their customers.
I would like to have it explained by the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify my amend-
ment by inserting after the words "gross re-
ceipts'' the words "from passengers and mails."
I have only to say that the law is left exactly
as it now is with the exception of exempting
all freights, and the provision objected to by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hotch-
kiss,] which authorizes the railroads to add
this tax to their rates of fare, is one that has
always existed, and is more required in the
gentleman's own State, New York, than in
any other.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
question.
Mr. MORRILL. Wait until I have answered
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SPALDING. Well, let us vote down
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will keep
his temper until I reply to the gentleman from
New York, he shall have a chance. The gen-
tleman from New York knows very well that
in his own State the roads are restricted 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDING. I hope this amendment
will not prevail. I am opposed to it. If I
understand it corrcctly, it is the very provision
we discussed here two years ago for one or two
days, and the chairman of the committee then
yielded to us and put this tax in another shape
in his bill. It now purports to be a tax upon
the gross receipts of steamboats, railroads, &c.,
from passengers, but really, according to the
amendment, there is very little difference made
between passenger steamers and freight steam-
ers. It will be a tax of two and a half per cent,
upon the gross receipts of all railroads, freight
steamers, canal-boats, and everything _ else.
The bill which is sought to be amended is tol-
erably distinct.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will see
that, as modified, it only applies to receipts
from passengers and mails.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Ohio yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. This is
a very important section, and I suggest that it
be passed over informally, and that in the
mean time the amendment offered be printed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Ihave moved an amend-
ment to strike out the provision which imposes
a tax upon passengers. The gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, says that in
my State we need this provision. In that he
is mistaken. In my State we have restricted
the railroad companies to a ccrtain charge
upon passengers per mile, and we intend to
hold the companies to that charge.
Mr. MORRILL. That was before any tax
was levied.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Precisely, and this steps
in between the company and its passengers
and changes the contract. We have provided
by the legislation of the State of New York
that these companies must abide by the pro-
visions of their charters. We have more re-
cently provided that no men shall ride upon
their roads without paying their fares. I ask
that my amendment be printed, together with
that of the gentleman from Vermont.
The section was then passed over inform-
ally.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Would
it be in order to ask the consent of the com-
mittee that the amendments offered be printed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee can give
their consent, but that would not be an order
to print.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and seven be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that any per-
son, firm, company, or corporation owning or pos-
sessing or having the care or management of any
telegraphic line by which telegraphic dispatches or
messages are received or transmitted, shall be subject
to and pay a tax of three per cent, on the gross
amount of all receipts of such person, firm, company,
or corporation.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by add-
ing to the paragraph the following proviso :
Provided, That no returns shall be required of
receipts not subject to tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and eleven be amended
by inserting after the words "proprietors, managers,
or agents of lotteries" the words "and all lottery
ticket dealers."
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and ten be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: that there shall
he levied, collected, and paid a tax of one twenty-
fourth of one percent, each month upon the average
amount of the deposits of money, subject to payment
by check or draft, or represented by certificates of
deposit or otherwise, whether payable on demand or
at some future day, with any person, bonk, associa-
tion, company, or corporation engaged in the busi-
ness of banking; and a tax of one twenty-fourth of
one per cent, each month, as aforesaid, upon the cap-
ital ot any bank, association, company, or corpora-
tion, and on the capital employed by any person in
the business of banking beyond the amount invested
in United States bonds; and a tax of one twelfth of
one per cent, each month upon the average amount
of circulation issued by any bank, association, cor-
poration, company, or person, including as circula-
tion all certified checks and all notes and other obli-
gations calculated or intended to circulate or to be
used as money, but not including that, in the vault
of the hank, or redeemed and on deposit for said
bank ; and an additional tax of one sixth of one per
cent, each month upon the average amount of such
circul a tion. issued as aforesaid, beyond the amount of
ninety per cent, of the capital of any such bank, asso-
ciation, corporation, company, or person. And on the
first Monday of each month a true and accurate return
of the amount of circulation, of deposit, and of capital,
as aforesaid, and of the amount of notes of State banks
or State banking associations paid out by them for the
previous month, shall be made and rendered in dupli-
cate by each of such banks, associations, corporations,
companies, or persons to the assessor of the district
in which any such bank, association, corporation, or
company may be located, or in which such person
may reside, with a declaration annexed thereto, and
the oath or affirmation of such person, or of the presi-
dent or cashier of such bank, association, corpora-
tion, or company, in such form and manner as may
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, that the same contains a true and faithful
statement of the amounts subject to tax as aforesaid,
and shall transmit the duplicate of said return to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and within
twenty days thereafter shall pay to the said Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue the taxes by law pro-
scribed upon the said amounts of circulation, of
deposits of capital, and of notes of State banks and
banking associations paid out ai aforesaid; and for
any refusal or neglect to make or to render such re-
turn and payment as aforesaid, any such bank, asso-
ciation, corporation, company, or person so in default,
shall be subject to and pay a penalty of S200, besides
the additional penalty and forfeitures m other cases
provided by law; and the amount of circulation,
deposit, capital, and notes of State banks and bank-
ing associations, as aforesaid, in default of the proper
return, shall be estimated by the a-ssessor or assistant
assessor of the district as aforesaid, upon the best
information he can obtain; and every such penalty,
together with the taxes, may be recovered for the use
ot the United States in any court of competent juris-
diction. And in the ease of banks with branches, the
tax herein provided for shall be imposed upon the
circulation of each branch, severally, and the amount
of capital of each branch shall be considered to be
the amount allotted to such branch: and so much of
an act entitled " An act to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government, "'approved March
3, 18G3, as imposes any tax on banks, their circula-
tion, capital, or deposits, other than is herein pro-
vided, is hereby repealed: Provided, That this section
shall not apply to associations which are taxed under
and by virtue of the act " to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof." And tho deposits in associations or com-
panies known as provident institutions or savings
banks, having no capital stock and doing no otner
business than receiving deposits to be loaned or in-
vested for the sole benefit of tho parties making sueh
deposits, without profit or compensation to the asso-
ciation or company, shall be exempt from tax or
duty on so much of their deposits as they have in-
vested in securitiesof the United States, and on all
deposits less than SoOO made in the name of any one
person: And provided further, That any bank ceas-
ing to issue notes for circulation, and which shall
deposit in the Treasury of the United States, in law-
ful money, the amount of its outstanding circulation,
to be redeemed at par, under such regulations as tho
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, shall be
exempt from any tax upon such circulation.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the commit-
tee that I do not expect that we shall be able
to get through with this paragraph to-night.
But I desire to offer some amendments which I
think will not be objected to by any one, and
then I will move that the committee rise. I
move to amend the paragraph near the begin-
ning by inserting the word "average" before
the words " amount invested in United States
bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOR.RILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing the word-s !' paid out'' after tho words '1 and
the amount of circulation, deposit, capital, and
notes of State banks and banking associations,''
near the middle of the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. And in the same sentence
I move to amend by striking out the words
"together with the taxes," before the words
"may be recovered for the use «f the United
States in any court of competent jurisdiction."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend still
further by inserting at the close of the first
proviso the following:
But thcreturns required to be made by such prov-
ident institutions and savings banks after July, 1866,
shall be made on the first Monday in January and
the first Monday in July in each year, in such form
aud manner as may bo prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIIAY^EIt. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] that
another amendment should be made, so as to
make the proviso read, " associations or com-
panies known as provident institutions, savings
banks, savings funds, or savings institutions."
These associations are known by that name
among us. Of course it will make no differ-
ence in the operation of this act.
Mr. MORRTLL. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that tho com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513. to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June SO, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DATIS. (at five
minutes to ten o'clock p. in.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions. etc.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees :
By Mr. COBB: The memorial of M.. Bolles, and
others, for an increase of import duties on metallic
zinc.
By Mr. CFLLOM: A petition signed by numerous
citizens of Sangamon county, Illinois, in favor of
protection of American wool.
Also, another petition from citizens of same county,
calling upon Congress to impose a tax of two dollars
upon dogs.
Bv Mr. KICE, of Maine: The petitions of E. T.
Bradbury, and others, and J. "VV. Wood, and others,
of Dexter, Maine, asking for amendment of tarin
laws so that American laborers m manufacturing
establishments shall be protected to the extent ot
the diilVreiiee of the cost of capital and labor here
and abroad, with tho addition of the taxes paid^by
American industrial products from which the foreign
are free."
