THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
f&etarers will sell less and the Treasury will receive
|ess. Raisethetarifforlesson theinternal tax. There
isno necessity of paying the national debt to-day, and
it is hardly worth while to break down the industrial
energies oi the country to pay a debt which is not
pressing for payment. Suppose we should be a hun-
dred years in paying the debt, where is the harm i A
national debt is a curse, and yet at the same time 13 a
blessing. It keei>s the Treasury in a more healthy
state and prevents speculation.
"On some machinery that we make we pay five
taxes, and then pay a tax of six per cent, on the ma-
chinery when we sell it."
Five taxes are paid to the Government in cash
before the article that rhis gentleman produces
is sold to the consumer 
The PEESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired. There was strictly no
unfinished business yesterday, but the Chair is
advised that, although the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 51) to amend the Constitution of the
United States was not made a special order for
this hour, yet it was generally understood that
it should be considered at this hour, and upon
that the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lake] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will allow us to dispose of this subject.
I do not like to encroach upon the time during
whicli he expected to address the Senate ; yet
I wish to remind him, and to remind the Senate,
that this bill is one of importance, and if it can
be disposed of in a very short time I should be
glad to have it disposed of.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I should like very
much to extend the time for the investigation
of the present subject before the Senate, but I
see that it will lead to debate. The Senator
from Rhode Island is in the midst of a speech
in opposition to the bill, and I propose, there-
fore, to avail myself of the kindness and par-
tiality so generously accorded to ine last night
by the Senate, and proceed to address them, if
such be the will of the Senate.
APPORTIONMENT Oi? REPRESENTATION'.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. II. No, 51) proposing to amend the
Constitution of the United States, the pending
question being 011 the amendment of Mr. Hex-
DEUSOtf to the amendment proposed by Mr.
Sumner,
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, I
need not assure you that I approach the inves-
tigation of the grave subjects now before the
Senate withconstraintandembarrassment. No
graver subjects have ever been submitted for
your deliberation. I have not been able to make
that thorough preparation which the impor-
tance of the subject demands, and which my
profound respect for this high body under other
circumstances would have prompted. _ 1 shall
not be able to rise to the height of this great
argument, yet I hope I feel and appreciate, its
dignity and importance. We approach the Con-
stitution of the United States upon a proposed
amendment, and 1 feel the full force of the in-
junction of the Hebrew prophet, "Take the
sandals from off thy feet, for the ground on
which thou treadest is holy ground." I hope
that on this occasion I shall be enabled to
merge the partisan in the patriot. This Cham-
ber is 110 fit arena for political gladiatorship.
The great questions to which we now address
ourselves invoke our most calm and careful
consideration and deliberation. An Athenian
orator was wont to invoke the heathen gods,
before ho addressed the people of Athens, to
enable liim to say nothing but what the people
of Athens desired to hear. My most humble
and fervent prayer upon this occasion is to the
Christian's God that I may say nothing which
shall be unbecoming in a Senator of the United
States to speak to his fellow-Senators and to
the people of {he United States.
What, then, are the grave considerations to
which our attention is invited? I shall speak,
in its order, of the present proposed constitu-
tional amendment and of each of the pending
modifications and amendments now before the
body as a series of measures which form the con-
gressional plan of restoration and reconstruc-
tion. But before I approach that subject it
will be proper to look at the present condition
of the States lately in rebellion. What is their
condition ? A portion of the people of the
country and a portion of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States take the ground that the States lately
in rebellion are still States in the Union, ex-
isting and subsisting States, and entitled to all
their rights and privileges under the Constitu-
tion of the United States. To Senators enter-
taining this opinion, I mean to address no argu-
ment. If they are at present existing States,
the terms "restoration," "reconstruction,"
"rehabilitation," and "admission to repre-
sentation," are idle and unmeaning words. If
I understand the position of those who advocate
this doctrine, it is this: .that no action upon the
part of the President and no action upon the
part of Congress is necessary to restore these
States to their natural and constitutional rela-
tion to the United States. How does thatposi-
tion agree with the present historic position of
affairs in the country? For four years these
rebel States have sought to overthrow and sub-
vert the Government of the United States. They
have been unable to accomplish that object.
The Government of the United States has tri-
umphed over them in the assertion of its unity
and nationality and the supremacy of its laws.
We have been at war for four years. The war
has temporarily ceased; at least, there is no
conflict of arms ; and the question now is, who
have triumphed, the Government of the United
States or the rebels in arms ? If you establish
the proposition that the people of the United
States have triumphed, they, exercising the
rights of war over a conquered population, have
a right to dictate and fix the terms of rcslo-
ration, and establish the relations which should
exist hereafter between these rebel States, so-
called,and the Governmentof (he United States.
It seems to me that counsel has been dark-
ened on this subject in the statement of the
question. A portion of the people and of the
Senate believe that these States are yet in the
Union ; another portion believe that they are
yet out of the Union ; and the difficulty of deal-
ing with that question is that both are right and
both are wrong. Territorially these States are
in the Union ; the communities in these rebel
States are in the Union; their citizens are cit-
izens of these United States. Our national
boundaries are fixed by treaties with Great
Britain, Spain, France, aud Mexico, and all
the territory comprised within these bounda-
ries belongs to the United Slates ; every citi-
zen is a citizen of the United States. But the
practical question is, whetherthosceitizensare
now, at this time, in such a relation to the
Government of the United States as to bo en-
titled to participate in the legislation of the
Republic. I take the ground that although,
territorially, they are in the Union, although
the Government by rebellion has lost no single
2>ower that it ever had to enforce the laws, to
compel obedience, to appoint postmasters,
judges, and marshals, to collect the revenue,
and to carry on ail the machinery of the Gen-
eral Government, these rebel States have ab-
dicated and forfeited every right : they are no
longer to be recognized as a governing power
under the Constitution of the United States.
But we are told that the action of the exec-
utive department lias from the beginning rec-
ognized them as States, aud that Congress has
by various acts recognized their existence as
States. I shall now proceed to show how Pres-
ident Lincoln and President Johnson have
regarded these rebel States. But before pro-
ceeding to that question, let me say a word on
another point. We are asked now to recognize
as existing State governments the present or-
ganizations in the rebel States. If we can rec-
ognize any State organizations there at all, it
must be under one of three constitutions. For
instance, the constitution of the State of North
Carolina prior to 1861, the beginning of the re-
bellion, required the election of a Governor, the
election of State officers, and fixed the qualifi-
cation of voters. The people of North Carolina
in their sovereign capacity met and overthrew,
annihilated aud subverted, the constitution ex-
isting prior to 1861, and ordained another con-
stitution for the State of North Carolina. Then
we cannot recognize the constitution existing
prior to 1861. Can we recognize the constitu-
tion formed by the rebel authorities in 1861?
Clearly not. They repudiated the authority of
the United States, and formed their institutions
in accordance with the constitution of the rebel
confederacy; and that act was null and void.
We cannot, therefore, recognize the State of
North Carolina as existing under the constitu-
tion prior to 1861, or under the rebel constitu-
tion that subverted it. Then the simple ques-
tion comes back, can we recognize the preseut
constitution of North Carolina as republican in
form and as a voluntary emanation from the peo-
ple of North Carolina, who alone have a right to
form their constitution? If_the present State
organization, under their existing constitution,
cannot be recognized, then clearly no constitu-
tion exists in the State of North Carolina mak-
ing that people a State under the Government
of the United States.
What steps have heretofore been taken by
the United States for the purpose of restoring
these States to their constitutional relations to
the General Government? Mr. Lincoln, in
1863, issued his proclamation f^ir the organiza-
tion of the States of Louisiana and Arkansas,
stating that where loyal citizens to the number
of one tenth of the loyal voters of the States,
who had taken the amnesty oath presciibed by
him, should get together and form a State gov-
ernment, so far as the Executive was concerned
he should recognize such organizations as the
States of Louisiana and Arkansas. You will
recollect that under that proclamation of the
President State constitutions were formed and
State organizations perfected in Louisiana and
Arkansas. You will recollect the further fact
that when their members applied for admission
hero the Congress of the United States refused
such admission, refused to indorse that policy
of the President of the United States seeking a
restoration of these States to the Union. So
the question was left when the present Chief
Magistrate of the United States became Presi-
dent. He, by his proclamation, issued first, I
believe, in the case of North Carolina, directed
that provisional governments should be insti-
tuted in these rebel States. In order to deter-
mine the validity of that organization in North
Carolina we must look necessarily at the au-
thority of the President for its inauguration.
The President, in his proclamation, bases his
authority to issue that proclamation upon two
clauses of the Constitution of the United States.
The first clause is that which declares that the
President shall be Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States. Pie,
under that provision, doubtless, in a time of
war. had a right to appoint a governor for each
of the different departments in the rebel States ;
he had a right to appoint a military officer there
to command: or. if he chose, ! doubt not lie
had the authority to appoint a provisional gov-
ernor; but it was all under the military power;
all under the provision of the Constitution mak-
ing him Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy. How long does that military power ex-
ist,?" Clearly, during the existence of the war.
With the termination of the war the power
ceases.
Upon the subject of the President's plan of
restoration I have only this to say: that upon
the death of Mr. Lincoln, and the suppression
of the rebellion, he found these rebel States
without the benefit of ei\il law, in a state of
anarchy and confusion. The confederacy having
been overthrown and no constitutional author-
ity having taken its place, it was temporarily
his duty to preserve the peace and protect the
Union men in those States: and I have 110 fault
to find with the manner in which he has sought
to execute this high duty. But the very fact
that he has appointed a provisional governor
for one or all of the rebel States is sufficient for
my argument. It shows that the President him-
self regarded the civil authority in those States
as having been utterly overthrown, abdicated,
and annihilated ; and although T regret to differ
