1800;
THE €ONGRESSI0N:AL. GLOBE,
April $,
My Lord Coke ased to say that fraud lurketh
in. generalities. Look through that message,
and in not a single place-can he put his finger
upon anything that looks like a violation of the
Constitution of the United States. There is
nothing in the bill that looked.sis, if it had for
its object anything except the means of afford-
ing some little relief to these poor people, these
friends of ours, whom we are under the highest
obligations that can devolve upon mortal man
to see defended against their mortal enemies.
How has the President redeemed his pledges?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. "Will the Senator
permit iae to ask him a question ?
Mr. WADS. Certainly; ask me any ques-
tion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator yes-
terday used this language:
"The issue the President has made with Congress,
the quarrel he has picked with Congress from the
very commencement, is nothing more or less than on
the question of recognizing ana permitting rebels to
occupy their.old places on this_floor, for the utter
destruction of the Government in my judgment and
belief.".
I ask the Senator from Ohio to point to a
single expression, either oral or. ^vritteii, in
which the President of the United States has.
advised, advocated, oj; urged thq admission of
other .than truly loyal men upon, the1 floor of
either branch of Congress.
Mr.: WADE. Is the Senator through ?
itr. LAKfE;, of IjLansap. I ask that ques-
tipn(jsir<
WADE. I was answering the question
in the fast place with regard to his treatment
of our friends in the South, three million jieo-
ple, I say he mado a violent assault upon the
Constitution and an assault upon the power of
Congress in these repeated vetoes that are to-
tally destitute of any reason, that he can assign
far them. He did. say early, I admit, in the
language, I believe that the Senator hassetforth
in the proposition he has just submitted, thai
he would be favorable to some terms with these
people, that they should have votes if they
were able to read and write, if they came up to
certain qualifications. We all believed that he
was willing to do justice by these people ; but
the moment that we undertake to do anything to
secure their rights, we are met by his stern hos-
tility, denying them everythhig, denying their
citizegehip, denying their, right to have citizen-
ship extended to them, vetoing our bills because
they endeavor to solve the doubt whether
they are citizens or not, determined that now,
henceforth^ and forever, there shall be an infe-
rior class of people, trampled tinder foot, with-
out the right of citizenship, and without the
power of Congress to make them citizens. That
is the way that this Egyptian relief is extended
to these men that he pretended he was friendly
to. Yesterday what was the issue? I was
charged with great cruelty on this floor, because
I was unwilling to wait for recruits to be brought
in here for the purpose of overthrowing the
g-round we had taken upon this important ques-
tion whether these poor j>eople shall have relief
or not. Now, I wish to say that I am willing to
extend courtesy to our old associates on this
floor under other circumstances; but, when you
extend this kind of courtesy to them the result
is death and destruction to three million peo-
ple trampled under the feet of their former
masters. My courtesy is extended to those poor
men, and 1 would not wait a moment that their
enemies may be brought in here in order to
prevent our doing anything for their relief,
joining with the President who is determined-,
if we may judge by his acts, that no measure
•having for its object any relief shall be extended
to them.
Look at your frivolous second veto message,
and tell me it is good faith, will you? Did you
hear the facts stated here the other day, that
bills were drawn with a view to escape the
anathemas of your President, and were exhib-
ited to him, and he asked if he had any objec-
tion to them, to look them over well, '' beeause
if we can, consistent with the object aimed at,
make' them-clear of any objection you may
have, we will do it?'' -The- seeret motive in
his own heart-was never divulged to mortal man
until-the measures were passed through Con-
gress, and then sternly met by his veto. Is
that good faith? And you talk about .his re-
spectability toward Congress! What did he
say to that secession rabble that met him on
the 22d of February ? Had we commenced any
assault upon him? Had any man uttered a
word disrespectful of the President when he
belched forth those anathemas against the
majorities of Congress?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Had not the Sen-
ator- from Massachusetts denounced him as
having sent into this Senate '' a white-washing
message?" Had not the leader of the House
of Representatives declared that if he had
lived in early times in England he would have
been hanged as a traitor, before that speech
was made?
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator look upon
that as a justification for an attack upon. the
power of the people as expressed through a
majority of their Congress,- amounting to two
thirds of it? Suppose I, in intemperate lan-
guage, as you say, had assailed the President
unwarrantably-, would that authorize him to visit
upon your head and the heads of other Senators
the stigma of being disunionists, leagued- with
the enemy to break up this Union? Is that
friendly counsel from your Executive? You
say you are going to defend all his measures;
you are his apologist for anything he has done,
or anything he may do, I did say, sir, that he
seemed to have meditated a controversy with
Congress from the beginning, and he has, -He-
has treated our majorities as hostile to the
people; two thirds ol'both branches of Congress
have been treated by him as mere factionists,
disunionists, enemies to the country bent upon
its destruction, leaguing with the enemy to
destroy the Government. This is the way the
President has treated Congress, and every bill
they have passed which promised any relief to
the men whom we are bound to protect has
been trampled under the executive heel; and
even when members of this body did what I say
.they ought not to have done—for I do not
approve of my brother Trumbull's going up to
the President, when he has a measure pending
here as a Senator, to ask the President, in the
first place, whether he will approve of it or not;
even when he was asked if he objected to this
measure, andmadeno objection, hestillunder-
takes to veto it. Your President, in order*to
trample down Congress, if he could, and to
destroy and override the Tights of the States,
lias reached his executive arm into States in
order to carry elections in his favor, and sent
his myrmidons there to proclaim his will and
his wishes and to argue the question pending
before the States of this Union, he professing
to be a State-rights man! There is a point I
want you, sir, to defend him upon.
- If you say our side went to him to get his
opinion to carry into Connecticut, I say that
they ought not to have done it if they attempted
it. It was stooping from that dignity which
ever should characterize Congress and the
pride and intelligence of a State, to make any
attempt to^ carry a State by executive influ-
ence or dictation. Nay, sir, if newspaper
reports may be relied upon — I do not know
that they can be—he has done worse than
that; he has been tampering with members
of legislative bodies in order to extend his
influence there and to bring over men to sus-
tain his side of this question there.
This is all fair play, is it? When I say that
he is endeavoring to override and slander and
libel members of Congress and even two thirds
of both Houses, and because I denounce that
on the floor of this Senate, am I to be arraigned
by an apologist of the President, by one who
proclaims himself to be his defender, and who
is commissioned, for aught I know, to defend
him here and elsewhere?
I spoke yesterday of the President's usur-
pation, and I ask again what business, what
constitutional right has the President of the
United States to reach bis executive arm into
any. State, seceded or not seceded, to aet.up
civil government there? If any lawyer .of this
body can find any warrant for such an "a?t- in.
the Constitution, I will take back all that I
have said.about it. But, sir, you cannot find
it there. The President is a mere executive
officer, bound to obey our mandates and our
behests in this particular, having no right to
have any will of his own upon the subject. If
during the vacation, of Congress he thought it
was expedient and urgently necessary that these
States should be brought back into the Union,
he should have convened the national Legisla-
ture to take that question into consideration.
He had no power on God's earth, no scintilla,
no color of authority for undertaking to reor-
ganize them and bring them here for admission.
What did he do? He let the whole long
vacation run over without making any effort to
convene Congress or in any way insinuating
that he wanted the counsel of Congress on the
subject; but behind their backs and in their
absence we find him dictating to the States, for
he calls them States, and he says they are in
the Union and have never been out of the Union.
If they have not been out of the Union as he
alleges, then he is the most bold usurper who
ever undertook to accumulate unwarranted
power in his own hands. What right has he
to go into any State of this Union and displace
the Governor that has been elected1 there?
What right has he to put by and override the
Legislature of any State of this'Union? He
has done it. There is not a State now south of
us, except Tennessee, that is not a mere creat- .
ure of executive power. The people there
never moved to regain their relations with
the General Government except as they were
moved by the executive arm. They have sent us
no petitions, they have had no meetings to con-
sider the subject among themselves; but your
Executive Chief, holding these States under
the military power of the Government, they
being under martial law, and the habeas corpus
being overridden, the military breath being
there the law of the land, commanded them
to form constitutions; and they were not even
accorded the poor, miserable privilege of mak-
ing them according to their own will, but tinder
the bayonets of the conqueror they were ordered
to make their constitutions, and he sent his
orders to them telling them what provisions
they must make in those constitutions. Do
you deny that? Has he not told them over and
over again, ifyou-makeyour constitutions with-
out such and sueh provisions you will not be
admitted in Congress? Is that according to
American principles? Bad as these men are,
secessionists as I know them to be mostly, I
say you cannot make an American republican
State out of that material, and in that way.
Until these people can agree to assemble them-
selves together and make such constitutions as
will accord to that of the United States and ask
to resume their relations with the General Gov-
ernmentundersuch constitutions, they can have
none. If the President- has found fault with
Congress because they did not, at his breath,
when they first assembled, admit these States
into the Union and allow their members back
into Congress, and if we are to be constantly
anathematized by him for not doing it, it is
because he intends to have them come in here
resuming their old places. What has he done
to discriminate? I ask the Senator to tell me.
ThePRESIDENTprofempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I'do not intend to go on very
long, but if the Senate are anxious to go on
with anything else I will suspend my remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to suggest
that we go on with the business regularly be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I am willing that you should.
I believe I have said enough on this occasion.
I say these usurpations are unwarrantable. The
President has censured Congress from the be-
ginning, although at the very first moment that
we had time to deliberate on the subject after
Congress convened, we raised a.great committee
