186©.
THE CQN(3:RESSI0FAI./.€®a£E;r
for the purpose of taking it into consideration,
and while we were doing it he was censuring
us as having created an irresponsible central
despotism here. Did the man believe it? De-
fend him if you can. Did the President of the
United States believe the charge when he ac-
cused Congress with deliberately getting up an
irresponsible central despotism to tyrannize
over this Government? If he did not believe
it, where does itplace him? Judge ye, and
defend him if you can. He said it was an irre-
sponsible central despotism—" directory" was
the word—an irresponsible central directory,
dangerous to the liberties of the people ; and
what was it? A mere committee of Congress,
the commonest thing in the world, an instru-
ment made use of by Congress to ascertain the
very facts that the President ought to have
wanted to know as much as we did if he wanted
, theseStatesproperlyreconstructed. Whatlight
had ho on the subject? Barely nothing. But
had we had the light he pretended to have, such
as it was? Even now lie dare not say in his
proclamation of peace that these people are
ready to resume their relations with the Gov-
ernment. If they have not done what is neces-
sary, he prophesies that they will do it. He
knows nothing about it, or if he does know
about it, he knows that that flood of testimony
brought from this great committee has enlight-
ened everybody else upon the facts, and that
there is no one of these .States that is ready to
resume her relations with the Government, or
can do so, because they arc yet hostile to the
Government. He complained of us for not
letting in those governments while lie stood over
them with the bayonet and dared not withdraw
his troops ; when martial law pervaded every
inch of their territory. We were blamed for not
letting in here a subdued and hostile people
that were kept under the ban of executive dic-
tation upon the principles that he, the Com-
mander-in-Chief, should dictate. That is what
we were censured for. What else was there
in it?
I am reminded by, a Senator near me that
his organs are threatening us day by day with
the bayonet. We are to be driven out ot' here.
Isee it every where. Mr. Voorhees, oflndiana—
and you know what a loyal man he is—a man,
I believe, who it came out on a judicial in-
vestigation in that State was the keepei of the
records of the Knights of the Golden Circle,
who had formed themselves into a hostile com-
munity, and had joined the rebels to overthrow
the northern States 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt, him ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I say that tlie charge
which he now makes against Mr. Voorhees is
not sustained by any record, and I give it now
a square denial.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will again state that it is the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the message of the President return-
ing to the Senate the bill of the Senate No.
61, and the question is, Shall the bill pass, the
objections of the President notwithstanding?
In the absence of any motion to postpone that,
it is the duty of the Chair to bring it before the
Senate.
Mr. WADE. I am nearly through.
Several Senators. You can go on on that
question. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had bettor
proceed with the order of the day.
Mr. WADE. My friends think I had better
discontinue my remarks. I have but little
more to say, but perhaps I can say it at any
other time just as well. Let the bill be taken up.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOL'SE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
he hill (S. No. 115) for the relief of Jane W.
Nethaway.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (S.
No. 181) for the relief of Emms. J. Hall,, with
an amendment, in which it requested the con-,
currence of the Senate.
NATAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to some
and disagreed to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 122) making appro-'
priations for the naval service fo? the year end-
ing 30th Juno, 1867, and had agreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill with
amendments, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on ,the said
bill, and had appointed Mr. N. P. Banks, of
Massachusetts, Mr. John F. Faknswortii, of
Illinois, and Mr. Charles E. Phelps, of Mary-
land, managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which were
thereupon signed by the Presideutpro tempore:
A bill (II. R. No. 80) making additional
appropriations, and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1806, and for other purposes ;
A bill (II. R. No. 215) for the benefitof John
W. Campbell; and
A bill (II. R. No. 420) to provide arms apd
ammunition for the defense of the inhabitants
of Dakota Territory.
APPROVAL OF BILLS. •
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had
approved and signed, on the 5th instant, the
following acts and joint resolution :
An act (S. No. 107) to provide for a term of
the district court for the district of Minnesota
to bo held at the city of Winona, in said district;
An act (S. No. 105) more effectually to
provide for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States;
An act (S. No. 210) to provide for the trans-
fer of the custody of the library of the Smith-
sonian Institution to the Library of Congr<?ss;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) for the res-
toration of Commanders William Reynolds and
Mclancton B. Woolsey, United States Navy, to
the active list from the reserved list.
And that on the 0th instant the President had
approved and signed an act (S. No. 94) to amend
the act entitled "An act for the relief of sea-
men, and others, borne on the books of vessels
wrecked or lost in the naval service," approved
July 4, "1864, and for other purposes.
CIVIL JUG IITS HILL VETO MiiSSAUE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 01) to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights, and to furnish the
means of their vindication, is now before the
Senate; and the question is, Shall the bill pass,
the objections of the President of the United
States to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. WADE. I was nearly through the
remarks I proposed to make on this sudden
outbreak. As the President, without any cause
on earth, lias censured Congress and accused
them of having erected a despotism here, though
it was nothing more than an ordinary commit-
tee for the purpose of taking testimony to
enlighten us uponthe subject of legislation that
We must enter upon of the most important char-
acter, let me refer to his own conduct to show
the quo animo more perfectly. We had, it
seems, besought him to lay before Congress
that evidence which he himself had, and nobody
else had ; and how did he meet it? 1 believe—.
and let gentlemen of the committee correct me
if I am wrong—it was more than two months,
and after three several applications to liim,
before we could extort from him the very evi-
dence without which Congress could not stir
hand or foot on this subject. Ho had the con-
stitutions that he had dictated ; Congress had
never seen one of them. He had other muni-
ments of their titles to be States, if States they
are ;&ad:while he-stood;before the babble thefej'i
accusing Congress of being despotic a d!iti:;
temptingto osr«rthrow the Government,he.Was
withholding the very svidenee without which  
Congress, could neither- stir hand hot:,foots".
Was that candid? What have you to say to !
that? Other Senators-have boen-much> more *
fortunate than I haive if-they-hsve beea -able-'
as yet to, see: onB .single constitution-of these"
reconstructed States that we twe told are all iris ~
order to-day. Wln\tave they? Apologists of
the President, condescend to tell ns what are -
the constitutions of these reconstructed States
of yours. I saw from the papers that divers
orders went down to theic conventions requir-
ing them to do this and the other on peril that
they would not be admitted here; but where -
is the authentic evidence of how they carae
out of it, and what they did do, and what they -
are? The President says they are reconstructed :
States, with all the rights, powers, and iinmu-.
nities of States, and with a right to claim all
the rightful relations of all the unseceded States..
How does he know it? How do we know it?..
When a State is to be admitted into this Union; .-
everybody knows the first thing is for that State)''
after it has been permitted to come in liere.bjj.;
Congresa,. to- furnish us witk the constitution -•
that the people,themselves, unbiased by exec«-i
utive dictation, ha.vo adopted- as the will of tha.f
people, that we« may see whether it is repub- ,
lican, whether it squares- with the Gonstitn-.^
lion of the United States, and::whether it is
proper for us to admit them hese. • Congress
passes judgment upon, it. It is not tke-Presi- -
dent that admits States ; it is the United States.
The United States, says the Constitution of the
United States in thundering tones, shall judge
of these forms of government ; not the Presi-
dent of the United States. It is Congress, the
true representative of the sovereignty of this
great nation, and it rests and abides nowhere
else. The doctrine that yields everything to
the Executive and nothing to Congress is the
most slavish doctrine that was-ever propagated
in a Government,pretending to be free. 5fou
cannot tell us to-day what the constitutions of
these reconstructed States are; but you do know:
that tlicy were not got up by a people free to
aet precisely as they wanted to act. They were
under martial law, as I said before, under exec
utivo dictation, under the bayonet, and under
the orders of your Executive Chief, promulged
to his subordinate officers to carry into effect.
Do you say that an American constitution.can-
be built upon such a foundation as that? " - *
Mr. President, it was these things that I'
branded as usurpations. It was for these things
that I dcclarcd that the President of the United
States was endeavoring to overthrow the con-
stitutional powers of Congress and to erect a
despotism upon its ruins; for the moment it
shall be admitted in the Congress of the United
States that these immense powers belong to the
executive arm of the Government, instead of
to us, you have a despotism and nothing but
a despotism ; we have not e.ven the power of
tholegislativebodythatmeetsin France. These
States have destroyed their'connection with this
Government "by a four years' war to overturn
it; they have disorganized their own State con-
stitutions, have annulled them all, trampled-
them under foot, have got, up new constitutions
hostile to this Government, under new chiefs,
new relationships, and entirely destroyed their
connection with the Union; and then when you
put them down at the point of the bayonet, where
do they stand? Certainly not on their old con-
stitutions, because if they did how could Pres-
ident Johnson attempt to declare who might
be voters and who might attempt to exercise
the elective franchise there? I say if these
States are all standing as they were originally,
how came it that he even wanted to prescribe
who should be voters' and who should not?
Answer that for him, sir. Tell me why he
denies the power to these States, if they are
States of the Union, to prescribe the conditions
upon which men shall exercise the elective fran-
chise or by what right did he dictate to them
on that subject? Were they States? Did he
