322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
sibility on account of losses by capture or oth-
erwise, while in the line of his duty, of Gov-
ernment funds, vouchers, records, and papers
in his charge, and for which such officer was
and is held responsible: Provided, That an
appeal may be taken to the Supreme Court, as in
other cases.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That when-
ever said court shall have ascertained the facts
of any such loss to have been without fault or
neglect on the part of any such officer, it shall
make a decree, setting forth the amount thereof,
upon which the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury shall allow to such officer the
amount so decreed as a creditin the settlement
of his accounts.
Approved, May 9, 18G6.
Chap. LXXVT.—An Act enlarging the Powers
of the Levy Court of the County of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the levy court of the
county of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, is hereby empowered to declare and locate
as public highways such roads known and used
as military roads in said District during the re-
bellion as said court may deem advisable: Pro-
vided, That the damages which the owners of
the land over which said roads pass shall sus-
tain by reason of said roads being declared pub-
lic highways, shall be assessed as provided for
in section three of the act of Congress approved
July first, eighteen hundred and twelve, entitled
"An act conferring certain powers on the levy
court for the county of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Approved, May 9, 1866.
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act to incorporate the
National Theological Institute.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Abram D. Gillette,
Edgar II. Gray, Edmund Turney, Zalman Rich-
ards, Robert J. Powell, William T. Johnson,
Henry lieard, Charles H. Morse, Joseph C.
Lewis, John S. Poler, David Rees, D. W. An-
derson, Daniel C. Eddy, Leonard A. Grimes,
Justice D. Fulton, William R. Williams, Isaac
Wcxteott, Howard Malcolm, Joseph H. ICen-
nard, Newton Brown, T. Dwight Miller, and
all persons who shall or may be associated with
thorn, and their successors, are hereby created
and declared a body corporate and politic, in
deed and in law, by the name of '' The National
Theological Institute," and by that name shall
have succession and be capable in law to sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer
and be answered, defend and be defended, in
all courts of law and equity and elsewhere; to
make and use a common seal, and the same to
alter or renew at pleasure; and generally to do
and perform all things relative to the object of
this corporation which is now and shall be law-
ful for any individual or body politic or cor-
porate to do.
Sec. i.'. And be it further enacted, That the
object and purpose of this corporation shall be
for the education of persons tor the Christian
ministry, and those associated with them as
assistants, in such course of theological and
general studies as may be deemed proper for
that purpose; and for that purpose is hereby au-
thorized to elect or appoint such officers as may
be deemed necessary or proper for the control
of its affairs; to adopt such regulations and by-
laws for its government as may be deemed ne-
cessary, not inconsistent with the laws of the
United States in force in the District of Colum-
bia. and to amend or repeal them at pleasure;
to receive and hold any lands, tenements, an-
nuities. moneys, goods, ehattels, or other prop-
erty of every kind or nature, which shall be
given, granted, or bequeathed to it, or be other-
wise acquired, for the purpose of carrying out
the object of this corporation, not exceeding
fifty thousand dollars in real estate at any one
time; and the same to sell or dispose of in such
manner as may be desired for the purpose afore-
said: Provided, That any property so acquired,
or the proceeds thereof, or any money received
as a gift, shall not be used for any other than
such educational purposes: Andprovided, also,
That no person shall be excluded from the ad-
vantages of education afforded by the institute
on account of theological belief.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this
act may at any time be altered, amended, or
repealed.
Approved, May 10, 1866.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act relating to Habeas Corpus,
and regulating judicial Proceedings in cer-
tain Cases," approved March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any search, seizure,
arrest, or imprisonment made, or any acts done
or omitted to be done during the said rebellion,
by any officer or person, under and by virtue
of anjj order, written or verbal, general or spe;
cial, issued by the President or Secretary of
War, or by any military officer of the United
States holding the command of the department,
district, or place within which such seizure,
search, arrest, or imprisonment was made, done,
or committed, or any acts were so done or
omitted to be done, either by the person or
officer to whom the order was addressed, or for
whom it was intended, or by any other person
aiding or assisting him therein, shall be held,
and are hereby declared, to come within the
purview of the act to which this is amendatory,
and within the purview of the fourth, fifth, and
sixth sections of the said act of March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for all the
purposes of defense, transfer, appeal, error, or
limitation provided therein. But no such order
shall, by force of this act, or the act to which
this is an amendment, be a defense to any suit
or action for any act done or omitted to be done
after the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it f urther enacted, That when
the said order is in writing, it shall bo sufficient
to produce in evidence the original, with proof
of its authenticity, or a certified copy of the
same; or if sent by telegraph, the production
of the telegram purporting to emanate from
such military officer shall be prim,a facie evi-
dence of its authenticity; or if the original of
such order or telegram is lost or cannot be
produced, secondary evidence thereof shall
be admissible, as in other cases.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
right of removal from the State court into the
circuit court of the United States, provided in
the fifth section of the act to which this is
amendatory, may be exercised after the ap-
pearance of the defendant and the filing of his
plea or other defense in said court, or at any
term of said court subsequent to the term when
the appearance is entered, and before a jury is
impaneled to try the same; but nothing herein
contained shall be held to abridge the right of
such removal after final judgment in the State
court, nor shall it be necessary iu the State
court to offer or give surety for the filing of
copies in the circuit court of the United States;
but, on the filing of the petition, verified as
provided in said fifth section, the further pro-
ceedings in the State court shall ccase, and not
be resumed until a certificate under the seal
of the circuit court of the United States, stat-
ing that the petitioner has failed to file copies
in the said circuit court, at the next term, is
produced.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
the State court shall, notwithstanding the per-
formance of all things required for the removal
of the case to the circuit court aforesaid, pro-
ceed further in said cause or prosecution before
said certificate is produced, then, in that case,
all such further proceedings shall be void and
of none effect; and all parties, judges, offi-
cers, and other persons, thenceforth proceed-
ing thereunder, or by color thereof, shall be
liableindamagesthereforto theparty aggrieved,
to be recovered by action in a court of the State
having proper jurisdiction, or in a circuit court
of the United States for the district in which
such further proceedings may have been had,
or where the party, officer, or other person, so
offending, shall be found; and upon a recovery
of damages in either court, the party plaintiff
shall be entitled to double costs.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the clerk of the State court
to furnish copies of the papers and files in the
case to the party so petitioning for the removal;
and upon the refusal or neglect of the clerk to
furnish such copies, the said party may docket
the case in the circuit court of the United States;
and thereupon said circuit court shall have juris-
diction therein, and may, upon proof of such
refusal or neglect of the clerk of the State court,
and upon reasonable notice being given to the
plaintiff, require him to file a declaration or
petition therein ; and upon his default may
order a non-suit, and dismiss the case at the
costs of the plaintiff, which dismissal shall be
a bar to any further suit touching the matter
in controversy.
Approved, May 11, 1866.
Chap. LXXXI.—An Act to authorize the Coin-
age of Five-Cent Pieces.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, so soon as practica-
ble after the passage of this act, there shall
be coined at the Mint of the United States a
five-cent piece composed of copper and nickel,
in such proportions, not exceeding twenty-five
per centum of nickel, as shall be determined
by the Director of the Mint, the standard weight
of which shall be seventy-seven and sixteen
hundredths grains, with no greater deviation
than two grains to each piece ; and (he shape,
mottoes, and devices of said coin shall be de-
termined by the Director of the Mint, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury ; and
the laws now in force relating to the coinage
of cents, and providing for the purchase of
material, and prescribing the appropriate du-
ties of the officers of the Mint and the Secretary
of the Treasury, be, and the same are hereby,
extended to the coinage herein provided for.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
laws now in force relating_ to the coins of the
United States, and the striking and coining of
the same, shall, so far as applicable, be ex-
tended to the coinage herein authorized, whether
said laws are penal or otherwise, for the secu-
rity of the coin, regulating and guarding the
process of striking and coining, for preventing
debasement or counterfeiting, or for any other
purpose. And the Director of the Mint shall
prescribe suitable regulations to insure a due
conformity to the required weights and propor-
tions of alloy in the said coin, and shall order
trials thereof to be made from time to time by
the assayer of the Mint, whereof a report shall
be made in writing to the Director.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
coin shall be a legal tender in any payment to
the amount of one dollar. And it shall be
lawful to pay out such coins in exchange for
the lawful currency in the United States, (ex-
cept cents, or half cents, or two-cent pieces,
issued under former acts of Congress,) in suit-
able sums, bj' the ti-easurer of the Mint, and
by such other depositaries as the Secretary of
the Treasury may designate, and under general
regulations approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury. And under the like regulations the
same may be exchanged in suitable sums for
any lawful currency of the United States, and
