2762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
try having every facility for crossing the nav-
igable streams of the country. Indeed, I desire
that it shall be done. I certainly want com-
munication from the West to the East, and
while I am acting as a member of this body or
in any other capacity I will do nothing to ob-
struct commerce in its way from the West to
the East or from the East to the West. It is
a thing we want ; but is it not going too far to
say that the Mississippi river, a great river nav-
igable for three thousand miles by the largest
class of steamers, shall be covered over at
every little town with a permanent pontoon
bridge? Our eastern friends ought not to ask
that, with the idea that it will largely benefit
the railroads that point in their direction, and
that it will facilitate commerce in that direc-
tion instead of toward" the southern country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it the East that is
proposing to do this?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, it is our western
friends. The Senator from Maine suggests
very properly that it is not so much our east-
ern friends who are urging the passage of these
measures as unfortunately the inhabitants of
the little towns along the Mississippi river. I
do think that our western friends ought to act
with a little more prudence and a little more
caution in matters of this character. Nothing
can be lost between now and next December,
and let us adopt the proposition of the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] and if the
engineers report between now and nest De-
cember that it is impossible to build other
than draw-bridges upon the Mississippi, I shall
consent to do it.
I do not know that I can add anything more
to what I have said. I regret very much that
I have to trouble the Senate on this subject. I
feel a very great interest in it, but I have no
other interest than any other citizen of the
great West. I have no interest in any railroad
company or steamboat company upon the earth,
not a dollar's worth of interest in anything of
the soit; but as a western m*n I do feel an
interest in preventing the pontoon bridging of
the Mississippi river. I know that draw-bridges
have been built upon navigable waters; but ori-
ginally when that was done it was required that
the draw should always be open except when
trains were crossing on the bridge. 1 aiiude
to this in order to show Senators what prog-
ress we are making on this subject. I say that
originally it was required that the draw should
remain open at all times except when trains
were crossing the bridge, and then, and then
only, was it closed, so as to leave the river open
to navigation. But how is it in this bill ? IIow
was it in the bill which we passed the other
day? The draw is required to be closed at all
times except when steamboats are passing.
We are conferring privileges upon the railroad
companies and gradually making inroads upon
the navigable waters of this country and clos-
ing them up. It cannot be denied that this is
the course now being pursued. Perhaps the
railroad companies deserve these privileges ; it
may be that they offer facilities for trade and
travel to further the commercial intercourse of
the country that the rivers do not offer; but I
heg leave to differ from Senators when they
thus insist. I know that all heavy freight can
he carried upon the Mississippi river for one
third of the money that any railroad company
can carry it. I know that a barrel of pork or
a barrel of whisky can be carried from St.
Louis to New Orleans, and from New Orleans
around to the city of Boston, for one third of
the money for which it can be carried by any
railroad company in this country directly; and
it can be carried in that way for one third of
the money, even after you have bridged the
Mississippi river. That shows most clearly that
we ought to be prudent and careful how we
close up this great navigable thoroughfare. We
are navigating the Missouri river now by a
regular line of packets, thirty-two hundred and
forty miles above the city of St. Louis, up to
Fort Benton, and even above Fort Benton; and
why are these great streams to be closed up by
low bridges, the draws of which are required
at all times to be closed, except when steamers
are passing? If bridges can be built with a
continuous span of three hundred feet, so as
to accommodate the railroads, I say it ought
to be done. I have before stated to the Senate
that a mechanic has asserted at St. Louis that
he will build bridges with a span of four hun-
dred feet, and they now propose to go on and
construct a bridge at St. Louis with continuous
spans of four hundred feet and fifty feet above
high-water mark. That will accommodate the
steamboat interest and the railroad interest, too.
'Mr. President, if my proposition is adopted
it only requires these bridges, if built between
now and next December, to be built with con-
tinuous spans. I hope the Senate will consider
the matter a little more seriously than it con-
sidered the proposition pending the other day.
It can do this bridge company no harm, be-
cause they can do nothing between now and
next December exccpt to procure stone for the
building of the piers, and that will answer just
as well for a continuous-span bridge as for a
bridge with a pivot and draw. The Mississippi
river is so high that no pier can be built be-
tween now and next December. The Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Norton] will scarcely
contradict me on this point. Nothing can be
done between now and next fall. The consent
of the Wisconsin Legislature has yet to be ob-
tained, as I understand, before this bridge can
be built at all, by an amendment already
adopted, and I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Wisconsin when the Legislature of that
State again meets.
Mr. HOWE. In January.
Mr. HENDERSON. In January next.
This consent, then, cannot be had before next
January. My amendment cannot harm the
object of the Senator from Minnesota. If it
be the desire of western members on this great
river to bridge it m this way, I must submit;
but I do enter my most solemn protest, as I
have already entered it, against this work of
constructing pivot and draw-bridges on that
great river.
I have alluded to the increasing commerce
of the country. In thirty years from to-day
we shall all see how unnecesary and how idle
and how absurd it was to construct these bridges,
because by that time it will have been demon-
strated by the American mechanics that bridges
can be built with a span of four hundred feet
to accommodate both the steamboat and the
railroad interests of the country. It will have
been demonstrated by that time that there was
no necessity for building these pontoon bridges
and fastening them to the banks of the river,
thus obstructing the current ofthis greatstream.
This will be demonstrated in the next thirty
years, and then we shall have to regret our
folly in having filled the river with these struct-
ures.
The Legislature of Wisconsin does not meet
till next January, so that nothing can be lost
by my proposition. Let us send some engi-
neers out to the Mississippi river, and let the
Senate be informed on the subject. If con-
tinuous-span bridges can be erected, let that
commission so report, and I for one shall say
amen, and pledge the Senate that I shall make
no further opposition to bridging the river.
If they gay that pivot and draw-bridges can be
built, be it so ; but if they say that continuous-
span bridges can be built, I ask whether there
is a Senator in the hearing of my voice who
will then consent to construct these low bridges.
1 hope not. Sir, you are now putting in the
way of the great lumber interest of Wisconsin
obstructions that will seriously damage the lum-
bermen of that State and seriously damage the
commercial interests of that great northwest-
em country; and yet Senators seem to think
they are hastening to do them a great benefit.
I cannot so think. I wish I could so think,
provided they are right and I am wrong; but
until I am further satisfied, I cannot believe
that we are doing any good to the Northwest
and the West by this course of proceeding.
The board proposed by the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] can report by next
December; and as the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin does not meet until January, the Senate
may be informed on the subject long before
permission to build the bridge can be obtained
from the State of Wisconsin. Of course no
company would be foolish enough to proceed
with the construction of this great bridge under
an act of Congress alone. They must nave.an
abutment upon the soil of Wisconsin, and they
must get the consent of the State of Wisconsin
before they dare put an abutment upon her
soil or within the jurisdiction of that State, and
her consent cannot be obtained before next
January.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Could they not erect
the bridge if they owned the land on each side?
Mr. HENDERSON. I doubt that very much.
I do not think a man by merely owning land
within the sovereignty of a State has a right,
by virtue of that, to erect a corporation en-
dowed with the franchise of constructing a
bridge and taking tolls on it. I think, under
all the circumstances, that if this company in-
sist on building the bridge between now and
next January, if they insist on getting a part of
the material there, it should be with the un-
derstanding that it shall be a continuous-span
bridge until we can know more about this mat-
'ter. It is of very great importance, in my
judgment of vast importance ; and yet we con-
sidered it the other day in the course of an
hour and passed a bill setting the precedent
for bridging this great stream with these pon-
toon bridges, as 1 call them. They are an im-
mense obstruction; I have been so told since the
passage of that bill by steamboat men. In fact
the Chamber of Commerce of St. Louis has
sent a large delegation here to protest against
it in the name of the people of the West. I
cannot say how far they represent the interest
of .the people of the West, but they are very
earnest about it. Gentlemen may say it is be-
cause St. Louis is deeply interested in this mat-
ter. St. Louis has no more interest in it than
any other part of the great West; any other
portion of it is just as much interested as St.
Louis; but they come here protesting and say-
ing that with a span of one hundred and sixty
feet, as we provided the other day, bridges on
the river will materially and permanently injure
commerce upon the river.
We can lose nothing by adopting my amend-
ment and saying that if this company proceed
to build at all until we can get a report, it shall
be a continuous-span bridge, and I hope the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] will push
his resolution, urge it forward, and let the board
proceed to the West to i-eport upon this impor-
tant question. It is an important matter, and
it ought to be looked into with more care than
we seem disposed to look into it now. I know
that the learned Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan,] three years ago, discussed the
question on behalf of his State in regard to
the bridging of the Ohio river. Now they are
proceeding to put up the right, sort of struct-
ures on the Ohio river. Why not compel it to
be done upon the Mississippi river? They are
not putting up pivot and draw-bridges upon
the Ohio river, but bridges that accommodate
the commerce upon that river as well as the
commerce across the river. It can be done,
and done easily, and done to the great satis-
faction, not only of the people of the West,
but the people of this entire country. These
great navigable streams, made by nature, are
better than the railroads, even if they were
made by the hand of the Almighty. As I
have before said, vou have nothing to do but
to construct the cars Io run upon these navi-
gable streams, and companies and individuals
can carry freight and passengers cheaper than
the railroads, yea, for one third the cost of
carrying them upon railroads. Why, then,
shall we obstruct these great arteries of com-
merce made to our hands by nature and by
the beneficence of the Almighty? Why shall
we, in our puny efforts to make better the com-
mercial channels made by llim, go to work
and obstruct those channels, and say to man
that we have improved upon the works of
