3722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Permit me to cor-
rect the gentleman, for he is entirely mistaken
in regard to the proposition I made. It does
not pick out a few interests, but leaves a mar-
gin on everything embraced in the bill not ex-
ceeding twenty-five per, cent.
Mr. GARFIELD. I want to say in regard
to the margin of twenty-five per cent, that noth-
ing can be more absurd than to say that any
one rate per cent, shall be .the limit put upon
all articles under any and all circumstances.
And that reminds me of a point I was about
to forget. I wish to call the attention of the
House to the reason why any revision of the
tariff is needed at this time. The present tar-
iff law was passed in 1804, when gold was at
200, and it rose during the year to 285. Oar
tariff was adjusted to that situation of the cur-
rency ; and what would be highly protective
then might give no protection now, or when
gold shall be as low as it has been since this
House met in session. That is the great trouble
with us now. We are afloat witEout any fixed
standard of value, and that which would bo a
proper duly to-day may be a high duty to-mor-
row and a low one next day.
I greatly regret that we have not been able
to reach nearer to the solid basis of specie, base
our currency and all our legislation upon some
fixed standard. But while we are tossing as
we now are, going up and down twenty and
thirty per cent, on gold in the space of a month,
it is necessary that we'have a tariff, tempora-
rily at least, that will safely shield the interests
of the country until we have passed the dangers
and reached a more stable financial condition.
One other proposition has been submitted,
and with the notice of that I will conclude. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
proposes that the whole subject be laid over
until another winter. For many reasons I
should be glad if wo could have more lime to
perfect the measure. It would be well if we
could give two or three months of careful study
to the problems connected with this bill. But
gentlemen must remember that the chances
and changes of the next five or six months may
be disastrous to our industries if we do not be-
fore the close of this session adopt some le-
gislation to protect them against sudden danger.
I am sorry, therefore, that my friend from Mas-
sachusetts saw fit to offer that proposition, for
it is really another mode of killing the bill, and
I can hardly believe lie desires such a result.
[ hope, sir, that both the propositions to which
I have referred will be voted down; that we
shall amend the bi 11 in several particulars, mak-
ing it as equitable as possible in all its pro-
visions; that wo shall pass it; and when the
country comes to understand clearly what we
have done I believe that the clamor of which
•we have heard so much will cease and that the
wisdom of this measure will be vindicated.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to inquire whether
it is the understanding that debate shall now
close.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose that debate shall
close when the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] shall have concluded.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FARQUHAIt. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania allow me to interrupt him
a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Morrill] whether the arrange-
ment was not that debate should close on the
conclusion of the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. GUri'ield.]
Mr. MORRILL. That was the understand-
ing. We did not then know that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania desired to speak. The
gentleman will recognize the propriety of giving
the senior member of the House five to ten
minutes if he desires it.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I shall be very happy,
of course, to have the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania proceed with the debate ;
but I simply desire to say this: after hearing
yesLerday the remark of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means with
regard to the range of debate which might be
allowed to-day, I prepared some remarks which
I had hoped to be allowed to present, that my
people might understand my reasons for the
vote which I may have to give. Understand-
ing, however, that debate was to be closed, I
cheerfully waived the privil^e of making those
remarks. I am, however, very desirous to hear
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I will surrender the floor
to the gentleman from' Indiana, [Mr. Farqu-
har,] and then let the debate close.
Several Members. Let us vote now.
Mr. MORRILl/. I certainly desire to ac-
commodate gentlemen of the House; but I did
hope that we should be able to reach a vote
upon the bill and close it to-day. There are,
I understand, several other gentlemen who
would like to speak ; but it is obvious that if
we are to dispose of the bill to-day we must
very soon commence to vote. I do not desire
to exclude any remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania or the gentleman from Indiana;
but if neither gentleman desires to occupy any
tim« now I propose, Mr. Speaker, that the sev-
eral amendments'which it, was agreed mightbe-
offered at this stage of the bill shall now be
proposed; that the previous question shall then
be called upon the amendments; and after that
the motion of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] and that of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will be in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I had intended, Mr.
Speaker, to make a few remarks on the mer-
its of the bill; but I see that under the cir-
cumstances it might not bo fair to other gen-
tlemen. Besides, as a remark made by the
last speaker, [Mr. Garfield,] with reference
to the course of the Committee of Ways and
Means upon the bill renders it quite probable
that I shall^iot be able to vote for the bill in
the shape it may finally assume, I feel the less
desire now to make any remarks in advocacy
of the measure.
Mr. FARQCJIIAR. I desire to say to the
House and to the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania that my purpose in rising
was not to interpose any objection to the gen-
tleman proceeding with his remarks ; and I
hope that he will not so regard it.
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all; but I see the
impropriety of my occupying the time. 4
Mr. MORRILL. I move on page 9, line six,
to fill the blank with " three," so that it will
read, "on cotton, raw or unmanufactured,
three cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now yield the floor to
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to
move an amendment to the following para-
graph on page 21:
On iion bars for railroads or inclined planes, made
to pattern, ready to lay down, one cent per pound.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I enter a motion
to strike out "one cent per pound," and in
lion thereof to insert "seventy cents per hun-
dred pounds."
. Mr. FARQUHAR. I move still further
to amend by making it "fifty" instead of
"seventy."
Mr. ALLISON. I 'move to make the dSty
on cotton five ccnts per pound.
The SPEAKER. Tliat has been already
passed, the duty being fixed at three cents per
pound by vote of the House on motion of the
gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL. No one seems disposed
to move an amendment in reference to coal,
and I therefore demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
An understanding, by unanimous consent,
was entered into that the amendments of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union should bo considered as agreed to in
gross, excepting those on which separate votes
might be asked.
The first amendment, on which a separate
vote was asked by Mr. Allison, was to strike
out "nine" and insert "ten;" so that fhe par-
agraph will read, "on iron in pigs, ten dollars
per ton."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 83.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNEj of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was rejected; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment, on which a separate
vote was asked by Mr. Dodge, was to strike
out "crash" in the following paragraph:
On brown and bleached linen, damask table linen,
brown Hollands, blay, coatings, crash, duck, drills,
diapers, and huckabucks, valued at thirty cents or
less per square yard, six cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The ^iext amendment on which a separate
vote was asked was the following:
Strike out the words, "on all bituminous coal
mined and imported from any place not more than
thirty degrees of longitude east of Washington, fifty
cents per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds
to the busheland in lines two hundred and fifty-
five and two hundred and fifty-six, strike out the
words, "thirty degrees of longitude east of "Wash-
ington,*" so that the paragraph will read:
On candle on cannel coal, and on all bituminous
coal mined and imported from any port or place,
$1-50 per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds
to the bushel; on anthracite, and all other coal not
herein otherwise provided for, $1 50 per ton of
twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel:
on coke and culm of coal, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
77, noes 59.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 72, not voting
35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona. Anderson, D elos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Barker, Benjamin, Boyer,
Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Davis, Dawson, De-
frees, Dodge, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farquhar, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Grider, Aaron Harding, Hayes, Hotch-
kiss, Abahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell. Johnson, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan,
Longyear, Marshall, McCuUough, McKee, Mercur,
Miller, Myers, Niblack,O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Phelps,
Plants. Price, Samuel J. Randall, AYilliam H. Ran-
dall, ltitter, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanklin, Spalding, Stevens, Strouse, Thayer,
Francis'Thomas John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. "Washburn, Wel-
ker, Whalov, Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baker, Bald-
win, Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Bingham, Boutwell,
Cook, Dawes, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Griswold,
Hale, Harris, Hart, Henderson,- Higby, Holmes,
Hooper. Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hul-
burd* Humphrey,Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson,
Ketcham, Lafiin, William Lawrence, Marston, Mar-
vin, McClurg, McRuer,Moorhead, Morrill,Moulton,
Newell, Nicholson, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rogers,
Rollins, Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves, Taber, Taylor,
Trowbndsre, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Went-
worth, James F.Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Wrisht—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Chanler, Conkling, Cul-
lom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dumont, Eckley,
Goodyear, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Hill. Hogan,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kuykendall, Lynch, Mc-
Indoe, Morris, Noell, Radford, Raymond, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Upson, Warner, and Win-
field—35.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During vote,
Mr. WABUBURISTj of Indiana, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Stilwell, who would have
voted for the amendment, was paired with Mr.
Blaine, who would have voted against it.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was asked was the following :
Strike out all after the enacting clause of section
eighteen and insert, "that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized to extend to the
Alabama and Florida Railroad Company (of Florida)
a credit of fivo years on the duties on the railroad
iron and fastenings necessary to relay thirty-seven
