788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
ift the proclamations providing for a provisional
government in North Carolina, and the other
States lately in rebellion, except the right
granted in those proclamations for rebels to
vote and the disfranchisement of loyal people
As far as possible, for purposes of convenience,
I would recognize the present State organiza-
tions, I would recognize the present State bound-
aries. But if the President's plan means that
we-shall now, here and to-day, open wide the
doors for the admission to these rebel repre-
sentatives into Congress, then I am against it;
I am opposed to it; they cannot be admitted
at present with benefit to themselves or safety
to the nation, and the resurrection trump shall
sound the summons of these rebels to the gen-
eral judgment before my voice or vote shall sum-
mon them to these Halls. [Applause in the
galleries.] I have seen 110 evidence that the
President desires the immediate admission of
rebel representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
Order! Order!
Mr. LAKE, of Indiana. But, Mr. President,
it has been said that we are already precluded,
that our hands are tied, that Congress has al-
ready recognized the existence of these Stales.
Let us, if yon please, look for a moment at that
position. I have already shown you that Presi-
dents Lincoln and Johnson in their proclama-
tions recognized the fact that these States are
dead, dead de jure, dead de facto, and that
they have 110 rights under the Constitution.
They have no rights under their present organi-
zation—otherwise President J ohuson would not
have appointed provisional governors for them ;
otherwise he would not have fixed the qualifi-
cations of their voters, and by telegraphic com-
munication, conveniently arranged, lie would
not have said to them, '■ Thus far shalt thou go
and 110 further," do this and be States, do that
and be out of the Union, until these organiza-
tions come to be the creatures of the Adminis-
tration and not, the voluntary act of the free
people of the rebel States. It is of the very es-
sence of a republican form of government that
it shall have the approval o f those to be governed
by it.
_ Now, how has Congress regarded this ques-
tion? You are told that Congress has recog-
nized the present existence of these States, and
how? That wo have passed an apportionment
bill apportioning certain representation to the
southern States; that we have passed a bill for
•the collection of a direct tax, and have appor-
tioned that among the people of the rebel Stat es
under the constitutional ratio and basis. All
that we have done. What do these acts mean ?
They mean simply this: that the census had
been taken ; the duty of Congress to apportion
the representation among the States was upon
lis ; and we legislated upon that subject, not, so
much with regard to the piesent condition and
relation of these States, as with regard to an
anticipated condition to exist in the future,
when these States then in revolt against the
United States should he entitled to represen-
tation, and when wo should be in a condition to
collect taxes from them.
For instance, whenever the States were enti-
tled to representation, their representation
should be under that bill; and whenever we
were prepared to collect taxes they should be
collected under that bill. Thas far and no
further has the action of Congress recognized
these people as existing States. Yet we are
told that Congress have by their lecrHation
precluded themselves and tied their hands, that
they have said in the apportionment act and
in the direct taxation act that these were exist-
ing States. I have shown you that that legis-
lation had reference, and by possibility could
havehadreference, to nothing except the future.
I' or instance, when they were entitled to repre-
sentation it was fixed: when we were prepared
to collect taxes, that was the proportion in \\ hi eh
it should be collected.
Bur let me show yon other acts of the Con-
gress of the Cnited States proving that the ex-
istence of these States was totally and entirely
ignored. By the Constitution of the United
States a majority of all the representatives in
Congress in each House constitutes a quorum.
By the deliberate action of the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate of the United States,
it was determined that a majority of the Sen-
ators and Representatives of all the loyal States
represented here should constitute a quorum.
Now, one of two things is true: either that law
was just and proper and constitutional, or all
your legislation for the last three years has
been unconstitutional. The Constitution fixes
one quorum recognizing all the States; you fix
another quorum recognizing simply the States
that have never gone into the rebellion. Then,
so far as that act is concerned, both Houses of
Congress are precluded from taking the ground
now that those are existing Slates under the
Constitution.
But let. me refer yon to another instance
showing clearly the view which the Congress
of the United States took upon this whole sub-
ject. Prior to counting the votes for President
and Vice President in ioG-3, both Hotfses of Con-
gress passed a joint resolution that whatsoever
candidate might receive or had received a ma-
jority of the electoral votes cast by the loyal
States who had never gone into the rebellion,
should be declared the legal constitutional Pres-
ident, and Vice President ol the United States.
There are two express acts of Congress utter-
ly ignoring, for the time being, the existence
of these States, and the President of the United
States to-day holds his highothce under Provi-
dence and under that, joint resolution of the two
Houses of Congress, utterly ignoring the present
exist mire of the rebel States. Yet we are told
that the annihilation of a State presupposes the
annihilation of the Union, is it so? By virtue
of the Constitution itself, when nine States rati-
fied the instrument we became the United States
of America. Suppose that four States had
never ratified it, then the ara'ument is that
though the Government of the United States
would have been formed if four States had
never ratified the Constitution, yet we are told
the moment one State withdraws, that very
moment the Constitution is rendered void, the
nation is destroyed, the Union cannot exist. It
was only necessary to get the concurrence of
nine States, leaving four out. and we were a
complete State under the laws of nations, hav-
ing all the powers of a sovereign State even
though four States had never entered the Union
at all; and yet it is held that the annihilation
of one single State would destroy the United
States and the Union formed under the Consti-
tution. If it had pleased Almighty God to strike
out of existence, and to have caused the waves
of the Gulf stream to roll a hundred fathoms
deep over South Carolina in 18Gt, the United
States would nevertheless have been a proud,
prosperous, and mighty nation, entitled to all
the rights of sovereignty under the laws of
nation'.
But. Mr. President, gentlemen state the argu-
ment very plausibly: they say that secession
is unconstitutional, that rebellion is illegal, and
therefore null and void, and that a null and
void act cannot operate to take any State out of
the Union. An act. may be null, and far from
being void. An act may be illegal and uncon-
stitutional. and far from being void. This rebel-
lion was illegal and unconstitutional, but it was
fraught with terrible consequences to the peo-
ple of the South and the people of the North.
But we are asked, did the ordinance of seces-
sion carry a single State beyond the pale of the
Constitution? I answer you that the simple
ordinance of secession did not. They might
have resolved, and resolved, and resolved a
thousand times, and it would not have oper-
ated to carry them out of the Union. It was
not the act of secession, but the act of open,
violent, and flagrant war made upon the Union.
They might have resolved to secede every day
in the year, and still have abided by the* laws
of the United States, and their resolutions
would ha\ e had no effect. The moment they
declared war and became not only domestic
traitors but alien enemies and belligerents, that
very moment, for the time being, their consti-
tutional relations to the United States were
changed, and they can only be restored by the
Congress of the United States. The people
have too long looked to the President for a
plan of restoration and reconstruction. They
have looked to him for that which he has no
power to grant. Look to Congress. Congress
alone, embodying the will of the whole people,
in whom resides the sovereignty of the nation,
can recall and restore these States to their
proper relations to the General Government.
Sir, that is the Constitution. The Constitu-
tion says that the United States shall guaranty
to every State in this Union a republican form
of government. How can the President carry
out that guarantee ? He may appoint his mar-
shals with your consent; he may appoint, his
postmasters with your consent; he may appoint
his revenue officers ; but suppose in the mean
time an aristocracy is organized in any one of
these States, or an oligarchy, or a despotism,
the President is powerless to enforce this guar-
antee of the Constitution. It can only be done
by legislation — legislation in Congress; and
lest I may slate that principle too strongly, I
desire to refer to the Supreme Court decision
in the case of Luther vs. Borden, not for the
purpose (I disclaim all such purpose) of en-
deavoring to shed additional light on this de-
cision after the able and exhaustive argument
which we have heard from the Senators from
Massachusets and Maryland, and other Sena-
tors, but simply for the purpose of preserving the
consistency and continuity of my own argument.
This is a decision of the Supreme Court that I
refer to with much more pleasure than T shall
have if I have occasion to refer to the decision
in the Dred Scott case, for then the Supreme
Court was the representative of the highest
legal learning, ability, and integrity in the na-
tion. Mr. Chief Justice Taney, in Luther vs.
Borden, in 7 Howard, said:
"Tim fourth section of the fourth article of tho
Constitution of the United States provides that 'tho
United States shall guaranty to eveiy Suite in this
Union a republican form ot government, and glial]
protect eacliof them against invasion: and. 011 appli-
cation of the Legislature,ortlie Executive.(when tho
Lejustatuie cannot, be convened,) again.it domestic
violence.' Under this article of the Constitution it
rests with Congress to decide what government is the
established one in a State; lor, as the United States
guaranty to each State a republican form of gov-
ernment, Congress must necessarily decide what gov-
ernment is established in a State, before it can de-
termine whethci it is republican or not in form. And
when the Senators and Representatives of the States
are admitted to the councils of the nation, the au-
thority ot the government under which they are ap-
pointed. as well as its reiuiblieuri character, is recog-
nized by theproper constitutional authoiiiy. and its
decision is binding upon every other department of
the (Government, and cannot be questioned in any
judicial tribunal."
Here, then, is the broad ground asserted that
Congress has the power to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government, and consequently in
the event of a conflict, as was the casein Rhode
Island, between two separate organizations,
each claiming to be the State of Rhode Island,
the Supreme Court says Congress lias a risht
to decide, by the admission or the non-admis-
sion of members, which is the proper State gov-
ernment in Rhode Island, and that is a politi-
cal question to be decided by Congress alone.
It is not subject to any appeal to the courts of
the country or to the President of the United
States. It is final and conclusive ; Congress
alone has this power.
Now, Mr. President, conceding as all law-
yers must the existence of the power, the duty
necessarily results to exercise the power, and
Congress is now called upon to decide whether
there are any State organizations which can be
recognized ; and when Congress shall decide
there is no appeal to the Supreme Court; there '
is 110 appeal to the President. The voice of
the nation has been heard, and it is final, and
final forever. And it is well that this high
power is reposed in Congress. Otherwise you
would make your President a dictator; other-
wise the voice of the people might never be
heard. Sir, we have notrun tomeetthisissue;
we have not forced it upon the country. It is
upon us. Wc stand in the presence to-day of
terrible realities. Timid counsels and illusory
