1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the expenses incident to such exchange, distri-
bution, and transmission may be paid out of
the profits of said coinage; and the net profits
ot said coinage, as ascertained in the man-
ner prescribed in the second section of the
aC j " An act relatipg to foreign coins
and the coinage of cents at the Mint of the
United States," approved February twenty-
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, shall be
transferred to the Treasury of the United States:
Provided, That from and after the passage of
this act no issues of fractional notes of the
United States shall be of a less denomination
than ten cents; and all sueli issues at that time
outstanding shall, when paid into the Treasury
or any designated depository of the United
States, or redeemed or exchanged as now pro-
vided by law, be retained and canceled.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
any person or persons not lawfully authorized
shall knowingly make, issue, or pass, or cause
to be made, issued, or passed, or aid in the
making, issuing, or passing of any coin, card,
token, or device whatsoever, in metal or its
compound, intended to pass or be passed as
money for the coin authorized by this act, or
for coin of equal value, such person or persons
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a
fine not_ exceeding one thousand dollars, and
by imprisonment for a term not exceeding five
years, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the Treasurer and the sev-
eral Assistant Treasurers of tlie United States
to redeem in national currency, under such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, the coin herein
authorized to be issued, when presented in sums
of not less tiian one hundred dollars.
Approved, May 1G, 1866.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act imposing a Duty on
live Animals.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That on and after the
passage of this act, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid, on all horses, mules, cattle,
sheep, hogs, and other live animals, imported
from foreign countries, a duty of twenty per
centum ad valorem : Provided, That any such
animals now bona fide owned by resident citi-
zens of the United States, and now in any of
the Provinces of British America, may be im-
ported into the United States free of duty until
the expiration of ten days next after the passage
of this act.
Apx'ROVED, May 16, 1866.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act to change the Place
of holding the Courts of the United States
for the northern District of Mississippi.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the district courts of
the United States for the northern district of
Mississippi, now required to be held at the
town of Pontotoc, shall hereafter be held at
the town of Oxford, in said State.
Approved, May 16, 1866.
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act to amend "An Act
to establish the Grade of Vice Admiral in
the United States Navy."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the second section of
an act to establish the grade of vice admiral in
the United States Navy, approved December
twenty-first, eighteen hundred f^d sixty-four,
be, and the same is hereby, amended by add-
ing thereto the following: "And he shall be
allowed a secretary, with the rank and sea pay
and allowances of a lientenant in the Navy."
Approved, May 16, 1806>
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundredand sixty-
seven, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, out of any moneys in the
Treasury arising from the revenues of said De-
partment, in conformity to the act of the sec-
ond of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails, (inland,)
nine million five hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
_ For transportation of the mails, (foreign,)
six hundred thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, eight
thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, four mil-
lion two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For clerks for post offices, one million nine
hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
For payment to letter carriers, six hundred
and forty thousand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For twine, thirty thousand dollars.
For letter balances, six thousand dollars.
For compensation to blank agents and assist-
ants, eight thousand dollars.
For office furniture, six thousand dollars.
For advertising, eighty thousand dollars.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For mail bags, one hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For payment of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous payments, three hundred
and twenty thousand dollars.
To enable the Superintendent of the Naval
Observatory to carry out the object of Senate
resolution of March nineteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, for report of Isthmus routes
to the Pacific ocean, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated for the year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
For the mail steamship service between the
United States and Brazil, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars: Provided, That this appro-
priation shall take effect only when Brazil shall
have performed the condition on her part pro-
vided in the law authorizing said service.
For the mail steamship service between San
Francisco, Japan, and China, for six months
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seveu, two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For the overland mail transportation between
Atchison and Folsom, and for marine mail
transportation between New York and Califor-
nia, nine hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to employ sailing vessels for the transporta-
tion of the mails between the ports of the Uni-
ted States and any foreign ports where the ser-
vice may be facilitated thereby, allowing and
paying therefor a compensation not exceeding
the sea postages accruing on the mails so con-
veyed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General be, and is hereby, required
to report to the Secretary of the Treasury annu-
ally, prior to the first day of November of each
year, his estimate of the money required for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
ensuing fiscal year; which estimate shall be
reported to Congress with the printed esti-
mates of appropriations required by the joint
resolution of the seventh of January, eighteen
hundred and forty-six.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
balance of the appropriation of one hundred
thousand dollars under the thirteenth section
of an act "to establish a postal money-order
system," approved May seventeenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, which may remain un-
expended at the close of the current fiscal year,
may be used as far as necessary to supply defi-
ciencies in the proceeds of the money-order
syslein during the fiscal year commencing July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Sec._ 6. And be it further enacted, That all
advertising, notices, and proposals for contracts
for the Post Office Department, and all adver-
tising, notices, and proposals for contracts for
all the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment, required by law to be published in the
city of Washington, shall hereafter be adver-
tised by publication in the two daily newspa-
pers in the city of Washington having the largest
circulation, and in no others: Provided, That
the charges for such publications shall not be
higher than such as arc paid by individuals for
advertising in said papers: And provided also,
That the same publications shall be made in
each of said papers equally as to frequency, and
that the circulation of such papers shall be de-
termined upon the tenth day of June annually;
and the publishers of all papers competing for
such* advertising shall furnish a sworn state-
ment of their bona fide paid circulation of each
regular issue for the preceding three months;
and shall in like manner certify under oath that
such circulation has not, during the said three
months, been increased by any gratuitous cir-
culation, by a reduction in price below the
ordinary and usual price of such papers, or by
any other means, for the purpose ot obtaining
the official advertising: Provided, That the
charge for such advertising shall not be greater
than is paid for the same publications in other
cities, or at a higher rate than is paid by indi-
viduals for like advertising.
Approved, May 18, 1866.
Chap. LXXXVI.—An Act to prevent and
punish Kidnapping.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if any person shall
kidnap or carry away any other person, whether
negro, mulatto, or otherwise, with the intent
that such other person shall be sold or carried
into involuntary servitude, or held as a slave;
or if any person shall entice, persuade, or
knowingly induce any other person to go on
board any vessel or to any other place, with the
intent that he or she shall be made or held as
a slave, or sent out of the country to be so made
or held, or shall in any way knowingly aid in
causing any other person to be held,.sold, or
carried away, to be held or sold as a slave, he
or she shall be punished, on conviction thereof,
by a fine of not less than five hundred nor more
than five thousand dollars, or by imprisonment
not exceeding five years, or by both of said
punishments.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
the master or owners, or person having charge
of any vessel, shall receive on board any other
person, whether negro, 'mulatto, or otherwise,
with the knowledge or intent that such person
shall be carried from any State, Territory, or
district of the United States, to a foreign coun-
try, State, or place, to be held or sold as a slave,
or shall carry away from any State, Territory,
or district of the United States, any such per-
son. with the intent that ho or she shall be so
held or sold as a slave, such master, owner, or
other person offending, shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding five thousand nor less than
five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not
