1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3723
miles of the track of the Alabama and Florida rail-
road, between the city of Pensacola and the Ala-
bama State line, from which the rails and fastenings
were removed by the rebel forces (against the remon-
strances of the officers ot said company; during the
lato rebel'ion: Provided, That the said railroad com-
pany shall first give security, to the satisfaction of
thesaid .Secretory, for the payment in coin of such
duties with semi-annual interest at the late of six
per cent, on or before the expiration of said credit;
and that the said iron shall boused for no purpose
but that before stated until said duties-hare been
paid; and fuither, that the United States authorities
can use said securities in payment, for any services
said railroad company may render for them, should
any services be rendered."
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, there were—ayes 60, noes 72.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and
na_ys.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was disagreed to; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon which a separate vote
was reserved was on page 89, section twelve,
line ten, to strikeout" ten" and insert "thirty;"
so that it will read, ' 'on apples, garden fruit, and
vegetables, thirty per cent, ad valorem.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reserved for a separate
vote was on page 40, line twenty-seven, to strike
out " ten " and insert" twenty;" so that it will
read, "on potatoes, twenty cents per bushel.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reserved for a separate
vote was on page 41, lines fifteen, sixteen, and
seventeen, in regard to lumber, to strike out
the words "six dollars or less per thousand
feet, one dollar per thousand feet; when valued
at over six dollars and," so that it will read,
'' when sawed and valued at not over ten dollars
perthousand, two dollars per thousand feet."
The amendment was agreed to—ayes T2,
noes 40.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment reserved for a separate
vote was on page 40, after line sixteen, to insert,
"on tea, twelve and a half cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to—ayes ninety-
five, noes not counted.
The next amendment reserved for a separate
vote was to insert after the amendment just
read, ' • on coffee, two and a half cents per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the last two
amendments were agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid iQiou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, on which a separate vote
was demanded by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, was
on page 21, line one hundred and forty-eight,
in relation to railroad iron, to strike out "one
cent per pound" and insert "seventy cents per
hundred pounds," to which an amendment was
moved by Mr. Farquiiar, to strike out "sev-
enty" and insert "fifty;" so that it will read,
"on iron bars for railroads or inclined planes,
made to pattern, ready to lay down, fifty cents
per hundred pounds."
The question being taken on the amendment
to strike out "seventy" and insert "fifty,"
there w ere—ayes 02, noes 72.
Mr. ALLISON" demanded the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 90, not voting 30 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M.Ash-
]i'v Baker henvamm."Bergen, Bromwell,Cobb,Cook,
JM'rrrs. DoimelK ridi-idge, Farnsworth. Farquhar,
Finck, Glide:, Gnunell, Aaron Harding, Abuer C.
Harding, Harris, henderson, IIogan.HuIburrI, Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Latlin, Le
Blond, Marshall, Marston, MeRuer, Moulton. .Nib-
lack, JNieholson, Orth, Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy,
Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, .Shank[in,
Sitgrcavcs, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trim bA§, Robert
X. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, IIenryT>. Wash-
burn, W entworth, J ames Jk. Wilson, and W indom—57.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona, Deios R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bingham,
Boutwell,Boyer,Buckland, Buntly.ReaderW. Clarke,
CoHroth, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Doming,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,Eckley, Eggleston,Eliot, Ferry,
Garlield, Glossbrenner, Griswold, llale, ilart, Hayes,
Higby, Holmes,Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester!). Hubbard, lie mas Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, JamesR. Hubbell, Jenckes, Johnson, Ivel-
ley, Kelso, Keteham, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, Mc-
Clurg, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Phelps,
Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Ricc, Sawyer,
Schcnck. Scotield, Sliellabargcr, Spalding, Strouse.
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Jv-hn L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, BurtVanllorn, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whatey, Williams, Stephen
J?. Wilson, and Woodbridge—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow.Brandegee, Broomall, Chanler, Sidney Clarke,
Conkling, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Duinont,
Goodyear, Hill, Edwin N. TTubhetl, Jones, Kuyken-
dall. Lynch, McCullough, Mclndoe, Morris, Noell,
Radiord, Raymond, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stevens,
Stilwell, Upson, Warner, Winfield, and Wright—35.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ANCONA said: My colleague, Mr. Den-
ison, is absent on account of sickness ; if ho
had been here I think he would have voted
with me on all these amendments.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The question recurred on the amendment to
strikeout "one cent per pound" and insert
" seventy cents per hundred pounds."
Mr. STROUSE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 43,
noes 98.
message er03i the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. S80) to enlarge the pub-
lie grounds surrounding the Capitol.
ENROLLED HILL.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (II. R. No. 730) relating to pilots
and regulations.
message fj103i tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 401) to increase and fix
the military peace establishment of the United
States, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a bill
(II. R. No. 720) to extend to certain persons
the privilege of admission, in certain cases, to
any of the United States Government asylums
for the insane.
The mebsage further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 334) to
fix the number of the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and to change cer-
tain judicial circuits, with an amendment, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
tariff rill again.
The question recurred upon the amendment
to reduce the duty on iron from one cent per
pound to seventy cents per one hundred pouuds,
upon which Mr. Steoose had called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 39, not vot-
ing 34 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison. Anderson, Baker,
Banks, Benjamin. Bergen, Bingham.Boutwell, Brom-
well, Buckiand, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano,
Doming, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckloy, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck,
Garfield, Gridcr, Grinnell, Aaron Harding, Abner C.
Harding, Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hogan,
Asahel W. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Iiasson, Kclley, Kelso,
Kerr, Keteham. Latlin, William Lawrence, LeBlond,
Loan, Longyear, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Mc-
Clurg. McCullough. MeRuer, Morrill, Moulton, New-
ell, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Por-
ham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William
H. Randall, Alexander n. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers, Rollins, Ross, ltousstjau, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shan klin, Sliellabargcr, Taber, Taylor. Francis Thom-
as, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihn B. Washburne,
Henry 1J. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Went.vrorth, Whaley. James 1'. Wilson, Windom,
Woodbridge, and Wright—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Ancona. Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter, Boyer,
Coffroth, Davis, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Hale, Ilart,
Holmes, Hotelikiss, Chester D. Hubbard, DemasHub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Jenckes, Johnson, Latham,
George V. Lawrence. McKee, Mcrcur, Miller. Moor-
head, Myers, O'Neill, Samuel J. Randall, Scofiold, Sit-
greaves, Stevens, Strouse, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Chanler, Conkling, Cul-
lom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon, Dumont, Good-
year, Hill, Hooper. Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kay-
kendall, Lynch, Mclndoe, Morris, Noell, Radford,
Raymond. Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stilwell,
Upson, Warner, and Winfield—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move that the. House
adjourn.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Eggleston] yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. EGGLESTON. Certainly.
union pacific railroad, eastern division.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to enter a
motion to reconsider the vote referring to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad a bill ex-
planatory of an act to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes,' approved July 1, 1862," approved
July 2, 1804.
The motion was entered upon the Journal.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I now renew my mo-
tion to adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 53, noes 80.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
TAltTFF BILL AGAIN.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Price to the paragraph in section nine
relating to the duty on salt, to strike out " forty-
two" and insert "thirty-six," and to strike out
"thirty" and insert "twenty-four;" so that
the paragraph would read as follows:
On salt in sacks, barrels, and other packages, thirty-
six cents per one hundred pounds; on salt in bulk,
twenty-four cents per one hundred pounds.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 86. noes 32.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie not ordered.
The amendment was accordingly agreed to.
Mr. MOULTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next question was upon the motion of
Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, to strike out the fol-
lowing section:
Sec. 23. And be it farther enacted. That there shall
be established in and attached to the Department of
the Treasury a bureau to bo styled the Bureau of
Statistics, and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to appoint a Dii ector to surpci intend and
conduct tho business of said bureau, who shall be
paid an annual salary of fr3,50U. And it shall be the
duly of the Director of the Bureau of Statistics to
prepaie the ieport on the statistics of commerce and
navigation, exports and imporU, now required by
