THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
they not only vote upon all these high ques- j
tSons, but they counsel in reference to executive |
appointments; they counsel in reference to the j
confirmation of treaties; and their power for j
evil is almighty the moment you admit them |
■with all the privileges of regularly organized !
and constituted States. I tremble in view of
the evil consequences which would result, from
theadmission of rebel members, to your national
debt, to the national credit, the plighted faith
of the nation to your bondholders, the plighted
feith of the nation to your invalid soldiers, the
plighted faith of the nation to your living and
dead heroes. For what have they contended
Sating the last four years ? The national Union
tod the integrity of the national territory. And
to what lame and impotent conclusion have you
arrived when you say now, after the war is over,
these men are to be called upon in council with
yourselves to determine all this legislation, and
to fix the very terms upon which they are to be
admitted to participate in the Government of
the United States. 1, for one, will never sanc-
tion any such plan.
But what is the remedy? I have already
shown yon that the rebels are not fit to vote.
Lot me show you further that they are not and
cannot be fit to legislate. What is there in
their antecedents, prior to the beginning of the
rebellion, which can lead us to suppose they are
at present qualified as voters? '1 hey rebelled
without cause against a Government which they
had only felt in its benefactions. They rebelled
without cause against free institutions. They
rebelled for the purpose of establishing an aris-
tocracy of caste and color and wealth and blood
upon the free institutions of the United Stales.
It was the old war renewed a thousand .times
of pretended Democrats against democracy.
This lay at the. foundation of their rebellion.
Thoy had no single Cause of complaint against
the national Government—not one. Thoy sim-
ply rebelled for the purpose of establishing an
aristocracy founded upon slavery. Is there
anything in the inception or prosecution ot' this
war convincing you that they arc now fit to par-
ticipate with us in the government, of the coun-
try? How was the. war commenced? Under
the administration of that weak and wicked old
man, James Buchanan, treason was hutched in
his own Cabinet. They commenced by betray-
ing the country, by scattering jour Navy, by
taking possession of your arsenals, by stealing
your arms, by violating their oaths to support
the Constitution, abandoning your sen ice and
your flag. This was the commencement of the
war; and how, I ask you, has it been prose-
cuted? At every step in open violation of the
laws of civilized warfare; by the murder of pris-
oners in cold blood ; by the starvation of your
prisoners in prison pens; and by trampling
under foot all the high sanctions of national
law and of morals. 'I hrse measures have char-
acterized the prosecution of the war. What is
their present position? llow do they stand
now? You iind in the South various indica-
tions of their temper and disposition. Yon
have a law upon your statute-book that no man
shall hold otiice except he shall take a certain
test oath that, he has not willingly rendered aid
and assistance to the enemies of the country, j
Under these pretended State organizations they
have held elections, and in open detianee of
that law 1 hey have elected reliefs to seats in the
Congress of the United States, men who boast
of their services to the confederacy, whose only
claim to support consisted in the fact that they
were heroes of the rebellion.
We findthe same tone evinced in many of the
southern Legislatures. What is their legisla-
tion in reference to the freedmen? The slave
codes in substance still in force. Some. I grant
you, haverepealedthe ordinances of secession:
some have declared them null and void, but not
one of them has done justice to the colored ,
freedmen—these orphan children of the Re- |i
public: these wards of the nation, whom you !:
are bound to protect, a/nd whose freedom before j
God and man you arc bound to maintain. Not j
a single one of these rebel State Legislatures ll
has protected the rights of the freedmen. They ! I
hiss your national airs, they spit upon your na-
tional flag, they celebrate rebel victories, and
they glorify rebel heroes ; and yet you arc asked
to admit them into tills body. Oh, yes: admit
Toombs and Davis and AYigfall and Breckin-
ridge and all the red-handed traitors who left
these Halls so defiantly in 18f>l.
Look even to the State of Kentucky, who has
maintained her loyal standing in the Union ;
what is her.present position? You were told
recently that the operations of the Freedmen's
Bureau should not be extended to Kentucky.
Oh! no. Leave loyal Kentucky untouched!
She has filled her quota in the Army of the
United States. Yes, sir; and more than filled
her quota in the rebel army. . When the Presi-
dent of the United States issued his first proc-
lamation for troops how was it answered by the
Governor of Kentucky? With insult, outrage-
ous insult, and a refusal to fui uish a man. The
people of Kentucky then placed themselves
upon the ground of neutrality—a ground as
utterly unconstitutional and revolutionary as
was secession itself; and recently, in the proud
old Commonwealth of Koniueky, the Legisla-
ture has repealed all laws disfranchising rebel
voters in that State. To-day thoy have a right
to vote; to-day they have a right to hold office;
to-day their slave code rules with a rod of iron
the freedmen in that State; and yet we are
told that it is improper to apply the provisions
of the Freedmen's Bureau bill to the State of
Kentucky.
I say these things "more in sorrow than in
anger." A native of that proud old Common-
wealth, I glory yet in her history: but it is in
her history in her palmier days, when the clar-
ion voice of Henry Clay in defense of the rights
of mankind and the rights ot the nation was
heard throughout that old Commonwealth. 1
listen now in vain tor that trumpet-toned voice
which was like the bugle-call to battle for 1ho
right, if m Kentucky the rebel element is in
such a condition, what is it in the States lately
in rebellion?
Before! pass from the noble Commonwealth
of Kentucky let me say that thousands upon
thousands of her sons and citizens have sealed
their devotion to the Union with their blood
upon the battle-field. No braver and nobler j
troops have filled the armies of the Union than j
have j;one from Kentucky. 1 speak not of
loyal Kentucky in my censure, but of the rebel
element in Kentucky, which 1 believe now jn-e- j
dominates in that State. So much, then, for |
their present position. Are they in any fit con-
dition to be invited here to participate with us
in the government, of this country? In my
opinion, they are not.
I have spoken of the presidential plan of re-
construction and of other plans. 1 now pro-
pose to speak of the congressional plans, and
I invito the attention of the Senate and of the
people to these plans of reconstruction, lor
they alone will prevail. You will look in vain
to the President to inaugurate a system of re-
construction. lie has no power under the Con-
stitution. however patriotic his intentions may
be. \yiiat, then, are the congressional plans ?
I shall first speak of the present proposed
amendment to the Constitution, which has al-
ready passed the popular branch of Congress
and is now before us. It is that, the basis of
representation shall be the actual number of
inhabitants, casting out of the account Indians
nut taxed and all lho.-.e that shall be excluded
in any State on account, of race or color.
This amendment, as 1 have already endeav-
ored to show, will do away with much of the
irregularity now existing, and which would exist
under a different state of things, the blacks being
all free. So far as the amendment goes. 1 ap-
prove of if, and 1 think I shall vote for it, but
with a distinct understanding that it is not all
that we are required to do, that it is not the
only amendment to the Constitution that Con-
gress is required to make.
Then there is a counter-proposition, intro-
duced by the di-nnguhhed Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. SfiiNCit,] which proposes to
declare by an act of Congress that, jio one shall
be excluded from the right of suffrage on ac-
count of race or color. If Congress' had the
undoubted and unquestionable authority to pass
such a law, it gets at the result more readily
than does the constitutional amendment,; but it
is doubtful to my mind whether Congress has
this power. I believe, under the Constitution,
the right to determine the qualifications of elect-
ors is left with the several States. This law
would operate upon all the States. My Stale
having forfeited by treason no one of her con-
stitutional rights, Ido notbelieve that Congress
has a right to intervene between her and her
people and fix the qualifications of voters. How-
ever I might be willing to yield the question that
the rebel States having forfeited all their rights,
such a law of Congress would be constitutional
as applied to them, I cannot recognize the prop-
osition that, such a law is constitutional as ap-
plied to States in the Union who have forfeited
none of their political rights or franchises; and
even if I were clear upon the subject 1 should
not he willing to leave the legislation in this
shape, for it, would open an everlasting contro-
versy in the courts as to its constitutionality,
and the matter would always be in doubt. How-
ever good in itself, it is, as 1 think, ineffective
in its operation, for the reasons so ably set forth
by the distinguished Senator from Maine [ Mr.
Fessexuex] yesterday, it is a noble declara-
tion, but a simple declaration, a paper bullet
that kills no one, and fixes and maintains the
rights of no one.
Then the same thing is sought to be achieved
by the amendment proposed by the distinguished
Senator from Missouri. [Mr. Henderson,]
which is a simple amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that no one shall be
excluded from the exercise of the rijrlit of suf-
frage on account of race or color. That begins
at the right point. The only objectipn to it is
that, its operation cannot, be immediate, and in
the mean time the rebels may be permitted to
vote, and its adoption by the various State Le-
gislatures is exceedingly doubtful. 1 should not
doubt, however, that we might secure its adop-
tion by three fourths of the loyal States who
have never seceded, and 1 believe that when-
ever that question is presented the Supreme
Court, of the United States will determine that
a ratification by that, number of States is a con-
stitutional approval of an amendment so as to
make it the supreme law of land, i have no
doubt about it.
Mr. President, what do we propose to do?
We see that it will not do to give power in the
rebelotatestotherebels. We see that the Union
white men are but an inconsiderable minority,
and they cannot be trusted there to organize
Slates. Then if the States are to be organized
immediately, the only question is whether the
right of suffrage shall be given to rebel white
men or loyal black men. The amendment of
the Senator from Missouii meets that issue
square!v in the face. Whatsoever i desire to
do 1 will not, do by indirection. I tru-t f shall
always be brave enough to do whatsoever I think
my duty requires, directly and not by indirec-
tion.
What is the argument in favor of this proposed
amendment to the Constitution? That by lim-
iting the basis of representation you will induce
the people of the South to give the right of suf-
frage to the negro. In the first place, I do not
believe it will have that effect; and in the sec-
ond place, if it would, yon are asking me to do
by indirection that which 1 as a brave and
honest man prefer to do directly. Still, this
amendment having been passed by the House
of lieprcsentatives, and having received the ap-
probation of the distinguished joint, committee
on reconstruction, and looking on it as a step
in the right direction, 1 shall vote for it, but
with the distinct understanding again expressed
that other amendments are to follow.
What are some of these other amendments
which, in my opinion, should follow prioi to
any rest oration of the rebel States? You should
fir-'f pass an amendment to the Constitution
forbidding for all lime to come the assumption
of the rebel debts and forbidding the repudia-
