324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
exceeding five years, or by both of said punish-
ments. And the vessel on board which said
person whs received to be carried away shall
be forfeited to the United States.
Approved, May 21, 1866.
Chap. LXXXVII.—An Aet to establish a
Post Route from West Alburg, Vermont,
to Champlain, in the State of New York,
and for other purposes.
Beitenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the railroad bridge
across Lake Champlain at Rouse's Point, con-
necting the Ogdensburg and Lake Champlain •
railroad in the State of New York, with the
Vermont and Canada railroad, in the State of
Vermont, be, and is hereby, declared a lawful
structure, and is, and shall be, recognized and
known as a post route.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Ogdensburg and Lake Champlain Railroad
Company, their successors or assigns, and the
Vermont and Canada Railroad Company, their
successors and assigns, are hereby authorized
to keep up, maintain and use the said bridge,
for the transportation of the mails, and for the
benefit of the general commerce between said
States and the transportation of persons and
property. And in place of the float now in
use forming part of said bridge, they or either
of them may construct and maintain two suita-
ble draws, one of which shall be at least sixty
feet wide, and tlie other at least ninety feet
wide, and which shall always be opened by the
railroad company which constructs the same,
whenever required for the passage of vessels,
except during and for fifteen minutes prior to
the passage of mail trains. And which draws
shall be so constructed and managed as at all
times to afford reasonable and proper facilities
for the passage of vessels : Provided, That this
act shall be subject to amendment or repeal at
the pleasure of Congress.
Apmioved, May 21, 1866.
Chap. LXXXVIII.—An Act amendatory of
"An Act to provide for the Reports of De-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amcricain
Cong I ess assembled, That the reporter of the
decisions ofthe Supreme Court of the United
States shall hereafter be allowed the term of
eight months for the publication of his reports
instead of sis, as provided by the act of August
twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and forty-two.
Approved, May 21, 1866.
Chap. LXXXIX.— An Act to regulate the Time
and fix the Place for holding the Circuit
Court of the United States in the District of
Virginia, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the circuit court of
the United States in the district of Virginia
shall be held at the city of Richmond, com-
mencing oil the first Monday in May and on
the fourth Monday of November, in each year;
aud the said court may adjourn its session,
now authorized, from Norfolk to Richmond,
and there hold the same, and transfer to said
last-named place all records, files, process,
and property pertaining to said court. And
all proceedings and process in or issuing out
of said court, which are, or may be, made
returnable to any other times or places ap-
pointed for holding said court than herein
prescribed, shall be deemed legally returnable
on the days specified and at Richmond, and
not otherwise ; and all suits and otherproceed-
ings in said court which stand continued to
any other time or place shall be deemed con-
tinued to the place and time prescribed by this
act. And special or adjourned terms of said
court may be held at such time and on such
notice as may be ordered and prescribed by
the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States, with the same power and
jurisdiction as at regular terms. And said
court, at any such regular, special, or adjourned
terms, shall have power to issue and enforce
all writs and process, make all orders, and do
all acts necessary for the due administration
of justice and the exercise of their jurisdic-
tion.
Approved, May 22, 1866.
Chap. XC VI. —An Act to incorporate the Acad-
emy of Music of Washington City.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That Max Strakosch, Wil-
liam G-. Pope, MaxMaretzek, W. Gr. Metzerott,
Joseph J. May, B. F. Isherwood, John G.
Clark, Henry C. Sherman, Carl Bergman, and
F. C. Adams, or any five of them, be, and they
are hereby, authorized and empowered to re-
ceive subscriptions to the capital stock of a
company to be denominated "The Academy
of Music of Washington, D. C.," who shall
open a book for that purpose in the city of
Washington, at the time and place to be by
them designated, of which they shall give five
days' notice in two or more of the daily papers
of said city, and shall keep the same open un-
til ten thousand shares of fifty dollars a share
cach shall have been subscribed; and any per-
son of lawful age, and a citizen of the United
States, shall be permitted to subscribe upon
paying five dollars on each share at the time
of subscribing. And it shall be lawful for the
said corporation to have a common seal, sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, and have
and exercise all the rights, privileges, and im-
munities, for the purpose of the corporation
hereby created.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
affairs of the company shall be managed by nine
directors, to be elected annually by ballot on
the first Monday of October, by the stockhold-
ers or by their legally empowered agents; and
each share of stock shall entitle the holders
thereof to one vote; the election to be held at
the office of the company at a general meeting
of the stockholders convened for that purpose
by ten days' public notice in two or more of
the daily papers of the city of Washington:
Provided, That the first election for directors
shall be held pursuant to ten days' notice given
in one or more papers of the city of Washing-
ton, by the persons named in the first section
of this act, or any five of them, who shall des-
ignate the time when and the place where said
election shall be held; and "the stockholders
shall then and there elect nine directors to serve
until the next ensuing election, as provided for
in this act. And at the first ensuing meeting
of the directors after every election they shall
appoint one of their number as president, who,
together with themselves, shall hold office until
the next ensuing election as herein provided
for, and five members of said board shall com-
pose a quorum. And in ease that an election
for directors should not be made when pursu-
ant to this act it should have been made, the
company for that cause shall not be dissolved,
and it shall be lawful within forty days there-
after to hold and make an election for directors
in such manner as the by-laws of the company
may prescribe, and the president and directors
for the time being shall be continued in office
until such election take place. And in the
event of death or resignation, or removal of
any director from office, his place for the re-
mainder of his term may be fillsd by the pres-
ident and directors for the time being, in such
manner as the by-laws may prescribe.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors shall have power to
appoint a secretary and such other officers,
agents, and clerks as may to them appear
proper, to fix their compensation and pay the
same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Capital stock shall be called in and paid in such
installments and proportions, and at such times
and places, as the president and directors for
the time being may require and designate, who
shall give fifteen days' notice thereof in two or
more daily papers of the city of Washington.
And if any stockholders, subscribers, their as-
signees or transferees, shall refuse or neglect
to pay such proportions or installments, at the
time and place appointed, such stockholders,
subscriber, transferee, or assignee shall, at the
option of of the president and directors, for-
feit to the use of the company all his, her, or
their right, title, and interest in and to every
share on which such installment has not been
duly paid; and fresh subscriptions may be
opened for the same, in such manner as the
by-laws may prescribe, or the president and
directors may at their option commence suit
for the same and proceed against the holder of
said stock for the amount of the installment or
proportion so unpaid: Provided, That no stock-
holder or subscriber shall be permitted to vote
at any election for directors, or at any general
or special meeting of the company, on whose
shares any installments or arrearages may be
due more than fifteen days previous thereto.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors for the time being shall
have power to ordain, establish, and put in
execution such rules, regulations, ordinances,
and by-laws as they may deem essential for
the well government of the institution, not
contrary to the laws and Constitution of the
United States or of this act, and generally to
do and perform all acts, matters, and things
necessary to carry out the purposes of this
corporation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors are hereby empowered
and fully authorized, on behalf of the com-
pany, to purchase and hold in fee-simple, or
lease for a term of years, real estate in the
city of Washington sufficient to enable them
to erect thereon a building suitable for oper-
atic, dramatic, and other entertainments, in
such manner, and upon such terms, as may
be by them deemed for the best interests of
the company.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
said company are hereby authorized to borrow
money to an amount not exceeding their capi-
tal stock, upon bonds to be issued by said com-
pany, secured upon their property and_ fran-
chises : Provided, That no bond shall be issued
for a less sum than one hundred dollars, and
bearing a greater rate of interest than seven
per centum per annum.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors shall, from time to
time, divide so much of the profits of said
company as to them may appear advisable,
first deducting all expenses, and pay the same
to the respective stockholders, or their agents
duly empowered to receive the same.
Sec. 0. A nd he it f urther enacted, That the
stock of said company shall be transferred on
the books of the company in such manner only
as the by-laws of the company may direct.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act shall be so construed as
maldng it perpetual, but Congress may at any
time alter, amend, or repeal the same.
Approved, May 24, 18G6.
Chap. XCV1I.—An Act to amend the Charter
of the Washington Gas-Light Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress ass&kbled, That the charter of the
Washington Gas-Light Company be, and the
same is hereby, amended in the third section
by substituting the word "February" for
"January."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
