1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE}.
Mi
tion of tlie national debt. This should lie ap-
proved by the Legislatures of the rebel States,
and any amendments of the constitutions of the
rebel States should be approved by a vote of
the people. The guarantees they have given
in reference to the rights of loyal men and in
reference to the rights of the freedmen are not
enough. Though their conventions acknowl-
edge emancipation to-day, they may call con-
ventions the day after you admit them and fix
their constitutions differently^ or they may so
legislate as to oppress the freedman and make
his condition of freedom more intolerable than
was his condition of slavery.
Then there should be another constitutional
amendment passed requiring and empowering
in express terms the Congress of the United
States to carry out and give effect to every guar-
antee of the Constitution. Heretofore the guar-
antee of a republican form of government has
been a dead letter. I wish Congress, by a con-
stitutional amendment, to furnish power to carry
out every single guarantee of the Constitution,
most especially that provision of the Constitu-
tion guarantying a republican form of govern-
ment to every Slate. The framers of the Con-
stitution, the founders of the Republic, them-
selves recognized the existence of the separate
States with these unrepublican provisions in
their constitutions: but we are required now to
begin anew. Old things are done away, and
all things have become new when four million
people have been suddenly enfranchised in this
our day. You are called upon to admit South
Carolina, for instance. What questions have
you to decide preliminary to that admission?
What conditions precedent to admission exist
in the Constitution ? First, you are to say upon
your oaths and upon your consciences that
South Carolina presents a republican form of
government. Can any man in his sober senses,
reared in the light, of free institutions, in the
middle of the. nineteenth century; can any free
American citizen, with one single impulse or
aspiration of liberty warming liis heart, say that
that State government is republican in form
which disfranchises a majority of its citizens'.'
It is not republican in form according to any
American definition of republicanism. The
freedmen aie citizens of the United .States; not
citizeus under the naturalization law, not citi-
zens by virtue of any treaty, but citizens because
they are born natives to the soil. That makes
them citizens. To fortify this conclusion, let
me read from Mr. Justice Story's Commentaries
on the Constitution':
" It has always boon well understood among jurists
in this country that the citizens of each State con-t i-
tute the body-politic of cacti community, called ' the
people of the States;' and that tho citi'/ens ot etnh
State in the Union are ii^o facto citizens ot the Uni-
ted States."—3 Story, p. 5'55.
Colored men have been for long years citi-
zens in many of the States, and are ipso facto
citizens of any State of the United States into
which they may choose to go. Let me read
another authority:
"The citizens of each State constituted the citi-
zens of the United States when the Constitution was
adopted. Tho rights which appertain to them as cit-
izens of those respective Commonwealths accompa-
nied them in the formation ot the iin*at compound
Commonwealth which ensued. They became citizeus
of tho latter, without ceasing to bo citizens of the
former; and he who was subsequently born a citizen
of a State became at the moment of his birth a citi-
zen of the United States."—Jiawie on the Constitution,
p. 86.
Chancellor Kent is still more explicit on the
present point, for he says distinctly :
" If a slave born in the United States be manumit-
ted, or otherwise lawfully discharged (row bondage, j
or if a black man be born within the United.vStates^ i
and born ficc, he becomes thenceiorward a citizen." j
£2 Kent's Coumimturies, fourth edmou, p. 257, note, j
There is the direct declaration of Chancellor
Kent that the moment the slaves are manu-
mitted they become citizens of the U nited States.
Before manumission they were held as slaves
and treated as chattels; the moment they are
manumitted they become citizens to all intents
.and purposes. I doubt not then, that, this con-
struction of the Constitution is true.
But I was proceeding further to speak in ref-
.earence to the congressional plan of restoration
as considered not as antagonistic but as auxil-
iary to the presidential plan of reconstruction.
We have these various propositions for 'the
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States. Wre have a bill latciy passed by this
body for the enlargement of the powers of the
Freedmen's Bureau, giving protection to the
freedmen whom we are bound to protect. By
the most sacred of all obligations—obligations
of gratitude, duty, and interest—we are bound
to protect them. They are free by the procla-
mation of your President, by the amendment
of your Constitution, by the valor and prowess
and blood poured freely upon the battle-field.
They are free, and it is ours to maintain their
freedom. The bill to enlarge the powers of the
Freedmen's Bureau is one of the most impor-
tant measures in the series of congressional acts
for the restoration of these States, every pro-
vision of it. Then there is another act recently
passed by this body to secure the rights of all
the citizens of the United States where the
grand declaratio'n is made, in affirmance of what
was previously the constitutional enactment.,
that these manumitted slaves become citizens
upon their manumission, and they are now to
all intents and purposes citizens of the United
States. Shall you enfranchise tliem or shall
you hold them asa subject, race'.' You are told,
and told with some confidence, that if you per-
mit them to exercise the right of suffrage you
will invite a war of races which will end in their
extermination. Let us look for a moment to
that proposition.
In all of the thirteen colonies (with the single
exception of South Carolina, whose treason-
able history has mat ked and marred tho annals
of the nation from the revolution downj they
were citizens: they were voters under the con-
stitutions of the States under the Articles of
Confederation; they were votei'S and citizens
in almost every State whose constitution was
formed during or immediately subsequent to
the era of the Revolution. Did any such re-
sults follow? Were there any riots and blood-
shed?
Gentlemen tell us that the cases are not anal-
ogous, because there were but lew and sparse
and scattered populations of blacks in the midst
of a large population of whites in the northern
States where thev were permitted to vote, and
therefore it is not a fair test. I say they were
permitted to vote in North Carolina; they were
declared citizens by the supreme court of that
State. They were permitted to vote in Ten-
nessee. There was no outbreak or insurrec-
tion in cither of those States. If you wish to
avoid a war of races, how can that he accom-
plished? Bv doing light; by fixing your plan
of reconstruction upon the indestructible basis
of truth and justice. What lesson is taught by
history? The grand lesson is taught there that
rebellions and insurrections have grown out of
real or supposed wrong and oppression. A war
of races! And you are told to look to the his-
tory of Ireland, and to the history of Hungary.
Why is it that, revolution and insurrection are
always ready to break out in Hungary? Be- ,
cause, forsooth, the iron rule of Austria has
stricken down the natural rights of the masses.
It is a protest of humanity against tyranny,
oppression, that produces rebellion and revolu-
tion. So in tho bloody history of the Irish
insurrections. Suppose the English Parliament
had given equal lights to the Irish, had enfran-
chised the Catholics in Ireland in the. reign of
llenry VIII, long ere this peace and haunony
would have prevailed between England and
Ireland : but the very fact that a vast portion
of a people are disfranchised sows the seeds of
continual and ever-recurring revolution and
insurrection. It cannot be otherwise. These
insurrections and revolutions, which are but
the protest of our common humanity against
wrong, are one of the scourges in the hands of
Providence to compel men to do just ice and to
observe the right. It is the law of Providence,
written upon every page of history, that God's
vengeance follows man's wrong and oppres-
sion. and it will always be so. if you wish to
avoid a war of races, if you wish to produce har-
mony and peace among these people^ y.ou must
enfranchise them all. ' - , ='
But we are told that they are not now fit to
be voters. Grant it that they are not fit for
voters, and -yhat is the remedy ? What are the
elements which enter into the character of a
man that makes him a fit voter 1 Intelligence'
and love of country. These are the elements,.-
Will you give tho intelligent voter ofthe Soutk
who is a traitor the ballot and deny it the patri-
otic v.oter simply because he ishliackand itinay
be ignorant? There is more safety in ah Unedii--
cated patriotic ballot than there is ill a culti-
vated felon and scoundrel ready to destroy the
Government at every moment by his treason. I
grant that the blacks are unfitted at present
to exercise the right of suffrage. They have
groaned for two hundred years, more than two
centuries, under oppression. It was a crime
for them to learn to read and write ; the word
of God was sealed to them ; they were regarded
as mere property, and- chattels; merchandise
was made of their blood and bones, body and
soul, and their manhood was utterly ignored.
Is it anything strange that they should not be
now as well prepaied to vote as the white citi-
zens? I grant, tliey are not; and my plan of
reconstruction would be this: to pass an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
that after a certain length of time, say One,
two, three, or five years, all persons, black and
white, without any distinction of race or color,
who could read the Constitution of the United
States, should henceforth be voters, not dis-
franchising any now entitled to vote. I would
give these people the inducement, to learn and
to cultivate themselves, and before that amend-
ment took effect 1 would disfranchise the rebel
voter just as long; and when the rebel voter
was allowed to deposit his ballot, I would arm
the freedman with the ballot to meet him. That
is what I would do. This implies delay, and
delay is now what we want. The danger is ol
precipitate action, Delay is now what we need,
fhe inlam m its tiny lingers plays to-day with
a handtull of acorns, but two hundred vcavs
hence, by the efflux of time, those acorns are
the mighty material out of whii^i navies are
built, ille monarch of the forest, defying the
shock of the stoim and the whiilwind. Time
is a mighty agent in all these affairs, and we
should appeal to time. W"e are not ready yet
for a restoration upon rebel votes ; we are not
ready yet for restoration upon colored votes ;
but, thank God, we are willing and able to wait.'
Wo have the Government, we have the Con-
stitution ol' the United Stat.es, we have the
Army and the Navy, the vast moral and mate-
rial power of the Republic. We can enforce
the laws in all the rebel States, and we can keep
the peacc until such time as they may be re-
stored with safety to them and safety to us.
There is another measure of reconstruction
growing directly out of the necessity of the
times, and that is the reconstruction of this
District. I propose to reconstruct this Dis-
trict by voting lor the passage of the House
suffrage bill. I should prefer to vote -for a
qualified suffrage, requiring education. I hope
the Senate will take that view of it; but if the
Senate should not, and I am called to the rug-
ged issue, I shall go straight forward and carry
out the convictions of my own sense of duty,
regardless of opposition upon tho right or on
the left—not exactly regardless, for 1 should
regret to find myself compelled to differ with
friends here and elsewhere, for whose good
opinion I have such high regard; but in this
as in ail other questions I prefer to walk at
peace with-the man within, to satisfy my own
conscience. I have arrived at a time of life
when I only desire to do right and look not to
the consequences. Visions of glory flit less
properly before me; I am not as I have been;
the "airy halls which a young imagination had
peopled with gratified ambition arc now deso-
late. I propose to leave such a record _ as I
shall not blush hereafter when I review it, to
place myself upon the rock of eternal truth,
the rock of the Constitution, the rights of man,
and the rights of our common humanity. Upon
