1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3725
twenty-five per cent, above the rates now fixed
by law; and section fourteen, and all subse-
quent sections, with such changes as previous
modifications may require, if any.
Mr. WILSON, of iowa. Upon that I call
for tlie yeas and nays*
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Wasiibuhne, of Illinois, that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to report, the same
at the next session of Congress with such
modifications or changes as they may see fit
to make.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 87, not voting
83; as follows:
YLAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Benjamin, Bergen, Bromwoll,
Cobb, Cook, T):i\ve-, Det'rees, Donnelly, Driggs, Eg-
£rlc3ton,Eldridge.Eliot,I,arn<swoyth,Farquhar,Fmck,
Giosshrenner, Gridcr, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Henderson, Ilogan, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kasson, Kerr, Laflin, Le Blond, Marshall, McCul-
longh, Moulton, ISliblack, Nicholson, Orth, Phelps,
Puce, Pomeroy, Price, William II. P„andall, Hitter,
Rogers, Itoss, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taber,
Taylor, John L.Thomas,Thornton, Trimble, Kobert
T, Vanllorn, Eiihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—62.
KAYS — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bingham, Lout well,
Buyer, Buekland, Bundy, lieaderW. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Coffroth, Davis, Dawson, Delano, Doming.
Dixon, Dodge, Eckley, Ferry. Garfield, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Harris, Hart, Hayes, lligby, Holmes,
Iloopci, Uotchkies, Chester D. Hubbard, DeraasHub-
bard. John II.Hubbard, James II.Hubbell, Hulburd,
Jenckes,johnson, Kelley, Kelso, Keteham, Latham,
G< or;re V. Laurence, William Lawrence, Longyear,
Mai-sion. Marvin, MoChiys, McXcc, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller. Moorhead. Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell,
O'Xci'il, Fame, Perham, Plants, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice. John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Sehenek, Seoiieid, Shellabargcr, Spalding, Strouse,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Ward, William 13. Washburn. Wel-
ker. Whaley, Williams, Stephen 1:'. Wilson, and W ood-
biiuge—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegce, Broomall, Chanler, Conkling, Cul-
lom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dumont. Goodyear,
Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones,
Kuykendall, Loan, Lynch, Mclndoe, Noell, Patter-
son, It adl'ord, llavmond, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stevens,
Stilwell, Upson, Warner, and Willi:eld—So.
So the motion to recommit with instructions,
as proposed by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passagecf the bill,
Mr. MORRILL called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the bill be
postponed until the first. Monday of December
next.
TheSPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained now, as the main question has been
ordered upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. FINCIv. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—-yeas 95, nays £>2, not voting
35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona, DelosK. Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bingham, Bout-
well, liover, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidnev Clarke, Coifroth, Davi<, Dawes, Dawson, Del-
ano, Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Drigis, Eck-
ley. Eltot, Eerry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale,
Hart, Hayes, Henderson, lligby, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotel/kiss, Chester 1). Hubbard. Demas Hubbard,
John li. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
.1 em kes, Johnson. Keiicy, Kelso, Keteham, Laflin,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
LouK'-ear, Maiston, Marvin, MeCluis, MeKee, Me-
ltiiei-," Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Mvers, Newel). O'Neill, Paine, Patterson. Periia.ro.
Pike Plants, Price, Samuel J. Ranila.il, Alexander
II. Rice, John 11. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schertek,
Scoiicld, Shellabaigcr, Spalding, Stioute, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, V;m Aernam. i.urt
Van Horn, Ward, William B, W ashburu, \V eiker,
"Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wooil-
briage—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Baker, Benja-
min, Bergen, Bromwell, Cobb, Cook, Defrees, Eggle-
ston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Pinek, Gioss-
brenner, Grider, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding,
Harris, Hogan, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Iias-
son, Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, McCuHousrh, Moul-
ton, Niblaek, Nicholson, Orth, Phelps, William If.
Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Taber, Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth, James P.
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—52.
NOT ^VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bea-
man, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Brandegec, Broomall,
Chanler, Conkling, Culiom, Culver. Darling, Denison,
Dumont, Goodyear, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Jones, Kuykendall, Loan, Lynch, Mc-
lndoe, Noell, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Upson, Warner, and
Wmfield—35.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. POMEROY. On this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Wixpield. If
lie'were here he would vote against the bill,
while I should vote for it.
Mr. KETCHAM. My colleague, Mr. Ray-
moxd, is paired on this question with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Broomall.
My colleague, if he were here, wouid vote
against the bill, while Mr. Broomall, if pres-
ent, would vote for it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. My col-
league, Mr. Stilwell, is paired upon this
question with the gentleman from Maine, Mr.
Blaixe. The latter, if present, would vote for
the bill; and my colleague, if he were here,
would vote against it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
just taken : and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The hitler motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED LLLCTWS
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv-
ileged question, and call up the report of the
Committee of Elections upon the case of Fuller
vs. Dawson, from the twenty-first district of
Pennsylvania. I do not desire, of course, that
the House shall proceed with the consideration
of this question at the present time; my inten-
tion is simply that it shall come up as-the unfin-
ished business to-morrow morning immediately
after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Ilouse
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
the House (at fifteen minutes after six o'clock
p. m.) adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the rule
and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. HABDlNG, of Illinois: A petition of peo-
ple of Camp Point, Ada ms county ^Illinois, for abridge
at Quiney, over the Mississippi river.
IN SENATE.
Wedslspay, July 11, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 20th
ultimo, a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury ftr>'nishing a statement of the |
moneys expended by tho United States for the j
various public works of the Government in |
each State and Territory of the Union and in |
the District of Columbia, from the year IbOO ;
down to the close of the yearlstio: which was \
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
petitions and .umioiitals.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of C.
G. Ryman, and others, citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, praying for an increase of the duties on
imported goods, so as to afford better protec-
tion to American industry ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
^Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Walter F. Halleek, late a second lieutenant in
the Veteran Reserve corps, praying that he
may be reinstated in his former position in that
corps, and that he may receive pay and allow-
ances from September G, 1865; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
j! the Militia.
ji _ Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
!j citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for an in-
,' crease of the duty on scrap iron; which was
I referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSONpresented additional pa-
pers in relation to the claim of the University
of the State of Missouri for compensation for
damages done to their property by the military
forces of the United States; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of James
E. Wade, and others, officers of the United
| States Army, praying to be allowed the three
months' pay proper allowed officers of volun-
teers by the act of March 3, 1SC5 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 410) for the relief of Solomon P. Smith,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report in writing; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the me-
morial of James C. Pickett, formerly chari/if
i d'affaires to Peru, praying fortlie passage of a
i resolution authorizing the adjustment of his
| accounts, reported it back with a recommenda-
tion that the petitioner have leave to withdraw
his memorial from the files of the Senate; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John P. Brown,
secretary and dragoman of the legation of the
United States at Constantinople, praying for
compensation for services rendered to the Uni-
ted Statefin tho capacity of charge d'affaires
ad interim, reported it back with a recommen-
dation that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from the
files of the Senate; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (IT. R. No. 615) legalizing marriages, and
for other purposes, in the District of Columbia,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 384) to incorporate
the Washington Land and Building Company
of the District of Columbia, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred the following petitions and memorial,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration; which was agreed to:
Two petitions of citizens of Mercer county,
New Jersey, who were mustei-ed into the ser-
vice of the United States in the years 1861,
1862, and 1863, praying for the balance of the
bounty which they allege to be due them ;
A petition of officers of tho Army, stationed
in Texas, praying for a renewal of the law au-
thorizing an increase in the commutation of
officers' rations;
A petition of Edmund F. Prentiss, of the
i second Rhode Island infantry, praying for a
j bounty of $100:
! A petition of Edward Jenkins, of the fourth
| regiment United States colored troops, praying
for a bounty;
A petition of Samuel Redheld, praying that
the soldiers of the war of 181i! may be included
in the bill for the equalization of bounties to
soldiers:
A petition of Henry Hofen, praying for a
bounty;
