1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©MBS.
provision ia relation to this amendment, au-
thorizing Congress to enforce it by appropriate
legislation.
Therefore, Mr. President it was to me a
matter_ of congratulation that the Judiciary
Committee, of which ray honorable friend from
Illinois is chairman, engaged in the work of
endeavoring to provide appropriate legislation
to enforce this constitutional amendment. No
person can have any higher opinion than is
entertained by myself of the patriotism, of the
great intelligence, and the great earnestness of
those members of our body who constitute the
Judiciary Committee. I'always have respect
to their opinions. While this measure was
upon its passage, I took no part in its discus-
sion except upon a single point in relation to
the Indian tribes. The bill passed, and the
final vote was taken when I was not present in
the Senate; but it was not under such circum-
stances that had I been here I should not have
voted for the bill. I have no doubt that if I
had been present I should have voted for it.
My attention was not drawn very earnestly to
the consideration of all the provisions of this
bill until the bill had passed from the Senate
and had gone to the House of Representatives,
when the speeches of Mr. Bingham, of Ohio,
and of Mr. Dfxano. of Ohio, both able and dis-
tinguished lawyers of that State, arrested my
attention and called me very carefully to the
consideration of the great questions which are
involved in the bill. The bill was passed by
the House of Representatives: it went to the
President. From the fat I thai it was not signed
and returned to this body at once and from all
I heard* I became satisfied that at least, if the
bill was not to be returned with objections, it
was being withheld for most eamcstand serious
consideration by the Executive.
Then, Mr. President, it was, in view of all
that had occurred, what had been said by gen-
tlemen in whom I had the utmost, f may say
unbounded confidence., that I began to look
into this measure and to study it for myself.
It is not my purpose now to go into a discus-
sion of the provisions of this bill any further
than to say that there are pro\ isions in it upon
which the judgments of the best patriots, the
best jurists, the most earnest men disagree.
There are men in whom I have entire confi-
dence who maintain that all its provisions are
within the purview of the Constitution: there
are others in whom I have confidence, and
equal confidence, who maintain directly the
contrary; and this has brought me seriously
to consider whether there be no common
ground upon which friends can stand and stand
together. Sir, 1 may have failed to find it:
but if J have it is not because I have not most
earnestly sought for it with some days of study
and most earnest reflection. I have endeav-
ored to put upon paper what I believe would
carry this constitutional provision into effect
and yet would be a common ground on which
we could unite without violating the conscien-
tious convictions of any.
Now, Mr. President, I bog for a moment to
call attention to the bill I have drawn with this
view. The title is "A bill to provide appro-
piiatc legislation to enforce article thirteen of
the amendments to the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery in the United States." There can
be no objection to its title ; it is borrowed from
the very language of the Constitutition itself:
it embodies almost the second clause of the
amendment. The bill commences with a re-
cital, in brief terms, of the adoption of this
great amendment:
"Whereas slavery or involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted, has been abolished n$id
prohibited by article thirteen of the amendments to
the Constitution, lately ratified and adopted by the
Legislatures of three fourths of all.thc States within
thn "Union, which amendment is in the words fol-
lowing, namely:
"Article XIII.
"Sec. 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except us a punishment for crime whereol the
party shall have been duly convicted, shall exi^t
within the United States or anyplacc subject to their
jurisdiction.
"Sbc. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce thfe
article by appropriate legislation
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Nome of Representa-
tives of the United titatez of America inCongrm as-
tcmOled, That all persons ncrctoforo held to slavery
or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
crime whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed under tho laws of an.v State of the United
States, or of any of tho Territories thereof, are hereby
declared to be freo persons, and they and their de-
scendants shall be, and remain forever, free from
slavery or involuntary servitude, except in punish-
ment for ciime whereof tho party shall have fc>een
duly convicted, anything in any law, statute, regula-
tion, custom, or constitution of any State or Territory
to tho contrary notwithstanding.
Sec, 2. And be it further cnacted, That all laws and
customs having the force of law in anyState or Ter-
ritory hoi etofore or hcreatter establishing, rooognix-
in?, maintaining, or regulating the right of property
in slaves, or tho relations of master and slave, are
hereby declared to be abrogated and abolished.
Sec. 3. And be it .further enacted. That auy person
who shall unlawfully, and in violation of the said
thirteenth amendment to the Constitution, and of
the provisions of this act, restrain, or cause to be re-
strained of his or her liberty, with inteat to subject,
or cause to be subjected, or to hold, or to cause to be
held, to service as a slave, orinvoluntaryservant, any
person, shall bo deerfied sruilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction shall be punished by fine not exceed-
ing frl,000, or imprisonment not exceeding one year,
or both, in the discretion of the court.
In reference to these clauses there is and I
think there can be on the part of any person
no objection whatever. I come now to read
the fourth section, which perhaps is the more
important section of the bill:
Si:c. 4. And b<- it further eauct^d, That any person
who shall unlawfully, and in violation of the pro-
visions of the said thirteenth amendment to theCon-
stituuon and the piovisions of this act, restrain or
cau*e to be restrained of his or her liberty, with intent
to hold or cause to be held to her vice as a slave or in-
voluntary servant, any person who has heretofore
been held to t-iavery or involuntary servitude under
th<> laws of any State or Territory, and has been
emancipated by the said thiiteenth amendment to
the Constitution,commonly called a frecdin.m, shall,
in addition to the painsunu penalties provided in the
la*t precodingseetion of this act, bo liableto be pros-
ecuted by the peison liijuied, who shall be entitled
to recover the sum of $1,000, in additi-onto all dam-
ages sustained by such person, together with the costs
of the pro^rution i -and m case any such I'reedman
shall, as party to ufjy &uit or legal proceeding, civil
or criminal, in the courts of the State or Territory
where he may reside, be denied any right secured by
article thirteen of amendments to the Constitution,
he hliall hvivc a light to remove the said cause or
proceeding into the district or circuit courts of the
United States, which shall thereafiei Uikeeo'gim.anee
ot the same, under such lule.s as may irom tune to
time be adopted by such court,- and the .said  SInto
torn Is theieupon shall have no power to proceed
fuither iu said cuuac oi piocecding.
Here is a power enforcing the language of the
Constitution, guarantying-all the rights which
this constitutional amendment gi\es; and if
these rights, whatever they may be, (and to
the decision of the judicial tribunals you conic
at last,) according to the decisions of the courts
of the United Slates, ample protection isgivtfn
if any such right is denied in the court of any
State or Territory. * And it provides further:
And the said district or circuit courts ahall also be
empowered by writs ol wtuudainuH and prohibition
to stay all fuither proceedings in the State courts, or
under any .judgment or decree oi the same, until tho
same bha.ll be linn !l> determined in the courts of the
United States; andthesanl district and circuit courts
shall have power, by writs ot imbeds corpus, inan-
df/tiiuff, prohibitions, and certiorari, or other writs or
process, to take cognisance of the rights secured by
said amendment to the Constitution to such treed-
man, and to adjudge, decree, and enforce what shall
bo right in the premises, anything in any law, stat-
ute. custom, or regulation in any State or Territory
notwithstanding.
Mr. President, the bill goes farther, and
adopts tho language of a bill which has already
been presented, and 1 think has passed this
body and U pending in the House of Heprc-
senlatives. namely:
Sec. And he it fnrtherenacted, That it any person
shall kidnap or carry away any other person, whether
nojno, mulatto, or otherwise, with the intent that
suc.r other person shall be sold or carried into invol-
■untaiy servitude, or heldas a slave; or if any peipon
sdiull <>ntice,peijuade, or knowingly induce any other
person to go on board any vessel or to any other place,
: with the intent that he or she shall be made or held
| as a slave, or sent out of the country to bo so made
I or held, or shall in any way knowingly aid in causing
i auy other peison to be held, sold, or carried away, to
| be held or sold as aslave.heor she.-hali be punished,
on c onvit rion thereof, by a fine of not less than $o00
nor more than ^5,000, or by imprisonment notexeeed-
ing hvo j ears, or by both ot said punishments.
The sixth section provides:
That if the master or owners, or person having-
 „    
person, whether.negro,-mulatto, or otherwise,rwith
the knowledge or intent that such person shall be
carried from £ny State; Territory, or -of the
United States, to a foreign country,-Sta?fcfe,;or p3&ee« 
to bo held or sold as a slave, or shall carry awa
any State, Territory, or distidct of the tJnitftd' states
any such person, with the intent that he or sHe snaJJ
be so held orsold'as a slave, such master, owneryor
other person offending shall be punished, by a an©
not exceeding $5,000 nor loss than $50Q, or by impris-
onment not exceeding five years, or by both of said
punishments. And the vessel .on board 'whi saM
person was received to bo carried away shall hi for-*
felted to the United States.
The seventh section provides:' ;"
That tho district courts of the United States, with-
in their re&pcctive districts, shall have eognizanee
of all crimes and ofi'^nses committed against tile
provisions of this act, and also, concurrently with
the circuit courts of the United States, of all civil
causes under this act. Tho jurisdiction in civil 4nd
criminal matters hereby conferred on the district and
circuit courts of the United States shall be exercised
and enforced in conformity with the laws of the Uftif
ted States, so far as such laws are suitable to carry
the same into effect. " '
This language is borrowed from the bill no,w
pending before the Senate, to a very .consider-
able extent, with tins provisio'nacld6$: „ ,
But in all cases where such laws are not adapted to
the object, or are deficient in the provisions "acces-
sary to furnish suitable remediesand punish offeiises
against law, thecommon law, as modified and changed
by the constitution and statutes of the State wherein
the court having jurisdiction of-the cause, civil,ot
criminal, is held, so far as the same is not inconsistent
with tho Constitution and laws of tho United States,
shall be extended to and govern said courts in the
trial and disposition of such caufio, and, if of a crimi-
nal nature, iu the infliction of punishment on the
party found guilty: Provided, That nothing herein
contained bhall movent any State or Territory from
providing? bylaw lor the trial and punishment,itrthd
courts of such State or Territory, of any person who
may be adjudged under the laws thereof to be guilty
ot ialse imprisonment or kidnaping, or prevent any
person from bringing a prosecution in such courts to
recover damages sustained by him by reason of such
false imprisonment or kidnaping, under the laws of
such State or Territory.
The eighth section provides:
Sec. 8. And beit farther enacted, Thatthedistrictat-
tornoys, marshals, and deputy marshals of the United
States, and the commissioners appointed by the cir-
cuitand territorial courtsot the united States, in case
any person heretofore held to slavery or involuntary
servitude, commonly called a freedman, shall be re-
strained of his liberty by any person, with intent, in
violation of the thirteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution and of the provisions of this act, to subject
him to slavery or involuntary servitude, shall, at the
expense ol the United States, apply immediately lor
the writ of hobcit* corpus to bring such freed<ma-ti be-
fore the propercourtor oftieer, to the end thatspeedy,
justice may be douc in the premises.
With a provision punishing marshals and
deputy marshals for refusing to execute pro*
cesses, and with a provision at the end of the
bill, in section twelve— ;
That final decrees and judgments in all cases aris-
ing under the provisions of this actlnay be reexam-
ined and reversed oi allirmed in the Supreme Court,
upon writ of error issued as now provided by law iu
other cases: Provided, That no such review shall be
had except upon tho certificate of the judge presiding
upon the trial or hearing that tho constitutionality
of some law or proceeding under tho authority of the
United States or of this act has been drawn in ques-
tion on such trial or hearing.
Now, Mr. President, for myself I very much
wish that it were in my power to induce our
friends upon the Committee on the J udiciarv to
take this bill, but I am not particularly wedded
to the exact language or form contained in it,
and they may prepare a bill which will avoid
the objections which have been raised by men
not only in this body but in the other House,
and the objections which have been raised by
the President ol' the United States to the bill
now ponding. For myself no man desires more
strongly than I do to preserve the relations of
amity between the Executive of the United
States and-Congress. No man would go te-
ther or struggle harder to preserve that amity,
or to restore it if it has been in any measure
broken or destroyed. X deem it most essential
to the welfare of this country that the Execu-
tive of the United States and the Congress
should be in accord with each other. The
present Executive will occupy his position for
almost three years to come, and during those
three years of eventful history in this country
this Republic will live or die. Sir, hardly dur-
ing any three years of the rebellion were more
momentous questions pending than are pending-
