1806
THE .CONGRESSIOML GLOBE.
April 6,
now. I for one am willingto labor, and I have
been from the beginning, to prevent any appar-
ent collision between Congress and the Presi-
dent. I foresaw or thought I foresaw the ele-
ments at work which might result in this conflict,
from the beginning of the session, ay, from
before the beginning. I strove to avoid it; I will
strive on; I strive to do it still; but I say to
our friends in all kindness and in all sincerity
that the way to avoid these conflicts is not to
treat the executive branch of the Government
as if it were in hostility to us, as a department
with whom we were unwilling to consult, with
whom we are unwilling to treat. That is not
the way to treat the Executive elected by our-
selves, placed at the head of our Administra-
tion to lead our Administration in this crisis.
Mr. President, I shall, as I have said, not go
into any lengthy discussion, for I have no dis-
position to take up the time of the Senate.
Some remarks, however, have been made oh
this and on a former ocsasion by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] which challenge for
the moment mypassing consideration. There
are many things in the Senator from Ohio
which I very muck admire. While we have
sometimes differed, warmly, earnestly differed,
I say in all sincerity that I have never had
occasion to question his patriotism, his love
of country, his desire to accomplish the well-
being of his common country and of every part
of it. I say, sir, that while there are some
thingsin which I disagree with him very widely,
there are some things in him that I very much
admire, and above all his entire frankness. In
answer to a speech which I made on a former
occasion, the honorable Senator from Ohio
went on to say that he found fault not so much
with what I did say as with what I did not say;
and he went on further to speak of the Execu-
tive and his policy, accrediting to him his belief
in his entire patriotism and saying that what
the President had done, he had done well; the
only fault he found with him was that he had
not taken one step further in the process of
reconstruction. The Senator said that Presi-
dent Johnson had followed in the footsteps of
President Lincoln : he had improved upon the
policy adopted by President Lincoln ; and had
Mr. Johnson but taken one step further, his
whole reconstruction-policy would have been
complete. - So now, sir, when this civil rights
bill is pending, the honorable Senator from
Ohio at once steps forward and speaks out, and
what does he say? Very little about the civil
rights bill; not that he regards that of so much
importance as the reconstruction policy of the
Administration in relation to the southern
States. Now. on this subject of reconstruction,
the honorable member from Ohio and myself
have differed this session and on a former occa-
sion, and I wish briefly to call to the mind of
that honorable Senator some facts in relation
to this reconstruction policy.
•In the first place, Mr. Lincoln, as early as
18G3, came forward with this reconstruction
policy. He submitted his proposition to his
Cabinet and every member of his Cabinet fully
indorsed it, every part and parcel of it. We
know wlio were then the members of the Cab-
inet; that the present Chief Justice was then a
very prominent member of the Cabinet of Mr.
Lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt my friend
just there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. J think the Senator is mis-
taken when he supposes that the Chief Justice
gave his consent to any proposition, which was
not founded on universal suffrage; and I think
if he pushes his inquiry a little further, he will
find that the first proposition submitted by
President Lincoln and which had the approba-
tion of the Chief Justice was founded substan-
tially on universal suffrage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The authority which I
have for making the statement I do was the
language of Mr. Lincoln, used in his speech
three days before his assassination, in the city
of Washington, in which he said that his plan
of reconstruction was submitted to his Cabinet
and approved by every member of it—to quote
his words, "every part and parcel of it."
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is right.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly he said that.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator perhaps is
not aware that that very statement of President
Lincoln drew a letter from the Chief Justice,
who was then holding court at Baltimore, which
President Lincoln received on the morning
before his death, in which the Chief Justice
made the important correction to which I now
call the attention of the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection, of
course, that the honorable Senator should state
that, if the Chief Justice has made such a cor-
rection. I only state my authority, which is the
speech of Mr. Lincoln on that occasion.
Mr. SUMNER. The letter is in print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin has it by him, I hope he will read that
part of the speech of the President to which he
refers. I think he will find that there is a qual-
ification wherein the President says that his
Cabinet agreed with him, except that one mem-
ber of the Cabinet wished him to strike out that
part in which ho stated that he had no right to
determine when members should be admitted
into Congress. I think if he will look into it,
he will find that there is that exception, so that
he is mistaken in supposing it was unanimous.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
will pardon me; I remember it distinctly. I
have quoted the exact language of Mr. Lincoln,
in which he said that every part and parcel of
that policy was submitted to the Cabinet and
approved by every member. If there has been
any correction of that statement, as stated by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, it
has failed to attract my notice. That, however,
is not very material to the issue. This policy,
I say, was entered upon at that time.
Mr. TR UMB ULL. I happen to have before
me an extract from the speech of Mr. Lincoln
on that occasion, in which after stating what
the Senator from Wisconsin has related, that it
was submitted to his Cabinet and approved by
every one of them, he proceeded to say:
"One of them suggested that I should then and in
that connection apply the emancipation proclama-
tion to the theretofore excepted partsof Virginia and
Louisiana; that I should drop the suggestion about
apprenticeship for freed people, and that I should
omit the protest against my own power m regard to
the admission of membors of Congress; but even he
approved every part and parcel of the plan which has
since been employed t>r touched by the action of
Louisiana."
That was the report of it, and I never heard
it disputed.
.Mr. DOOLITTLE. All approved every
part and parcel of the policy of reconstruc-
tion, and he says one member of the Cabinet
desired him to omit a portion in relation to
representatives in Congress.- Now, what Mr.
Lincoln said upon that subject as to repre-
sentatives in Congress was precisely what Mr.
Johnson has said. This draws me a little from
the thread of my remarks, bat I may as well
make this statement now. It is precisely what
Mr. J ohnson has, as I understand him, in every
message and every speech always maintained.
Mr. Lincoln said in the very plan he then pro-
posed that each House was to be the judge of
the admission of its own members. Those
words are contained in the proclamation ; I
know they are ; my friend can examine it and
see. Mr. Lincoln says that the reorganized
State governments shall be recognized by
the Executive Government, but iu substance
nothing herein contained shall be construed to
affect the right of Congress, each House for
itself, to judge of the returns, elections, and
qualifications of its members. That is the very"
language concerning which it is said that one
of the Cabinet ministers desired to have it
changed, but it remains.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He says here as I quoted
him 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This point is not very
material to the one I am discussing, but I have
110 objection to be corrected.
Mr, TlUj-MRriLL. Tin- language f'think is
this—but if the Senator has it he will read the
very words.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not quoted the
whole 'proclamation. The proclamation was
issued December 8, 1863.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has the
speech; will he be good enough to read all that
part wherein he speaks of the plan submitted?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He says :
"In the annual message of 1863 and accompanying
proclamation I presented a plan of reconstruction,
as the phrase goes, which I promised, if adopted by
any State, should be acceptable to and sustained by
the executive Government of the nation."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read- a little further.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not got all the
speech, but only another extract. Here is
another extract:
"This plan was in advance submitted to the then
Cabinet and distinctly approved by every member
of it."
Then in another part of the speech he says:
"Every part and parcel of the plan which has since
been employed or touchcd by the action of Louisi-
ana."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed the Senator
had the whole speech.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In that speech the Pres-
ident said, also, that he distinctly repudiated—
I do not think he used that word—the right to
determine when or whether members should
be admitted into Congress. This, I believe,
is the language:
"I always distinctly protested that the President
claimed no right to say when or whether members of
Congress should be admitted to seats."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; and in the
proclamation he uses the language which I
have quoted, that while he pledges the support
of the executive Government to the States thus
reorganized or reconstructed, he expressly says
that this is not to be construed as in any way
affecting the right or power of Congress—each '
House for itself to judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its members.
Now, Mr. President, let us go a step fur-
ther. Under this proclamation, proceedings
were taken in the States of Louisiana, Arkan-
sas, and Tennessee. Mr. Johnson, thepresent
incumbent of the executive office, resigned, his
seat in this Chamber to go home to Tennessee,
under the direction of Mr. Lincoln, to recon-
struct or reorganize the State government there,
A friend has handed me the proclamation of
Mr. Lincoln. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Illinois to this language:
"To avoid misunderstanding, it may be proper to
say that this proclamation, so far as it relates to State
governments, has no reference to States wherein loyal
State governments have all the while been main-
tained. And for the same reason, it may be proper
to further say, that whether members sent to Con-
gress from any State shal t be admitted to seats con-
stitutionally rests exclusively with the respective
Houses, and not to' any extent with the Executive."
I undertake to say that there is not a word
to be found in any speech or letter or docu-
ment coming.from the present Executive, or so
far as I know, from any person who upon this
floor or the floor of the other House has main-
tained the policy of reconstruction favored by
the Executive, who has not always held that
each House had the right to judge for itself,
not merely of the form of credentials, not
merely of the regularity of the returns, but
whether the States were m a condition to elect,
the Senate judging for itself if there was a legis-
lature capable of electing Senators, and the
House of Representatives whether the several
districts and each district for itself were in a
condition to elect Representatives.
But, Mr. President, I do not propose to go
into the argument of that question. That is
not in the line of discussion which I proposed
to myself to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
me a word. I never heard anybody in either
House c>f Congress dispute that each House
was to judge for itself of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members. It is
a universally admitted axiom by everybody;
but I undertake to say further, that nobody
ever denied until reeenilv that neither House
