326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess."
Laics of the United States.
money for and in behalf of any person entitled
to a pension shall, before receiving said money,
take and subscribe an oath, to be filed with the
pension agent, and by him to be transmitted,
with the vouchers now required by law, to the
proper accounting officer of the Treasury, that
he has no interest in said money by any pledge,
mortgage, sale, assignment, or transfer, and
that he does not know or believe that the same
has been so disposed of to any person; and
any person who shall falsely take the said oath
shall be guilty of perjury, and, on conviction,
shall be liable to the pains and penalties of
perjury.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall present or cause to be pre-
sented at any pension agency any power of
attorney, or other paper required as a voucher
in drawing a pension, which paper shall bear
a date subsequently to that on which it was act-
ually signed or executed, such person so offend-
ing shall be deemed guilty of a high misde-
meanor, and shall, on conviction thereof, be
punished by a fine not exceeding five hundred
dollars, or by imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three years, or by both, at the dis-
cretion of the court before whom sueh convic-
tion shall be had, and no sum of money due,
or to become due, to any pensioner under the
laws aforesaid, shall be liable to attachment,
levy or seizure by or under any legal or equi-
table process whatever, whether the same re-
mains with the Pension Office or any officer or
agent thereof, or is in course of transmission to
the pensioner entitled thereoto; but shall inure
wholly to the benefit of such pensioner.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no
claim agent or other person shall hereafter
charge or receive more than twenty-five cents
for preparing the papers necessary to enable
a pensioner to receive a semi-annual payment
of his pension, nor shall any pension agent
charge or receive more than fifteen cent3 for
administering an oath to a pensioner, or his
attorney in fact, under a penalty of five dollars
in each case.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion one of an act entitled "An act supple-
mentary to the several acts relating to pen-
sions," approved March three, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if
any person entitled to an invalid pension has
died since March four, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, or shall hereafter die while an ap-
plication for such pension is pending, and after
the proof has been completed, leaving no widow
and no minor child under sixteen years of age,
his heirs or legal representatives shall be enti-
tled to receive the accrued pension to which
the applicant wotfld have been entitled had the
certificate been issued before his death.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases when a commission shall have been
regularly issued to any person in the military
or naval service who shall have died or been
disabled while in the line of duty, after the
date of such commission, and before being
mustered, such officer or other person entitled
to a pension for such death or disability by
existing laws shall receive a pension corre-
sponding to his rank, as determined by such
commission, the same as if he had been mus-
tered : Provided, That this section shall not
apply to any officer who shall have willfully
neglected or refused to be so mustered.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That offi-
cers absent on sick leave, and enlisted men
absent on sick furlough, shall be regarded in
the administration of the pension laws in the
same manner as if they were in the field or
hospital.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
period of service of all persons entitled to the
benefits of the pension laws, or on account of
whose death any person may become entitled
to a pension, shall be construed to extend to
the time of disbanding the organization to
which such persons belonged, or until their
actual discharge for other cause than the ex-
piration of the service of sueh organization.
Seo. 10. And be it further enacted, That
enlisted men employed as teamsters, wagoners,
artificers, hospital stewards, farriers, saddlers,
and all other enlisted men, however employed
in the service of the Army or Navy, not spe-
cifically mentioned in the first section of an act
entitled '' An act to grant pensions,'' approved
July fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
shall be regarded, in the administration of the
pension laws, as non-commissioned officers or
privates.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That if
any officer, soldier, or seaman shall have died
of wounds received or of disease contracted in
the line of duty in the military or naval service
of the United States, leaving a widow and a
child or children under the age of sixteen
years, and it shall be duly certified under seal,
by any court having probate jurisdiction, that
satisfactory evidence has been produced before
such court that the widow aforesaid has aban-
doned the care of such child or children, or is
an unsuitable person, by reason of immoral
conduct, to have the custody of the same, then
no pension shall be allowed to such widow until
said minor child or children shall have become
sixteen years of age, any previous enactment
to the contrary notwithstanding; and the minor
child or children aforesaid shall be pensioned
in the same manner aa if no widow had sur-
vived the said officer, soldier, or seaman, and
such pension may be paid to the regularly
authorized guardian of such minor or minors.
Seo. 12. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion four of an act entitled "An act to grant
pensions," approved Juty fourteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, is hereby so amended
that the provisions thereof shall apply to and
include the orphan brother or brothers, as
well as sister or sisters, under sixteen years
of ago, and the father as well as mother of a
deceased officer or other person named in sec-
tion one of the above entitled act, who were
dependent upon him for support in whole or
in part, subject to the same limitations and
restrictions.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this or any other act shall be so
construed as to repeal or modify the sixth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act supplementary
to 'An act to grant pensions,' approved July
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,"
approved July fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, or to entitle a person to receive
more than one pension at the same time, and
in every case in which a claim for pension
shall not have been filed within three years
after the discharge or decease of the party on
whose account the claim is made, the pension,
if allowed, shall commence from the date of
filing the last paper in said case by the party
prosecuting the same.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
fourteenth section of an act entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
grant pensions,' approved July fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two," approved
July fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and that
the widows and children of colored soldiers
and sailors who have been or maybe hereafter
killed, or who have died or may hereafter die
of wounds received or of disease contracted in
the military or naval service of the United
States, and in the line of duty, shall be entitled
to receive the pensions, bounty, and back pay
provided by law, without ether evidence of
marriage than proof, satisfactory to the Com-
missioner of Pensions, that the parties had
habitually recognized each other as man and
wife, and lived together as such; and the chil-
dren born of any marriage so proved shall be
deemed and taken to be the children of the
soldier or sailor party thereto.
Approved, June 6, I860.
Chap. CX.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any mbney in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians, one hundred and fifty-four thou-
sand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, four thou-
sand five hundred and sixty-one dollars.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' ser-
vants, one hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For current and ordinary expenses, fifty-
eight thousand dollars.
For increase and expense of library, two
thousand dollars.
For expenses of Board of Visitors, three
thousand dollars.
For forage for artillery and cavalry horses,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For horses for artillery and cavalry practice,
one thousand dollars.
For repairs of officers' quarters, five thou-
sand dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery prac-
tice, five'hundred dollars.
For furniture for cadets' hospital, one hun-
dred dollars.
For gas-pipes, gasometers, and retorts, three
hundred dollars.
For reflooring academic buildings and bar-
racks, six thousand dollars.
For the purchase of fuel for warming mess-
hall, shoemakers' and tailors' shops, two thou-
sand dollars.
For materials for quarters for subaltern offi-
cers, three thousand dollars.
For continuing the erection of memorial
tablets and mural monuments to deceased offi-
cers of the regular Army, and of volunteers:
arranging and preserving trophies of war; and
marking with proper inscriptions the guns cap-
tured duringthe rebellion, five thousand dollars.
For enlarging and improving the cemetery,
and for repairing the inclosure thereof, five
thousand dollars.
For the removal to a safe place, and recon-
struction of the magazine, ten thous&nd dollars.
For ventilating and heating the barracks and
other academic buildings; improving the appa-
ratus for cooking for the cadets; repairing the
hospital buildings, including the introduction
of baths for the sick; the construction of water-
closets in the library building; and new furni-
ture for the recitation rooms, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the removal and enlargement of the gas-
works, six thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no
person who has served in any capacity in the
military or naval service of the so-called con-
federate States during the late rebellion shall
hereafter receive an appointment as a cadet at
the Military or Naval Academy.
Approved, June 8, 1866.
Chap. CXI.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for Contingent Expenses of the House of
Representatives of the United States, for the
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated:
For miscellaneous items, ten thousand dol-
lars.
