1866.
THE QOmmSSlOMAh &LOTS-
  Vt
had the right to determine whether a State
organization existed or not. The Senator from
Wisconsin repeatedly voted that none of these
States was entitled to vote for President or to
have representation at all until Congress, and
not each House, had decided whether it was
entitled to be represented. His vote is on the
record over and over again ; he voted for the
resolution that electoral votes should not be
counted; he voted for a proposition which was
put on as an amendment in this body to what
was known as the reconstruction bill, in which
it was directly affirmed that until a law of Con-
gress should be passed, and a proclamation of
the President should be issued in pursuance of
that law of Congress, 110 State that had been
in rebellion should be entitled to representa-
tion. It was his own vote, and that doctrine
was never denied until very recently.
Mr. DOOLIT'L'LE. I have no doubt we all
voted that during the rebellion they should not
•«tre represented.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg my friend to
excuse me ; I cannot yield any further, This
is on an incidental point entirely, and is not a
question in the line of my argument. If I am
to be interrupted continually 1 prefer to sur-
render the floor altogether.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely wish to correct
what I supposed to be a misapprehension on the
part of the honorable Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will simply say to my
honorable friend from Michigan that^ 1 desire
to treat him with all courtesy,, but this is not.
a question connected with the thread of my
argument, and I desire to pass on to other
points and other topics.
T was speaking of the history ot this recon-
struction policy, and saying what had been
done in fact. I said that Mr. Johnson, then
a Senator in this body, resigned his position
■ here to go homo to the State of Tennessee for
the very purpose of carrying out the recon-
struction policy of Mr. Lincoln. ^ He was ap-
pointed military governor of Tennessee for
that purpose, and he acted in that capacity.
He organized, or aided in the reorganization
of the State government of Tennessee, and
had been engaged in that business lor a year
and a half before the nominations were made
for President and Vice President in 1804. Mr.
Lincoln having adopted that policy, and hav-
ing acted upon it, was renominated as Presi-
dent of the United States, that being a part
and parcel of his policy and of his Adminis-
tration as much as any other. I know that
when in the convention at Baltimore the prop-
osition was made to have delegates from Ten-
nessee admitted, it was objected in that con-
vention that Tennessee was not a State in this
Union, that she had no right to representation
in the national convention ; and when Mr.
Johnson was proposed as Vice President he
was objected to for the same reason. But the
convention, then representing the people of
the United States, representing the great Union
Republican party, renominated Mr. Lincoln,
and nominated Mr. Johnson, because, among
other reasons, Mr. Johnson had been engaged
to the satisfaction of the people whom tliey
represented, in this great work of recoustruc-
■Sir, to arrest the progress and policy of this
work of reconstruction, we know that, two
prominent members in both Houses oi Con-
gress issued a protest to the country against
this policy of reconstruction after the nomi-
nation had taken place. But did it, arrest, the
current of events? Did it prevent the great,
mass of the people from indorsing, sustaining,
and reaffirming that policy in the election of
Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Johnson? _ .Not at all.
It was like dropping a pebble into a great
stream, a momentary ripple and the current
flowed on.
Mr. Lincoln and Johnson were elected 1 res-
ident and Vicc President oi the United States.
This policy was continued as a partand parcel
of the policy of our Republican Administration.
Louisiana a year ago was organized and pre-
sented to the two Houses of Congress her
representatives. How were they received by
the Senate of the United States,? Our Judi-
ciary Committee reported, that Louisiana was
properly organized and entitled to representa-
tion. They reported a resolution to that effect.
It came up for action in this body near the close
of the session, I think as late as the 1st' day of
March. How was the proposition received
here then by the groat mass of the Republican
Senators on this floor? My honorable friend
from Illinois will remember very well that when
the night was fixed and agreed upon on which
the question was to be taken, every member of
the Republican party but six on this floor was in
favor of action, and action then, and that there
was a clear, unquestioned majority, and a large
majority, in this body, notwithstanding at that
time those who claimed to represent the Dem-
ocratic party on this floor opposed the recog-
nition of Louisiana 
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator on that point. I think the Senator is in
error in stating that there was any agreement
to vote on that occasion. There was no such
agreement, according to my recollection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was no agree-
ment of those particular persons, for they would
not agree.
Mr. CONNESS. There was no agreement
of the Senate, as Agreements are commonly
made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was a general
understanding that oil that night wc would take
up the question and take the vote. _ At all events,
we made a struggle on the question.
Mr. CONNESS. That will do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will remem-
ber very well what the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] and others said oil this
floor, that they would talk out the session
rather than permit us to come to a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will pardon
me, I onlv interrupted him that, his statement
might be correct.. In the ordinary acceptation,
when an agreement to vote is made, it is by
public understanding in the Senate. _ There was
no such understanding on the occasion alluded
to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 am not talking about,
that agreement now. I am talking about the
struggle we had hero to come to a vote, and 1
say that when the struggle was to come to_a
vote on this question, there were but six
Republican Senators on this floor wlio were
opposed to coming to a vote ; and it was the
determination of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who remem-
bers well what he said, and of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and one or two
others, to use all the parliamentary _tacties of
opposition to prevent a vote, even if thereby
the remaining time of the_ session was .con-
sumed and the appropriation bills lost that
defeated it. I undertake to say that this body,
as a body of Republican Senators, indorsed
and sustained the policy of reconstruction
adopted by Mr. Lincoln as late as March one
year ago. These are facts that cannot be
denied.
Congress adjourned on the 4th ot March,
ISGo, and as this was the state of the case in
the Senate of the United States, Mr. Lincoln
had a right to believe, and did believe, that
a majority of his friends were with him on tne
great question of reconstruction ; and it was
for that reason that ho told the Senators-elect
from Louisiana, who publish the statement
over their own hands, " Persevere, Louisiana
will be recognized by the next Congress, and
you will be admitted to your scats.lime
passed on; victories were won; Richmond
taken. Mr. Lincoln, but three days before Ins
death, gave expression to this policy, and m
a speech which I think no man on this floor
would undertake to answer, urged upon us
and upon the people that it was our duty, if
we did not wish to demoralize and disperse
our friends, the Union men of Louisiana and
the other States, to recognize them, not turn
the cold shoulder upon them, but totake them
~~
;r-—
ms
by the hand and to weloo(tfe,them
ternity of S tates. ; r
Mr. Johnson, jouad .this, policy adopted by
the Administration prepared to his hand. - The
great man now departed, whom we SO-HUJCfl
loved, who was the chosen: leader of tlje great
American people in the terrible time thxoMfl
which we'have been called upon to pass,.
himself laid down the track in.which., thefjsay
of state was to move on. The train was wade
up the engines were in full motion, carrying
the car of state forward to its desired end., when
in come certain gentlemen who-Qonceivi that
they are much wiser than the Rpputjliean party _
that nominated Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Johnson,
and propose to throw down obstruction on the
track, to throw off the car of state from ^le
track on which it is going, and then claim that
they are acting in the name of the great Union
Republican party of thp United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. WilUhe Senator from
Wisconsin permit me to ask him a question
right here? , ■, t . „ ■
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is rather difficult
for me to conclude my remarks with .these
interruptions. . - - ■ : •
Mr. HENDERSON; It is on this point. I
suppose the line of the Senator's remarks indi-
cates that because Mr. Lincoln adopted a cer-
tain policy in December, 1803, for the restora-
tion of State governments in the seceded States,
therefore that policy must have been correct in
the spring of 1865, after the surrender of Dee's
armies. Now, it will be remembered that under
the proclamation of Mr. Lincoln he" required
simply that a party to be entitled to vote in the
seceded States should take anoath that he would
not thereafter take up arms against the Gov-
ernment'of the. United States. Of coifrse, no
man would participate in the organization of
the Government there except a Union man,
because all other men were in the confederate
armies. That was in the midst of the war; the
war was going on; it was in December, 18(53,
near midway between the origin and conclusion
of this great war through which we have just
PaMr.db 0 0 LITT LE. My honorable friend evi-
dently misapprehends the point at which I
arriving, lie will see m a moment £hat all h©
is now saying has no application to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The, Senator is cer-
tainly arguing that because Mr. Lin coin adopted
a certain policy at a certain time, therefore that
policy was the true policy at a certain other
time. If that is not the meaning- of the argu-
ment, of course there is nothing ia it. If he
does not design to show that because a man
was in favor of Mr. Lincoln's policy he must
certainly be in favor of Mr. Johnson's policy,
then I cannot understand the drift of the argu-
ment. It surely means that, and nothing more.
I ask him if he thinks because a policy was
correct in 1863, that therefore the same policy
was equally correct in the spring of 1865. It is
unquestionably the lact that if in 1865 the same
oath was required, and Johnson required
only the same oath, that the party would not
hereafter take up arms, in order to entitle lum
to vote, if the majority of the people of the
seceded States were satisfied that they would
not take up arms against the Government
thereafter, they could very well come and take
that oath, and take the civil power into their
hands. There was no danger of that under Mr.
Lincoln's proposition, because of the time at
which it was made, in the fall of 186<); but
surely it was not appropriate to urge that plan
afterward. , ,, „ . ,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will be patient for a few moments, he will imd
out what I mean. I am here an earnest man,
talking to earnest men; and the point at which
I am arriving is this: certain men claim now,
in the name of the Union party, to denounce
those who still adhere to the policy adopted by
Mr. Lincoln 
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not done any
such thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand the
Senator to have done it. Men are denounced
