1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
827
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess,
For folding documents, seventeen thousand
five hundred dollars.
For furniture and repairs, and packing boxes
for members, ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars, for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, June 8, 1866.
Chap. CXIV.—An Act to amend the Postal
Laws.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, from and after the
first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, prepaid and free letters shall be forwarded,
at the request of the party addressed, from one
post office to another without additional post-
age charge; and returned dead letters shall be
restored to the writers thereof free of postage.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
tenth section of the act entitled "An act to
establish salaries for postmasters, and for other
purposes," approved July one, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four; and so much of the twenty-
eighth section of the act entitled "An act to
amend the laws relating to the Post Office De-
partment," approved March three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, as requires postage
to be charged at the prepaid rate, to_ be col-
lected on the return delivery of letters, indorsed
with a request for their return to the writers,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed; and all
letters bearing such indorsement shall hereafter
be returned to the writers thereof without ad-
ditional postage charge.
Sec. 3. Arid be it further enacted, That the
third section of the act entitled "An act to
establish a postal money-order system," ap-
proved May seventeen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to authorize the issuing of a money order
for any sum not to exceed fifty dollars, and
that the charge or fee for an order for a sum
notexceedingtwentydollars shallbe ten cents;
for an order exceeding twenty dollars shall be
twenty-five cents.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That a
money order shall he valid and payable when
presented to the deputy postmaster on whom
it is drawn, within one year after its date, but
for no longer period ; and in case of the loss
of a money order a duplicate thereof shall be
issued without charge, on the application of
the remitter or payee, who shall make the re-
quired proofs; and postmasters at all money-
order offices are hereby authorized and required
to administer to the applicant or applicants m
such cases the required oath or affirmation free
of clitir*7©*
Sec. t. And be it further enacted, That all
railroad companies carrying the mails of the
United States shall convey without extra ch arge,
by any train which they may run over their
roads, all such printed matter as the Postmas-
ter General shall, from time to time, direct to be
transported thereon with the persons in charge
of the mails designated by the Post Office De-
partment for that purpose.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, that it
any person or persons shall willfully and ma-
liciously injure, deface, or destroy any mailable
matter deposited in any letter box, pillar box,
or other receiving boxes established by author-
ity of the Postmaster General of the United
States for the safe deposit of matter for the
mails or for delivery, or shall willfully aid and
assist in injuring such mailable matter so de-
posited as aforesaid, every such offender being
thereof duly convicted shall, for every such
offense, be fined not more than five hundred
dollars, or be imprisoned not more than three
vears, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 1. Andbeit,further enacted, Thatwhen-
ever it shall become expedient, in the opinion
of the Postmaster General, to substitute a dit-
ferent kind of postage stamps for those now m
use, he shall be, and is hereby, authorized to
modify the existing contract for the manufac-
ture of postage stamps so as to allow to the
contractors a sum sufficient to cover the in-
creased expenses, if any, of manufacturing the
stamps so substituted.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion two of the act entitled 1 'An act to establish
salaries for postmasters, and for other pur-
poses," approved July one, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, be amended by adding the fol-
lowing: Provided, That when the quarterly
returns of any postmaster of the third, fourth,
or fifth class show that the salary allowed is
ten per centum less than it would be on the
basis of commissions under the act of eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, fixing compensation,
then the Postmaster General shall_ review and
readjust under the provisions of said section.
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That when-
ever the Postmaster General shall require spe-
cial agents of the Post Office Department to
collect or disburse the public moneys accruing
from postages, such special agent or agents,
when so employed, shall, prior to entering upon
such duty, give bond in such sum, in such
form, and with such security, as the Postmas-
ter General may approve.
Approved, June 12, 1866.
For repairs of Fort Washington, on the Po-
tomac river, twenty thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Vir-
ginia, thirty thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Tortugas,
fifty thousand dollars.
For fort on Ship Island, coast of Mississippi,
ten thousand dollars.
For Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Florida,
fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Fort Point, San Francisco bay,
California, one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For fort at Lime Point, California, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
For fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco
bav, California, ninety thousand dollars.
For survey of northern and northwestern
lakes, including Lake Superior, fifty thousand
dollars.
For purchase of sites now occupied and lands
proposed to be occupied for permanent sea-
coast defenses, provided that no such purchase
shall be made except upon the approval of its
expediency by the Secretary of War, and of
the validity of title by the Attorney General,
thirty-five thousand dollars.
Afi'ROVed, June 12, I860.
Chap. CXV.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Construction, Preservation, and Re-
pairs of certain Fortifications and other
Works of Defense, for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-sev.en.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House ofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise^ap-
propriated, for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven : ...
For Fort Wayne, near Detroit, Michigan,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York, fifty
thousand dollars.
For Fort Montgomery, at outlet of Lake
Champlain, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Seammel, Portland, Maine, thirty-
five thousand dollars.
For Fort George, on Hog Island ledge, I ort-
land, Maine, fifty thousand dollars. _
For Fort Popham, Kennebec river, Maine,
fifty thousand dollars.
li'or Fort Constitution, Portsmouth, Now
Hampshire, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop, Boston, Massachusetts,
thirty thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston, Massachusetts,
twenty-five thousand dollars. .
For sea-wall at Great Brewster's Island,
Boston harbor, Massachusetts, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For sea-walls on Deer and Lovell s Islands,
Boston harbor, Massachusetts, fifty thousand
d°ForSfort at entrance of New Bedford harbor,
Massachusetts thirty thousand dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York,
thirty thousand dollars. _
For fort at Willett's Point, opposite l'ort
Schuyler, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Hamilton, New x orlc,
thirty thousand dollars.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, btaten
Island, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, fifty
thousand dollars. ,
For repairs of Fort Mifflm, near 1 hiiadel-
phia, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For construction of permanent platforms tor
modern cannon of large caliber, in existing
fortifications of important harbors, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Chap. CXVI.—An Act authorizing Document-
ary Evidence of Titles to be furnished to the
Owners of certain Lands in the City of St.
Louis.
Whereas within the city of Saint Louis, in the
State of Missouri, there are many lots, tracts,
pieces, and parcels of land which were confirmed
by the act of Congress of June the thirteenth,
eighteen hundred and twelve, on the ground of
inhabitation, possession, or cultivation of the
same prior to December the twentieth, eight-
een hundred and three, and in some cases
there is no adequate documentary evidence of
said confirmations ; and in consequence of the
death of the ancient witnesses, who knew the
facts of said inhabitation, possession, or culti-
valion, the owners of said lands, in said cases
where there is no adequate documentary evi-
dence of said confirmations, are without com-
plete evidence of title to the same, as against
the United States; and whereas persons hold-
in" grants and confirmations of lands m said
city of Saint Louis, under other acts of Con-
gress heretofore passed, may, in some cases, be
without perfect documentary evidence of said
grants or confirmations by the United States,
and difficulties may hereafter arise therefrom,
to the great injury of such persons: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the district court ot
the United States for the eastern district ot Mis-
souri is hereby authorized, by proper decree,
to declare released, granted, relinquished, and
conveyed by the United States m fcc-snnple
and in full property, all of the right, title, and
interest of the United States in and to any lot,
tract, piece or parcel of land within the city ot
Saint Louis, in the State of Missouri, to the
person or persons having the best claim or
claims to the same; but nothing m this act
shall authorize said court to declare released,
granted, relinquished, and conveyed, as ator®'
said, any land within any wharf, street, anc,
avenue allev. or other public thoroughfare, or
within 'the boundaries of any land which has
been heretofore granted or assigned by th_e
United States for the use or support of schools,
or within the boundaries of any land hereto-
fore lawfully granted by the United States,
where full, sufficient, and complete document-
ary evidence of such confirmation or grant now
exists of record.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That every
person desiring a a decree in his or her favor,
under this act, shall hie a petition m said di«
