1808
TBM OONGRESMOML GLOBl.
April 6,
asbemg'trttitors to the-Union party. Mr. John-
son, the present President of the United States,
this day, on this floor, and in this high place,
has been denounced by the Senator from Ohio
as a traitor to the x> rtythat elected him to office
because of his reconstruction policy. Sir, I am
but pointing out to you the steps by which Mr.
J ohnson has arrived at that policy. He inher-
ited it from Mr. Lincoln and from the Unioft
party. It was substantially sustained by this
Senate one year ago in the proposition to recog-
nize Louisiana as completely reorganized and
entitled to representation ; and but for what
was then denominated on the floor of the Sen-
ate as a factious opposition, that proposition
would have passed the Senate. I remember
that ig the midst of that stormy time I became
excited myself, I regret to say, and I gave utter-
ance to words which I would not have done in
my cooler moments perhaps. In speaking of
the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Povvell) and
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who were
then voting together, I stated, in the excitement
of the in oment, that Pilate and Herod had joined
hands together to crucify the free State of Lou-
isiana ; the Senator from Ohio because the ne-
groes were not permitted to vote, and the Sen-
. ator from Kentucky because tlie-rebds were not
permitted to vote. I remember that scene very
"well. I know, and I speak-of what I know,
when I say that a large majority of this Senate,
and of the Republican members of this Senate,
then favored the reconstruction policy of Mr.
Lincoln as adopted in Louisiana.
Now, Mr. President, let me go a step further.
When men rise here to charge upon the pres-
ent President of the United States, because ho
pursues the policy of the Union party, because
instead of acting against it, to use the very lan-
guage of the Senator from Ohio in his speech
in answer to me the other day, Mr. Johnson
"improved" upon the plan of Mr. Lincoln—
when Senators stand up now and undertake to
denounce as traitors our own friends, men
whom we ourselves elee|ed to office, men who
holdour Administration, and who must of neces-
sity administer the Government for three years
to come, they are inconsistent, unwise; such
language is certainly unnecessary, and it should
"be avoided.-
If this spirit of denunciation of the President
by Congress and of Congress by the President
Is to prevail, what hope' is there of the ascend-
ehey in the future of the Union or Republican
party ? There is no hope whatever. The elec-
tions that have just occurred in New England
•have carried us safely through upon the idea
that there is still hope that the Union paity
will not be divided, that there is still hope that
Congress and the President may by some I erms,
by some bill, or some measure, yet b<? ,-econ-
eiled. Had you deprived the people or those
Stales of that hope in the Union party and of
that hope of reconciliation, there would have
been no chanee for us whatever. Therefore,
from my stand-point—I say it with all respect
to my friends around me—it seems to mo, our
duty is to try and see if we cannot reconcile
our cRfferences rather than to wage war upoli
each other.
Mr. President, I have received, in connec-
tion with my colleague, a telegraphic dispatch
from the Governor of the State of Wisconsin,
which T have no doubt is correct, although I
have not seen the resolution which is said to
have been passed by the Legislature, in which
it is stated that the Legislature has passed a
resolution instructing the Senators in Congress
from Wisconsin to vote for the passage of the
Senate bill commonly known as the civil rights
bill, the veto of the President to the contrary
notwithstanding. I have already stated, from
my stand-point, the reasons why, in my judg-
ment. 1 cannot do it. I have stated them freely
and frankly, and, as a matter of course, I ex-
poet to abide the consequences. I know that
it has sometimes beeu said to me, by those,
too, rnwhom I would have confidence, that for
me, under circumstances like these, not to fol-
low the instructions of the Legislature of my
State, would be to terminate my political life.
Sir, be it so. I nevef held or aspired to any
other office politically than the one I now hold;
and God knows, if I know my own heart, if I
Can see this Union restored after this gigantic
war which has put down the rebellion, and to
which I have lent my support, I shall be satis-
fied. , I do not desire to remain in political life
beyond that hour. There is nothing in that
whieh will have the slightest influence what-
ever upon me. The duty which I owe to
myself, the duty whieh I owe to the country,
the duty which I owe to the Union of these
States, and the preservation of the rights of
the States, and the duty which I owe to the
great Republican party, whieh I would still
desire to save, prompts me to pursue the course
which I now do.
T do this with no disrespect whatever to the
honorable gentlemen who voted for that reso-
lution in the'Legislature of Wisconsin. I re-
spect their opinions as those of honorable men.
But, sir, I believe that, standing where I do, I
see what they do not see in the existing crisis
of our feeloved country. They, like all others,
are liable to be deceived and imposed upon by
the statements of the public press and by the
statements of many of those through the South
who are interested in preserving the present
disordered state of things. I have here two
communications, one of which I received some
months since in relation "t.o Louisiana, and
another of but recent date from the State of
Alabama, extracts from which I desire to read.
Speaking of a certain Treasury agent in the
city of New Orleans, the gentleman writing the
first communication says:
"I hear that he has written to various radical mem-
bers of Congress against the free State of Louisiana,
and that even Mr. Wade has been influenced by his
statements.
"I have been an extreme abolitionist for thirty-
four years, and am, therefore, personally, not thin-
skinned under the tongues of mendacious men. *
"But I wish to enter my protest against tho ac-
ceptance of any statement made by him against the
fiee Scate of Louisiana, or any friend or advocate of
tho policy of Mr. Lincoln and tho measuresof General
Banks for the restoration of the State. He is in no
respect a competent witness against us. He has no
principle, no honor, no taste, almost no qualities of
manhood but those of adipose and impudence.
"lie was a 'Border Rullian'in Kansas, a slave-
driver adventurer in 'lexas, whero he was known by
the appropriate canine cognomen of' Big Brindle.'
"Here he has been a duty weight upon various
bureaus, falling steadily and certainly, by the grav-
ity of unfitness, to the iioor of eauli, to be swept out
with the sweepings.
"He made money while in the'Plantation Bu-
reau,' because he was regardless of all interests,
public or private, but his own, openly declaring often
in my hearing that he 'thought no more of a negro
than of a mule,' and carrying with him on to the
plantations mnnncis and control ill consonance with
that declaration.'' - ' * :--
"Senator, it is to such men as him on the one side,
on the other to embodied negative legalists and pre-
cedent inen, like Durant, that we owe the hostility to
the free State of Louisiana.
"The first class is arrested in the race of brutality
and money making: tho last in that of ambition and
personal leadership. Each extends a hand to the
martinetism that hero holds the bayonet, and thus,
together, not triune, but ternary, they secure the
moral significance of this 'sacred number' while
animated by avarice, ambition, and despotism.
"That my radical friends in Congress and elsewhere
listen so eagerly and with the credulity of novices in
place to tho allegations against our own political kith
and kin, of these classes, who arc our natural enemies,
sometimes fills me with the apprehension that we
ladioals simply pos.--ess power from the accident of
revolution, rather than from the divine right of fit-
ness for dominion." ;;; * * * a>
"Wo are pressing for colored suffrage upon our
Legislature, for the classes allowed by our free con-
stitution. and I have great hope of attaining it in
spite of tho opposers." * *
" Durant and the small clique of colored men who
adhere to liim want suffrage from Congress. Wo
want it from the Legislature.
" As it is possible that, you may never feel the prac-
tical pressure of a military despotism, it might be
well for you to step into New Orleans, just to sec what
a free white man can endure from bayonets that he
helps to buy, in hands that he helps to pay, turned
upon him with a sharpness and persistence meas-
ured by tile exact ratio of his adhesion to the policy
of Mr. Lincoln, and his descrvings of justice and
protection.
" If the rule wo have here, at this time, is that of
freemen, God grant me an asylum under Francis
Joseph, where, having not even a dream of liberty,
I should never awake to tho reality of its loss." ■
* w s*s S- H: * if -J- ^
"The military rule here ha? done more to drivo
farther aw;iy the native people, to sap the sense of
loyalty in our ranks, to weaken the Administration
and "the Republican party than half -a- dozen rebel
successes could have clone.'' * '* '* ,
" One of the most distinguished of the lay Cfc-tb^Hes
and one of our staunch friends, said to me this morn-
ing:
Well,major, the radicals have tho Government;
is this their rule?'
"The people do not yet blame Mr. Lincoln. They
know he is just, and desperately busy, but they be-
gin to wonder why he leaves a bureaucratical officer,
excellent in an office or an outpost, in the autocratic
administration of a division more extensive than
some kingdoms, in which., at this moment the civil,
political, and commercial weaponry would be far
more effective for us than the boyonet, especially
where the latter is principally directed against the
very friends of the President."
This is reading from one source, an extreme
man perhaps, strong in his expressions, who
claims to have been for thirty-four years an
abolitionist. I hold'in my hand a letter which
I received the other day coming from another
man of the South. This man was once a mem-
ber of Congress. He was one of those who joined
in the secession movement. He was a mem-
ber of the rebel congress, and was at one time
in the rebel army. He is now at the head of
a college in Alabama. He wrote to me some
time since to know whether by the law as it
stood those States were entitled to any public '
lands fa aid of their collegiate or agricultural
institutions. I answered that letter, to which
answer he replied, and in the course of his re-
ply he speaks of the condition of public senti-
ment at the South. His name must be known
to most gentlemen here. He was known to
me at-the time he was a member of Congress.
He is a gentleman of great intelligence and
perhaps one of the ablest men in Alabama; I
refer to Mr. J. L. M. Curry.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire the name of the writer of the letter
he has just read?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. His name is Plumley.
Several Senators. Who is he? x
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He has charge of the
schools in Louisiana. He is a gentleman from
Philadelphia, I believe. Mr. Curry says :
" It may not be amiss to make some suggestions and
statements in reference to the condition of public
sentimentinthelatebelhgerentsection. Thestrangest
misapprehension seems to prevail at the North. Good
men havo certainly been misled." * * * *
"Some of the testimony before the reconstruction
committee; as reported in thenewspapers, is the gross-
est carricaturo of southern opinion and purposes.
They have been imposed upon. How, is a mystery
tome." * 15 * "The representations
of thedesires and purposes of the ex-rebels,4 so called,'
are so absurd and ridiculous as to be impossible of
refutation, except by puttingthe whole peopleontho
stand to prove a negative. I was a secessionist, for
awhile a member of the confederate congress, and
afterward in the army, on the staff of generals, or in
command of a regiment. It would be merest affecta-
tion to pretend that I was not somewhat prominent
as a secessionist." * t " * * *
"Having laid the predicate for my competency, I
desire to aver, as a gentleman and Christian I hope,
that with large personal intercourse with the people
and those who are suspected of rebel intentions, I
never heard (of course since the surrender) of any
conspiracy or movement or society or purpose, secret
Dr public, present or prospective, to overthrow the
United States Government, to resist its authority, to
ree'nslave the negroes, or in any manner to disturb
the relations that now exist between the southern
States as constituent elements of the Federal Gov-
ernment and that Government, until I read of such
intentions recently in northern newspapers. With
perfect certainty as to the truth of my affirmation, I
can state that there is not a sane nor sober man in
Alabama who believes or expects that African sla-
very will be reestablished. As unalterable facts, the
people accept the abolition of slavery, the extinction
of the right of seces&ion, and the supremacy of the
Federal Government. It is as idle, a thousand times
more so, tospeak of another contemplated southern
resistance to Federal authority as to anticipate the
overthrowof the British Government by the Fenians."
T cite this in connection with what I believe
to be true, that the newspapers of the northern
States this day? by their correspondents all
through the South, to a very considerable
extent, misrepresent the true condition of
affairs. The recent action of the State of
Georgia, and of other States, in relation to the
civil rights of the negroes, tends to show that
the public sentiment of those States is not, as
it has been sometimes represented, to murder
and crush and destroy them, but it is to employ
them in the production of what is necessary to
the growth of the States of the South and to
the happiness of the people of all classes. While
undoubtedly there exist very great abuses, and
