tt 28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
fact that a factious opposition in one branch
of tbe Legislature or the other sometimes pre-
vents the two Houses from meeting together.
Several occasions have passed by and it has
remained, until another occasion recently arose
to call attention to the subject. Then some
member of the Senate, I think the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,} introduced a
resolution instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to inquire into this matter, and this
bill was prepared in consequence of that res-
olution which went to the committee. " It is
impossible to make it conform exactly to the
practice which has prevailed in the several
States, because the practice has been unlike
in the different States. In my State we have
always elected by joint convention ; we never
had separate action in each House; but out of
deference to the practice which has prevailed,
I think, in most of the New England States,
and also in the State of New York, of voting
in separate Houses, it was thought better, as
no. evil could result from that, to adopt that,
pfeti for the election of Senators; but in case
that failed, to provide that the two Houses then
should come together and make an election. ■"
The public interest requires that each State
should- be represented in the Senate of the
United States, and it may sometimes happen
that the two branches of the Legislature are
of different politics and then will not meet to-
gether to elect a Senator. Wo think the pub-
lie interest is not subserved by leaving a State
unrepresented; the intention of the Constitu-
tion is that it should be represented, and it is
for the public good that we should have a law
that will produce uniformity in these elections
and secure representation.
In-regard-to the suggestion that the Senator
feom-Maine'has-made m reference to the bal-
lot, I do not see that there can be any sub-
stantial reason given against the other mode
of voting, and there are some reasons for it,
that I think in some of the States they would
be somewhat tenacious of. I know it has been
discussed in my State ; we have had this ques-
tion of voting by ballot and viva voce very
extensively discussed in the State of Illinois
during the last ten or fifteen years, and we
altered our constitution iu that respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do you elect by a viva
voce vote?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We elect by a viva voce
vote in the Legislature, bat our ordinary elec-
tions by the people in that* State are now by
ballot. Formerly every citizen came up to the
polls, gave his name, and stated whom he
voted for for the different offices, Governor,
member of Congress, member of the Legis-
lature, or whatever they might be; he gave
an open vote; but that was changed. The
matter was very extensively discussed in our
State. It was said that a citizen had a right to
vote just as he pleased, and nobody else had
any business to know how he voted; that that
was his own business; but that a representa-
tive, who voted for others, had no right to con-
ceal his vote from them.
I have given the reasons which actuated the
co^pmittce in coming to this conclusion, and I
think it will be better to have it uniform. That
is the very object of the bill. If you leave it
to each State to settle, then there may be a dif-
ficulty about it, and you may get no election at
all. I hope the Senator from Maine will be
satisfied to leave it as the committee have fixed
it- Perhaps the other way might be thought
to be better in some of the States; bat I do
not see any reason why it should be, except a
reason growing out of habit and custom.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I perfectly agree with
the committee that it is advisable and very de-
sirable to have this matter regulated by law,
and I am very glad to see this bill brought in
for that purpose, in order to prevent the fail-
ure of elections which sometimestfecur in con-
sequence of leaving the States to adopt their
own mode of doing it. The thing has been done
in my State. I believe the' first time I was
voted for as Senator—not the first time I was
voted for, but the first tiias I was voted for
with any possible chance of success—I was
elected eighteen times on the part of the Sen-
ate, but the House refused to concur. *No
choice was made at that session of the Legis-
lature, and the State was unrepresented in the.
Senate of the United States until the succeed-
ing session.
I should, individually, have-no sort of objec-
tion to the'mode of election provided in this
bill. My only difficulty arises from the fact
that I fear it may create dissatisfaction in the
-States that have been accustomed to elect in a
different manner. There is something to be
said on each side with reference to it. The
Senate are aware that many evils are supposed
to arise, from the fact that iu England the votes
are given viva voce in the election of members
of Parliament, and many have thought that very
much would be gained by voting by ballot.
The people could then vote as they pleased
without being questioned. The only objection
that would arise with reference to this repre-
sentative capacity which the honorable Sen-
ator speaks of, is one that will arise from the
fact that men might be under restraints from
party discipline, which would lead them to act
against their conscientious convictions of what
was right and proper in the individual case,
and which might bring a sort of compulsory
pressure upon them which might bo objection-
able. although I perceive the force of the rea-
soning of the Senator. Inasmuch as the ballot
is the mode that has always been followed in
my own State, and inasmuch as I do not see
that the mode of votingis material, I shall offer
an amendment to the bill iu thatrespect. The
great object which we have to accomplish is to
secure the election ofa Senator, toprovide some-
thing with reference to the time of election and
the manner of proceeding in such a way that
the election shall not fail. That I think is very
highly desirable; but after all, you cannot se-
cure that beyond the possibility of doubt, be-
cause in requiring a majority for an election,
as I believe this bill requires, if there be three
01- four candidates and no one obtains a major-
ity in the convention, there will be no election.
There would be a failure in such a case. For
the sake of testing the sense of the Senate on
the subject, I will move to strike out in the
eighth and ninth lines of the first section the
words "openly, by a viva voce vote of each
member present, name one person for," and to
insert "proceed to the election of a so that
it will read:
Eac-h House shall proceed to the election of a Sen-
ator in Congress from said State.
Then at the end of- line ten I will move to
change the word "name" to "names," and in
line eleven to strike out tbe words "the per-
son so" and to insert " all persons;" and in
the s.ame line to strike out the words "who
shall have a majority of the whole number of
votes cast in each House;" and in line fourteen
to strike out the word "such" before "major-
ity" and to insert the word "a;" sothatitwill
read :
And the names of all persons voted for shall bo
entered on the Journal of each House by the cleik or
secretary thereof; but if cither House shall fail to
give a majority to any person on said day, that fact
shall be entered on the Journal.
That I believe would accomplish the purpose
of the change, and it would leave every Legis-
lature to settle the kind of vote to be given,
whether it shall be by ballot or by a viva voce
vote. We saying nothing about it each Legis-
lature then would suit itself as to the mode of
proceeding. The time then isiixed ; the mode
is fixed by which they shall come to a vote,
and very properly fixed I think; there is no
objection to it; and all that will be left to them
will be to say whether they will vote by ballot
or viva voce. I think myself that that would
be better, and I will move that amendment in
order to test the sense of the Senate on the
subject.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. That amend-
ment will be read at the desk.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the first section by striking out in lines eight
and nine the words, "openly, by a viva voce
vote of each member present, name one person
for" and to insert "proceed to the election of
a;" so that the clause will read:
Each House shall proceed to the election of a Sen-
ator in Congress from said State, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I propose to alter
the subsequent parts of the section. However,
the question may as well be taken on that, and
if that should be adopted the otheramendments
may be made afterward.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that that amend-
ment will not bo adopted, because I think that •
the viva voce mode of voting in a represent-
ative body is the correct mode. It generally
obtains in the western States, and for the rea-
sons\hat have been stated by the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee. There is no doubt
in my mind that the constituents of a member
of the Legislative Assembly ought to know how
he votes upon the question of the election of a
United States Senator ; because a member of
the Legislature is generally chosen, when an
election of that kind is pending, as much with
reference to that approaching election as to
any other question ; and certainly there is' no
question of greater magnitude that can be pre-
sented to the people of a State. Members of
the Legislative Assembly are frequently in-
structed by their constituents as to how they
shall vote i.i the choice of a Senator, and I
think those constituents have a right to know
as to whether or not that representative obeys
those instructions. If voting by ballot is adopted
they will not know whether lie does ordoes not
comply with their wishes. I understand that
it is the duty of a representative in the choice
of a United Slates Senator as much, if possible,
to carry out the will of his constituents as it is
in the enactment of any law. Certainly upon
all questions of legislation the constituents have
a right to know the action of a member, and
no State Legislature can possibly enact a law
that is of more consequence, not only to the
State but to the whole country, than the elec-
tion of a United States Senator.
I think that voting in a representative ca-
pacity is altogether different from voting in a
primary capacity, although in the State which
lin part represent here the viva voce mode of
voting prevails at the polls. All our voling is
viva voce; and so far as I have been able to
judge between that mode and any other mode
that is quite as good, if not preferable. I thiuk,
therefore, that this mode is preferable on that
account. *
Then, again, as has been suggested, it avoids
any fraud. There is no possibility of committing
any fraud in the election of a United States
Senator when every man is required to vote
viva voce when his name is called, when he is
required openly and publicly to designate hi3
choice for that office; and in a body consist-
ing of comparatively a few persons, number-
ing, perhaps, from twenty-five to one hundred
or two hundred, or four hundred perhaps in
some of the States, there is more or less dan-
ger, where the struggle is severe between as-
pirants, that fraud in some way may bo com-
mitted unless every guard is adopted to prevent
anything of that kind. This will tend to pre-
vent corruption. Mcffibers of the Legislative
Assembly, knowing the wishes of their constit-
uents, if they are bound to vote viva voce, will
carry out the wishes of their constituents as
far as they can; but if they vote by ballot, and
if they are approachable by improper means,
they may profess publicly to carry out the wishes
of those by whom they are elected, and at the
same time they may vote contrary to the wishes
and the interests of their constituents ; and in
that way there may be more or less of corrup-
tion introduced into the election of a United
States Senator.
These elections are not as free from improper
influence as they ought to be. It is altogether
more easy to influence a body of one hundred
men by improper means than it is to influence
the entire constituency of any man; and the
smaller the number, the easier it is to bring
these improper influences to bear. These in-
fluences are of various kinds and descriptions.
