328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIOHAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laios of the United States.'
trict court, asking for such decree, and describ-
ing the land for which said decree is desired;
and the United States and all persons claim-
ing such land adversely to said petitioner (if
there be any such adverse claimants) shall be
made defendants in said cause; and if any party
to any such cause shall be a minor under the
age of twenty-one years, a guardian ad litem
shall be appointed by saidfcourf for said minor;
and said district court shall have full and com-
plete power, jurisdiction, andauthority to hear,
try, and determine all questions arising in said
cause relating to the claim of the petitioner, the
extent, locality, and boundaries of said claim,
and all other matters connected therewith or
concerning the same; and said district court
shall also have power to make, prescribe, and
enforce such rules and regulations as may be
necessary and proper to carry this act into full
and complete execution.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That a
copy of every petition which shall be filed
under this act, and a copy of the writ or pro-
cess thereto attached, shall be delivered to the
district attorney of the United States for said
eastern district of Missouri, by the United
States marshal for said district, which said
delivery shall make the United States a party
to the cause specified in such petition, without
any other or further proceedings, notice, ser-
vice, writ, or process whatever; and said dis-
trict attorney shall make such defense therein
for the United States as in his opinion the pub-
lic interest may require; but no answer or
other pleadings filed by said attorney in such
cause shall be required to be verified by oath
or affirmation.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of more completely describing,
identifying, and defining the boundaries, sit-
uation, and locality of any lot, tract, piece or
parcel of land sought to be released, granted,
relinquished, and conveyed under this act, the
said district court shall have power to cause an
accurate survey, plat, and description thereof
to be made by a competent person at the ex-
pense of the petitioner; and all of the expenses
and costs of all suits and other proceedings
under this act shall be paid by the respective
petitioners, and the payment thereof may be
enforced by execution or otherwise.
Sec. 5. And beit further enacted. That every
decree which shall be rendered under this act
in favor of any petitioner shall be deemed a
full, sufficient, and complete release, grant,
relinquishment, and conveyance, in fee-simple,
and in full property, to such petitioner, and to
his or her heirs and assigns, forever, of all the
right, title, and interest of the United States
in and to the land described in such decree.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That when-
ever said district court or the eircuitcourt shall
render a final decree under this act, concern-
ing any lot, tract, piece or parcel of land, such
court shall cause to be transmitted to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office a full,
true, and complete transcript of said final de-
cree, and of the description or survey of said
land.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That any
party to any final decree rendered by said dis-
trict court in any suit or cause commenced
under this act may appeal from said final de-
cree of said district court to the circuit court
of the United States for the district of Mis-
souri, at any lime within one year from the
time of the rendition of said final decree, and
not after that time ; and on the granting of said
appeal, a full, true, and complete transcript
of said final decree, and of the petition, and all
other pleadings and proceedings in said cause,
and of the evidence therein, shall be trans-
mitted to said circuit court. And when said
appeal shall have been completed, said circuit
court shall have full and complete jurisdiction
over said cause, and may allow the pleadings
to be amended if necessary, and may admit
new parties if necessary, and shall hear, try,
and determine said cause de novo, without
regarding any error, defect, or other imperfec-
tion in the proceedings of said district court,
and shall render such final decree therein as
the facts and the justice of said cause may
require.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That in
case of any difference of opinion between the
judges of the said circuit court upon any ques-
tion arising in any such cause, the same may
be certified to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, for its decision thereon as in other
cases.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
of the right, title, and interest of the United
States in and to all of the wharves, streets,
lanes, avenues, alleys, and other public thor-
oughfares which are situate, lying, and being
within the corporate limits of the city of St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri, shall-be, and
the same are hereby, granted, relinquished, and
conveyed by the United States, in fee-simple
and in full property, to the said city of Si. Louis,
and to the successors and assigns forever of
said city: Provided, however, That no individ-
ual rights or titles acquired previously hereto
shail be in any manner impaired or prejudiced
hereby.
Approved, June 12, 18GG.
Ciiap. CXVIL— An Act to grant the Right of
Way to the "Humboldt Canal Company"
through the public Lands of the United
States.
Be it cnactecl by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right of way for
a canal through the public lands of the United
States lying in Humboldt county, State of Ne-
vada, and the use of the land for tow-paths,
cuttings, and embankments, to the extent of
fifty feet on each side of the center of the canal,
shall be, and is hereby, granted to the Hum-
boldt Canal Company: Provided, That in cases
where deep excavation or heavy embankment
is required, such greater width, not exceeding
two hundred feet, may be taken by said com-
pany as may be necessary.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, in
order to create a reservoir for said company
sufficient to feed said canal in all seasons, said
company shall be, and is hereby, authorized,
by a dam across the Humboldt river, at such
point at or near' the gap in the Fremont range
of mountains through which said river passes,
to flow so much of the public lands above said
dam as may be required for the purpose of said
reservoir.
Sue. 3. Andbait further enacted, That there
shall be, and is hereby, granted to said com-
pany the necessary sites along said canal for
waste-gates, mill-sites, depots, and other uses
of said canal, so far as places convenient for
the same fall upon the public lands, and also
the privilege of discharging the waste waters
of said canal over any public lands into the
said Humboldt river, at such places as may be
suitable for that purpose: Provided, That the
proper officers of said company shall transmit
to the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice a correct plat of the survey and location of
said canal, and of the sites needed for mills,
depots, waste-gates, and other uses of said
canal, before the appropriation thereof for said
uses shall become operative: And provided
further, That unless thirty miles of said canal
shall be excavated within one year, [and] the
whole within three years, from the date hereof,
the grants hereby made shall cease and deter-
mine: And provided further, That if said canal
shall at any time after its completion be dis-
continued or abandoned by said company, the
grants hereby made shall cease and determine,
and the lands hereby granted shall revert to the
United States: And prodded further, That
nothing in this act shall be so construed as to
interfere with any grant of the right of way
and of public lands heretofore made to any
railroad company.
Approved, June 12, 1866.
Chap. CXXIL—An Act to regulate and secure
the Safe-Keeping of public Money intrusted
to disbursing Officers of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Bep-
resehtatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act it shall be the duty of every
disbursing officer of the United States having
any public money intrusted to him for disburse-
ment, to deposit the same with the Treasurer
or some one of the Assistant Treasurers of the
United States, and to draw for the same only
as it may be required for payments to be made
by him in pursuance of law; and all transfers
from the Treasury of the United States to a
disbursing officer shall be by draft or warrant
on the Treasury or an Assistant Treasurer of
the United States: Provided, That in places
where there isno Treasurernor Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States, the Secretary of the
Treasury may, when he deems it essential to
the public interest, specially authorize in writ-
ing the deposit of such public money in any
other public depository, or, in writing, author-
ize the same to be kept in any other manner,
and under such rules and regulations as he may
deem most safe and effectual to facilitate the
payments to public creditors.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
any disbursing officer of the United States shall
deposit any public money intrusted to him in
any place or in any manner, except as author-
ized by law, or shall convert to his own use in
any way whatever, or shall loan, with or with-
out interest, or shall for any purpose not pre-
scribed by law withdraw from the Treasurer or
any Assistant Treasurer, or any authorized de-
pository, or shall for any purpose not prescribed
by law transfer or apply any portion of the
public money intrusted to him, every such act
shall be deemed and adjudged an embezzlement
of the money so deposited, converted, used,
loaned, withdrawn, transferred, or applied, and
every such act is hereby declared a felony, and
upon conviction thereof shall be punished by
imprisonment for a term not less than one year
nor more than ten years, or by fine not more
than the amount embezzled nor less than one
thousand dollars, or by both such fine and im-
prisonment, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. [3.] And be it further enacted, That if
any banker, broker, or any person, not an au-
thorized depositary of public moneys, shall
knowingly receive from any disbursing officer,
or collector of internal revenue, or other agent
of the United States any public money on de-
posit or by way of loan or accommodation, with
or without interest, or otherwise than in pay-
ment of a debt against the United States; or
shall use, transfer, convert, appropriate, or ap-
ply any portion of the public money for any
purpose not prescribed by law; or shall coun-
sel, aid, or abet any disbursing officer or col-
lector of internal revenue or other agent of the
United States in so doing, every such act shall
be deemed and adjudged an embezzlement of
the money so deposited, loaned, transferred,
used, converted, appropriated, or applied: and
any president, cashier, teller, director, or other
officer of any bank or banking association who
shall violate any of the provisions of this act
shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of em-
bezzlement of public money, and punished as
provided in section two of this act.
Approved, June 14, 18G6.
Chap. CXXIII.—An Act to provide for the
Settlement of Accounts of certain public
Officers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, all monfes raised in
the United States for the support of refugees
