14 4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
punishment. The gentleman from Illinois says
that he does not like' congressional legislation ■
which-doesuotapplyto all the Stales, bur, here is
a proposition passed by Congress, which has
ho authority t.o pass anything but general laws,
except in the disposition of lands in the Terri-
tories, confined expressly, if not in terms, to
one section of this Union, which, with the ex-
ception of Kentucky, is without a representa-
tive here to be heard in behalf,of its people.
I tell yon. gentlemen, that the passage of this
system of bills is a dissolution of this Union,
and you cannot help it. You cannot govern
them upon this system of government as con-
quered States. If they are conquered, they,
tdfer to come in. You refuse them ; you are
going to have guarantees. They fold their
arms. They have knocked for admission and
yon have denied them. Their appeal now is
to the American people, to the sound sense of
the nation, to the honest feelings of a free
people, is this right? Is this according to the
examples of our revolutionary fathers'? Is it
what ought to be done ? When that appeal is
made, from the South and the North, the East
and the West, a verdict will come up, either
approving your course or condemning it. If
it is approved, there can be no Union; it will
be impossible for you to carry on this Govern-
ment under any such system. As the war is
now over, I think we should admit these States
as a matter of policy. I do not go into the
question of the justice of it. States govern by
policy; States ought to go\em by policy; but
instead of that, instead of forgiveness, instead
of receiving them with open arms, we heap
upon them unmitigated abuse, and in this very
bill arc providing for their government for a
term of years as conquered provinces.
I do not desire to go into a discussion of this
measure again. I consider it, so far as Ken-
tucky is concerned, as a warrant to plunder our
people in the future as they have been plundered
m the past. We have been a patient people
because we thought, that, we were making a
sacrifice to the Union. But when the Union
is not to be restored, when there is nothing of
that feeling to make the people endure, do you
suppose they will endure forever? ]Jo you sup-
pose this bill will attach the people "in these
eleven Slates more; thoroughly to the Union
than they felt when ihev reorganized their State
governments, passed laws manumitting their
slaves, electing their Legislatures, and doing all
that was indicated as necessary to la; doner' Do
you suppose that there will ever come a lime
under this bill that, they will desire to become
members of this Union once more? 1 see in
this bill exactly how Kentucky is tolerated here,
for as to having part in this legislation, when
she is charged openly with being ruled at home
by rebels, our counsels can be of no good heie ;
but still we are not to be driven fioiutho ( uion,
and from raising our voice in f.uor of ii. and
raisingitin favor of conciliation and confidence
from one section to the oilier, Gentlemen do
not get these doctrines of hatred and \ engeanec
from the Gospel. These are uol the doetrin.es
taught, by the Saviour of the world. While you
cry for justice to the African, you are not slow-
to commit wrong and outrage on the white race.
I always regret lo feel as I do now, that this
bill is doing an injustice to Kentucky, that, it
is impolitic to the balance of the States", I hat it is
calculated for mischief, and that I and the rest
of the representatives from Kentucky are mis-
trusted here because you have got, it into your
heads from some source or other that there are
rebels in Kentucky.
Sir. there were rebels in all the States. There
was in the beginning, and will be again if you
drive these people to desperation. The Senator
from Massachusetts, it [ understood his lan-
guage aright, threatened us with war or worse
if we did riot yield to his suggestions, and the
Senator from Indiana intimated very strongly
the same thing. You have strength enough to
carry these measures, il it is the sentiment of the
nation : out we are not a people to be alarmed
by words or threats. Most of us ai e willing to
impart to these colored people what the nation
has granted, and to accord it freely, and to the
full extent. There are prejudices among our
people that prevent some of them from coming
to this now; but we think you are not yet pre-
pared to drop your prejudices in relation to the
necessary legislation for the South and what
must be done with these people. They belong
to the South ; they belong to the States where
they are ; and it, is for them to govern this ques-
tion ; and it is better for them and better for
you and for us all that that system of govern-
ment be early commenced, and that the two
races get to understand each other. The Uto-
pian hopes that gentlemen entertain in regard
to the African population can never bo realized,
and if they are not realized they will not b<:; so
anxious to confer the right of suffrage upon
them, nor so ready to denounce everybody that
will not agree to it. I know that the passage
of this Freedmen's Bureau bill is decreed, and
that the degradation of Kentucky, so far as she
can be degraded by congressional legislation, is
decreed. I am prepared to counsel peace, to
counsel fidelity to the Union, to counsel the
people to await the day when a better feeling
and a better sentiment will prevail throughout
the Union that will do Kentucky justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators will bear me
witness that during this whole debate I have
sat rather as a spectator than as a participant.
I have desired not to commit, myself too hastily
upon any of the questions discussed, but to re-
serve my opinion and to act and vote under-
standingly without feeling or prejudice or pas
sion. It was after full reflection that [ voted
for the two bills that have been so harshly char-
acterized by the Senator-from Kentucky. I
listened with some surprise to the reiuaiks made
by him the other day. He evinced a degree of
feeling that! thought was entirely uncalled for.
1 have nothing to say in regard to the present
position of Kentucky and Indiana, and the
remark made by the Senator from Indiana;
and yet it is true that Kentucky at all periods
of this war has been full of rebels; that hun-
dreds and thousands of our brave soldiers have
been killed by Kentucky rebels. It is also true
that Kentucky h:e-' furnished brave Union sol-
diers and brave Union men. But Kentucky
has probably furnished more men to the rebel
army than any of the adhering States. The
Senator will not deny that. Therefore, in legis-
lating for the whole country we naturally do,
sometimes, apply rules to Kentucky that we do
not apply to other States. lie should not com-
plain of this, because he has been from the be-
ginning to the end of this war true and faith-
iul, loyal and obedient to the Government and
to the laws. In the early portion of the war
he certainly was very active and efficient in aid-
ing our troops and doing all he could to main-
tain the Government, and I believe has sus-
tained that position fiom the beginning to the
end. But he i\ill remember also that his fel-
low-cilizens of Kentucky gave us more trouble
than probably the same number of rebels 111
any portion of the country. Either because of
their spirit, their devotion to their cause, or
from the fact that they were far North, occu-
pying a strong military position, the rebels in
Kentucky were the most dangerous rebels in
the country, and, therefore, in legislutingagainst
rebel?, we naturally look to the rebels of Ken-
tucky.
The only reason whyT rose at this late period
of the debate was to remove the impression
from the minds of those around me of the
eharact cr of the two bills that have been before
us. I look upon this Freedmen's Bureau bill
as simply a. temporary protection to the fieed-
mcu in the southern Stales. We are bound
by every consideration of honor, by every ob-
ligation that can rest upon any people, lo pro-
tect the freediiien from the rebels of the south-
ern States; ay, sir, and to protect them from
the loyal men of the southern States. Vfe
know thai. 011 account ot the prejudices in-
stiled by the system of slavery pervading all
parts of the southern States, the southern "peo-
ple will not, do justice to the freedmen in those
States. We know that iu the course of the
war these freedmen have been emancipated;
that they have aided us in this conflict; and
therefore we are bound by every consideration
of honor, of faith, of public morals, to protect
and maintain all the essential incidents of free-
dom to them. I have no doubt, that in doing
this wo shall encounter the prejudices not only
of rebels, but of loyal men; but still the obli-
gation and guarantee is none the less binding
on us. We must maintain their freedom, and
with it all the incidents and all the rights of
freedom.
With no other desire but to maintain this guar-
antee, I have read this bill several times with
a sinccre desire to ascertain, if I could, if there
were any serious objections to it, with a view to
their amendment, and to remove the objections
made by the Senatorfrom Kentucky and others;
but I can see nothing in it but an agency in the
hands of the President, completely 111 hispower
and under his control, to maintain the freedom
of the negro of the southern States. The Senator
says he has great confidence in the President.
So have I. No single act can be done under
this Freedmen's Bureau bill without the sanc-
tion of the President. Every officer under it is
to be appointed by the President ; every agent
is to be appointed by th^p President,. The whole
bill is a mere machine m the hands of the Presi-
dent to maintain the freedom and the rights of
the freedmen.
As to the other bill about which go much com-
plaint was made by the Senatorfrom Kentucky
the other day, what was it? The first section
of the bill simply declared that a negro eman-
cipated by the constitutional amendment is a
citizen of the United States. I believe he was
a citizen of the United States before if he was
free ; but to remove all ambiguity or doubt about
it, this provision was insetted in that bill, and I
think wisely. A portion of the same section,
or perhaps the second section of the bill, defines
what are the incidents of freedom, and says that
these men must be protected in certain rights,
and so careful is it iu its language that it goes
on and defines those rights, the right to sue and
be sued, to plead and be impleaded, to acquire
and hold property, and other universal inci-
dents of freedom.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky in his
remarks the other day said that there was not
a single one of these rights but what he believed
Kentucky would enforce. If Kentucky enforces
those rights, that is the end of the whole con-
troversy so far as she is concerned ; but if Ken-
tucky, or any other State, should fail to enforce
those rights, then we are bound lo do it. But
1 ask the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
with all his knowledge of the feeling and excite-
ment created by this contest, whether he is
willing to trust the natural rights of these freed-
men to the rebels of Mississippi. Alabama, and
other southern States.' 1 as!; him whether he
is willing to hand over to the tender mercies
of tiie white population of those States, the
whole of whom were engaged iu this rebellion,
the care and custody of these freedmen, who
were made free in spite of their resistance, in
spite of their war? 1 think I know the heart
of the Senator from Kentucky loo well to re-
quire an answer. He fears that this bill will
affect the feelings of the people of Kentucky;
but in legislating here wo are bound not only
to regard their feelings, but the enmity that per-
vades whole masses of the community in the
southern States, and we are bound to protect
these freedmen against the public sentiment
and the oppression that will undoubtedly be
thrown upon them by the people of the south-
ern States.
Some one sent me a newspaper the other day
from Mobile, Alabama, and I could not read
that newspaper, said to be a loval and friendly
paper, without feeling convinced that the best
of the southern people ought not to be intrusted
with the care and custody of the freed popula-
tion of the southern States. The character of
j the legislation that is proposed in several of
f those States shows that the people there are
! not in a temper or tone of mind to legislate for
these freedmen, and we arc bound to protect
