1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
520
Laws of the United States.
39th Cows.... 1st
or freedmen, and received by any officer of the
United States Army, shall be charged against
such officer on the books of the Treasury De-
partment and accounted for by him in like
maimer as if such monies had been drawn from
the Treasury of the United States, .and if any
part thereof shall'have been expended for the
use of refugees or freedmen, the same shall be
passed to the credit of the officer, if, upon ex-
amination of his accounts, it shall appear to the
proper accounting officer of the Treasury De-
partment that the amount expended was prop-
erly disbursed for such refugees or freedmen,
and on the adjustment of the accounts of the
officer, if any balance shall remain in the hands
of such officer the same shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States, for a fund for
the relief of refugees and freedmen. And any
officer having such balance in his hands, who,
after being duly required, shall refuse or neg-
lect to pay over the same, or who shall, after
due notice, fail to settle his account, shall be
proceeded against in the same manner as is
provided for by existgig laws in the case of dis-
bursing officers who neglect or refuse to ac-
count for monies drawn from the Treasury of
the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatwhere
account's are rendered for expenditures for refu-
gees or freedmen under the approval and sanc-
tion of the proper officers, and which shall have
been proper aud necessary, but cannot be set-
tled lbr want of specific appropriations, the
same may be paid out of the fund for the relief
of refugees and freedmen, on the approval of
the Commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees
and Freedmen.
Approved, June 15, 1866.
ployed in the Patent Office from April first,
eighteen [hundred] and sixty-one until the first
day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, as examiners and assistant examiners of
patents, at the rates fixed by law for these re-
spective grades: Provided, That the same be
paid out of the Patent Office fund, and that
the compensation thus paid shall not exceed
that received by those duly enrolled as exam-
iners and assistant examiners of patents for the
same period.
Approved, June 18, 18S6.
Chap. CXXIV.—An Act to facilitate commer-
cial, postal, and military Communication
among the several States.
Whereas the Constitution of the United States
confers upon Congress, in express terms, the
power to regulate commerce among the several
States, to establish post roads, and to raise and
support armies: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That every railroad com-
pany in the United States, whose road is op-
erated by steam, its successors and assigns, be,
and is hereby, authorized to carry upon and
over its road, boats, bridges, and ferries all pas-
sengers, troops, Government supplies, mails,
freight, and property on their way from any
State to another State, and to receive com-
pensation therefor, and to connect with roads
of other States so as to form continuous lines
for the transportation of the same to the place
of destination: Provided, That this act shall
not affect any stipulation between the Govern-
ment of the United States and any railroad
company for transportation or fares without
compensation, nor impair or change the con-
ditions imposed by the terms of any act grant-
ing lands to any such company to aid in the
construction of its road, nor shall it be con-
strued to authorize any railroad company to
build any new road or connection with any
other road without authority from the State in
which said railroad or connection may be pro-"
posed.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress may at any time alter, amend, or repeal
this act.
Approved, June 15, 1866.
Chap. CXXVI.—An Act to authorize the Com-
missioner of Patents to pay those employed
as Examiners and Assistant Examiners the
Salary fixed by Law for the Duties performed
by them.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Patents is hereby authorized to pay those em-
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act for the Disposal of
the public Lands for Homestead actual Set-
tlement in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That from and after the
passage of this act all the public lands in the
States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Ar-
kansas, and Florida shall be disposed of accord-
ing to the stipulations of the homestead law of
twentieth May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, entitled "An act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain," and the
act supplemental thereto, approved twenty-first
of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, but
with this restriction, that until the expiration
of two years from and after the passage of this
act, no entry shall be made for more than a
half quarter section, or eighty acres; and in
lieu of the sum of ten dollars required to be
paid by the second section of said act, there
shall be paid the sum of five dollars at the time
of the issue of each patent; and that the pub-
lic lands in said States shall be disposed of in
no other manner after the passage of this apt:
Provided, That no distinction or discrimination
shall be made in the construction or execution
of this acton account of race or color: And
provided further, That no mineral lands shall
be liable to entry and settlement under its pro-
visions.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion second of the above-cited homestead law,
entitled "An act to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain," approved May
twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, be
so amended as to read as follows: that the per-
son applying for the benefit of this act shall,
upon application to the register of the land
office in which ho or she is about to make such
entry, make affidavit before the said register or
receiver that he or she is the head of a family,
or is twenty-one years or more of age, or shall
have performed service in the Army or Navy
of the United States, and that such application
is made for his or her exclusive use andbenefit,
and that said enti-y is made for the purpose of
actual settlement and cultivation, and not either
directly or indirectly for the use or benefit of
any oilier person or persons whomsoever; and
upon filing the said affidavit with the register
or receiver, and on payment of five dollars,
when the entry is of not more thaneighty acres,
he or she shall thereupon be permitted to enter
the amount of land specified: Provided, how-
ever, That no certificate shall be given or patent
issued therefor, until the expiration of five years
from the date' of such entry; and if, at the
expiration of such time, or at any time within
two years thereafter, the person making such
entry, or if he be dead, his widow ; or in case
of her death, his heirs or devisee ; or in case
of a widow making such entry, her heirs or
devisee, in case of her death, shall prove by two
credible witnesses that he, she, or they have
resided upon or cultivated the same for the term
of five years immediately succeeding the time
of filing the affidavit aforesaid, and shall make
affidavit that no part of said land lias been
alienated, and that he will bear true allegiance
to the Government of thelinited States; then,
in such case, he, she, or they, if at that time a
citizen of the United States, shall be entitled
to a patent, as in other cases provided bylaw:
And provided further, That in case of the death
of both father and mother, leaving an infant
child or children under twenty-one years of age,
the right and fee shall inure to the benefit of
said infant child or children; and the executor,
administrator, or guardian may, at any time
within two years after the death of the surviv-
ing parent, and in accordance with the laws of
the State in which such children, for the time
being, have their domicile, sell said land for
the benefit of said infants, but for no other pur-
pose; and the purchaser shall acquire the ab-
solute title by the purchase, and be entitled to
a patent from the United States on the pay-
ment of the office fees and sum of money herein
specified: Provided, That until the first day of
January, eighteenhundredandsixtj'-seven, any
person applying for the benefit of this act shall,
in addition to the oath hereinbefore required,
also make oath that he has not borne arms
against the United States, or given aid and
comfort to its enemies.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
the provisions of the said homestead law, and
the act amendatory thereof, approved March
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
so far as the same may be applicable, except so
far as the same are modified by the preceding
sections of this act, are applied to and made
part of this act as fully as if herein enacted and
set forth.
Approved, June 21, 1866.
Chap. CXXVIII.—An Act to reimburse the
State of West Virginia for Moneys expended
for the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and paying military Forces to aid in sup-
pressing the Rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That immediately after the
passage of this act the President shall appoint
three commissioners whose duty it shall be to
ascertain the amount of moneys expended by
the State of West Virginiain enrolling, supply-
ing, equipping, subsisting, transporting, and
paying such State forces as have been called
into service in said State since the twentieth
day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
to act in concert with the United States forces
in the suppression of rebellion against the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, lhattha
commissioners so appointed shall proceed at
once to examine all the expenditures made by
said State for thepurposes herein named, allow-
ing only for disbursements made and amounts
assumed by the State for enrolling, equipping,
subsisting, transporting, supplying, and paying
such troops as were called into service by the
Governor, at the request of the United States
department commander commanding the dis-
trict in which West Virginia may at the time
have been included, or by the express order,
consent, or concurrence of such commander,
or which may have been employed in suppress-
ing rebellion in said State. And no allowance
shall be made for any troops which did notper-
form actual military service in full concert and
cooperation with the authorities of the Lmted
States and subject to their orders.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, lhat in
making up said account, for the convenience
of the accounting officers of the Government,
the commissioners shall state separately the
amounts expended, respectively, for enrolling,
equipping, arming, subsisting, transporting, and
paying said troops, and from the aggregate
amount they shall deduct the amount of direct
tax due by iho said State to the (Tinted States
under the act entitled "An act to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes, ap-
proved August fifth, eighteen hundred and
S1'sk 4. And be it further enacted, That in
