1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■them. The other features of that bill only pro-
vide the legal machinery by which these rights
shall be secured to them ; and the last section,
which was most complained of, simply provides
that the President of the United States may,
if he sees proper, call into play the military
and naval forces of the United States to en-
force these rights; so that the whole bill is a
mere machine in the hands of the Executive.
The whole operation of the two bills about
which so much complaint has been made is sim-
ply to place the powers of this Government in
the hands of the President of the U nited States,
to enforce to the freedmen of the southern
States what the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky says Kentucky ought to and will secure
to the freedmen in that State. 1 say then, so
far as these two bills are concerned, it is my
deliberate judgment that there has been no
infringement of the Constitution, no oppression
upon any portion of the people. They simply
provide a way and manner in which the Presi-
dent of the United States may, in the exereisc
of his constitutional power, protect the freed-
men of the southern States from oppression
and wrong by loyal or disloyal people.
I do not intend to go into the discussion of
the other question that is now pending before
us involved in the constitutional amendment.
Upon that question, also, 1 intend to reserve
my opinion, and hear all that can be said about
it. It is the gravest and most important ques-
tion, as T think, that has ever been debated in the
American Senate. But one thing I know, and
which I can affirm in the outset, that never by
my consent shall these rebels gain by this war
increased political power, and come back here
to wield that political power in some other form
against the safety and integrity of the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I, like
the Senator from Ohio, have taken no part
whatever m the discussion upon the two bills
so very fiercely denounced by the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky. I believe I did not say
One word in reference to the bills while they
were pending ; nor have I said anything what-
ever upon the different propositions now pend-
ing for amending the Constitution. I am not
going to detain the Senate at. this hour, because
I know the (Senate is not disposed to hear any
argument, but I desire simply to express one
word of regret at a remark made by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. 1 am from a border State.
I know something of this rebellion. T have
had strong sympathies with the peoples of Ken-
tucky. The condition of the people of that
State is much the condition of the people of
my own State.
The Senator from Illinois introduced these
two bills, had them referred to the .Judiciary
Committee, and they were reported back to
this body, and passed. I voted for them. 1
believed then and I believe now that that legis-
lation is improper legislation. I voted for them
reluctantly, not because this Freedinen's Bu-
reau was carried over my State, for I made no
objection on that ground. I would not have
voted for it if it had not been carried to my own
State ; and if this amendment of the House of
Representatives is to be adopted I will not vote
for the bill. -1 want the bill to be made gen-
eral. If it is to be made special, if it is to be
applied to Kentucky only, I appreciate the
feeling that drove my friend from Kentucky to
make the most unfortunate remark that has
been made upon the floor of the Senate since
18G1. I sincerely hope, for the good of the
country, that the distinguished Senator may see
fit to take back what lie said a few moments
ago. Smarting under a remark from my friend
from Indiana, I think he has suffered himself
to make a remark that he himself must be sorry
for. Sir, we have had enough of disunion. I
hope that no Senator in the future will rise upon
this floor and talk, under any circumstances
whatever, of another war of rebellion against
the constituted authorities of this country. My
God! are we again to pass through the scenes
of blood through which we have passed for the
last four years ! Are we to have iliis war re-
peated? !so Freedinen's Bureau bill, no bill
for the protection of the rights of anybody,
shall ever drive me to dream of such a thing.
The objection to this legislation is apparent
to my mind and always has been. How is it
objectionable'.' Simply because it is anattempt
to get around that which is a decree of Almighty
God. Four million people have been made
free; that is, the shackles of slavery have been
stricken from their limbs, and they stand be-
fore us to-day, and we are called upon to say
what we will do with them. It is useless to get
up a Freedmen's Bureau bill to protect them.
You may send your agents into Alabama, Geor-
gia, and Louisiana, but let me tell you, you can-
not thus protect the freedmen of those States.
Did the southern States ever recapture any
runaway slaves in the northern States; No.
sir. Why? Because it was an attempt to bear
down the religious and moral sentiment of
the people, and it was utterly impossible to en-
force that law among a people who did not
believe that slavery was right in the sight of
God or of man. And yet the attempt was
vainly made from year to year to recapture
fugitive slaves. Will you now go into these
southern States and attempt by military officers,
one in each county, to protect the rights of the
freedmen ? While that man is protecting three
or four or five freedmen in his immediate vicin-
ity, thousands will be killed in other portions
of the country.
You cannot protect them in this way. But
suppose I had voted against that proposition;
I do not know that 1 can get what I want. I
live in a State that was a slaveholding State
until last January a year ago. I have been a
slaveholder all my life until the day when the
ordinance of emancipation was passed in my
State. I advocated it, and have advocated
emancipation for the last four years, at least
since this war commenced. Do you want to
know how to protect the freedmen of the south-
ern States? This bill is useless for that pur-
pose. It is not the intention of the honorable
Senators on this lloor from northern States who
favor this bill to send military men to plunder
the good people of Kentucky. It is an attempt
to enforce tins moral and religious sentiment,
of the people of the northern States. Sir, these
freedmen will be protected. The decree of
Almighty God has gone rorth, as it went forth
in favor of their freedom originally, that they
shall be endowed with all the rights that belong
to other men. Will yon protect them? Give
them the ballot, Mr. President, and then they
are protected, fApplause in the galleries.]
The PRBSID1NGOFFICER. Order! order!
Mr. HENDERSON. \ou wantnothing else
in the southern States. Away with all this non-
sense ! It is said that on one occasion, when a
people undertook to leave bondage and the
shackles of oppression, those who held them in
slavery and in bondage objected to their going,
plagues were sent upon those who held them;
finally the waters of Egypt were made bloody.
In order to get pure water, instead of going to
the streams that had been made to run with
blood—and the streams of the southern States
have for the last four years been made to run
with blood—the effort on the part of Pharaoh
was to dig wells in order to get pure water, not
supposing for an instant that, that which came
to the wells would be from the rivers and would
lie blood v also. This is anattempt on the part
of my friend from Illinois—and I have said so
to him privately, though 1 have takefi no part
in the debate—to dig a well in order to get pure
water: but he will never get it. It is a vain
attempt to protect men that you cannot protect
except by the ballot. My excellent, good friend
from Maine, [Mr. Feskexiiex.] a gentleman of
di stinguished abilities, a gentleman whose name
will go down to posterity, a gentleman wdio will
be known in the annals of fame when my name
is entirely forgotten, and the names, perhaps,
of many around me to-day—he, too, thinks that
lie can dig a well, and the committee on recon-
fmiction has du<r another well for pure water:
but the blood v.ill flow in it. and he will find
that al'iej all he has accomplished nothing ; ho
has done that which our fathers never would
have done_, separated representation and tasah
tion; and in after years; when all this difficulty
shall have been healed, when northern men
shall have gone and settled in the South and
southern men in the North, you by this amend-
ment give in Congr^s to the northern States
political power over these people in order to
impose unjust and burdensome taxation on
them; at least that will be said. Mr. Presi-
dent, away with this delusion! It is but another
effort to do that which you cannot do except in
one way.
I know that my Democratic friends will say
that this i^ radicalism. Sir, if I were Robert
E. Lee, if I were Jefferson Davis, if I were
Forrest, or any other leader of the rebellion in
the southern States, I would rather to-day take
unadulterated negro suffrage than to take the
badge this resolution imposes upon them. I
would rather take it than the badge offered by
the reconstruction committee. Why? Because
it is equaj all over the land. Introduce and
pass in this body and the House of Representa-
tives, by the requisite majority, a constitutional
amendment declaring that all men throughout
this broad land shall be entitled to the right of
suffrage. Do not let Connecticut vote by every
county in the Slate against negro suffrage, ana
then come and impose it on South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, or any other State. Donot
let N ew York come and say, "We, with the few
free negroes we have, will deny negro suffrage,
and yet force it upon South Carolina with a
majority of negroes." Fellow-Senators, bejust
and fear not. Do that which is light in your
own consciences and fear not the consequences.
Consequences will take care of themselves. Do
you intend to impose Federal taxes upon the
negroes of the South? If you do, give them
representation in Congress and give them rep-
resentation at home. Do the States intend to
impose taxation on the negroes? Of course
they will do so. Then give them representa-
tion in the State Legislatures. When that is
done, peace will reign throughout this land;
and from this day until the day that it is done
there will bo no peace. 1 do not pretend to
say what ought or ought not be done in each
particular Slate. I know that in the great State
of Missouri we have one hundred and fifty thou-
sand free negroes, while there is not a former
non-slaveholding State in the Union that has
perhaps one half of that number, and I say for
my constituents that I will agree to take negro
suffrage. Let oilier Senators from the north-
ern and southern States come up to the same
thing, and then we can have peace. Then you
may repeal your Freedmen's Bureau bill. Why?
The l'reedman will have the best protection in
the world; he will have entire protection, be-
cause those canvassers for public favor who go
before the people will be bound to go before the
negro, and they will find in the negro ten thou-
sand merits that they never found before.
I know perfectly well that that is the only
protection. You give it at home, you give it at
the fireside, you give it in the township, you
give it in the county, you give it everywhere.
You may send a legion of Federal office-holders
to the southern States, and instead of concil-
iating the people, instead of protecting the ne-
gro. you will damage the negro and irritate the
southern peojjle.
Sir, are wo doing any good here? Here is
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Guthrie,] a
gentleman whom I met in the early days of this
rebellion. I stood side by side with him in a
convention in the State of Kentucky met for
the purpose of putting down the iniquity then
started against the authorities of this land, and
I know his history during the whole war. He
has, however, unfortunately used an expression
to-day which, unless he takes an early oppor-
tunity to correct, it. will influence the minds and
hearts of the people of Kentucky, and in view
of his immense influence and his standing as a
statesman, and as a man of morality and integ-
rity, T cannot tell what the consequences may
be. U will inflame in all probability the people
of that State, and.perhaps produce in other
States consequences that ought not to be pro-
