330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 21,
39th Gong 1st Sess.
haws of the United States.
the adjustment of accounts under this act the
commissioners shall not allow for any expend-
iture or compensation for service at a rate
greater than was at the time authorized by the
laws of the United States in similar cases.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That so
soon as said commissioners shall have made up
said account and ascertained the balance, as
herein directed, they shall make written report
thereof, showing the different items of expend-
iture, as hereinbefore stated, to the Secretary
of the Treasury, wiio shall cause the same to
be examined by the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury, and said officer shall audit the
accounts as in ordinary cases; and if from
their report it shall appear that any sum re-
mains due to the said State, he shall draw his
warrant for the same, payable to the Governor
of said State, and deliver it to him.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid
shall, before proceeding to the discharge of
their duties, be sworn that they will carefully
examine the accounts existing between the Uni-
ted States and the State of West Virginia, and
that they will, to the best of their ability, make
a just, true, and impartial statement thereof, as
required by this act. They shall receive such
compensation for their services as may be de-
termined by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of three hundred and sixty-eight thousand
five hundred and forty-eight dollars and thirty-
seven cents be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated to carry this act into effect.
Approved, June 21, 18C6.
Chap. CXXIX.—An Act to establish a Hydro-
graphic Office in the Navy Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate andHouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be a
hydrographic office attached to the Bureau of
Navigation in theNavy Department, fortheim-
provcment of the means for navigating safely
the vessels of the Navy and of the mercan-
tile marine, by providing, under the authority
of the Secretary of the Navy, accurate and
cheap nautical charts, sailing directions, navi-
gators, and manuals of instructions, for the
use of all vessels of the United States, and for
the benefit and use of navigators generally.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorized to cause to be prepared, at the
hydrographic office attached to the Bureau of
Navigation in the Navy Department, maps,
charts, and nautical books relating to and
required in navigation, and to publish and
furnish them to navigators at the cost of print-
ing and paper, and to purchase the plates and
copyrights of such existing maps, charts, navi-
gators, sailing directions, and instructions as
he may consider necessary, and when he may
deem it expedient to do so, and under such
rules, regulations, and instructions as he may
prescribe.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
moneys which may be received from the sale
of all such maps, charts, and nautical books
shall be returned by the Secretary of the Navy
into the Treasury of the United States, to be
used in the further preparation and publication
of maps, charts, navigators, sailing directions,
and instructions for the use of seamen, and to
be sold at the rates as set forth in the preceding
section.
Approved, June 21, 1866.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act to incorporate the
"Howard Institute and Home'' of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That James M. Edmunds,
Sayles J. Bowen, Cordial Storrs, Augustin
Chester, John R. Elvans, J. Sayles Brown,
and Linus D. Bishop, and their associates and
successors, are hereby declared to be a body
politic and corporate, under the name and
style of "The Howard Institute and Home"
of the District of Columbia, and as such shall
have perpetual succession, with power to re-
ceive, purchase, and hold real or personal
property, and to be able to sue and be sued,
and to plead and be impleaded in all courts of
law and equity in the United States, and to
ordain and establish such by-laws, ordinances,
and regulations as may be deemed necessary
to carry into effect this act, and promote the
objects of the corporation hereby created.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
object for which this corporation is created is
declared to be the establishment of a charita-
ble institution for the instruction of freedmen
in the industrial pursuits of life and fit them
for independent self-support, and to afford a
temporary home for such freedmen as may,
from sickness, misfortune, age, or infirmity,
require fostering care until otherwise relieved.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
James M. Edmunds, Sayles J. Bowen, Cordial
Storrs, Augustin Chester, John R. Elvans, J.
Sayles Brown, and Linus ~D. Bishop, are
hereby appointed a board of managers of said
"Howard Institute and Home," for one year
from and after the passage of this act; and
that threafter a board of managers, consisting
of seven persons, shall be elected from and by
the contributors to the means to establish said
institution, for such time and according to
such rules as said corporation may establish.
And said board of managers shall have the
exclusive control of all the property, real or
personal, contributed or belonging to said
corporation, and to appoint such officers as
may bo deemed requisite for the conduct of its
business, for such time and at such salaries
as they may determine, and to change either
at pleasure.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, Thatthe cor-
poration hereby created shall be established and
maintained by voluntary contributions, gifts, do-
nations, or bequests of money and other prop-
erty, made to the same for that purpose. And
the board of managers shall cause a record to
be kept of all such contributions, gifts, dona-
tions, and bequests, with the name and resi-
dence of each person making the same, and of
all expenditures made by said board for the
establishment and conduct of said institute and
home, and make an annual report of the same,
exhibiting the several items of expenditure and
objects thereof, and generally the work accom-
plished by said corporation, to the Secretary
of the Interior, a copy of which report shall be
sent to each individual who shall have contrib-
uted not less than five dollars to said corpora-
tion during the year previous to the issuing of
said report.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress may, at any time, alter, amend, or annul
this act.
Approved, June 21, 18G6.
Chap. CXXXt.—An Act to regulate the Ap-
pointment of Paymasters in the Navy, and
explanatory of an Act for the better Organi-
zation of the Pay Department of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the appointments to
be made under the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the better organization of the pay de-
partment of the Navy," approved May third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, may be made
from the number of acting assistant paymas-
ters of the Navy who performed duty as acting
assistant paymasters during the war, and who
at the time of their appointment under this act
shall not be over the age of thirty-two years.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the
President of the United States be, and is here-
by, authorized to waive the examination of such
officers in the pay department of the Navy as
are on duty abroad, and cannot at present be
examined, as required by law: Provided, That
such examinations as are required by law shall
be made as soon as practicable after the return
of said officers to the United States, and no offi-
cer found to be disqualified shall receive the
promotion contemplated in the act herein re-
ferred to.
Approved, June 21, 1866.
Chap. CXXXII.—An Act authorizing the Res-
toration of Commander Charles Hunter to the
Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to restore Charles Hunter, late a commander
in the Navy, to the position which he held on
the retired list of the Navy when dismissed
therefrom.
Approved, June 21, 1866.
Chap. CXXXVIII.—An Act making Appro-
priations for the Repair, Preservation, and
Completion of certain Public Works hereto-
fore commenced under the Authority of Law,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That ythe following sums
of money be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be ex-
pended under the direction and superintend-
ence of the Secretary of War, for the repair,
preservation, and completion of the following
works,heretofore commenced under the author-
ity of law, and for the other purposes herein-
after named, that is to say :
For examination and' survey of works of
improvement for which appropriations have
been heretofore made, and concerning which
no sufficient information is now in possession
of the Department, and for examination and
survey at other points in the fourth section of
this act specified, that is to say, on the Atlan-
tic coast thirty thousand dollars; on the Pacific
coast twenty-five thousand dollars; on the
northwestern lakes one hundred thousand dol-
lars; on the western and northwestern rivers
one hundred thousand dollars. And the Sec-
retary of War, when the public interests require
it, shall cause examinations or reexaminations
to be made, with suitable surveys of the works
aforesaid, and all other works provided for by
this act, and shall make such changes or mod-
ifications of the plans heretofore adopted for
their improvement as shall be necessary and
proper. And he shall cause such needful ex-
amination of other harbors and places in the
fourth section of this act specified, upon the
sea and lake coasts, and on western rivers, to
be made as will enable him to determine what
improvements thereof are required to render
them safe and convenient for the navigation
of the naval and commercial vessels of the
United States and the cost of such improve-
ments, and he shall make full report thereof,
and of the plans deemed advisable therefor, to
Congress, at the commencement of the next
session, for such action as may be judged ex-
pedient and right. And if, upon such exam-
ination and survey of works first herein named,
being works now existing or in process of
completion, and concerning which no sufficient
information is now in the possession of the
Department, there shall remain an unexpended
balance of appropriation properly applicable
thereto from the sums herein appropriated,
which may, in the judgment of the Secretary
of War, be judiciously applied toward, the eco-
nomical and needful continuation or comple-
tion of such works, the Secretary of War shall
direct such balance to be applied and used ac-
cordingly ; but no moneys shall be used for
