3780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
ators to the Congress of the United States?
Has any act passed Congress injurious to the
interests of the country owing to this system
that would not have been passed if the system
now proposed had been adopted ?
Mr. President, I hold it to be a sound prin-
ciple that the Federal Government in its legis-
lative action should not interfere with the free-
dom of action of the States in reference to a
matter in' which they are peculiarly interested,
beyond the extent of absolute necessity. As
much freedom should be left to the several
States of the Union in selecting their Senators
in Congress, or in reference to other matters
in which they have a peculiar interest, as is pos-
sible consistent with the general good. Why,
Mr. President, if there had been any great
practical inconvenience experienced from the
operation of the present system, if such a meas-
ure as tiiis was called for by any great public
exigency, do you not suppose that themenwho
preceded us in these Halls would have per-
ceived it and would have remedied it? When
did the inconvenience begin to be experienced ?
What was the commencement of it? It may be
true that sometimes Legislatures have failed to
elect, but very seldom, and I do not know that
that has been any very great inconvenience.
If they had failed to elect a little oftener per-
haps it would have been for the public good,
but certainly the legislation of the country has
not suffered owing to this fact.
Then, sir, you propose to declare by Federal
law that the mode of electing Senators by the
States shall be by viva voce vote; and what is
the reason urged for it? That the people who
elected the members of the Legislature have an
interest to know how they vote. Is it possible
that we can persuade Ourselves that the people
who send a representative to the State Legisla-
ture do not know for what particular man that
representative votes, whether the vote be by
ballot or viva voce? I presume there is not a
State in this Union that when a Senator is
elected by their Legislature the people who
tend the members there do not know exactly
how their representative votes. There are
always plenty of aspiring men in every State
who wish to come to the Senate of the United
States, for now it has got to be a great thing
to come to the Senate of the United States,
and men go crazy for a seat in this body; there
are plenty of aspiring men who will have faith-
ful agents watching the vote of every member of
the Legislature, and who will know just as well
as the member knows himself how he votes ;
and no wrong can be perpetrated, I apprehend,
upon the constituency of amemberof the Legis-
lature because the vote is by ballot instead of
viva voce. There may be very strong reasons
urged why the vote should be by ballot. In
the State which I in part represent upon this
floor we have no viva voce vote, either at gen-
eral elections or in the Legislature, when it
comes to vote for State officers or members of
the Senate of the United States. There may
be members of the Legislature who are under
deep obligations to particular individuals, who
may be under pecuniary obligations to partic-
ular individuals. Such individuals may set
themselves up as candidates for a seat in the
Senate of the United States; they hold the
rod over such a member; they watch his vote.
If he votes out viva voce against the particular
person who has him in power, that power may
oe exercised to his ruin, provided the person
having the member in his power chooses to
exercise it. I am speaking now in case the
secret ballot could prevent the vote from being
made public.
Whatever advantage, therefore, there may
be, I apprehend is in behalf of the mode of
voting by ballot. Whatever of wrong might
arise, I apprehend might arise from the sys-
tem of voting viva voce. But, sir, I do not con-
sider it very material as far as the constituency
of the member is concerned whether the vote
is by ballot or viva voce, because, as I said
before, I apprehend the vote would bejust as
well known by one mode as the other.
But the point of my objection to this bill is
that it is an attempt to legislate by the Federal
Government in reference to every matter, to
leave nothing to the free option of the States
and to the State Legislatures. For one, sir, I
have seen enough of the grasping power of the
Federal Government, the attempt to swallow
up every right and privilege of the States, to
object on all occasions to any further attempt
to extend this power practically in the legisla-
tion of the country. Believing that the States
ought to be left free as to the mode and man-
ner of selecting their representatives in this
body, I am utterly opposed to this bill and
shall vote against it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I believe
the Constitution provides that we may pass
such a law as this in order to produce uniform-
ity in the mode of electing Senators to this
body; and therefore I can see no constitu-
tional objection to the legislation proposed. I
am opposed, however, to the first voting pro-
vided by the bill. It is provided that each
House shall vote by itself and record its vote,
and that both Houses shall meet the next day
to count over the result, and then if the two
Houses have not separately agreed upon the
same man they are to have an election by joint
ballot. I should have no objection to an elec-
tion by joint ballot after preliminary nomina-
tions in each House Substantially that is the
mode we have practiced in Kentucky from the
beginning. The two Houses agree upon a day
when they will go into convention and elect a
United States Senator. Each House, when
the day comes, puts its candidates in nomina-
tion and reports them to the other House, and
when it is seen who are nominated in each
House they proceed to vote. The name of
each member is called and he answers viva
voce for whom he casts his vote. The clerk
records, the votes and the two Houses compare
them by a committee, who report to each House
whether any person has got the majority. We
have had viva voce voting always in our legis-
lative elections, as, indeed, we vote at the polls
viva voce.
I think mischief might come, and it would
be likely to increase, by adopting the provis-
ion for the first day's voting, because, unless
the two Houses then chance to agree upon the
same man, they are not bound by that vote.
It is not provided in the bill that nobody else
shall be elected by the convention on the sec-
ond day, but some of those voted for on the
first day by the separate Houses. It leaves all
that unprovided for.
Then the provision that they shall continue
to vote and do nothing else until they elect a
Senator may create great difficulty. It may
be impossible to secure an election. The votes
may be scattered so that they can come to no
conclusion; but, according to this bill, when
they commence to elect they can do nothing
else until an election is secured. In our State
we tried the provision of a State law to say
when the Legislature should elect, and we,
regularly, as if it were to put ourselves in op-
position to the statute law of the State, con-
trive to postpone the election to some other
time. It might be a very great convenience
to have the election through at once, but if
you cannot make it at the time provided, can
it be made at any other time? No other busi-
ness can be done until it is made; all legisla-
tion is to be stopped. This feature of the bill,
I think, is decidedly objectionable.
I would have very little objection to this
bill if it merely provided for an election by
a joint vote of the two Houses, whether they
were brought into the same room to vote, or
whether the votes were cast in separate rooms
and compared by a committee, as is done in
Kentucky. There is very little difference be-
tween those two modes. Sometimes it is con-
venient, where you have large Halls, to get
them together. Sometimes, where you have
small Halls, you cannot very well get them all
together. *
There is something certainly due to the fact
that hitherto this entire matter has boon left
to the States, and the result has been to secure,
generally at least, a tolerable share of fair-
ness and success. It is impossible to adopt
any mode under which there may not some-
times be a contested election and charges of
unfairness. The Senator from Massachusetts
thinks that uniformity is a very great thing.
Sir, God, in making man and His other creat-
ures, did not set us that example. He made
us widely different. In all free countries,
where thought and action are free, the mode
and manner of doing everything cannot be
uniform. That is not to be expected. If
the substance, free choice and fair choice,
is secured, I think we ought to be satisfied.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the pending amendment offered by my col-
league, [Mr. Fessenden.]
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Fessenden, Howard. Mor-
rill, Pomoroy, and Saulsbury—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Cowan, Cragin,
Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster. Guthrie, Harris,
Howe, Kirkwood, Laneoflndiana, Morgan, Nesmith,
Norton, Poland, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willcy,
Williams, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler,
Creswell, Dixon, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nye, Ramsey;
Wright, and Yates—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not perceive, myself, any
necessity, or even propriety, for any legislation
upon this subject; but if Congress is to pass
any measure on the subject, I see no good
sense in prescribing two rules for the govern-
ment of the election, one to take place on the
first day and a different rule to be applicable
to the next or any subsequent day. If I under-
stand the bill, on the first day the two Houses
vote separately, and on the second day they
meet together in convention, and the Journals
of the two Houses of the first day are to be read,
and if upon reading the Journals of the two
Houses, on the second day, it is ascertained
that any one man has received a majority of
the votes of each House, he is to be declared
to be the duly elected Senator; but if, on the
contrary, no man has received a majority of
the votes of each House, the two Houses then
act as a joint convention and proceed to the
election of a Senator, upon the principle that
if any man receives a majority of the aggregate
vote of both Houses in this joint convention
he is to be the Senator.
I think the last is the simplest rule and most
practical. That rule would always, or nearly
always, result in the choice of a Senator. The
rule, though provided here for controlling the
election on the first day, practically would not
produce an election at all, because it would
often occur that the same man would not get
a majority of the votes of each House. Why,
then, postpone the election from the first to
the second or subsequent day ? Why not adopt
therulefor thefirstday'svotingthat is adopted
for the subsequent day's voting, and proceed
to an election upon the simplest rule and in
the shortest time practicable? I suppose that
in many cases it would result in no election
whatever on the first day, and that the con-
vention of the two Houses that is provided for
would necessarily be required; ana in all cases
where the convention became necessary, the
simple rule of electing upon joint ballot, and
he who received the majority of the whole
vote upon joint ballot being elected, would be
adopted. I am in favor of adopting it for the
first day's operation.
My colleague stated correctly what has been
the practice of our Legislature from the begin-
ning of the State, and it seems to me that that
is a simple, certain, and equitable mode of
making the election. It does not introduce
the confusion of bringing the two Houses into
one Chamber and there having a commingled
vote, but its practical effect is the same. The two
Hguses vote separately for whom they please.
They interchange messages; and upon the in-
terchange of messages, if it is found that any
candidate has received a majority of the aggre-
gate vote of both Houses, he is declared sleeted.
