1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
A bill (H. R. No. 371) to grant a pension to
Leonard St. Clair;
A bill (H. R. No. 458) granting pension to
Sarah E. Pickell;
A bill (H. R. No. 459) granting pension to
Anna E. Ward;
A bill (H. R. No. 460) granting pension to
Spencer Kellogg;
A bill (H. R. No. 461) granting pension to
Ann Sheehey;
A bill (H. R. No. 462) granting pension to
Mrs. Sally Andrews;
A bill (H. R. No. 463) for the relief of James
Foster; and
A bill (H. R. No. 464) for the relief of John
Gordon.
These bills were severally read twice by their
titles and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
equalization op bounties.
Mr. WRIGHT presented resolutions of a
mass meeting held atBordentown, New Jersey,
in favor of the equalization of soldiers' boun-
ties ; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
insist upon its amendments disagreed to by the
House of Representatives to the bill (H. R.
No. 122) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th of June,
1867, and disagree to the amendment of the
House to other amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the conference asked by the House of
Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and by unani-
mous consent, at the suggestion of Mr. Fessex-
den, the President pro tempore was authorized
to appoint the committee of conferenco on the
part of the Senate.
adjournment until monday.
Mr. SUMNER. T move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
emma j. hall.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of
Emma J. Hall was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 6, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
bankrupt law.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted resolutions of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the eity of Milwaukee, in favor of a
bankrupt law ; which were read, and referred
to the special committee on bankruptcy.
documents for house reporters.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire into and report upon the expedi-
ency of furnishing to each of the House reporters
for the Congressional Globe two copies of each
printed bill and resolution of the Senate and House
of Representatives.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER stated, as the regular order
of business, the calling of committees for re-
ports of a private nature, commencing with
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
pension office.
Mr. PERIIAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back House bill No.
278, to amend the several acts relative to the
organization of the Pension Office, with a sub-
stitute ; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
adverse reports.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, submitted adverse reports on
the following petitions and memorials; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
The petition of H. Hough, of Susan T. Wil-
liamson, of James Whaley, Alexander Mc-
Clan, and Charles Williams, of Mrs. Mary
K. Hall, widow of Lieutenant Hall, of George
P. Rensburg, of Hon. T. W. Powell, and others,
citizens of Ohio, and of George Clark.
susan meadoil.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, submitted an adverse report on
the bill for the relief of Susan Meador.
simeon alfred.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Simeon
Alfred, and one hundred and seventy others,
citizens of Dearborn county, Indiana, and the
same was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
jane v. netiiay7ay.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back Senate bill
No. 115, entitled ''An act for the relief of Jane
W. Nethaway." *
The bill was read. It directs the payment
of a pension from the 20th of September, 1804,
during her widowhood, at the rate allowed by
law to the widow of a first lieutenant.
The bill was oidered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.#
emma j. hall.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back Senate bill No.
181, for the relief of Emma Jane Hall, with an
amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place the name of
Emma Jane Hall, widow of Perry Hall, deceased,
late chaplain of the seventy-ninth Indiana volun-
teers, on the pension rolls at the rate now prescribed
by law for officers of his rank, and to be continued
dining her widowhood.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to a
third reading, and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vgte
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports on the
petition of Alfred Merrill, of Wisconsin, and
of John Hyatff of Harper's Ferry, West Vir-
ginia; which were severally laid upon the table,
and oidered to be printed.
thomas iickley.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, reported back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, a bill
for the relief of Thomas Hurley, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute. The sub-
stitute directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Thomas Hurley, late a pri-
vate in company K, eighth Tennessee cavalry,
on the pension roll at the rate of twenty dollars
a month.
The report of the committee was read.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I move the
previous question on the substitute.
Mr. BOIiTWELL. 1 would inquire whether
the pension proposed here is the same that is
allowed to persons who have been disabled to
an equal extent in the regular service.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
The substitute was agreed to. The bill was
then ordered to be engrossed and read a third,
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time and passed.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
•william blair.
Mr. HARDING, of 'Kentucky, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of William Blair,
praying for a pension; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
saraii e. pickell.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to the widow of Colonel John Pickell;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Sarah E. Bickell, widow
of Colonel John Pickell, on the roll of invalid
pensioners, and pay the sum of fifty-seven dol-
lars per month to her, or in the event of the
marriage or death of the said widow, then to
the children, subject to the restrictions of the
pension laws.
_ M*. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have the report read. It seems to ine'
that this is an entirely new principle.
The report was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So far as
the first-portion of that bill is concerned I shall
interpose no objection; but that portion of it
which provides that the pension shall go to the
children after the marriage or death of the
widow is incorporating a new principle, and to
which I shall object. In all the bills we have
passed the pension has been limited to the
widowhood.
Mr. TAYLOR. This bill is in conformity
with the general pension law, and that pro-
vision is put in to prevent the necessity of the
children coming to Congress and asking a spe-
cial act. That is the reason of it, and it is in
conformity with the general pension law. The
Commissioner of Pensions refuses to continue
the pensions where they are granted by special
act, and the object is to avoid the necessity of
a separate application, if there are children
under sixteen years of age.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill conform to what is the universal practice
of the House.
Mr. MORRIS. If I understand the rule, in
the event of the marriage of the widow, or her
death, the pension goes to the minor children,
and ceases when they arrive at majority. I
understand that to be the rule. Certainly it
is equitable. This Government can afford to
take care of the widows and orphans, until
they arrive at majority, of those who laid down
their lives for the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman may be right as to the general pension
law. But what I say is, that this bill introduces
a new principle in our legislation. Heretofore,
in every case where we have passed a special
bill for the relief of a widow, we have confined
it to her widowhood or natural life. Now,
in this case, the paijjy is not entitled to any
pension under the general law ; but it is pro-
posed to go further in this than in any other
case. Now, I am as patriotic a man as any,
I think, and as willing to go as far as any one.
But I think this is a dangerous principle, and
should not be adopted in this House.
Mr. TAYLOR. This bill comes within the
spirit of the general pension law. It merely
continues the pension, in case this widow dies
or marries, to her children until the age of six-
teen.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I understand the objec-
tion of the distinguished gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] to the principle involved
