1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
those who inherit northeastern opinions, to
compel and conquer love, a thing impossible,
and the strangest paradox that could be named
in thought. Can we be one unless we agree to
be one? Can we be one without conciliation?
Napoleon said that when ho had conquered
victory, Frenchmen were friends of the van-
quished, enemies no longer; and that is the
true law of all high, civilized races. There
seems to be a disposition to trample down o,nd
destroy and tread in the dust all those who have
been our adversaries. Now, 1 say after they
are down, T want to give them my right hand
and lift them up. They shall be my equals and
peers again, and those who do not say thus are
false to their high office in Senate hall or in
council chamber.
Mr. JOHNSON. The immediate question
before the Senate is the amendment proposed
by the Committee on the Judiciary, the effect
of which, if adopted by the Senate, is to make
the bill general instead of local, as it was meant
to be by the action of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the honor-
able Senator from Illinois to say he desired a
vote this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we may get a vote
to-night and dispose of this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but a word to say.
I cannot vote for the bill for reasons that I as-
signed very briefly on a former occasion, because
I do not think we have the power to pass it.
The object of the bill is a very correct one;
these people should be taken care of; and as
it is equally applicable to the whites and to the
blacks, and the whites in many of the States
requiring as much protection as the blacks, I
would very willingly vote for the bill if I thought
we had the power to pass it; but on the ques-
tion of power I have no disposition now or per-
haps at any time in the present stage of this bill-
to trouble the Senate. I rise principally for the
purpose of saying that the information upon
which my colleague acted—I only regret that
he is not here; 1 would not speak on the sub-
ject if he would bo here before the bill was dis-
posed of—is not to be relied upon. I have upon
my table a letter written by two of the Senators
from the section of the State to which he re-
ferred.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senator from
Maryland will give way, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I hope we
shall dispose of the bill. I feel compelled to
call for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Davis, Guthrie,
Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Riddle, Sauls-
bury. Stockton, and Van Winkle—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Dixon, Fessenden. Foot,Foster, Grimes, Harris.How-
ard, Howe, Kii'kwood, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, llamsey. Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wliley, Williams, and Wil-
S°ABSENT — Messrs. Buckalew, Cragin, Creswell,
Doolittle, Henderson, Lane of Indiana, N osmith, N or-
ton, Sprague, Wright, andYates—11. ,
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I stated when the mo-
tion to adjourn was made, I rose merely for the
purpose of setting right the State which I in
part represent, or that section of the State
which was supposed to have beon so insubor-
dinate as to render it necessary to apply this
law to Maryland. My friend and colleague
received information that a great outrage had
been perpetrated in a portion of Maryland
which showed the necessity of having this bill
operate in that State, and it was at his instance
in part that the bill as it originally was drafted
bv the honorable member from Illinois, which
as I think was confined to States that had been
in rebellion, was extended so as to apply to
all the States of the Union, and of course to
Maryland. 1 hold in my hand a letter received
this'morning from two of the members of the
Senate of Maryland now m session at Annap-
olis, from the two counties in one of which it
is supposed the supposed outrage existed, and
in both of which it was supposeed that eombi-,
nations existed to interfere with the rights of'
the freedmen. I read, merely for the purpose
of justifying that portion of my constituents,
what they say:
" These facts, as wehavolearned them from unques-
tionable Union sources, (we use the term 'Union
sources' in a party sense,) are substantially as fol-
lows: the 'colored man, John Mills,' referred to in
Murray's letter"—
The Senate will remember that my colleague
said that a colored man named John Mills had
been ruthlessly murdered by a rebel soldier—
"The colored man. John Mills, and anumber of other
persons, white and black, were assembled in a drink-
ing shop in Worcester county, near the Virginia line.
The negro Mills, and a Virginian, who is reported as
having been in the rebel army, got into a drunken
broil, andboth, armed with clubs, fought. Durmgthe
meUe the negrp John Mills received a blow on the head
from the hand of his antagonist, from the effects of
which he subsequently died. The civil authorities ot
Worcester county, as we have been informed, have
used every means in their power to secure the arrest of
the guilty party, whoso flight to Virginia, beyond then-
reach, alone prevented its consummation."
And in relation to the ability of the State to
protect all aithin her borders, the Senate will
permit me to call their attention for a moment
to what was said yesterday by the present Gov-
ernor of Maryland, a man thoroughly loyal,
elected because of his supposed ultra loyalism,
in answer to the presentation to him of the pro-
ceedings of a convention of Union men in the
city of Baltimore:
"He pointed out to the committee that they had
failed to support his position regarding negro suf-
frage. Oil lliecontrary, by indorsing Mr. Pilkington,
the only Union member of the Assembly who opposed
the Governor's message, the convention hadseemingly
disapproved of the gubernatorial position, and ac-
quiesced in the extreme radical party, who. like Mr.
Pilkington. were urging their views upon the people
of the State. He also thought that the indorsement
of Mr. Creswcll's vote in favor of the Freedmen 'a
Bill can bill ill Congress was disparaging to a Gov-
ernor of a loyal State. For himself he did not want
the aid ot the United States, thiough this bureau, to
guaranty m Marj land the negro all protection of per-
son and property: and if need be was willing to in-
voke the whole power of the State to this end; but, he
consideied himsclj, as Governor of Maryland, fully
qunlified to execute th e duties of his oilicc. He wished
to be clearly understood that he was not in favor ot
thrusting negro suftrage upon the State," ~ *
" and could never indorse the course of Mr.
Creswell in his attempt to introduce the Federal au-
thority into Maryland, or any other loyal State, for
the purpose ot protecting the freedmen in their rights
of person or property.''
I have thought it my duty, Mr. President, to
call the attention of the Senate, and all that por-
tion of the country who may feel an interest
in the present condition of the State of Mary-
land, to what 1 have just presented to the
Senate coming from two loyal men, members
of the Senate immediately from the locality
where the supposed outrage was committed and
the supposed combination was said to exist,
and coming from the Governor who has recently
been elected by a very decided fote, and elected
by a vote confined, under the law of Maryland,
to those who have been loyal throughout. I
am now, if possible, more satisfied than I was
before that there is no more necessity of ap-
plying this law to the State of Maryland than
there is to the State of Maine or the State of
Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this bill came
back from the House of Representatives yester-
day after the Senate had convened, if I recol-
lect aright; and it was printed and laid on the
tables of Senators only this morning after the
session opened. T have not had anopportunity
to read the substitute bill which was offered and
accepted by the House as an amendment. I
do not see any extraordinary reason for hurry-
ing this bill so rapidly through the Senate. I
therefore move that this subject be ^made the
special order for half past twelve o clock to-
morrow, to give myself and other gentlemen
who choose to examine the bill an opportunity
of doing so.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
committee.
Mr. HEXDRICKS and others. What is the
amendment?
The Secretary. In the first section of the
amendment ofthe House of Representatives the
committee propose the following amendment:
Inline eight strike out the words "within which the
privilege of the writ of Itabeas corpus was suspended
on the 1st day of February, 1866;" so as to read:
The President may divide the section of country
containing such refugees and freedmen into districts,
&e.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of tlife
Senator from Illinois if that is an amendment
from the committee or a proposition of his
own.
Mr. TRUMBULL-. It is the amendment of
the committee, considered, I think, when the
Senator was present. We considered it for an
hour at the last meeting.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the proposi-
tion was to limit it to the States in which sla-
very had been abolished since 1860.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, that was not the
agreement of the committee. It was to strike
this out and leave the bill as we passed it in
this respect.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I remember I went to
the Committee oil Naval Affairs before it was
concluded. I thought that was decided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The conclusion to which
the committee came was to strike out these
words.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the amendment ex-
tends the bureau all over the States, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say in behalf of
my colleague, that he has paired off with the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Riddle] and has
left the Chamber.
Mr. POLAND. I was desired by my col-
league to say that ho had arranged to meet Mr.
Bancroft at the depot and accompany him to
the President's House; and having to be ab-
sent for that reason, he has paired off with the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johxsox.]
Mr. STOCKTON. My colleague [Mr.
Wright] desired me to state if his name was
called, that he had gone home to New Jersey
exceedingly ill, and was necessarily absent from
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agreed to pair off with
one of the Senators from Vermont, who was
called away by business connected with the
orders of the Senate, which he was obliged to
attend to. He would have voted for the bill,
and I against it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My colleague informs
'me that he has paired off on this bill with the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 7 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonv, Clark, Conness, Dixon,
Doolitt.e, Fessenden, Foster, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe. Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane of Indi-
ana, Morgan, Morrill, Nyo, Poland, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sherman. Stewart. Sumner,Trumbull,Van Win-
kle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Guthrio, Hendricks,
McDougall, Saulsbury, and Stockton—7.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler,
Cragin, Creswell, Foot, Grimes, Lane of Kansas,
Ncsmith, Norton, Riddle, Sprague, Wright, and
Y ates—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GUTHRIE. The bill, I suppose, is sub-
ject to further amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was going through with the amendments of the
committee, and will attend to the amendment
of the Senator after going through with those
amendments.
The next amendment was m section five, line
eight, after the word "owner" to insert "his
heirs'or assigns;" so as to read, "unless a set-
tlement shall be made with said occupant by
the former owner, his heirs or assigns, satisfac-
tory to the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section five, line fifteen, after the word "oc-
cupant" to insert "upon the terms and con-
ditions named in section four of this act;' so
as to read, " to procure other lands for them by
rent or purchase, not exceeding forty acres for
