1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831'
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....HtSess.
such purposes, excepting from the balances
remaining from appropriations herein made
for the specific examination and survey of such
works.
For extending the breakwater at Portland'
harbor, Maine, one hundred and five thousand
one hundred and eleven dollars and five cents.
For improvement of navigation of Hudson
river, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For preservation of Provincetown harbor,
Massachusetts, forty-three thousand and sixty-
eight dollars and forty-four cents.
For improvement of Thames river, Connec-
ticut, ten thousand dollars.
For extension and' repair of breakwater at
Burlington, Vermont, twenty-seven thousand
six hundred and seventy-two dollars and twenty
cents.
For completion and repair of Delaware
breakwater, Delaware bay, one hundred and
seven thousand nine hundred and ten dol-
lars.
For improving channel of Susquehanna river
below Havre de Grace, Maryland, twenty-six
thousand four hundred dollars.
_ For continuing improvement of Patapsco
river, Maryland, five thousand two hundred
dollars.
For construction of snag-boats and other
apparatus for clearing western rivers, and for
the outfit, working, and preservation thereof,
five hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby au-
thorized and directed, upon such terms as may
be agreed on by the Secretary of the Navy
and the Secretary of War, to transfer to and
place at the disposal of the Secretary of War
such steamers of the United States, with boats
and equipage belonging thereto, and used dur-
ing the rebellion as portions of the river fleet,
as may be so transferred in the judgment of
the Secretary of the Navy without detriment to
the public service, and as may be conveniently
and fitly used in raising snags or removing ob-
structions from western rivers, so as to render
them safe and navigable for the vessels of the
United States and for the uses of commerce ;
and if the same shall be purchased by the Sec-
retary of War, the amounts required for the
payment therefor shall be taken from the ap-
propriation aforesaid.
For improving the mouth of the Mississippi
river, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For improvgment of the Mississippi, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, and Ohio rivers, five hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Des Moines rapids,
Mississippi river, two hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For improvement of the Rock Island rapids,
Mississippi river, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For improvement of the St. Clair fiats, Michi-
gan, eighty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Saint Mary's river,
between Lake superior and Lake Huron, fifty
thousand dollars.
For improvements of Oswego harbor, New
York, and preservation of the public works at
that point, forty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement at Little Sodus Bay har-
bor, Fairhaven, in Cayuga county, New York,
thirty-three thousand eight hundred and forty
dollars and forty-one cents.
For improvement at Big Sodus Bay harbor,
Wayne county, New York, fifty-three thousand
one hundred and fifty-one dollars and eighty
cents.
For improvement at the harbor of Genesee
river, New York, seventy-five thousand six hun-
dred and seven dollars and thirty cents.
For improvement of harbor at Buffalo, New
York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For completing the sea-wall at Buffalo har-
bor, New York, thirty-one thousand dollars.
For improvement of harbor and repair of
public works at Brie, Pennsylvania, thirty-six
thousand nine hundred and sixty-one dollars.
For improvement of Conneaut harbor, Ohio,
twenty thousand five hundred and thirteen dol-
lars and seventy-four cents.
For improvement of Ashtabula harbor, Ohio,
twenty-four thousand seven hundred and eight
dollars and eighty-two cents.
For improvement of harbor at Grand river,
Ohio, twenty-four thousand and seventy-two
dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Cleveland,
Ohio, fifty-nine thousand eight hundred and
six dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Black river,
Ohio, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Vermillion,
Ohio, fifteen thousand three hundred and fif-
teen dollars and seventy-four cents.
For improvement of harbor at Huron, Ohio,
thirty-nine thousand dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Sandusky
City, Ohio, thirty-eight thousand five hundred
and eighty dollars.
For improvement of the harbor at Toledo,
Ohio, twenty thousand dollars.
For improvement of the harbor at Monroe,
Michigan, thirty-one thousand and fifteen dol-
lars and twenty-seven cents.
For improvement of harbor at Aux Bees
Scies, Frankfort, Michigan, eighty-eight thou-
sand five hundred and forty-one dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Grand Haven,
Michigan, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Black Lake,
Michigan, fifty-five thousand six hundred anil
fifteen dollars and thirty-one cents.
For improvement of harbor at Saint Joseph,
Michigan, six thousand dollars.
For improvement at the mouth of Saginaw
river, Michigan, sixty-seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Chicago, Illi-
nois, eighty-eight thousand seven hundred and
four dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Kenosha,
Wisconsin, seventy-five thousand four hun-
dred and sixty-one dollars and forty-one cents.
For improvement of harbor at Kaciuc, Wis-
consin, twenty-three thousand nine hundred
and ten dollars.
For improvement of harbor at Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, forty-eight thousand two hundred
and eighty-three dollars and fifty-one cents.
For improvement of harbor at Sheboygan,
Wisconsin, forty-seven thousand five hundred
and ninety-eight dollars and ninety-one cents.
For improvement of harbor at Manitowoc,
Wisconsin, fifty-two thousand dollars.
.For repairs of Government wharves and
landings, and improving harbor at Marcus
Ilook, on Delaware river, Pennsylvania, five
thousand dollars: Provided, That before ex-
penses shall be incurred on said wharves and
landings, it shall be shown to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of War that the same belong
to the United States.
For improvement of the harbor at Green
Bay, at the mouth of Fox river, Wisconsin,
thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For constructing works and improving the
entrance into the harbor of Michigan City, In-
diana, seventy-five thousand dollars: Provided,
That it shall be first shown to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of War that a sum equal to
double the amount aforesaid has been expended
by the Michigan City Harbor Company in the
construction of a safe and convenient harbor
at that place: And provided, That the passage
of vessels to and from said harbor shall be free
and not subject to toll or charge.
For improvement of the Kennebec river, in
the State of Maine, between Sheppard Point
and the city of Augusta, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For removal of obstructions to navigation
in the Willamette river, between Portland and
its mouth, in the State of Oregon, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the, repair of the piers in Saco
river, in the State of Maine, forty thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
money appropriated by this act shall be so
applied as to complete, or make the nearest
approximation to completing, the work for
which each specific appropriation is made; and
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to
apply the sums herein appropriated for other
purposes than for examinations and surveys by
contract: Provided, That no contract shall be
made except after public advertisement for pro-
posals in such form and manner as to secure
general notice thereof, and the same shall only
be made with the lowest responsible bidder
therefor, upon security deemed sufficient in the
judgment of the Secretary. And it shall be
the duty of the said Secretai-y, at the earliest
practicable time, to report to Congress the re-
sult of any survey or resurvey, with the plan
adopted and the items of expenditure under
said plan; and he shall make report of all
action taken under the provisions of this act;
and he shall accompany said report with a
statement of the amount and date of all former
appropriations for each work, and a full esti-
mate for its entire and permanent completion,
with the amount that can be profitably ex-
pended in the next fiscal year. And he shall
also state in what collection district each work
is located, and at or near what port of entry,
light-house, or fort; what amount of revenue
was collected at the nearest port of entry for
the last fiscal year; and, as far as practicable,
what amount of commerce and navigation
would be benefitted by the completion of each
particular work: Provided, That he shall con-
tinue to make such a report at the commence-
ment of every session of Congress until the
works herein provided for shall all be Com-
pleted.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the Secretary of War shall invite propos-
als for any works, or for any material or labor
for any works, there shall be separate pro-
posals and separate contracts for each work,
and also for each class of material or labor for
each work; and ho shall report to Congress, at
its next session, all the bids with the names of
the bidders. AH persons not holding commis-
sions in the regular Army of the UnitedStat.es
who shall bo intrusted with the disbursement
of the funds appropriated for the works named
in this act, shall bo required to give bond and
ample security for the faithful application of
the same: and no such disbursing officer in the
Army of the United States shall receive any
commission or compensation for making such
disbursements. And the moneys hereinbefore
appropriated shall remain and be at the dis-
posal of the Secretary of War, and subject to
his control for the purposes named in this act,
until the several works and improvements
herein provided for are completed, any law or
regulation to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to cause
examinations or surveys, or both as aforesaid,
to be made at the following points, namely:
at Superior City, Eagle Harbor, Marquette,
and Lac La Belle, on Lake Superior, and at
Ausable river, in the State of Michigan; of the
Ohio river between Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
and Buffinton Island, West Virginia; of San-
dusky river, Ohio; at Chester harbor, Penn-
sylvania; at Bridgeport, Connecticut; at Hell
Gate, New York; at the port of Ogdensburg,
New York; at San Francisco, California; at
the ''Grand Chain," in the Ohio river; at the
harbor of Baltimore, between Fort McHenry
and the mouth of the Patapsco river, in the
State of Maryland; of the Mississippi river,
between Fort Snelling and the Falls of Saint
Anthony and the Upper or Kock river rapids
of the Mississippi river, with a view to ascer-
tain the most feasible means, by economizing
the water of the stream, of insuring the pas-
sage, at all navigable seasons, of boats draw-
