2772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Fourtli amendment:
Add at the end'of tho bill the following:
Provided, That the authority hereby crranted shall
expire on the first Monday in January, A. D. 1867.
Mr. LB BLOND. Reserving the right to
object, I wish to ask one question—whether
this does not take from thePresident the ap-
pointing power and confer it upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir, not at all. .1 will
state what I understand to be the reason of
this change. As the House passed the resolu-
tion it provided that the President, through the
Secretary of War, should when necessary au-
thorize the military and naval forces to enforce
through certain southern States quarantine
laws. The Senate changed that whole pro-
vision so as to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to direct revenue officers and officers
commanding revenue- cutters to aid all the
States in the enforcement of their different
quarantine regulations. It has no reference
to appointments at all. 1 call the previous
question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to examine the bill to see what the
amendments are, and for the present I shall
have to object to its consideration.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The gentleman
cannot do that, now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman reserved
the right to object.-
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. ROSS, byunanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, and
under the law referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That in viow of the greatdemand for and
high appreciation of the Report of the Commissioner
oi Agriculture for the year 1861, by the agriculturists
of the country, tbo Committee ou Printing be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of having
printed for distribution an extra number of copies,
equal to tho number published for the year 1863.
INDIAN SCHOOLS.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to examine into and inform the House, as
soon as practicable, how muc-h money has heretofore
been appropiiated for the erection of school-houses
and the maintenance of schools at the different In-
dian agencies within the Dakota Indian superintend-
eney, and the manner in which tbe same has been
expended, together with the present condition of said
agencies and the manner in which tho business of
said superintendency and agencies has been eon-
ducted.
MARRIAGES IM DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for legalizing marriages, and
for other purposes, in the Districtof Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
PROPAGATION OP FOREST TREES.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent,
moved that the Committee on Agriculture be
discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 423, donating'public lands to
the American Forest Tree Propagation and
Land Company, for conducting experiments
respecting forest-tree culture calculated to
prevent the destruction and encourage the
production of forests in America, and that the
same bo laid upon the table.
Tho motion was agreed to.
FUEEDMEN'S BUREAU.
Mr. PRICE demanded the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour
had commenced, and the House resumed the
consideration of House billNo. 613, to continue
in force and amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees,'' and for other purposes.
The reading of the bill, begun yesterday, was
then concluded.
Mr. ELIOT. I have two or three amend-
ments to offer. I move in line five, section one,
to strike out "three" and insert "two;" so it
will read:
That the act to establish a Bureau for the Belief
of Freedmen and Refugees, approved March 3,1865,
shall continue in force for the term of two years iroin
aud after the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move in the third section
after the word "clerk" to insert the words
"not heretofore authorized by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CIIANLER. Is the printed bill upon
our table?
The SPEAKER. It was ordered to be
printed yesterday, and is now ready for distri-
bution.
Mr. ELIOT. I move in section five to
insert "one" instead of "three;" so it will
read "one million acres."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to know wherein
this bill differs from the one recently vetoed
by the President.
Mr. ELIOT. I will answer that presently.
Mr. CHANLER. I expect the gentleman
to answer it, for it is vital to the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I now move to recommit the
bill.
Mr. Speaker, I will endeavor to explain the
bill, and to ansiver the inquiry of the gentle-
man from New York. I propose to take up
the bill section by section.
• The first section continues the bureau for a
term of two years. Gentlemen will see that
that differs from the bill vetoed by the Presi-
dent, which was indefinite in its duration.
This continues the bureau for two years, and
removes one objection. If it becomes neces-
sary at the end of that time further to con-
tinue the bureau Congress will take whatever
action may be deemed proper.
The second section provides the care of the
bureau shall be extended to all loyal refugees
and freedmen. This is necessary. The law
of March, 1865, was passed before the amend-
ment abolishing slavery. It was passed before
any slaves were made free except by military
order or military proclamation. There has
been no law passed since the constitutional
amendment was ratified. There has been no
law, therefore, as I shall show in another con-
nection, which embraces in its affirmative pro-
visions any freedmen except such as were de-
clared free by the action of their own States or
by the military proclamation of commanders
or of the President. All other freedmen who
were the subjects of emancipation by constitu-
tional amendment are not at this time guarded
by any affirmative provision of law which Con-
gress has enacted. The second section also
varies from the previous law, which did not
receive the sanction of the Executive. It de-
fines the purpose of the law in the care of the
freedmen, providing that such care shall only
be extended to them as shall be necessary to
enable them as speedily as practicable to
become self-supporting citizens of the United
States, and to aid them in making the freedom
which has been conferred by constitutional
amendment available to them and beneficial
to the Republic.
The third section simply confers upon the
President the power to appoint two assistant
commissioners in addition to those authorized
by the act of March, 1865. That act called
for the appointment of a commissioner in each
of the States which had been in rebellion. It
was found absolutely necessary that the care
of the bureau should be extended to other
States, and under the authority of law there
has been no power to appoint assistant com-
missioners excepting in those ten States. The
object of this is, therefore, simply to authorize
the appointment of two more assistant com-
missioners.
The bill which was heretofore passed called
for a territorial division of the country into
districts, and it was thought unwise by the
President that such power should be given
and that such districting should be had. This
bill contains no such provision. It simply
authorizes the appointment of two assistant
commissioners, and that the different commis-
sioners, under the President, shall have charge
each of one district to be assigned him by the
President where his service can be best em-
ployed. The former bill was objected to upon
the ground that it called for the appointment
of officers, clerks, and agents in all parts of
the United States, and that the possible ex-
pense might run up to a very large amount.
The present bill avoids the districting of the
country, and it confines the appointment of
clerks or officers in this way : that the Com-
missioner shall, under the direction of the
President, and so far as the same shall be in
the judgment of the President necessary for
the efficient and economical administration of
the affairs of the bureau, appoint such agents,
clerks, and assistants as may be required for
the proper conduct of the bureau. It also
provides that each agent or clerk, not being a
military officer, shall have an annual salary
of not less than §500, nor more than $1,200,
according to the service required of him. It
will be found that the amount of compensation
that is fixed is so moderate and the limitation
upon the appointment of clerks and agents so
defined, that the bill cannot be fairly exposed
to criticism of that kind. It provides that
military officers may be detailed to duty, and
distinctly confers upon the President the power,
if in his judgment it is safe and judicious so to
do, to detail from the Army all the officers and
agents of this bureau ; but no officer so as-
signed shall have increase of pay or allow-
ances. It also provides that the Commis-
sioner, when it can be done consistently with
public interests, may appoint, as assistant
commissioners, agents, and clerks, such men
as have proved their loyalty by faithful service
in the armies of the Union during the rebel-
lion.
The fourth section of the bill is rendered
necessary by an inadvertent omission in the
law of 1865. which provided no mode under
which the Secretary of War could under that
law issue medical stores. Of course it was
necessary that medical stores should be issued
where no other means were at hand or possible
to be obtained. But the law as passed in 1865
did not contain the authority which is put in this
fourth section, to issue suchmedical stores and
other aid as may be needful for the purpose
named in the section. It will be found that
the suggestion which was made, I think, by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sheixabargeu,]
has been adopted by providing that no person
shall be deemed " destitute," "suffering," or
"dependent upon the Government for sup-
port," within the meaning of this act, who is
able to find employment, and could, by proper
industry or exertion, avoid such destitution,
suffering, or dependence. The last part of this
section is made necessary because of this fact,
that we expect very shortly that the regular
medical force of the Army will be reduced to
the minimum required for the service of the
Army. As soon as that is done the volunteer
surgeons will be mustered out of the service,
and then there will be no medical force which
the bureau can have the aid of, because of the
fjiet that there will be no surgeons retained
in the regular Army, whose duties will not bo
required for the service ; and it is deemed in-
dispensable that a provision should be made
simply authorizing the Secretary of War to
continue in office, as surgeons of the bureau,
ihe volunteer officers now employed, and to
fill vacancies with other volunteer surgeons un-
less suitable surgeons of the regular Army can
be assigned to duty. If such surgeons can be
made available, it will be the duty of the Com-
missioner to employ them ; but if the surgeons
of the Army are reduced to Ihe minimum num-
ber. and no other aid can be had, then the
object of this provision is to provide some
surgical and medical aid for the use of the
bureau.
Section five is the same as was contained in
the other law excepting that instead of three
millions of the public lands in the five States
