332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 27,
39th Gesro. ..'. 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ing four feet of water; of the Minnesota river,
from its mouth to the Yellow Medicine river,
in order to ascertain the practicability and ex-
pense, by slack-water navigation or otherwise,
of securing the continued navigability of said
stream during the usual season of navigation;
and for examining and reporting upon the sub-
ject of constructing railroad bridges across the
Mississippi river, between St. Paul, in Minne-
sota, and St. Louis, in the State of Missouri,
upon such plans of construction as will offer
thfjleast impediment to the navigation of the
river; of Rock river; the Kennebec river above
Gardiner, Maine; the Penobscot river above
Hampden, Maine; at the Zambro river, Min-
nesota; at the Cannon river, Minnesota; at the
harbor and the mouth of the Eighteen-mile
creek, at Olcott, New York; at St. Croix
river, above the ledge; from the mouth of Illi-
nois river to La Salle; together with such
necessary estimates of cost, as hereinbefore
provided, as wiil enable the Secretary of War
to determine what improvements and public
works shall be necessary at the respective
points aforesaid. And the Secretary of War
shall cause a survey to be made at the harbor
of Burlington, Vermont, and the harbor of
Dunkirk, New York: at the harbor of Oak
Orchard Creek, New York; and at Muskegon,
White river, Manistee, South Haven, and New
Buffalo, in the State of Michigan; the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, in the State of Wisconsin;
and the Rock river, in the States of Illiuois
andWiscousin, with its connections with Lake
Winnebago; and the upper Columbia river,
Oregon.
Approved, June 23, 1866.
Chap. CXL.—An Act to provide for the Re-
vision and Consolidation of the Statute Laws
of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint three persons, learned in the
law, as commissioners, to revise, simplify, ar-
range, and consolidate all statutes of the Uni-
ted States, general and permanent in their na-
ture, which shall be in force at the time such
commissioners may make the final report of
their doings.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, in
performing this duty, the commissioners shall
bring togetherall statutes and parts of statutes
which, from similarity of subject, ought to be
brought together, omitting redundant or obso-
lete enactments, and making such alterations
as may be necessary to reconcile the contra-
dictions, supply the omissions, and amend the
imperfections of the original text; and they
shall arrange the same under titles, chapters,
and sections, or other suitable divisions and
subdivisions, with head notes briefly express-
ive of the matter contained in such divisions;
also with side notes, so drawn as to point to the
contents of the text, and with references to
the original text from which each section is
compiled, and to the decisions of the Federal
courts explaining or expounding the same, and
also to such decisions of the State courts as they
may deem expedient; and they shall provide by
a temporary index, or other expedient means,
for an easy reference to every portion of their
report.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when
the commissioners have completed the revision
and consolidation of the statutes, as aforesaid,
they shall cause a copy of the same, in print,
to be submitted to Congress, that the statutes
so revised and consolidated may be reenacted,
if Congress shall so determine; and at the same
time they shall also suggest to Congress such
contradictions, omissions, and imperfections as
may appear in the original text, with the mode
in which they have reconciled, supplied, and
amended the same; and they may also desig-
nate such statutes or parts of statutes as, in
their judgment, ought to be repealed, with their
reasons for such repeal. .
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the
commissioners shall be authorized to cause their
work to be printed in parts, so fast as it may
be ready for the press, and to distribute copies
of the samo to members of Congress, and to
such other persons, in limited numbers, as they
may see fit, for the purpose of obtaining their
suggestions; and they shall, from time to time,
report to Congress their progress and doings.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
statutes so revised and consolidated shall be
reported to Congress as soon as practicable,
and the whole work closed without unneces-
sar3r delay.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
commissioners shall each receive as compensa-
tion for his services at the rate of five thousand
dollars a year for three years, with the reason-
able expenses of clerical service and other in-
cidental matters, not to exceed two thousand
dollars annually for such expenses.
Approved, June 27, 1800.
Chap. CXLI.—An Act making further Pro-
visions for the Establishment of an Armory
and Arsenal of Construction, Deposit, and
Repair on Rock Island, in the State of Illi
nois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized and directed to
change, fix, and establish the position of the
railroad across Rock Island and the bridge
across the Mississippi river at and on the isl-
and of Roek Island, so as best to accord with
the purposes of the Government in its occu-
pancy of said island for military purposes; and
in order f,o effect this he is authorized to grant
to the railroad company a permanent location
and right of way on and across Rock Island,
to be fixed and designated by him, with such
quantity of land, to be occupied and held by
the company for railroad purposes, as may be
necessary therefor; and that the said grant and
change be made on such terms and conditions,
previously arranged, between the Secretary of
War and the companies and parties in interest,
as will best effect and secure the purposes of
the Government in occupying the island.
Sec. 2. And be it f urther enacted, That the
Secretary of War be, and is hereby, authorized
to grant to the companies and parties in inter-
est such other aid, pecuniary or otherwise,
toward effecting the change in the present loca-
tion of their road and bridge and establishing
thereon a wagon road for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to connect said
island with the cities of Davenport and Book
Island, to be so constructed as not materially
to interfere with, obstruct, or impair the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river, as may be
adjudged to be fair and equitable by the board
of commissioners authorized under the act of
April nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, entitled "An act in addition to an act
for the establishment of certain arsenals,"
and may be approved by him.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the act, approved April nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, enti-
tled ''An act in addition to an act for the estab-
lishment of certain arsenals," be so extended
as to include the small islands contiguous to
Rock Island, and known as Benham's, Wil-
son's, and Winnebago Islands.
Sec. 4. Arid be it further enacted, That the
following sums be, and they are hereby, ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for Rock Island
arsenal, to be applied as follows, viz:
To liquidate claims for property in Benham's,
Wilson's, and Winnebago Islands, andforprop-
erty in Rock Island which has been taken, in
pursuance of law, for military purposes, two
hundred and ninety-three thousand six hun-
dred dollars, or so much thereof, and no more,
as m&y be nceessary to pay the respective
claimants such amounts as may be reported
by the board of commissioners authorized by
the act of April nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, and ordered by the United States
circuit court to be paid to each.
To secure water-power at the head of Rock
Island, one hundred thousand dollars.
To erect store-houses for the preservation of
arms and other munitions of war, and to estab-
lish communication between Rock Island arse-
nal and the cities of Davenport, Iowa, and
Rock Island, Illinois, one hundred thousand
dollars.
Approved, June 27, I860.
Chap. CXLII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
, tied "An Act to authorize the Sale of Marine
Hospitals and Revenue-Cutters," approved
April 20th, 1866.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatthe act entitled "An
act to authorize the sale of marine hospitals
and revenue-cutters," approved April twen-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, shall not
be construed to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to lease or sell any such hospital
where the relief furnished to sick marine[r]s
shall show an extent of relief equal to twenty
cases per diem, on au average, for the last
preceding four years, or where no other suit-
able and sufficient hospital accommodations
can be procured upon reasonable terms for the
comfort and convenience of the patients.
Approved, June 27, 1860.
Ciiap. CXLIII.—An Act in Amendment of an
Act to promote the Progress of the Useful
Arts, and the Acts in Amendment of and in
Addition thereto.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That upon appealing for
the first time from the decision of the primary
examiner to the examiners-in-chief in the Pat-
ent Office, the appellant shall pay a fee of ten
dollars into the Patent Office, to the credit of
the patent fund; and no appeaL from the pri-
mary examiner to the examinera-in-chief shall
hereafter be allowed until the appellant shall
pay said fee.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CXLIV.—An Act to establish a Land
Office in the Territory of Idaho.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the public lands
within the Territory of ldaho  to which the
Indian title is or shall be extinguished shall
constitute a new land district, to be called the
Idaho district, to be located at Boise City, Ada
county; and the President is hereby authorized
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a register and receiver of public
moneys for said district, who shall be required
to reside at the place at which said office shall
be located, and they shall have the same pow-
ers, perform the same duties, and be entitled
to the same compensation as are or may be
prescribed by law in relation to land offices of
the United States in other Territories.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CLV.—An Act amendatory of the or-
ganic Act of Washington Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of tiie United States of America in
Congress assembled, That after the next annual
spssionof the Legislative Assembly of said Ter-
ritory the sessions shall be biennial. Members
