m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
each, occupant, upon the terms and conditions
named in section four of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
;in section five, line seventeen, after the word
"the" to insert "same," and strike out after
"conditions" the words "named in said sec-
tion j" so as to read, " or to set apart for them
■out of the public lands assigned for that pur-
pose in section four of this bill forty acres each
upon the same terms and conditions."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section seven,
line three, after the word "rebellion" to strike
Out "and in which the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended on the 1st day of
February, 1866."
' The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line five, after the word •'rebellion" to strike
out " and in which the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended on the 1st day of
February, 18GG."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"rebellion" in line thirty of section eight, to
strike out the words " or in which the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus was not suspended
o,n the 1st day of February, 18W3."
The amendment was agreed to.
The i'i!lv-ill)l,\ (r OFFiCKK. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives as amended.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I move an amendment to
come in at the end of section eight in the form
of a proviso :
Provided, That whenever the writ of habeas corpvi
shall beiestorcdto any State not, dceUucd in rrbcl-
lion, then and in that event the officer-! and machin-
ery of the Freedmon's Bureau shall be withdrawn
from said State at the discretion of the President of
. the united States.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony responded to his name.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois a single question—-
eral Senators. It is too lale.
The Pit ESI DIN ft OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island has answered to his name.
The Senator from Wisconsin can, however, pro-
ceed by unanimous consent.
Several Sbxators. (Jo on with the call. .
The call of the roll was concluded, with the
following result:
YEAS —Messrs. Davis, Guthrie, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, McDougall, Saulsbury, and Stock-
ton—8.
-M j^wnn, , ^handler,
Cowan, Crasun, Urcswoll, Foot,Grimes lhuri.-, Lunc
of Kansas. Jfesimth, Norton, Kiddle, yprague.Wiiky,
Wlight, and Yates—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope not. It is too
early to adjourn. There is important busi-
ness 
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is not debatable.
I he motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 8, 1SGG.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
the Journal oi yesterday was read and
approved.
I'l'CLTC l.ANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPE A KER, by unanimous consent, laid :
before the House a communication from the i
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in regard to receipts, &c., from the sales
of public lands in California, in answer to res-
olution of the House of January 80, 180G;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to he
printed.
MESSAGE FROM T1IE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by !\Ir. Fornex,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
20) extending the time for the completion of
the Burlington and Missouri River railroad.
THE PHILADELPHIA NAVY-YARD.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting, a copy of an
appraisement made by the chiefs of the Bureaus
of Yards and Docks and of Construction and
Repairs in regard to the cost of the Philadel-
phia navy-yard; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
TAX OX SPIRITS.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask the%unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution which
I think of great importance to the country at
this time. It is as follows:
Jienoloefl, That it is unwise to reduce the rovenue
tax on spirits.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. T object,.
quarantine at new,york.
Mr. DARLING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the bill introduced by
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
in regard to hulks for quarantine purposes in
New York harbor be considered by the House
now.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I object.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. MORRIS. I ask consent of the House
to have bill No. to secure equal political
rights to all the people of the United States,
printed.
No objection was made, and itwasso ordered.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I call for the regular
order of business.
PUIlLIfi LANDS IN SOUTIIIOJtN STATES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill reported
j yesterday from the Committee on Public Lands,
being House bill No. 85, for the disposal of the
public lands for homesteads to actual settlers
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louis-
iana. Arkansas, and Florida; the pending ques-
j tion being on the amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amond by
i inserting' after the word u lands'' the words:
! And in lieu of the sum of ten dollars, required to
be p<ud by tho second M-etion of aaid act, there shall
be paid the mini of tire dull<irs at the timeof'theissue
of each patent.
Mr. JC7LTAN". I accept that amendment.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment reported by the committee, as mod-
ified.
Mr. JULIAN called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the committee, as modi-
fied, was then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. JLLIAN. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. TABEH called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ri he question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays IM, not vot-
ing-!(>; as follows:
YtfAS — Mc-^rs. Alloy, Allison, Ames Anderson,
Delos ft. Ashley, James AL Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blaine. Blow, Boutweli, Brandc<?ee, Broomafl
Reader \V. Clarke, SiUiuy Clarke, Cobb, Cullora, Dar-
ling. Dawes, Dcirccs, Delano. Demini?, Dixon. Don-
nelly, Dumont, Eoklcy, Eurglcjton, Eliot, Parquhar
Ferry, Garfield, Giinmdl, Giiswold, lbilo, Aimer c'
Hardin??, Hayes, Henderson. Iligby, Hill, Holme"'
Hooper, Asnhel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard'
Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard. James R. Ilub-
beH, Huiburd, Ingcrsoll, Jenekcs, Juliim, Kasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Kctchara, Kuykendall, LaHin, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longjear
Lynch, Marston, MeClur?, Mclndoe, MeKee. Miller,
Moorhoad, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Orth!
Pamc, Patterson, Pcrham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy)
Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. I-ticc, John
H. Iliee. Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Sloan. Starr, Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Ilorn. Ward, Warner, Elihu B.
Waahburnc, William B. Washburn, Wclkcr, Went-
worth, Whalev, Williams. James F. AYilson, Stephen
K. Wihon, Windom, ond Woodbridsre—112.
NAYS—Mobbis. Beigen, Boyer, Brooks, Chanlcr,
Dawson, Driggs, Eldridge, Fmek.Glossbrenni'v, Good-
year, Uiidcr, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan. James
M. Humphrey, Kerr. Latham, Le Blond, Marshall,
Nicholson, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Shanklin, Sit—
greaves, Strouse, Tabor, Taylor, Thornton, and Voor-
hees—2-1,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Barker, Biomwcll,
"Ruckland, Bandy. Oonkling, Cook, Culver, Davis,
Denison, Farnsworth, llart, llotehki.-s. Edwin N.
Ilubbcll, James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Marvin,
Cull ouch, McRuer, Mercur, Morrill. Niblaek,
Nooll. O'Neill, Phelps, Radlord, Raymond, Ritter,
TtObS, Rousseau, Sehenek. Siiellalmrger, Smith, Spal-
dinc,FranuisThouias, Trimble, Van Aeruam. Robert
T. Van Horn, Winlield, and Wright—16.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DRIGGS, when his name was called,
said, it was my intention to have supported this
bill, but for reasons satisfactory to myself I am
compelled to vote '*no."
At the conclusion of the roll-call, but before
the result was announced,
Mr. TRIMBLE said, i was just entering the
Hall when the call of the roll was completed.
If 1 had been in my seat in time I should have
voted u no.1'
t Mr. BROMWELL. Tf T had been here in
time 1 would have voted li ay."
Mr. O'NEILL. I would have voted "ay,"
if I had been in my seat.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was detained from my
scat until too late for me to vote upon (hepas-
sage of this bill. If I had been here I would
have voted " no."
Mr. GUIDE tt. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. ItiTTEE, is detained from his seat
to-day on account of indisposition. If he had
been here hejvould have voted against this bill.
The result was announced as above.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on Public Lands [Mr. Ecklej] has been
instructed to report a bill from that committee.
As he is not now in his seat, I would ask that
his light to report that bill be reserved until
he shall be present.
No objection was made.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STROUSE. My colleague, Mr. Dexi-
sox, has been called home on account of sick-
ness in his family. I therefore ask for him
indefinite leave of absence from attendance
upon the sessions of this House.
Leave was accordingly granted.
PllIXTIXR 01-' UEPOKTS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Printing. reported the following resolution,
upon which he called the previous question :
Rey>?vc"l, Thnt the report of the committee to in-
vestigate the condition of the Indian tribes he printed,
and that threo thousand additional copies be printed
for the use of the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered ; and under the op-
eration thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLAllKE, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, also reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
lU'solmd, That theiebe printed six thousand copies
of the report of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue; two thousand copies for the use of the House,
and four thousand for the use ot the offiec of internal
revenue.
