I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
K. h. B. OLAltKE AND ABELAKB GUTHRIE.
Mr. DAWES. Some few days since I entered
a motion to reconsider the votes by which the
House discharged the Committee of Claims
from the farther consideration of the petition
of It. L. B. Clarke, and the bill for the relief of
Abelard Guthrie, and referred the same to the
Committee of Elections. They are cases which
have heretofore been before the Committee of
Elections, and were by them reported back and
referred by the House to the Committee of
Claims. At this Congress these matters were
introduced and referred to the Committee of
Claims ; and that committee have reciprocated
the action of the Committee of Elections of
last Congress by reporting them back and hav-
ing them referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions. I entered the motion to reconsider the
votes referring them to the Committee of Elec-
tions for the purpose of having an opportunity
to state to the House the reasons which the
Committee of Elections think should control
the reference of these claims to the Committee
of Claims.
They have been for a long time in Congress,
and have been considered both by the Com-
mittee of Elections and the Committee of
Claims.
The claim of Mr. Clarke is founded upon the
fact that some ten years ago, he was a contestant
for a seat yi this House, and failed in that con-
test. It was consideied a very fair contest upon
his part by the whole Committee of Elections,
who reported a resolution for his compensation;
but it was so near the end of the session that
they could not get the matter before the House
during that Congress in which the contest was
made. That resolution as then presented pro-
vided for the payment of the contestant out of
the contingent fund of that House. It is the
custom of the Committee of Elections, when
they think it proper to compensate a contestant,
to report a resolution to pay him out of the con-
tingent fund of the House ; but the contingent
fund of that House in which Mr. Clarke made
his contest has already been expended and the
account closed, so that this House has no con-
trol over it. Therefore the Committee of Elec-
tions, according to the invariable custom, has
no right to report a resolution to pay out of the
contingent fund of this House compensation to
a person who contested the right of a member
to his seat in a former House. It would be al-
together improper for the Committee of Elec-
tions to make such a report, even if the merits
of the case justified the payment of compensa-
tion, as I do not doubt they do.
If tlris is a claim which ought to be paid, it
should lie paid, by a bill passing both Houses of
Congress, and providing necessarily for pay-
ment out of the Treasury of the United States.
If this claim should be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of this House the payment would
hot be approved by the Comptroller at the
other end of the avenue, because it is not a
matter belonging to the expenses of this
House. Any claim that is to be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States by a bill
passing both branches of Congress should prop-
erly be examined by the Committee of Claims,
not the Committee of Elections. It is true that
this claim pertains to an election contest; but
that is no reason why the Committee of Claims
should desire to transfer it to the Committee
of Elections, any more than that the Commit-
tee of Claims should report back all claims
growing oat of military affairs, pensions, or
anything of the kind, and have them distributed
among other committees. A claim for any-
thing, no matter what, if it requires an act of
Congress making an appropriation out of the
Treasuiy, belongs properly, it seems to me, to
the Committee of Claims. I hope, therefore,
that that committee will not object to recon-
sidering this matter and reporting upon its
merits.
The claim of Mr. Guthrie rests upon a differ-
ent principle. It certainly has no place before
the Committee of Elections; for Mr. Guthrie
never claimed to have been elected to Congress.
His claim has been examined by the Committee
of Elections in former Congresses, and it doubt-
less has some merit in equity; but.it certainljt
should bo considered by the Committee of
Claims, and I trust it will be sent to. that com-
mittee.
Mr. STjOAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether the claim of Mr. Guthrie is not
one arising under a contest.
Mr. DAWES. Itisnot. The circumstances,
as I understand them, are these: some ten
years ago, before Kansas and Nebraska were
organized as Territories. Mr. Guthrieeamehere
as the agent of the residents of that region of
country to induce Congress to erect territorial
governments; and he exerted, 1 have no doubt,
a good influence in bringing about that result.
He thinks that in acting as an agent of that
character, he was a quasi Delegate, and as such
has some claim upon Congress for compensa-
tion for the time and money he expended. lie
never, so far as I know, claimed an election in
any shape.
Mr. SLOAN. Then it is substantially a
claim to pay him for lobbying.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I suppose that is the
fact. 1 do not express any opinion upon the
claim ; but it is such a claim as ought to be
considered by the very able, intelligent, and
firm Committee of Claims which I am glad to
know we have.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, as I reported
back these claims to the House, it is proper I
should say a word.
The Committee of Claims felt embarrassed
in the consideration of these two cases to which
the gentleman from Massachusetts refers, for
the reason that they involved a-precedent in
reference to the payment of claims presented
by contestants, by members, and by persons
claiming to bo Delegates from organized and
unorganized Territories. As we understood
the practiec of the House, whenever a gentle-
man contests the seat of a sitting member, and
fails to succeed in his contest, it is for the Com-
mittee of Elections to determine whether he
has made sacli a prima facie. ca«e as would
entitle him to the usual per diem and mileage.
When they do so report it is usual for the
House to concur in that recommendation, as
they do in their report on the merits of the
case itself. It becomes, therefore, we think,
a delicate question to determine whether the
contestants should be compensated or not.
In this case of Mr. Clarke, of Iowa, it seems
that the Committee of Elections did, at the
time they reported in favor of the sitting mem-
ber, Mr. Hail, report a resolution allowing Mr.
Clarice, the contestant, per deim and mileageup
to a certain date. When the report of the com-
mittee came to be considered, the Speaker de-
cided, and I think properly, that the resolu-
tion relating to the sitting member involved a
question of privilege, and it was immediately
considered and acted on, and he further decided
that the resolution for the compensation of the
contestant was not a question of privilege, and
therefore it went over and could not be acted
upon, and was not reached during that session.
At the succeeding session the question was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and that
committee reported a resolution allowing the
contestant the same compensation;! do not
recollect the amount. It seems to have been
brought Congress after Congress before the
Committee of Elections, until at the last ses-
sion it was referred to the Committee of Claims.
We do not want to get rid of the labor, but
we do not consider ourselves the proper com-
mittee to determine whether a primajo.de case
has been made out according to the prece-
dents of the Committee of Elections, whether
he should be compensated, and if so how much.
It is alone on that ground we desire that the j
matter shall he referred for consideration to ;
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. The Iowa case has been be-
fore both committees. The gentleman over-
looks the distinction 1 make. In this House
the Committee of Elections cannot bring in a
resolution to pay out of the contingent fund of ,
the House any such claim as that. It puts the !
Committee of Elections in a position where we
must say what claims are to be allowed. That
is the duty of the Committee of Claims, and I
have great reluctance ■ to take that duty away
from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ROGERS. By what law and authority
has this House, by virtue of a mere resolution;,
to pay a contestant? . .
Mr. DAYv'ES. There is an appropriation of
money by Congress, called the contingent fund
of the House, to be devoted to the payment of
the contingent expenses of the House on a mere
resolution. The act of Congress appropriating
that money is the warrant upon the Treasury,
and the Sergeant-at-Arms makes report to the
Comptroller of the Treasury of such sums as
are liable to be expended for the contingencies
of the House. It is in that way contestants are
paid out of the contingent fund.
And the Committee of Elections have no more
ability to pass upon the merits of this Iowa case
than the Committee of Claims, for they are as
ignorant of the facts as the hitter committee ;
they know nothing of the merits of the ease
except by tradition. T know about it, and you
know about it, Mr. Speaker ; all others, except
a few venerable contemporaries, know of it
only by tradition. The Committee of Elec-
tions are not looking into the past, hut they are
required to look into the future and see into the
rights of members here to seats upon this floor;
and we do not desire to be diverted from that
duty by any collateral matters to be referred
to us.
1 do not see why it should be referred to the
Committee of Elections any more than it should
be referred to the Committee on Itevisal and
Unfinished Business. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not going to engage
in any argument at large upon this subject. .
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. 1 raise a point
of order, that the question is not debatable
after a motion is made to lay on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I decline.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the House a few days ago discharged the Com-
mittee of Claims from the consideration of the
petitions in relation to Mr. Guthrie and Mr.
Clarke, and referred the same to the Committee
of Elections. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] moves to reconsider the vote
by which they were referred, and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Haudixo] moves to lay that
motion on the table; the effect of which, if car-
ried, will be to leave the petitions with the
Committee of Elections.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; and there
were, on a division—ayes 5-5, noes 47.
Mr. DAWES. 1 demand tellers on the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
'Tellers wore ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Mr. Dawes and Mr. Niislack.
Mr. Gl-UNNELL. I ask the House to allow
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiekok] who
has had this matter in charge to make a state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harding] withdraws his point of
order the House may allow the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schencic] to speak.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire that the. House
should understand this matter. Mr. Guthrie
was formerly a constituent of mine, a worthy
and excellent gentleman. He removed to Ne-
braska. and afterward came here, not under any
special election law, but upon a vote of that Ter-
ritory, as Delegate. Ho rendered efficient ser-
vice in the organization of the Territory, which
afterward took place. It has been thought—and
I think truly—that he has an equitable claim
upon the Government, under all the circum-
