1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1818
Mr. DAWES. I will yield the gentleman^
six minutes of my time.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, it has sug-
gested itself to my mind that there are still
other reasons why the sitting member should
retain his seat. He says, in conclusion, that
the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the
church. Well, sir, I have only to say in regard
to that, let it be spilt. That kind of Democratic
seed seems to be running out, and for one, I
am in favor of the blood of llie martyrs being
the seed of the church as an experiment in
this instance. But that is only an argument
in addition to other reasons. The House will
find some of them enumerated in the paper I
hold in my hand. Perhaps it will not consider
them good reasons. I find in the Now York
Times o'f yesterday, good conservative author-
ity, the following:
" Brooks is resorting to a.ll sorts of strategy and
questionable practices to make sentiment in his favor.
To-day his partisans were circulating tho story among
the conservatives that Dodge was a radical, and would
vote against the President; and they were urging
the radicals to voto against him on tho ground that
ho was a conservative, and would sustain the Presi-
dent. Brooks has also caused to be lithographed
copies of the subscription lists of moneys raised by
Mr. Dodge's friends to aid in his election, and has
distributed them freely, as though that was a very
immoral practice, never resorted to in a New York
election, or anywhere else. Brooks is running his
machine on a high-pressure moral principle, and
seems tciribly shockcd at the use of money in an
election."
Mr. Speaker, this is tho seventh year I have
enjoyed legislative experience, Slate and na-
tional, and I have never yet known a Democrat
to vote against his own party, against his own
friends, oragainsttlie report of his committee,
and if, in the revolving of the wheel of polit-
ical fortunes, my doubtful friends should "go
over" and have the perplexities of a contested
election, your magnanimity will bo remembered
and thus fall into tho arms of a party voting
honestly almost by instinct. This is not one of
the virtues of the Union Congress.
There is another reason why we should
give the sitting member the scat. The minor-
ity of the committee report that this corrupt
bargain was made oil a Sunday, and one of
the divine commandments, "Remember the
Sabbath day to keep it holy," was broken.
The Democratic party have found it out, and
should we not join in their sacred devotion
and virtuous indignation? We all know that,
on the Sabbath before tho election all the
Democrats were at clmreh or at vespers; they
had nothing to do with liquor shops; there was
no indulgence of profane swearing; they were
at church invoking tho god of elections that
they might succeed with all the devotion which
the saviors of their cause would evoke. Heed
the Democratic suggestion and rebuke the Sab-
bath profanation. Another charge made by the
sitting member is, that our party was guilty of
bribery. Well, the statement that our party
can beat the Democratic party at cheating in
New York will cause a broad grin throughout
the country. But we must not doubt it. Mr.
Dodge should be punished, andthesittingmem-
ber be honored in behalf of a party free from
all doubtful devices and political finesse. Re-
curring to the "strategy" of the times, if it be
that virtuous and persuasive woman has been
enlisted in the behalf of the Fifth avenue
pi inter, who has just informed Mackerclville of
the splendor of his congressional equipage; he
has taken account of the contestant's income
down to a dime. 1 can mention an additional
motive in a response to gentle appeals. I saw
but one valid consideration to be set over against
these opportunities to reward virtue from an
unlooked-for source—it is the verdict of the
Committee of Elections after months of inves-
tigation; but may not an approval of Demo-
cratic sobriety. political morality, and Sabbath-
keeping, and tender persuasion overcome our
scruples?
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. DAWES. I now demand the previous
^ The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. DAWES. I should be very glad to
accommodate my friend on the committee, but
really I think it due to the House that I should
elose this matter as soon as possible. I hope,
therefore, my friend will excuse me.
Mr. SCOEIELD. I wished to say a few
words, but 1" will not insist on it.
Mr. GRINNELL. Let rac read one passsge
from the report:
" The committee entertain no doubt, therefore, that
tho majority of all the legal votes cast in the district
were cast for Mr. Dodge, and in this finding they have
deducted from his poll every vote about which, in
their judgment, there was reasonable ground for
doubt, giving the sitting member who holds tho cer-
tificate, the benefit of all tho doubts that rested upon
their minds after the most patient and careful exam-
ination and deliberation."
I am obliged to follow the committee in this
ease.
.Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, so much ground
has been gone over in the discussion of this
case, and so much, us matter of testimony and
of law, is involved in it, that it will be utterly
impossible for me, in the brief hour allotted
me under the rule, to make anything like an
argument satisfactory to myself and worthy of
tho subject. I can only promise, Mr. Speaker,
and that is all I have ever promised in any of
these undertakings, to be faithful to the charge
committed to me, and with whatever ability I
may he able to command, with all candor and
with a conviction that 1 have no right to be
otherwise than, so far as in me lies, entirely
impartial, endeavor to submit in summing up
what is, in the opinion of the committee, the
conclusion of this whole case.
Mr. Speaker, the closing remarks of the sit-
ting member were of so peculiar a character,
so unusual in a discussion of this kind, that I
may perhaps be expected to make some reply
to them. 1 think tiiat the House will bear the
committee out when 1 say, as their represent-
ative, that from the tune when this evidence
was submitted to them to be examined and
weighed until the present moment not a word
of a personal character toward either the con-
testant or the sitting member or any individual
member of the House differing with them in
1heir conclusions lias fallen from the lips of
any oneof them. 1 think lurthei, Mr. Speaker,
that, so far as my memory serves me, nothing
that can be regarded as of a partisan character
has fallen from any member of the committee ;
and 1 hope that 1 maybe able to say of myself,
what I feel I can say of every other member of
the committee, on the one side and on the other,
that they have striven to forget party on this
occasion, and to regard this only as a contest
between A B and C D as to which has been
rightfully elected as a Representative from the
eighth congressional district of New "i ork.
Rut, sir. it has been the fortune of the com-
mittee from the beginning of the hearing till
the last dying notes of the sitting member,
still echoing within these walls, to hear one
continued strain and refrain of charges of the
grossest corruption and bribery on tho part of
the contestant, and that, sir, without one scin-
tilla of evidence to sustain such charges. The
committee in their report ignored the whole
thing, for the reason that the most diligent
search of 900 pages of printed, matter failed
to reveal a single particle o! testimony that
any money whatever had been used by any
person for any corrupt or unlawful purpose.
But, sir, it has soenmd fitting to the sitting
member never to torget tins strain; and while
some word in defense oi this contestant inight
properly have come from the eily of New
York, where he is best known and where he
has earned a reputation that will outlive any
attacks that have been made upon it, still as
tho contestant himself has not, and i think
wisely, deemcdit proper to notice these attacks,
it becomes me, 1 think, to say a word or two
in reference to them and the source from which
they come. _ , .
Sir. it cannot but be true that a politician
! of many years' standing, who has affiliated with
every political party that has lived and_ died
during a long period of time, and has repudi-
ated in succession the principles which they
have avowed and which  he has advocated;
who has himself declared, from his own expe-
rience iu mingling with parties, that he could
buy a nomination for Congress at the hands
of Mozart and Tammany Halls and the Repub-
lican party, each and all of them at the same
time, and then go into the canvass, and if he
had money enough, buy up votes at five dollars a
head to elect him—I say, sir, it cannot but be
true that such a man, whatever his ability and
skill, will fail in attempting to transfer the
character thus earned in a generation of such
service, from himself to one who has never
had the fortune to mingle in politics at all, who
has earned among the mercantile community
a reputation as spotless as tho sun, a reputa-
tion as dear to him as the apple of his eye, and
which up to this hour the breath of slander has
never tarnished. Sir, the instincts of some
politicians are as certain and unerang as the
instincts of some animals, which can succeed
in making tho clearest water foul and muddy,
and which he who is wise gives a wide berth,
since he cannot come near them without being
bespattered.
Sir, the sitting member has seen fit not only
to attack the contestant with the charge of
corruption, without a particle of testimony
that one dollar was ever used for any purpose
improper under the law of Now York or else-
where, but in attempting to sustain that charge,
he has made out a table which ho has caused
to bo printed and spread upon our records,
and which the minority of the committee have
unwittingly incorporated bodily in their report
—a table which is as false on its face as it is
in fact. The table sums up an expenditure
of $15,508, and it docs it in this way: one
item of $2,900 is inserted twice ; another item
of $2,000 is inserted twice; another item of
$2,200 is inserted twice; another item of $500
is inserted twice.
Mr. MARSHALL. Does the gentleman
assert that there is no evidence that Mr. Dodge
expended immense sums of money in this
election ?
Mr. DAWES. I say there is not a particle
of evidence that a dollar of money was ex-
pended in an improper way.
Mr. MARSHALL, it, is a matter of con-
jecture as to how it was expended. The evi-
ct enee is that immense sums of money were
expended, and 1 insist 
Mr. DAWES. I wish that my friend had
heard the remarks which I made a few mo-
ments ago. I stated that the minority of the
committee had been imposed upon in including
in their report from the brief of tho sitting
member a table in which a number of the
items are inserted twice oyer.
Mr. MARSHALL. I did not hear the entire
statement of the gentleman ; but I understood
him as charging that this whole statement about
the expenditure of money is without founda-
tion in the evidence. The gentleman certainly
cannot undertake to sustain such a statement;
because it is in evidence thatimmense sums of
money were expended by the contestant ; and
I think it is in evidence that a part of it was
expended fraudulently, wrongfully, _ and dis-
gracefully; and if tho gentleman,will permit
mc, I will state wherein.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not know how long the
patience oi' the House will endure; but I hold
in my hand the testimony precisely as it was
given: and instead of its proving what the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] claims
in his report, and what is claimed by the sitting
member, it proves the contrary, if it proves
anything in the world. I refer the House to
pages 84, 35, 3(5, 40, 47, and 48 of the testi-
mony, where the witnesses of the sitting mem-
ber luniself deny point-blank his grand _ and
leading statement, that Mr. Barr had been hired,
with the m'ouey of the contestant, to run for
Congress against Mr. Brooks, or that they hud
expended one dollar of money with the knowl-
edge. of the contestant, or had expended it
