mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
stances, for pay and mileage, at least for mileage.
He has been kept, as many another claimant
upon the Government, hungup between heaven
and earth for a long time. At the last Congress
his petition being presented was referred to the
Committee of Elections, who reported it back,
asked to be discharged for the same reason now
stated by the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Dawes, ] and asked that it should be referred to
the Committee of Claims. This year the gentle-
man presents lximself again, and the House, fol-
lowing the action of the last Congress, refers the
matter to the Committee of Claims. Now the
Committee of Claims come in and ask to be dis-
charged from the consideration of the case, and
that it may go back to the Committee of Elec-
tions. Thus between the two committees this
claim, is kept here without any apparent prob-
ability of having a fair and thorough investiga-
tion.
Now, all I have to say about it is. that for my-
self I feel indifferent as to which of these two
able committees shall have charge of this case.
But I am inclined to believe, with the chairman
of the Committee of Elections, that inasmuch
as the payment will have to be made out of the
common Treasury by bill or joint resolution
haying the effect of law, it ought, perhaps, to
go to the Committee of Claims. It is equally
within the power and ability of either commit-
tee to give it a thorough investigation, and I am
not afraid but that justice will be done to this
gentleman. But I beg that this House will no
longer keep his case going back and forth be-
tween the two committees with no apparent
probability of getting justice done by Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] what was the action of the Committee
of Claims and of the House in the ease of Mr.
Clarke.
Mr. DAWES. That is another case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. J desire to
say a word in regard to that case of Mr. Clarke.
T± is the only case in which the contest was
made in good faith and failed. It has been
postponed from one Congress to another as an
isolated case, and nothing has been done with
it. I hope it will go to the same committee,
and receive a fair consideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish merely to
state, in relation to the claim of 11. L. B.Clarke,
that it has been reported upon favorably by
four committees, I believe. At the last session
of the Thirty-Eighth Congress a bill for his re-
lief passed both Houses, but it failed to reach
the President in time for his signature. It was
then .reported from the Committee of Claims.
The first report in the case was made by the
Committee of Elections ; and three favorable
reports have been made by the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. DAWES. And that is the question now
before the House.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. And now that
claim is presented with another hitched 011 it,
that has been here for ten years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have the tloor, I believe.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will ray colleague
[Mr. Sohbkck] state to the House how this
claim arose: how this gentleman, Mr. Guthrie,
came to be here as a representative from Ne-
braska before it was organized?
Mr. DxVWES. Do not mix the two cases to-
gether.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 will not go into the merits
of this case at all, for I do not think it proper
that I should. The question now is, to what
committee it shall go, and I am perfectly con-
fident it will have lair treatment and full con-
sideration. let it go to what committee it may.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to say to the House
that the Committee of Claims have 110 dispo-
sition to shirk their duties in the recommend-
ation they have made in reference to this mat-
ter. Wo considered that the Committee of
Elections would be better prepared to report
upon the merits of this subject than the Com-
mittee of Claims could be. The circumstances
attending the contest, the facts connected with
the whole subject, they supposed would be
within the reach of that committee, and that
tthey would be more familiar with the principles
upon which the failing contestant should receive
his pay than could be the Committee of Claims.
It seemed to us that the exhaustion of the
contingent fund would make no difference in
regard to the propriety of the Committee of
Elections considering this subject. I do not
know that any committee necessarily holds the
key to the Treasury. If the Committee of
Elections find that there is a meritorious claim
here, <they have as much capacity to report a
bill for the payment of it as the Committee of
Claims have. I think that the suhjcct is emi-
nently one belonging to the Committee of
Elections; that they are better prepared to
judge whether the claim is surrounded by such
circumstances as make it proper that it should
be paid. And T think, therefore, they ought
to report upon these facts, and. if they find it
necessary, report a bill for the payment of the
claim. And it is upon that ground that we
deem it proper that this subject should be with
the Committee of Elections ; and I have not
heard anything from the honorable gentleman,
the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
[Mr. Dawks,] to cliange my mind upon that
subject.
Mr. DAWES. I will say that that might be
true, if the present Committee of Elections
had any knowledge whatever of this matter.
That committee, every member of it, is just as
much a stranger to that contest as the Com-
mittee of Claims. And they have no better
access to information than havetjie Committee
of Claims ; they stand in relation to that claim
just precisely as the Committee of Claims do ;
and their duties are vciy different from those
required of the Committee of Claims. As I
understand it, the duty of the Committee of
Claims is to find out the evidence upon which
such claims rest.
I will say, in behalf of the Committee of
Elections, that they have 110 desire to shirk any
proper duty that may be assigned to them. But
the House is aware of the amount of duty that
is unfortunately devolved upon them at this
session. And it does seem to me that every
reason requires the House to send this matter
to the Committee of Claims. That committee
has had this matter under consideration, and,
as was stated by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson",] it has reported favorably upon
it three times already; while it has been re-
ported upon but once by the Committee of
Elections, and that was far back beyond our
recollection, and when the matter was fresh in
their hands.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the House will not
consider that I have abused its courtesy to me.
1 was permitted to take the floor to make an
explanation of the facts in the case of Mr.
Guthrie, how it was that he came heie. and how
his case came to be referred to the Committee
of Claims, without going into an argument as
to which committee should take charge of it.
Now, I do not like this plan of patting into the
belly of a speech an argument upon another
subject, when that was not the object for which
the speech was to be mode. I say this with
entire courteoy to gentlemen on both sides.
1 repeat, Mr. Guthrie came here, and his
claim was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions at the last Congress, and it, was decided
then that it ought to go to the Committee of
Claims. At this Congress the claim was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and they
refer it back to the Committee of Elections. I
say that the House should decide upon that
question one way or the other. Under the cir-
cumstances, I would prefer the Committee of
Claims. But I think the case should be dis-
posed of in some way.
Now, to answer properly the courtesy of the
House in giving me the floor, I will call the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr Hardixg,] to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then it is not necessary to
call the previous question, and therefore I will
not do so.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw the
motion to lay on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of R. L. B. Clarke and
the bill for the relief of Abelard Guthrie, and the
same were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. DAWES demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to reconsider was agreed to—
ayes 61, noes 40.
The question recurred on the motion to dis-
charge ; and being put, the motion was agreed
to.
The petition and bill therefore remain with
the Committee of Claims.'
navy appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union 011 the special order, to finish the small
remnant of the Navy appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the 'Committee
of the Whole on the slate of the Union, (Mr.
Blaine in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of House bill No. 122, making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1867.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
bill by striking out lines two hundred and eleven,
two hundred and twelve, and two hundred and
thirteen, which are as follows:
Pensacola, Florida:
For muster office, S8.104.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
line two hundred and fourteen, which is as fol-
lows :
For new gate to dock basin, $30,000.
That is a large price for a gate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs.isgbrsoll
and Boyer were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to strike
out lines two hundred and sixteen and two hun-
dred and seventeen, which are as follows:
For commandant's quarters, $28,245.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say that command-
ant's quarters are erected in every yard, if no
other buildings are erected, he being the chief
executive officer, who always resides in the yard.
The commandant's quarters at Pensacola were
destroyed, or nearly so, and this appropriation
is necessary for the purpose of putting them
in a condition for occupancy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whether
this amendment shall be adopted depends en-
tirely on whether it is the policy of the Gov-
ernment to rebuild the navy-yard at Pensacola.
I hope that policy will never be carried out.
This yard at Pensacola has been a greater
expense to the country than any other yard in
the country. There never was but one vessel
built there, and that was the Pensacola, the
greatest failure that ever was ; she cracked and
had seams in her through which a man could
almost crawl, and she was finally brought to
Washington and patched up here, and her
whole cost was $1,000,000. That has been
the result of the Pensacola navy-yard. I do not
want that yard rebuilt, nor the navy-yard at
Norfolk. That is the reason why I am against
all these appropriations. We have other and
better navy-yards, where we can build ships
better and cheaper than we can at these yards.
They have destroyed the yards, and I am against
rebuilding them.
