2774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
two-thirds vote of Congress. But this bill, th^Jj
passed, might be an imperfect weapon in the
hands of officers even of willing loyalty, be-
cause every official arm, if it would strike
effective blows in this direction, must be upheld
by the moral power of the Executive. I would
therefore invoke his aid in behalf of these
millions of men who look up to him as the
controller of their destiny. He knows how
they are oppressed. Senators who claim, to
be loyal may deny the facts established by the
mouth of many witnesses. But the President
knows the truth. He knows the u slaveholder."
He has felt the contempt and contumely and
scorn 'with which the mean aristocrat knows
how to crush all whom the Constitution desig-
nates as " other persons/' and since the war
for slavery began has had his home made deso-
late and has held life in hand while traitors
jubilant with assured success have wreaked
vengeance upon loyal men who owned no
slaves.
Yes, sir, he knows these men. Unclothed
of office, he could not now live in his own old
home in Tennessee with the military arm of
Government withdrawn. Those men stand
before him now with simulated respect. There
is no human toady upon earth that crouches so
meanly to the man above him as the tyrant
who arrogantly puts his foot upon the man be-
neath him. The President has verified that
fact in ethics. They solicit and obtain pardon
with bated voice, but no repentance has brought
forgiveness; and if the concurring testimony
of loyal men can substantiate any fact, and put
it beyond feir denial, it is proved to us that in
every State where the traitor flag supplanted
the banners of the Republic, and in Kentucky
none the less, the hatred which disloyal men
have felt toward their Government is finding
expression this day upon the head of the un-
protected freedman.
Mr. Speaker, I propose right here to prove
that statement. General Fisk, in his report to
the Commissioner of the Bureau, dated Janu-
ary G, 1866, says:
"There are some of the meanest unsubjugated and
unreconstructed, rascally rebellious revolutionists in
Kentucky that curse the soil of the country, 'l'hcy
now claim that although the amendmentto the Con-
stitution forever abolishing and prohibiting slavery
has been ratified, and proclamation thereof duly
made, yet Congress mustlegislate to carry the amend-
ment into effect, and therefore slavery is not dead in
Kentucky. Others cling to the old barbarism with
tenacity, claiming that the Government must pay
Kentucky for her emancipated slaves. There are
few public journals in the State which afford great
comfort to the malcontent5!, but the majority of the
people of Kentucky hail the dawn of universal lib-
erty, and welcome the agency of the bureau in ad-
justing the new relations arising from the total abo-
lition of slavery. I have succeeded in obtaining the
servicesof manyfirst-class, judicious, populareitizens
to act as superintendents at the important points.
The tBlno Grass' region is in the best of hands.
General Hay, at Hopkinsville, was a bad failure. He
has been removed. T have consulted General Pal-
mer in the appointment of every agent. I return to
Kentucky on the 10th instant, by invitation of the
Governor, and shall meet the principal planters of
the State at Frankfort, in convention, on the 11th. I
hope to do good unto them, and make the bureau a
blessing to all Kentucky."
On the 23d of January, after the convention
had been held, he writes:
"On the part of many of the politicians in Ken-
tucky there is a bitter opposition^) the bureau.
Govenior Bramlette is most cordial in his expressed
approval of my official action, and, I think, earnest
m his desire that the Assembly so legislate as to give
the freedmen impartial justice. A majority of the
legislators officially denounce the bureau, and pro-
nounce its presence in Kentucky a usurpation of
power, and the act of Congress by which it was estab-
lished unconstitutional. Just nowthereis at Frank-
fort a heated canvass for aUnited States Senatorship
in progress. Candidates for the position vie with
each other m denouncing the Freedmen's Bureau.
Men who have fought galtanth for the honor of their
country's flag are willing to purchase promotion to
the United bcates Senate at the expense of justice to
thiity thousand of their fellow-citizens and fellow-
soldiers too. The Legislature makes no progress in
the enactment of laws applicable to the new condi-
tion of things, but lengthy resolutions denunciatory
of the buicau, and i cquesting the Pre&identto imme-
diately withdraw the odious institution from the
State, arc discussed in protracted debate, and. voted
upon affirmatively with astonishing unanimity, Nei-
ther myself nor any of mv subordinates arc accused
of much wrong-doing. We arc even complimented,
as being just and conservative gentlemen; but the
Freedmen's Sureau and every soldier of the United
States must bo immediately removed from Kentucky
to prevent irritation, &c. If all the States were to so
solemnly protest against the presence of United States
troops within their borders, and the country should
think best to gratify the clamor for immediate and
entire removal that we hear from so many States, the
Government would necessarily bo compelled to rent
a parcel of ground in Canada on which to orect bar-
racks for the accommodation of its withdrawn troops.
"I assure you that in no portion of the country is
this bureau more a positive necessity than in many
counties of Kentucky; and for the sake of the nation's
plighted faith to her wards, the freedmen, and in be-
half of humanity and justice, I implore you and the
President to listen to no request for its withdrawal
from the State until the civil authorities, in the en-
forcement of impartial laws, shall amply protect the
persons and property of those for whose protection
and defense this bureau is set.
" I saw with my own eyes our fellow-soldiers, yet
clad in the uniform of their country's Army, fresh
from their muster out of service, who within the last
ten days wero the victims of fiendish atrocity from
the hands of their former masters in Kentucky.
These returned soldiers had been to their old homes
for their wives and children, and had for this offense
been knocked down, whipped, and horribly bruised,
and threatened with shooting, should they ever dare
to set their feet on the premiscs of the old master
again and intimate that their families wero free."
On the 14th of February General Fisk writes
to the Commissioner of the Bureau as follows :
"General: Kentucky.—I regret that I am unable
to report the bureau aifairs progressing as smoothly
in Kentucky as in Tennessee.
"The freedmen of the State are very generally dis-
posed to enter into labor contracts for wages or a
share of the crop, and most of them prefer remaining
in their own State to emigration elsewhere. On the
part of a large majority ot the whites I believe there
is an honest desire to adjust on a fair basis the new
relations arising from the abolition of slavery, but
the bureau is not a popular institution with them.
They regard its presence amonsr them as unauthor-
ized—denounce its officials as usurpers and despots,
and clamor for its immediate removal from the State.
"In obedience to orders, immediately upon the
ratification of the constitutional amendment forever
abolishing and prohibiting slavery, I extended over
the more than two hundred thousand freedmen of
Kentucky the supervision of this bureau, and ap-
pointed agents in a few counties only. Superintend-
ents were selected from the citizens, and appointed
upon the recommendations of the best men I could
consult. The Kentucky Legislature has, by numer-
ous resolutions, called upon Government to re-
- move the bureaufrem the {State; propositions to for-
ever disqualify any citizen from holding an office in
the State who mightact as an agent of this bureau,
were introduced and discussed. The official State
paper (Louisville Democrat) has declared that, by
the ratification of the constitutional amendment, the
slavery question has become more unsettled than
ever, and many of its readers, believing its doctrines,
practiceaccordingly, andstillhold freedmen asslaves.
These influences in opposition to freedom have ren-
dered it difficult to conduct the bureau affairs in
Kentucky with that harmony and efficiency which
have elsewhere produced good results.
"More than twenty-five thousand colored men of
Kentucky have been soldiers in the Army of the
Union. Many of them were enlisted against the
wishes of their masters, aiidnaw, alter having faith-
fully served their country, and been honorably mus-
tered out of the service, and return to their oldhomes,
they are not met with joyous welcome and grateful
words foi their devotion to the Union, but in many
instances are scourged, beaten, shot at, and driven
from their homcsandfamilies. Their arms are taken
from them by the civil authorities and confiscated
for the benefit of the Commonwealth. TheUnion
soldier is fined for bearing arms. Thus the right of
tho people to keep and bear arms as provided in the
Constitution is infringed, and the Government for
whose protection and preservation these soldiers have
fought is denounced as meddlesome and despotic
when through its agents it undertakes to protect its
citizens in a constitutional right. Kentuekians who
followed the fortunes of John Morgan, and did all in
their power to destroy the nation, go loaded down
with pistols and knives, and are selected as candi-
dates for high positions of honor and trustin the State.
The loyal soldier is arrested and punished for bring-
ing into the State the arms he has borne in battle for
his country.
"That you may have a bird's-eye view of the pro-
tection afforded the freedmen of Kentucky by the
civil law and authorities, I have the honor to invite
your attention to the following extracts from •com-
munications received from our correspondents in
that State.
"C. P. Oyler. of Covington, writes as follows:
"'Jordan Finney and family (freedmen) lived in
Walton. Kentucky; they owned a comfortable homo.
Two of the daughters were wives of colored soldiers,
and lived with him. Returned rebel soldiers herein-
after named combined to drive this family from the
State. They attacked the house threo times, abused
the women and children, destroyed all their clothing,
bedding, and furniture to the value of $500, andfinally
drove them from their homes. Thenam.es of the per-
petrators. so far as known, are Allen Arnold. John
Arnold, Franklin Yowell, "Woodford Fry, L. Snow,
and Robert Edwards; all live in Walton, Kentucky.
An attempt was made to bring these parties to jus-
tice, but it failed, as colored testimony could not be
received. This same manFinncy has a daughterheld
as a slave by Mr. Widen Sheet, of Boone county,
whom he values at £1,000. Sixteen armed men re-
sisted Mr, Finney and an e^pressiaan when they we#t
for. tho girl, and beat them cruelly wjth clubs and
stones.'
"An old colored man named Baxter'was shot and
killed by James Roberts for refusing to let Roberts in
his house. The civil authorities will neither arrest
nor punish said Roberts, as there is no testimony ex-
cept of colored persons. (Reported by Thomas Rice,
Richmond, Kentucky.)
" Lindsley Taylor, of Richmond, stabbed a negro
on the 30th of January, for no cause save that tho
negro did not wish Lindsley to search his house. The
civil authorities tried Taylor and acquittedhim.
(Reported by Thomas Rice, superintendent.) ^
"L.L.Pinkerton, superintendent of Fayette county,
at Lexington, reports that, 'in his and the opinion
of all whom he has consulted, the freedmen cannot
receive their just rights without a considerable mili-
tary force.'
" G. P. Oyler, Covington,writes: 'The civil officers,
after the late action of the Kentucky Legislature in
regard to the Freedmen's Bureau, refused to cooper-
ate with me, and manifest a disposition to drive the
bureau out of the State. It will be impossible to
secure to freedmen their just rights without the aid
of a military force. Colored people are driven from
their homes and their houses burned.'
" William Goodloe writes: 'The counties of Boyle,
Lincoln, and Mercer are infested with guerrilla bands.
Outrages are mostly committed upon colored persons.
The evidence of colored persons is not taken in court
I am powerless to accomplish anything without sol-
diers.'
"Peter Branford, a returned colored soldier, in
Mercer county, was shot by James Poore, a white
man, without cause or provocation.
"Judge Samuel A. Spencer, of Green county,
writes: ' A great many colored men are beaten, their
lives threatened, and they refused the privilege of
returning home because they have been in the Army.
I cannot accept the agency on account of the action
of the Kentucky Legislature.'
" E. P. Asheraft, of Meade county, writes : ' Rich-
ard, William, Jesse, and John Shacklett and Martin
Taylor, returned rebel soldiers, have on differentoc-
casions attacked negroes with fire-arms, and say they
intend no d—d niggers shall live on this side the
Ohio.5 'The civil authorities are powerless.'
"R. W. Thing, of Warren county, writes: 'An old
negro was killed by gun-shot while attempting to run
J^om a white boy eighteen years of age, to escape a
whipping.'
"'A freedman was attacked in his cabin and shot.
He and his wife ran to the woods, with bullets flying
thick and fast around them from five or six revolvers,
the woman escaping with her life by tearing off her
chemise while running, thereby presenting a darker-
colored mark.'
" 'A woman was stabbed by a white woman in the
n6ck, the knife penetrating the windpipe, for giving
water to a Union soldier in a tumbler.'
" 'Awoman and her son were horribly cut and man-
gled with the lash and then hung by the neck until,
so nearly dead that water had to be thrown in their
faces to revive them to make them acknowledge that
they had set a house on fire.'
" 'A woman received a severe cut in the head from
aclubin the hands of a man, who drove her from
her home because her husband had joined the Army.'
" ' There are several cases of robbery of colored per-
sons by returned rebels in uniform, m Russellville,
Kentucky. The town maishal takes all arms from
returned colored soldiers, and is very prompt in shoot-
ing the blacks whenever an opportunity occurs.'
"' I have a case in hand to-day where a white man
knocked down an old man eighty years of age be-
cause he asked for and urged the necessity of his pay
for cutting eight cords of wood.'
"' There has been a large number of cases of women
and children being driven from homo on account of
their husbands enlisting.'
"'It is dangerous for colored people to go into
Logan, Todd, Barren, and the north part of Warren
counties after their children.'
"'A freedman's wife left her former master and
came to live with him, (her husband.) She was fol-
lowed and shot at.'
" ' A furlough od soldier of the twelfth United Statos
colored artillery was murdered at Auburn, Kentucky,
while sitting on his bed. The civil authorities do
nothing in tho case.'
" * An old freedman in Allen county, Kentucky, was
shot and killed because he would not allow himself
to be whipped by a young man.'
"'Major Lawrence, of the seventeenth Kentucky
cavalry, reports that a negro was shot in one of tho
streets of Russellville lastnight. No cause whatever
for it, Several negroes came to me to know what
they should do, saying they had been robbed by a
party of men wearing the confederate States uniform.
Tho judges and justices of the peace in almost every
instance are rebels of^ very strong prejudices, who
will not even take notice of the most hideous out-
rages, and if a case is turned over to them they will
not administer justice. The action of the courts in
southern Kentucky indicates that the day is far dis-
tant when a negro can secure justice at the hands of
the civil law.'
" ' In Grant county a band of outlaws, styling tliem-
selves/'moderators," made an attack upon the col-
ored citizens for the purpose of driving them from tho
State. They went late in the night to their homes,
took them from their beds, stripped and whipped
them until they were unable to walk.'
' Colonel William P. Thomasson, of Louisville,
Kentucky, writes that 'outrages and wrongs upon
freedmen arc numerous, especially upon icturned
colored soldiers. A few nights since a colored soldier
just mustered out, with his money in his pocket and
a new suit of clothes on his back, was waiting for the
cars at Deposit station, a few miles from Louisville;
four or ^ouag rowdies of the place set upon him to
