1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
trars were not residents and voters in the dis-
trict, but strangers there, who did not know the
honest from the dishonest voters so as to be
able to pass upon their qualifications as such.
The failure to have a clerk sworn by law to
make a faithful record enabled men without
the sanction of an oath to do precisely what
was charged upon this clerk, namely, make
false returns and entries upon the register for
the purpose of blinding the inspectors of elec-
tion. The failure to hold their meetings in
the place designated by law enabled them to
hold a meeting unknown to the electors in the
district, and therefore to create facilities for
making a fraudulent registry to be the guide
thereafter. The failure to post up the notice
in the place where the election was held for
two weeks before^ the day of election was a
failure to advertise to the electors of that dis-
trict the names of those they had registered, so
that all could know whether they were true or
false.
And in this connection I wish to call the
attention of the learned gentleman from Ohio
to the fact that the election was not held in the
place where they held their other meetings fer-
tile performance of their duty. It was held in
a stable near by. The law says that the notice
shall be posted up in the room or place where
they hold the registry, which the law desig-
nates as the placc for holding the election.
Therefore the law says that the notice shall bo
posted up in the room where the election is to
be held.
Now, this was not done. The list was posted
up in Thompson'sbar-room, while the election
was held in his stable, off at a distance, com-
municating with this building, as we learn to-
day for the first tiaie, only by a passage-way up
in the second story. Men who went to the
place where the election was held, in the stable,
would not find this registry list; and men who
went to the place where the list was posted up,
would not find the place where the election was
held. The objeet of having the list posted up
in the place where the election was to be held
was, that for two weeks previous to the election
every name recorded there as that of a voter
might undergo a challenge. Now, that was not
done.
Now, all of these things rendered it perfectly
easy to perform the fraud that was charged in
regard to this election precinct, and that is why
the committee have arrayed together the irreg-
ularities in this precinct.
Now, what was the evidence in this case ? To
begin with, the vote in the district was doubled ;
and beside the vote being doubled, according to
the test i niony of one of the inspectors there were
two hundred aad fifty legal voters who failed to
vote. And the vote in this fifteenth district
was as large as it was in the fifteenth and
twelfth districts, forming the old twelfth district
the vear before ; and the part left of the old
twelfth district as the new twelfth district cast
within a few votes of the old vote, so that the
two districts taken together give double the
vote cast in the old twelfth district. A nd when
you take into account the two hundred and
fifty men who Brenuan said were ready to vote
when the sun went down and they were pre-
vented from doing so, then you will have a
thousand or more votes to offset the four hun-
dred and ninety odd given the year before.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask of the chairman
of the Committee of Elections [Mr. Dawes]
if the committee state to this House as a, rule
of law, that the fact that the vote of the new
twelfth and fifteenth districts exceeded the vote
in the old twelfth district by sixty-five and a
half per cent, is of itself evidence of fraud in
the election of 1804. The increase of the vote
is precisely sixty-five and a half per cent.
Mr. DAWES. That is just like the learned
gentleman on the other side taking up one of
these irregularities by itself, and insisting upon
it that I say that renders the election illegal.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman cannot have
understood my question: allow me to restate
it. I simply asked whether the Committee of
Elections claim that fact of itself to be pre-
sumptive evidence of fraud. I make no prop-
osition, but simply leave the question there.
Mr. DAWES. The committee make no such
claim. If my friend had been attentive to what
has already been said ho would have learned
that that fact of itself and alone is not regarded
as evidence of fraud. But that taken with
other things is one of the links in the chain of
evidence that proves there was fraud. And if
my friend cares to look over this book of con-
tested-election cases, I will suggest to him to
read the ease of Blair vs. Barrett, and see what
is said there, and what use the committee made
of that very kind of evidence in that case, and
what the House did in conclusion of the case.
Now, I want the attention of my friend to this
statement. You cannot double the vote in a
little district that you can build a fence around
in an hour—you cannot double the vote in such
a district in a single year without being able to
find some traces of.it. You cannot double the
vote in a single precinct in the city of New
York without being able to find some traces
of it. There will be some new house built,
some new family, some new resident in the
district. They cannot vote without being resi-
dents of the district.
Now, how was it in regard to this district in
which the vote was doubled in a single year?
Not only was there no new habitation erected
in the district., but some of the old ones had
been pulled down. There was no new family
in this district known to any of those parties;
there was no evidence that there was any new-
comer in the district.
And the evidence of one of the inspectors of
the board of registry was that the register had
been incorrectly made, by the clerk purposely
putting down wrong numbers and wrong streets.
And there is evidence that the men could not
be found at those numbers and on those streets,
who were recorded as having voted on those
streets and numbers. There is evidence that,
to a large extent and per cent; in this district,
men who were acquainted with the district and
its residents, and who went around from house
to house, were unable to find these voters any-
where. There is evidence that one of these
parties attempted, while the other did not, to
test the registry by a canvass of the district;
and the evidence of the man who made the
canvass was excluded on the motion of the sit-
ting member, because it was in the form of an
affidavit, the contents of which have never been
before the committee in any way.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will permit me
to ask him another question, simply to throw
light upon the case, as I have failed to gather
it from the report itself. I wish to inquire
whether there was any evidence before the
committee of any effort whatever to trace out
and falsify the poll-list as to the names and
residence of the voters.
Mr. DAWES. It has been stated over and
over again that the contestant employed for
six weeks a man who had been a canvasser for
the city directory, who ought to be a capable
and skillful man for such work, to go from
house to house, testing this registry. The
evidence of this man was not introduced. But
an officer of the Catholic church in the neigh-
borhood, a man who was supposed to have a
peculiar knowledge of the district, and who
was one of the board of election inspectors of
the district, was examined ; and this affidavit,
which had been excluded as part of the testi-
mony of the contestant, was put before him,
and lie was asked about each one of the per-
sons named. I submit that that was, so far as
lus testimony was concerned, a verification of
the list.
Mr. HALE. Did he testify to having made
any examination?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; he was employed by
the sitting member for the purpose of discred-
iting this list which was excluded by reason
of the objection of the sitting member. ■
Mr. BJIOQKS. And we had four days in
which to do it-
Mr. DAWES. When this witness came upon
the stand to discredit the list, he, verified it to
a certain extent.
Then the sitting member called another wit-
ness, a German, to discredit this list. This
witness pronounced 16-of the first 20 names to
be bogus voters; and then the sitting member
examined him no further as to that list., Oil
the other hand, Mr. Speaker, there is.no reply
or explanation as to the fact that the vote
of this district was doubled, and more than
doubled.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have clearly
explained the conclusions of the committee. I
shall not attempt to reargue or enforce the
legal positions so ably presented yesterday by
my colleague upon the committee, [Mr. Shel-
labarger.] Nobody has attempted to refute
those positions; and in truth they are unan-
swerable. The facts, as I have shown, corrob-
orate those positions ; and iu view of the law
and the facts, I submit that the committee are
fully justified in the conclusion that the vote
of that district was so largely fraudulent, was
based upon illegalities so glaring—contribu-
ting, in the language of Seldcn, directly to the
frauds themselves—that there is no precedent,
and ought never to be a precedent, for count-
ing such vote.
The committee are called upon to-day to
state why they did not treat in the same way
the vote of another district in which there was
a majority for the contestant. Now, sir, I beg
the House to listen while I state, in the bearing
of the members of the committee, that one
reason why we did not. pass upon that question
was that we were never asked to do so.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman will permit
mo to state that I did, in my brief, call the
attention of the committee to that point. On
page 48 of the brief all the facts are set out in
regard to that district; and it was the duty of
the committee to look at the brief.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, in further cor-
roboration of what I have stated, I call atten-
tion to the first paragraph of the sitting mem-
ber's brief:
"It is admitted on both sides that in the four
contested districts, namely, twenty-first ward, sev-
enth anil third districts, and eighteenth ward,thir-
teenth and fifteenth districts, two of the three regis-
ters there were Republicans; also, two of the three
inspectors were Republican; the poll-clerks (two in.
each) were equally divided in politics; that is, tho
Republicans had the registration of the voters before
the election, and the reception of tho votes on tho
day of the election."
I now ask the attention of the House to
what the sitting member claims was a call
upon the committee to pass upon this questioit.-
I read from page 48, under the heading, "A
Dodge district:"
"Twenty-first ward, thirteenth district. The vote
stood:
"Dodge, 39-1; Brooks, 134; Barr, 27.
"The allegation is (B., 4,) that tho canvassers were
absent pending the canvass, k irregular and fraudu-
lent,' and that, thereby Dodge was made to run higher
than Lincoln, President, who had only 376 votes. The
vote for McClellan was 185. (Bee official returns,)
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that by
unanimous consent the time of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] be extended.
There waifno objection.
evening session dispensed with.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. With the consent
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, I move
that the session of this evening be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
order cjf business to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, X move that the
session of to-morrow be devoted exclusively to
debate as in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the President's message.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
