1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
hereby, granted to_ the State of Missouri, for
the purpose of aiding in the construction and
extension of the Iron Mountain railroad, from
its present terminus at Pilot Knob to a point
on the southern boundary line of the State of
Missouri, every alternate section of land, des-
ignated by odd numbers, for ten sections in
width on each side of said road ; but in case it
shall appear when the route of said road is
definitely fixed that the United States have sold
any sections or parts thereof, granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption has at-
tached to the same, then it shall be lawful for
any agent or agents to be appointed by the
'Governor of said State to select, subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, from
the lands of the United States nearest'to the
tiers of sections above specified so much land
in sections or parts of sections, to be selected
as aforesaid, as shall be equal to such lands as
the United States have sold or otherwise ap-
propriated or to which the rights of preemption
have attached, which lands thus selected shall
be held by the State of Missouri for the use
and purposes aforesaid, and for none other:
Provided, That the lands so located shall be
within the Ironton land district as now estab-
lished and not more than twenty miles from
the line of said road: And provided further,
That all mineral lands except those containing
coal and iron, and any lands heretofore re-
served to the United States by any act of Con-
gress or in any other manner by competent
authority for the purpose of aiding in any ob-
ject of internal improvement, or for any other
purpose whatever, be, and the same are, re-
served to the United States from the operation
of this act, except so far as it may be found
necessary to locate the routes of said railroad
through the same, in which case the right of
way only shall be granted, subject to the ap-
proval of the President of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be iff urther enacted. That there
be, and is hereby, granted to the State of
Arkansas, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction and extension of a railroad from
the point where the Iron Mountain railroad
intersects the southern boundary line of Mis-
souri. by the nearest and most practicable
route, to a point at or near the town of Helena,
on the Mississippi river, every alternate sec-
tion of land, designated by odd numbers, for
ten sections in width on each side of said road;
but in case it shall appear, when the line of
said road is definitely fixed, that the United
States have sold any sections or parts thereof,
granted as aforesaid, or that the right of pre-
emption has attached to the same, then it
shall be lawful for any agent or agents to be
appointed by the Governor of said State to
select, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Interior, from the lands of the United
States nearest to the tiers of sections above
specified so much land, in alternate sections,
designated as aforesaid, as shall be equal to
such lands as the United States have sold or
.otherwise appropriated, or to which the rights
of preemption have attached, which lands thus
selected shall be held by tho State of Arkansas
for the use and purposes aforesaid, and for none
other: Provided, That the land so selected and
located shall in no^ase be further than twenty
miles from the line of road when the same
shall b*e located : 'And provided further, That
all mineral lands, except those containing coal
and iron, and any lands heretofore reserved to
the United States by any act of Congress, or in
any other manner by competent authority, for
the purpose of aiding in any object of internal
improvement, or for any other purpose what-
ever, be, and the same are, reserved to the
United States from the operation of this act,
except so far as it may be found necessary to
locate the routes of said railway through the
same, in which ease the right of way only shall
be granted, subject to the approval of the Pres-
ident of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
sections and parts of sections of land which
shall remain to the United States within ten
miles on either side of said road, and the even
sections and parts of sections corresponding
to the odd ones selected within twenty miles
of the same, shall not be sold for less than
double the minimum price of the public lands
when sold, nor shall any of the said lands be-
come subject to private entry until the same
shall have been first offered at public sale to
the highest bidder at or above the minimum
price as aforesaid: Provided, That actual bona
fide settlers under the preemption laws of the
United_ States may, after the proof of settle-
ment, improvement, and occupation, as now
provided by law, purchase the same at the in-
creased minimum price: And provided, also,
That settlers under the provisions of the home-
stead law, who comply with the terms and re-
quirements of this [said] act, shall be entitled
to patents for an amount not exceeding eighty
acres each, anything in this act to the contrary
notwithstanding.
_Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
said railroads shall be, and remain, public
highways, so far as the same may be constructed
under this act, for the use of the Government
of the United States, free of all toll or other
charges upon the transportation of any prop-
erty or troops of the United States, and at the
costs in all respects of said railroad companies;
and the said roads are hereby required to be
constructed within tho term of five years from
and after the first day of July, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
lands hereby granted to said States of Mis-
souri and Arkansas shall be disposed of by
said States for the purposes aforesaid only, and
in manner following, namely: whenever the
Governor of either of said States shall certify
to the Secretary of the Interior that any sec-
tion of ten consecutive miles of either of said
roads is completed in a good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner, as a first-class railroad,
and the said Secretary shall bo satisfied that
said State has complied in good faith with this
requirement, the said Secretary of the Interior
shall issue to the said State patents for all the
lands granted and selected as aforesaid, not
exceeding ten sections per mile, situate oppo-
site to and within a limit of twenty miles of the
line of said section of road thus completed,
extending along the whole length of said com-
pleted section of ten miles of road, and no
further. And when the C overnor of said State
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior,
and the Secretary shall be satisfied that another
section of said road, ten consecutive miles in
extent, connecting with the preceding section
or with some other first-class railroad which
may be at the time in successful operation, is
completed as aforesaid, the said Secretary of
the Interior shall issue to the said State patents
for all the lands granted and situated opposite
to and within the limits of twenty miles of the
line of said completed section of road or roads,
and extending the length of said section, and
no further, and not exceeding ten sections of
land per mile for all that part of said road thus
completed under the provisions of this act and
the act to which this is an amendment, and so,
from time to time, until said roads and branches
are completed. And when the Governor of
said State shall so certify, and the Secretary
of the Interior shall be satisfied that the whole
of any one of said roads and branches is com-
pleted in a good, substantial, and workman-
like manner, as a first-class railroad, the said
Secretary of the Interior shall issue to the said
State patents to all the remaining lands granted
for and on account of said completed road and
branches in this act. situated within the said
limits of twenty miles from the line thereof,
throughout the entire length of said road and
branches: Provided, That no land shall bp-
granted or conveyed to said States under the
provisions of this act on account of the con-
struction of any railroad or part thereof that
has been constructed under the provisions.of
any other act at the date of the passage of this
act, and adopted as a part of the line of rail-
road provided for in this act: And provided,
That nothing herein contained shall interfere
with any existing rights acquired under any law
of Congress heretofore enacted making grants
of land to the saidStates of Missouri and Arkan-
sas to aid in the construction of railroads: And
provided further, That should such States or
either of them fail to complete the roads herein
recited within the time prescribed by this act,
then the lands undisposed of, as aforesaid,
within the States so failing shall revert to the
United States.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That so
soon as the Governor of either of said States
shall file or cause to be filed with the Secretary
of the Interior maps designating the routes of
said roads herein mentioned, then it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
withdraw from market the lands embraced
within the provisions of this act.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
nothing contained in this act shall be held aa
vesting in the State of Arkansas title to the
lands herein recited for the trust purpose afore-
said, or authorizing said State to make any dis-
position of the same, until said State shall be
restored in all respects to its former relation to
the national Government and be represented in
the Congress of the United States.
Approved, July 4, 1866.
Chap. OLXVI.—An Act concerning certain
Lands granted to the State of Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the appropriation
by the constitution of the State of Nevada to
educational purposes of the five hundred thou-
sand acres of land granted to said State by
the law of Septcmberfourth, eighteen hundred
and forty-one, for purposes of internal improve-
ment, is hereby approved and confirmed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That land
equal in amount to seventy-two entire sections,
for the establishment and maintenance of a
university in said State, is hereby granted to
the State of Nevada.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
grant made by law of the second day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to each State,
of land equal to thirty thousand acres for each
of its Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, is extended to the State of Nevada; and
the diversion of the proceeds of these lands of
Nevada from the teaching of agriculture and
mechanic arts to that of the theory and practice
of mining is allowed and authorized without
causing a forfeiture of said grant.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to appoint a sur-
veyor general for Nevada, who shall locate his
office at such place as the Secretary of the
Interior shall from time to time direct, whose
compensation shall be throe thousand dollars
per annum, and whose duties, powers, obliga-
tions, responsibilities, and allowances for clerk
hire, office rent, fuel and incidental expenses
shall be the same as those of the surveyor
general of Oregon, under the direction of the'
Secretary of the Interior,_ and such instructions
as he may from time to time deem it advisable
to give him.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in
extending the surveys of the public lands in the
State of Nevada, the Secretary of the Interior
may, in his discretion, vary the lines of the sub-
divisions from a rectangular form, to suit the
circumstances of the country; but in all cases
lands valuable for mines of gold, silver, quick-
silver, or copper shall be reserved from sale.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That until
