1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3785
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the bill named by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. I feel almost as if I was a lit-
tle swindled myself. Yesterday I moved that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill for the construction of a canal around the
falls of Niagara. It was then said that the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] desired to be
present when that bill was considered, and that
he might be present, I consented that the bill
should lie over, and asked the Senate to make
it the special order for to-day at one o'clock ;
but at the suggestion of gentlemen all about
me, who said there would be no difficulty in
taking it up at one o'clock to-day, I did not
press that motion. There was no objection
then, however, to its being considered at one
o'clock to-day ; but on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio the bill to which he has just
referred was then taken up, and I supposed it
was the unfinished business ; and understand-
ing that the Senator wished to conclude that,
I did not insist upon taking up the other bill;
but I think now that the Senate ought really to
conclude that bill, if he insists upon it, and then
I think the bill which we consented yesterday
should be taken up to-day at one o'clock ought
to be proceeded with.
Mr. WADE. I am the friend of both these
measures, both the ship-canal bill and the bill
of the Senator from Missouri, but I think we
had better finish this matter before we take up
any other. We are too apt to mix things up,
and I do not think we gain anything by doing
it. We had- better finish one thing at a time.
I hope we shall take up this bill and finish it.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the motion of Mr. Wade and declared
that the ayes appeared to prevail.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let us haveadivision.
My bill is the pending measure as it is the un-
finished business, and I shall never be able to
get it up if it be put aside now. I only want
to have it read. I want the Senate to become
informed of the nature of the measure and un-
derstand what it is. The Senator from Wis-
consin now says that as soon as the bill of the
Senator from Ohio is disposed of he will move
to take up the Niagara ship-canal bill. The
truth is I have been trying for a week to get
the floor, but I have been cut off on account
of the absence of the Senator from Maine. I
now ask that the bill be read, and then if the
Senator from Ohio insists on going on with his
Alexandria bill, which is also a bill from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, I shall
interpose no objection. I feel no farther inter-
est in it than that it has been placed in my
charge.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will let my bill
be taken up, I will then let his bill be read.
Mr. HENDERSON. But that will displace
my bill entirely; it will be no longer before the
Senate, and the Senator from Wisconsin has
given me notice that he will antagonize the
ship-canal bill against it, as soon as the Sena-
tor's bill is disposed of. Now, as I have got
the floor, as I have the privilege, as 1 have my
measure before the Senate, I state to the Sen-
ator that if he will permit his bill to be passed
over informally until this bill is read, I will
suffer his bill to come up, but I do not want to
lose my place before the Senate.
Mr. WADE. It is very strange to me that
this antagonism should be made. The Senate
most deliberately yesterday made the bill I
have moved to take up the special order for
one o'clock to-day.
Mr. HENDERSON. Move to pass over this
bill informally.
Mr. WADE. Your bill is a very long one,
I believe.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; it is a very
short one.
Mr. WADE. As the Senator only desires
to have his bill read, I do not know but that I
had better consent to have it read, rather than
try a di vision.
'Mr. HENDERSON. In order to settle the
matter, as I do not wish to be pertinacious, if
the Senator will move to pass over informally
this bill, which is now regularly before the
Senate as the unfinished business, I shall make
no objection. But he makes a different mo-
tion ; to postpone this measure and take up his.
Mr. WADE. If my measure is before the
Senate, I am very willing that it shall lie over
informally, to allow the Senator's bill to be
Mr. HENDERSON, It is not before the
Senate.
Mr. WADE. I wish to have it brought be-
fore the Senate, and then I will consent to let
your bill be read.
Mr. CLARK. The point is this: the Sena-
tor from Ohio makes a motion to postpone all
prior orders, and that displaces entirely the
Senator from Missouri. The Senator from
Missouri says that if the Senator from Ohio
will let the unfinished business be laid aside
informally, so as not to displace him, he will
allow this bill to come up. I think the Sena-
tor from Ohio had better do that, if the rest of
the Senate do not object.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection. Any
way to get along the easiest is my way, of
course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business can be laid aside by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WADE. Then let us take up my bill
and go on with it.
Mr. CLARK. Your bill is before the Sen-
ate if that unanimous consent is given.
Mr. WADE. If my bill is before the Senate
that is all I want.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands there is no objection, and there-
fore the hill moved by the Senator from Ohio
is before the Senate.
retrocession of alexandria.
The Senate resumed -the consideration of the
bill (S. No. '280) to repeal an act entitled "An
act to retrocede the county of Alexandria, in
the District of Columbia, to the State of Vir-
ginia, " and for other purposes.
Mr. CLARK. As 1 have been unable to
bring my mind and judgment to the same con-
clusion with the Senator from Ohio, that it is
best to pass the bill now before the Senate,
and as he has declared that the retrocession
of Alexandria to Virginia was a secession
measure, I feel impelled to give the reasons
which will induce me to vote against the re-
peal of that measure which he calls a seces-
sion measure. I do not like to be found voting
with the rebels nor with any plan of the rebels;
and if I believed that that was a part of the
scheme of the rebellion, carried to the end for
that purpoes, I might perhaps vole for the
repeal under ordinary circumstances.
Mr. WADE. Right here, if the Senator will
permit me, I should like to say a word.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. I did say that in my judgment
the measure was moved originally by those in-
tending rebellion. I did not suppose that the
great numbers of those who voted for it had
any such idea. It was, in my judgment, only
some of those Virginia gentlemen who moved
it here who had such motives ; but that I only
guessed at. I did not lay it down as a fact that
it was so, and most assuredly did not intend to
reflect upon anybody who_ had voted for the
measure without any such idea.
Mr. CLARK. I supposed it would come to
that, that it was guess-work.
Mr. WADE. That part of it.
Mr. CLARK. Or perhaps an ad captandum
speech for carrying the present measure, be-
cause when I come to refer to the record in the
House of Representatives of those who voted
for it, I find such names as Douglas, of Illi-
nios; Foot, of Vermont; Ingersoll, of Pennsyl-
vania; Andrew Johnson, now President; Marsh,
of Vermont; Ramsey, of Minnesota; Rockwell,
of Massachusetts; Sehenck, of Ohio: Truman
Smith, of Connecticut; Caleb B. Smith, of In-
diana; Vinton, of Ohio ; and Winthrop, of Mas-
sachusetts. And when I turn to the Senate I
find Cameron, of Pennsylvania; Cilley, of New
Hampshire; John M. Clayton, of Delaware;
Corwin, of Ohio; Crittenden, of Kentucky;
Davis, of Massachusetts; Dayton, of New Jer-
sey; Johnson, of Maryland; and Simmons, of
Rhode Island. I could not well perceive, my-
self, that they had got into < any scheme of
rebellion.
But, Mr. President, laying aside that view
of the ease, I have not been able, as I say, to
come to the same conclusion with the Senator
from Ohio, because it seems to me that it would
only increase the difficulty under which we now
labor. Either the act of 1846 was constitu-
tional or it was unconstitutional. If it was a
constitutional act, and reconveved that terri-
tory to the State of Virginia, that was a cession
with which we have now nothing to do. We
cannot recall it. It was an act done, and the
territory passed under their jurisdiction. If it
was an unconstitutional act, it is a question for
the courts to decide. Congress when it passed
it undoubtedly thought it was constitutional.
I do not think it is quite the prerogative of
this Congress to judge of the act of another
Congress and say it was unconstitutional, and
therefore repeal it on that ground, but to leave
it to the court to say whether it was constitu-
tional or not; especially when if you attempt to
repeal it you only increase the difficulty under
which you now labor. You passed the act of
1846, and by that act, constitutional or not, you
actually transferred all that territory to the
jurisdiction of Virginia. It has been ever since
within the jurisdiction of Virginia for twenty
years. The people there have acknowledged
the laws of Virginia, by your act, by your di-
rection, by your cession.
Now, it seems to me hardly right for the
Congress of the United States to repeal that
act. I- believe they will increase the difficulty
by saying " we will repeal that act; we will re-
sume the jurisdiction which we granted away,"
thus producingaconflict between the two juris-
dictions—the State of Virginia and the District
of Columbia. I think it is far better forthe peace
of the country, for the safety of the country,
for the quiet of the neighborhood; I mean to
let that territory remain under the jurisdiction
of Virginia until the question can be tried by
the courts. If the courts decide the law to be
unconstitutional, then the whole jurisdiction
must revert to the District of Columbia, [f it
isdecided to be constitutional, wehaveno power
over it; and if you repeal the act, it must re-
main as it was. You do not escape the diffi-
culty by the repeal of the act. There may be
persons within that district who will say, " this
Territory passed to the State of Virginia by the
act of 1846; it was an act done, and the cession
was complete; you ca.nnot recall it; we do not
acknowledge the right of the District of Colum-
bia over us; we prefer the jurisdiction of the
State of Virginia;" and they appeal to the
courts, and the courts decide that that first act
was constitutional; what then? It must remain
there; the repeal cannot alter it: so that, in
either case, you do not escapc the difficulty.
You only make matters worse, it seems to me.
I prefer that the matter should remain as it is,
so far as I am concerned, until it is decided by
the proper tribunal, to wit: a court of the
United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say one word on this
subject. I myself never heard of any move-
ment or intention of secession as connected
with the retrocession of Alexandria to Vir-
ginia. I voted against it, and Jefferson Davis
voted against it at the same time. There was
about as much blending of votes that had a
tendency and an anti-tendency to secession on
that subject as could occur upon almost any
other subject whatever.
The first movement, as I learn from a re-
spected friend who is a citizen of this Dijtrict,
for the retrocession of Alexandria was made
about the year 1820. The considerations upon
which that movement was made were about
these: there was one system of civil law for
that portion of the District northeast of the
Potomac, and there was a different system of
