1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. KASSON. I desire only to say that it is
not a question of reconstructing the navy-yard at
Pensacola. The single question is whether the
property we have there shall be protected, and
whether we shall provide quarters for the ex-
ecutive officer of the yard who has charge of
that property. It is no proposition to rebuild
the navy-yard. That is all 1 have to say.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes sixty, noes not counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
striking out line two hundred and eighteen,
reading as follows:
3?or quarters for officers, §50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
striking out lines two hundred and nineteen and
two hundred and twenty, in these words:
For repairs of all kinds, $109,618.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Chairman, I would like
to know what is the reason for striking out
these appropriations, which have been exam-
ined and approved by the Committee on Ap-
propriations, unless it is simply because these
yards happen to be located in the southern
States. Now, the truth is that no other navy-
yard in the United States so much demands
appropriations for its maintenance as this navy-
yard at Pensacola. I suppose the House must
know that we expect hereafter to have a whole,
an undivided country, embracing both North
and South, and that it may be necessary that
we should protect the South from invasion as
much as the North. I am opposed to what
seems to be the policy of some gentlemen here
—to strike out appropriations simply bccanse
the works for which they are designed are lo-
cated in the southern States. At some future
time, when we may be engaged in a war with
a foreign country, it will be necessary that we
should be able to protect localities in the South
as well as in the North. It strikes mo that it is
but a narrow-minded prejudice which prompts
members of this House to attempt to prevent
legislation which may be necessary to prevent
the southern portion of the country from being
overrun by foreign enemies. This very unwise
policy is not at all justified by the fact that we
have just emerged from a rebellion in which
the South was the main participant and the
main actor.
Although Maximilian may soon cease to oc-
cupy his throne in Mexico, we may yet have a
contest with England : and it is necessary that
we should fortify our whole country, South as
well as North, so that we may be prepared to
meet the combined hordes of the European
Powers, if they should attempt, to infringe upon
our just rights. Because I desire that we shall
be able to protect our country, to repel inva-
sion, to vindicate the rights of the nation against
the assaults of any foreign enemy, I am opposed
to striking out of this bill appropriations which
may be necessary for the defense of the coun-
try in a time of peril.
Mr. TH AYEK. I move pro fnrm.a to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
It appears to me, Mr. Chairman, to be of the
utmost consequence that we should preserve
the navy-yard at Pensacola. That is the point
from which we must defend the Gulf of Mexico.
That is the point from which our ships designed
for the defense of the Gulf must issue forth,
and to which they must go for repairs and pup-
plies. Tt seems to me to be a very crazy kind
of policy to abandon the only navy-yard on the
Gulf that is competent to furnish the necessary
means for our defense in that quarter. I hope
the gentlemen of this House will reflect before
determining to adopt any such policy. I trust-
that they will sustain the navy-yard at Pensa-
cola as one which is necessaiy i'or the defense
of the United States in that quarter.
Why, sir. if we are to send our ships from
the Gulf of Mexico to northern r.avy-yards, the
nearest navy-yard north of the Gulf is, I be-
lieve, at. Norfolk, and that navy-yard is now in
ruins. Ilenee, if this navy-yard at Pensacola
be not maintained, every ship that may go to
the Gulf of Mexico for the protection of our
commerce and the general interests of the Uni-
ted States in that quarter, must make this long
voyage to a northern navy-yard in order to have
any petty repair made. Now, sir, it is a most
unwise and foolish economy contemplated by
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
It is penny wise and pound foolish, and I do
entreat gentlemen to consider the effect of their
votes on questions of this magnitude on the gen-
eral interests of the United States before they
cast them.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee, as I understand, in reporting in favor
of the appropriations for the Pensacola navy-
yard have not recommended that they be made
solely for necessary repairs, but upon the idea
of rebuilding that yard and putting it. in as
good condition as it was before the rebellion.
If the only purpose of an appropriation was to
place that yard in a suitable condition to repair
our war vessels which may need repair in the j
Gulf of Mexico, I should not object to make i
such an appropriation ; but the proposition is
that there shall be a navy-yard there like the
navy-yards at New York, Philadelphia, and
Charlestown, and that we are to keep tip there a ;
navy-yard not only for repairs, but for the con- i
struction of ships. Sir, before this can be ac- !
comphslied millions of money must be appro- !
priated ; and after all this is done, not one war ;
vessel could ever be built there. Now, in an :
economical point of view, I do not think that |
my proposition is so absurd as the gentleman .
from Pennsylvania imagines. Economy in all t
things, in the present financial condition of the
country, is imperatively demanded. j
Mr. Chairman, I am looking to an econom-
ical administration of the Government. Econ- .
omy must be exercised or the country will be j
ruined. Whether we shall be involved in a war <
with England or .franco I cannot say, but I as- !
sert that we have a sufficient naval force to-day, j
not only to defend our own territory, but to
whip the navies of the world, if they should
assail us, without building another vessel. We. j
do not. need a navy-yard at Pensacola. Espe-
cially is this the case as the building of wooden ;
ships of war has been abandoned. Wooden war j
ships are now nearly valueless, except for store- :
ships. There has been a revolution in naval ;
architecture: iron and steel have taken theplace
of wood. Hie material now used in the construe- I
tion of naval vessels eomesfrom the North. It
comes largely from the gentleman's own State.
It is in the northern States where iron is found
in abundance ; and there also are to be found
the facilities in preparing it for use in the con-
struction of naval vessels. It cannot be done
at the navy-yard at. Pensacola, and should not.
if it could ; and if you continue that navy-yard
you will have to ship from the North nearly all
"the materials which enter into the construction
of a man-of-war. Then why should we not have
those ships constructed at the North, where the
material is at hand ? A first-class war vessel
built at Pensacola -would cost at least twenty-
five per cent, more than if built at New York.
It seems to me that this Pensacola navy-yard
is to be maintained, if maintained at all, more
for the benefit of individuals than for the ben-
efit of the Government.
I assert that this squandering of millions of
dollars for dilapidated and out-of-the way navy-
vards is more than shameful. It is, in my opin-
ion. nothing but a robbery of the Treasury, and is
imposing enormous burdens of taxation upon
the already heavily taxed people, for which any
gentleman of this House may expect to beheld
responsible to his constituents.
I do not vote for appropriations for navy-
yards simply because they are or have been
navy-yards, and only vote for those which are
essential to the maintenance of the Navy.
Mr. THAYER. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. Does he think it advisable for the
protection of the interests of the LTnited States
that we should have no navy-yard in the Gulf
of Mexico?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, so far as the con-
struction of ships is concerned.
Mr. THAYER. For any purpose?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, if you mean, such
navy-yards as we have at Portsmouth, New
York, and Philadelphia. I would vote a rea-
sonable appropriation for that navy-yard, so that
ordinary repairs to vessels could be made there.
Mr. THAYER. How ean repairs be made
unlessyou havethe necessary work-shops there?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Of course you cannot
make repairs without the tools. If you mean
by repairs the building of a ship over again;
then 1 say better sink the ship and build a new
one where the materials can be procured at a
cheaper rate, for it would cost more to repair
a ship in that sense at Pensacola than to build
a new one in the North.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DARLING. I move to strike out the
last line.
Mr. Chairman, I go upon the maxim that in
times of peace we should be prepared for war.
I hold that, to be a safe principle for our Gov-
ernment; and in that view, what has been said
by the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. TiiAfti; ,] in regard to the navy-yard at
Pensacola, is true, and ought to have weight
with the House. While it maybe true that no
ship may be needed to be constructed at Pen-
sacola, still vc should have a yard there for
the purpose of making repairs of our ships sta-
tioned in the Gulf and in our southern ports.
I maintain we ought to have a united country,
and for that purpose it is essential we should
have navy-yards at different points. It is ne-
cessary that certain repairs should be made
to our vessels stationed in the Gulf, and it is'
necessary that machinery and other facilities
.should be established there so as to preclude
the necessity of sending ships to the North for
repairs. I trust that the House will be more lib-
eral in regard to these appropriations, and not
strike them out because they happen to be for
yards in the southern part of the United States
of America. •
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have boon
willing to vote for appropriations for repairs at
all the yards. Rut I can see no reason why
more should be appropriated for this Pensa-
cola navy-yard than for any other ; and I think
the proposed appropriation for it is far more
than for any other save one. We have no need
for a navy-vard for the construction or large
repair of vessels at Pensacola. It is not a lit
place for a yard. There should be a coaling
station and repair shop there, but nothing more.
Our Navy is not what it was—a fleet of timber
ships dependent upon sails. It is an iron Navy,
moved by steam and machinery. Naval suprem-
acy among nations is hereafter to be settled on
land. That nation which has the amplest sup-
ply of forges, furnaces, and rolling-mills, of iron
and steel, and the most workshops and skilled
workers in iron and steel, will be the master
nation on the sea. The question is one merely
of machine power and skill in working the met-
als I have named.
At Pensacola, or in that vicinity, there are
neither forges, furnaces, machine shops, nor
skilled workmen. Nor is the water at or near
that yard (it to float an iron navy not on active
service. To illustrate that I will read an arti-
cle no-.v going the round of the papers, which I
clipped from the Philadelphia Inquirer of Feb-
ruary 6 :
"A discovery has been made at Toulon, where the
iron-plated frigate f'l-ovetieo is undergoing repairs,
winch shows the danger thatmenacestheentireiion-
coated fie"! ot France. The Provence was fitted out.
for sea onlv fifteen months since, and alreadv a great
number ot her plates are nearly consumed with ruft.
The director of naval architecture is of opinion that
if a composition be not discovered to prevent the ac-
tion of ru«t, the iron-plated fleet must be renewed
e\'er> ii\e yeaxs.-'
In the fact thus disclosed is nature's guar-
antee of the supremacy of the American navy.
More fortunate than England and France, we
have fresh-water harbors in which wo can float
iron vessels. Fresh water is a cure for the dis-
eases inflicted upon them by salt water. And I
am opposed to making large appropriations for
navy-yards in our warm southern regions, m
the waters of which worms eat wooden vessels
and the salt water rust consumes iron ones, and
