2776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
"2. In many scotions United States agents would
not be tolerated unless backed by military force. I
was assured by respectable and influential residents
of the country in some sections,that no northern man
could reside there were ifc not for the presence of the
bayonet, and that, in their opinion, such would be
the case for ten years to come. I am not convinced
of the truth of this statement, yet, with my own
observation, I am led to conclude,
"3. That the troops should remain for protection
of northern residents and to encourage emigration.
"4. As desired by the better part ot the whites, to
maintain good order and peace.
"5. Wherever United States troops are withdrawn
a militia organization at oncespringsinto life, which
invariably tends to disturbances between whites and
blacks, and to the latter is, I am convinced, an un-
mixed evil."
General Gregory, in writing from Galveston,
Texas, December 9, 1865, says:
" In some portions of the State, and especially is it
the case where our troops have not been quartered,
freedmen arc restrained from their liberty, and sla-
very virtually exists the same as though the old sys-
tem of oppression was still in force. The freedmen
do not understand their true status, and their former
inas-teis, although acknowledging them to be free,
practically deny the truth by their acts. With this
class of men (and a few of the editors who still con-
tinue to misrepresenttheobjectforwhichthisbureau
was instituted)we havemorcdifficulty than any other
as they refuse to pay the laborer his hire, and it
seems almost impossible for them to deal justly and
honestly with him. This is owing, perhaps, to the
fact that heretofore they have had his labor without
compensating him therefor. In this respect, how-
ever, there are evidences of improvement, and I
trust that in the future there will be less cause for
complaint on this account. They must pay them,
if they expect to employ 'laborers worthy of their
hire.'
"Owing to the vast extent of territory embraced in
my district, I find great difficulty in procuring a suf-
ficient number of officers who can render me that
assistance, as sub-assistant commissioners, which is
necessary to a proper discharge of my official duties.
But few, comparatively, feel and manifest that inter-
est in the advancement of the freedmen that they
should."
And now, Mr. Speaker, I present gome more
recent proof, drawn from the official records
of the bureau.
Extracts from, a report of Brevet Ma.for 0. B. Carse,
dated Lexington, Virginia, March 1^, 1866:
"I have the honor to report that during the month
of February I investigated upward of fifty cases, of
which many were of considerable importance. Some
of assaults made upon the freedmen, others in regard
to non-payment of wages for services rendered, &c.
"The great difficulty seeing to he caused by the
whites not being willingtopay forthelaborafterthey
have agreed to do so.
"I find some cases in which the former owners of
these people havo taken the whole amount of last
year's hire from the parties to whom they hired their
slaves during the hiring season of 1S64 and 1865. In
all cases where I have foundthistobethecaselhave
ordered that payment be made to the freedmen from
thelOth day of April,1865,at thesameratesforwhich
they were hired previous to the surrender. Manyof
the contracts at that time, i. e., previous to the sur-
render, were made payable in grain, and I have inva-
riably caused grain to be paid or its equivalent.
"An ex-member of the Virginia State Legislature
drew half of lastycar's hire forone of his slaves from
a man named Teaford, to whom he had hired hisslave
previous to the surrender, and he has tried to get the
balance, but the case was brought to my notice, and
I have ordered Mr. Frazier (ex-member of the Vir-
ginia Legislature) to pay back the grain taken by
him as hire from the 10th of April until the 1st of
July, and also ordered Mr. Teaford to pay the frecd-
man the full amount of grain due from thelst of July
until the time the freedman in question ceased to
work for him.
" I have had a case reported to me in which a col-
ored man was struck thirty-nine lashes by his former
owner because he got an order or statement from
General Darall last June and took it to his master to
prove that he was a free man. I will report the facts
m the ease as soon as I have heard them from both
parties.
"I am more inclined to think the people of the
surrounding country are less inclined to do justice to
the freedmen than I was when I arrived here."
14 Unless there is a better disposition on the part of
the citizens and th.eir sons, and the cadets and stu-
dents, I will have to send tor troops. It seems im-
possible for these people to understand that the laws
of the Umted< States are supremo here. They seem
to think nothing should occur or be said that doesnot
accord with their ideas of right and wrong, and that
an officer of the Government is a thing only to be
tolerated." ******* .t.
4( There does not seem to be any disposition on the
part of the whites to help the aged and infirm
freedmen."
An official letter of Colonel E. "Whittlesey,
of date March 23, I860, speaking of Korth
Carolina, says:
" In this connection I may add that under my Cir-
cular No. 1, several oases of potty larceny havo been
tried by^ civil courts, and the old barbarous punish-
ment of whipping been inflicted, I have brought the
matter before the department commander, and am
awaiting |iis action.
" I am satisfied that the negro has verylittle chance
of getting his due before tho civil courts of North
Carolina at present. Stitt it is desirable to transfer
jurisdiction to them as soon as possible."
Extract from report of J. W. Alvord. inspector^ of
finances and schooh, dated March 17,1866, Washing-
ton, District of Columbia :
"On my route from Richmond to Washington I
fell in with a striking instance of the persecution of
loyal men in the South. A company of seventy-five
Quakers, old people, men, women, and little chil-
dren, were on the train, fleeing from Randolph county.
North Carolina, to homes they expected to find in
the more quiet West. One hundred and twenty-five
of their number, as they told me, were to follow them.
They had been settlers in that county formany years;
peaceableandprosperous. Buttheir young men when
conscripted into the rebel army rcfusod to go, and
fled as refugees to the mountains. Now, as they come
back to peaceful employments the returned rebels
persecute the whole community in every possible way,
disturbing their social comfort, vexing them with
petty lawsuits, threatening violence, and in some
cases inflicting it. Their proverbial patience had
become so exhausted and the fears of their women
and children so excited that they could endure it no
longer. Farms and pleasant homes could not be sold
under such circumstances, but were abandoned, and
with the little money saved by their frugality they
hope to reach their destination in the State of Indiana.
"The whole story of this honest, simple-hearted
people was very touching, enlisting deeply the sym-
pathy of their fellow-travelers. Their means were
evidently very scanty and their hearts were sorrow-
ful. Aged women, unaccustomed to hardship, spent
thenight, from Acquia creek, on the deck flooroi the
crowded steamer, while little babes wailed themselves
to slumber in the arms of mothers without their ac-
customed nourishment.
"There can be no mistake in such a case. These
st^id, excellent people have not left their chosen and
long-eherished homes without sufficient reason."
NORTH CAROLINA.
From the general report for the month of
February, 1866, of Colonel E. Whittlesey,
assistant commissioner, the following para-
graphs are extracted: •
" The instances of petty annoyance and interference
with the industry and enterprise of freedmen who arc
trying to do well are numerous. Their horses and
mules are stolen, their fences torn down, their pigs
killed, their arms taken away." * * *
"The apprenticing of children has given rise to
many abuses and hardships. In some instances the
civil authorities have undertaken to execute articles
of indenture. At a single session of the county court
in Sampson county several hundreds, it is reported,
were 'bound out' to their former masters, in many
instances the older children only being selected tor
this service, leaving the young children to be sup-
ported by their parents. I havo directed the assist-
ant superintendent of that county to proclaim all such
indentures as are contrary to the regulations of this
bureau null and void." •<*•■<* *
"The freedmen are not yet free from apprehension
that their liberty will prove but a dream. They see
so much ill-feeling exhibited toward them and hear
so often that they are an inferior race and must always
expect to be, that they are afraid to trust the whites.
Could they be sure of full protection everywhere they
would exert themselves more earnestly to acquire
pioperty and toimprove theircondition. Even now,
with all the discouragements under which they labor,
there are many cheering signs of progress."
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Iii a report made on the 28th of February,
1860, by Lieutenant Colonel John Deveraux,
acting sub-assistant commissioner for Edgefield
district, to Brevet Major General R. K. Scott,
assistant commissioner, it is stated as follows:
"1. The total military force in Edgefield district is
nineteen enlisted men of the twenty-fifth Ohio Vet-
eran volunteers, commanded by a lieutenant, seven
men of which force are stationed at Edgefield Court-
Ilouse and twelve atHamburg. Edgefield being one
of the largest and most unruly districts in the State,
this small force is entirely inadequate to exact the
proper respect for the United States authorities.
"2. There are two organized bands of outlaws, one
consisting of eight men and the other of thirteen men,
led by an ex-confederate major named Coleman, at
present raiding this district and committing with im-
punity the most fiendish outrages on Union men and
negroes. They have murdered a number of negroes
and one white man without provocation, and robbed
and driven fiom their homes several northern men
who have property here. Coleman, the leader, is a
desperate character; he has exhibited to severalper-
sons whom I saw, eight ears cut from colored per-
sons: he carries them in an envelope and shows them
as trophies." * * * * * * *
" It is my decided opinion that nothing will restore
the supremacy of the laws and render the lives of
Union men or freedmen safe in this part of the coun-
try but the hunting down and extermination of these
desperadoes by a respectable force of cavalry, as they
are mounted in the best manner and belong to the
class miscalled (in the South) gentlemen, and no doubt
are harbored and kept well posted by many of tho
inhabitants."
From an official brief (made up from reports
received from the acting sub-assistant commis-
sioners and agents of the bureau in South Caro-
lina) transmitted on the 16th instant by Brevet
Major General R. K. Scott, to the Commis-
sioner, the following extracts are taken:
COLLSTON DISTRICT.
** Here a planter had a man, his wife, and two boys
under contract. They taking the small-pox through
being placed in a house where the disease had pre-
vailed, tho planter sent them in a rain storm two
miles into the woods, and then loft them without food
or clothing to die, although at the time he was in debt
to them. They remained in the woods three weeks
in great suffering until they were accidentally dis-
covered by a colored man, who took them home and
provided for them." ******
NEWBERRY DISTRICT.
"The freedmen are subjected to barbarous treat-
mentby a band of outlaws. In oneinstancetwofreed-
women were taken from their houses, ravished, and
otherwise maltreated. It is believed that regularly
organized bands of outlaws infest some portions of
the country for the express purpose of persecuting
the freedmen. Their operations being carried on at
a distance from the garrisons, which are infantry, it
is very difficult to detect and arrest them, and the
freedmen seldom dare to complain for fear of greater
cruelties." * ,.*♦****
"A letter just received from the post commander at
Greenville Court-IIouse, shows a horrible state of af-
fairsinthatdistrict." * ♦ * * "Withbutfew
exceptions, and those due to the presence of the Uni-
ted States troops, the freedmen were turned off the
plantations without pay lor last year's work. The
contracts for thi& year show a disposition on the part
of the planters to reduce wages to thelowest possible
figure, and in very-'many cases to obtain, by deceit,
the services of freedmen on terms far worse than
nothing." ■****-«■****
" Cruelty and even death of freedmen at the hands
of white civilians, are not uncommon occurrences.
One party boasted to prominent men of the district
that ho had shot twenty-eight freedmen since 'the
surrender' and offered his services to kill others if
there were any particularly offensive to the commu-
nity." * * * ■* "One boy coming back to
the plantation after having been away with United
States troops, was in the presence of the 6ther freed-
men of the place deliberately shot, but he being only
wounded thereby, a rope was placed round his neck
when he was choked until dead."
GEORGIA.
From a letter received February 7, 1866, by
the Commissioner from General Tillson, assist-
ant commissioner, the following paragraphs are
extracted:
"The people -of the State; who generally at first
were strongly opposed to giving reasonable wages,
influenced by tho judicious course of the bureau, are
exhibiting a readiness to nay the freed people fair
wages. Very many say that their prospects were
never so good before, and that the freed people were
doing admirably." * x * * "Whenever
it could be brought to bear on such people (i. e., plant-
ers complained of in remote parts of the State) with-
out an exception, the kind, conciliatory, but immov-
ably firm course pursued by the bureau has induced
them to change their intentions and act in a just and
sensible manner."
FLORIDA.
Accompanying Colonel Osborne's (assistant
commissioner) report of the condition of freed-
men's affairs in Florida, for the month of Feb-
ruary, is a report from Lieutenant Quentin,
sub-assistant commissioner in charge of bureau
affairs for the counties of Madison, Taylor, and
La Layette. From the record of Lieutenant
Quentin's report the following is extracted:
"This officer makes a generally favorable report
of the condition and disposition of the freed people,
and states that the better class of whites seem to be
very well disposed toward the freedmen, although
the lower class of whites arc found to be quarrelsome
toward their laborers, as well as abusive and greedy.
"There is so wide a difference between employer
and employe in respect to their ability to transact
ordinary business and to comprehend the force of a
contract, and so great a desire rapidly to repair losses
and iegain fortunes, and withal so little desire on tho
part of employers to sec the freedmen rise in any re-
spect, that unless an enlarged benevolence is to gov-
ern in the settlements at the close of the year, little
will have been accomplished for tho eolored man
except to arouse him from a not too trusting confi-
dence to an unpleasant andunconquerable suspicion."
LOUISIANA.
From a report made March 9,1866, to Brevet
Major General Baird, assistant commissioner,
by James Cromie, captain and brevet major
twelfth Veteran Reserve corps:
"I would also respectfully report that tho number
of colored persons in this (Cfalcasicu) parish before
the passage of the ordinance of secession in this State
was sixteen hundred, and from the information which
I have received I believe there are at the present
time twelve hundred. There are some whito inhab-
itants who still insist upon holding these freedmen
in their former state of bondage. Those citi/xns
remaining in Lake Charles and vicinity desire very
much to have an agent of the bureau sent to them iu
