m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
around which treason holds its sway as com-
pletely now as it did in April, 1801. We should
not establish a navy-yard or even an extensive
repair shop there in the present unsettled con-
dition of the country.
.. .The CHAIRMAN. The debate on the
amendment to the amendment is exhausted,
and the gentleman withdraws it. The ques-
tion now is on striking out lines one hundred
and nineteen and one hundred and twenty.
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike out the words
"for repairs of all kinds." 1 want to say a
single word in explanation of the vote I have
given and shall give on this subject. I do not
vote against these appropriations because these
yards are in the South at all. I vote against
them, in the first place, because expenditures
that are necessary and proper at another time
have been refused to other yards—to one in
which I have felt a special interest, and of which
I am in some degree a Representative. I vote
against these appropriations in the South for
the same reason that the House has adopted in
striking out appropriations for th(?%avy-yards
at the North.
I vote against them, in the next place, because
the communities in which these southern yards
arelocatedarein an unsettled condition; and in
the event of our having trouble with England or
France, as the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Rogers] suggested, it might be uncertain
whether the sentiment of these communities
would he for us 01 against us. And I am op-
posed to expending any money in that case not
absolutely necessary until these communities or
States are in a settled condition and we can count
upon their support in the event of any trouble.
As soon as that is accomplished—and I hope to
see its accomplishment at the earliest possible
moment—I will vote liberal appropriations for
the navy-vards in the South as well as in the
North. But J do not believe it is right for us to
expend huge sums of money wjiich indirectly, if
not directly, go to the support of the political
sentiment of these communities until that degree
of peace is established which we have a right to
require. If it be absolutely necessary to sus-
tain our national defenses at Peusacola, let an
appropriation be recommended for that pur-
pose, and I will vote for it. But if it be abso-
lutely necessary that expenditures shall be made
for repairs, I would rather vote additional ap
Si'opriations for the navy-yards in Philadelphia,
ew York, and elsewhere, with instructions to
see that the repairs arc made in the southern
yards, than to vote to make appropriations di-
rectly for them. It is not, therefore, on account,
of their location, but on account of the general
condition of (he country liuit I think we arc
justified, not in refusing, but in suspending, for
the moment, appropriations of an extraordi-
nary extent.
Mr. BLOW. T oppose the amendment to the
amendment, and I rise to make a statement in be-
half of the Committee on Appropriations. By
reference to the estimates of appropriation it will
be found that $-152,000 was the estimate sent us
by the Navy Department for ihe Peusacola mivy-
yard; the committee have reduced that amount
to £200,000. and this committee has already
cut down that amount to about $150,000; and
if this appropriation, which is absolutely ne-
cessary to sustain the yard, is stricken out, (he
whole amount claimed tor this yard bv the
Navy Department will be absolutely reduced
to $137,000. Better, a thousand times better,
strike down this navy-yard altogether, if you
have no confidence in the Department which
asks you to sustain it, or the committee which
brings these carefully reduced estimates to your
attention.
I hope, with all deference to gentlemen upon
the other side, that this $10'J,000 will not be !
stricken out, and that the Pensacola yard will '
at least be kept in a situation for the repair of
our vessels until we determine on some policy
in regard to all of the navy-yards of our coun-
try : and T beg gentlemen from the northeastern
portion of the country—Imean especially f; om
New York and New England—to examine this
bill in connection with their own estimates
and notice the very small and partial reduction [
that has been made. 1 think we have voted I
$500,000 simply for repairs at the New YTork 1
navy-yard. It strikes me that this appropria-
tion of $109,000 is an absolute necessity; and
the only point before this committee is whether
they will strike out Pensacola altogether, as pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, or make
this appropriation which, under existing cir-
cumstances, is an actual necessity.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation to $20,000.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to allow me to
have read an amendment which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly; let it be read.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Amend tho paragraph so a.? to read as follows :
For the preservation of the property of the United
States atthePensacola navy-yard, or as much thereof
as may be nccessary, $20,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept that as my amend-
ment ; and now I move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. THAYER. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly; I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. Til AY ER. I simply want to ask whether
my colleague has information that the yard at
Pensacola is in such a condition that vessels of
the United States coming into Peusacola from
the Culf of Mexico can be repaired'.''
Mr. STEVEN'S. I think it is in such a sit-
uation that partial repairs can be made, not
full repairs.
Mr. THAYER. Can those repairs continue
to be made without this appropriation?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know of any rea-
son why they may not. I think, however, that
we had better wait to see whether this yard is
to be seized by traitors again after we repair it.
I must now insist on my motion that tho com-
mittee rise.
Mr. IUCE, of Massachusetts. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
11 r. STE VliNS. 1 will, if the gentleman will
renew my motion.
Mr. RICE, ot Massachusetts. I will do so.
Mr. Chairman. I hope the members of this
committee will well consider the action which
they propose to take upon this bill, forasmuch
as tho action which was taken yesterday, if it
shall be continued to-day. will materially change
the naval policy of this Government and the
position of the United States among the other
first-class Powers of the world. l>uring the
progress of the war this Government has as-
sumed a high position among the nations of the
earth as a naval Power; but ! desire to statoto
gentlemen that the war in which we ha\e been
engaged mi the oeean lias been an offensive
war against an enemy on our coast or in our
own waters, and thai the amount of money
which we have expended de,ring the last four
years has been mainly expended in providing
vessels and ordnance suited to repel invasion,
and to put ourselves in a condition to carry on
a defensive war at home. And the results
which we have attained in thai direction have
been such as any American citizen may be
proud of. They arc such as have commanded
the respect and admiration of mankind every-
where. 'They are the most gigantic achieve-
ments that have ever been made by any nation
on the face of tho earth in tho same length of
time. And if our territory were to be invaded
to-day, and we were to wage a war at home,
wc are pretty well provided with iron vessels
and with heavy ordinance to defend oar terri-
tory.
But thus far our Navy is largely one-sided.
Wc arc \ery pooily prepared to go into a gen-
eral war upon the ocean with any first-class
naval Power. The reason is because our atten-
tion has not yet been directed to that subject.
I desire to make this point here, particularly
because my friend from 'Illinois [Mr. Ixgek-
soll] seems to give the impression to the House
that we are fully prepared to measure strength
to-day upon the ocean with the Governments
of France and Great Britain in a general mari-
time war. I am not willing to sit here in silence,
holding the position I do by the favor and court-
esy of this House, and allow that statement to
go out by my sanction and upon my responsi-
bility. I desire to say to my associates in this
body that we are not prepared for such a state
of things. And any man who takes that im-
pression to his heart deceives himself, and mis-
leads this Government in regard to tho position
in which it will find itself, should we unfortu-
nately be drawn into a foreign war.
Sir, great as are the navies of France and
Great Britain to-day, they have navy-yards, a
single one of which is greater than arc all ours
combined, and yet to-day every hammer and
every anvil in those foreign yards is ringing
out with the strokes of laborers employee! in
fabricating ships and machinery to defend the
flags of France and England upon the ocean in
the case of a foreign war.
Are the members of the American Congress
prepared to sit here supinely and say that we
are willing to take the hazards that may result
from the political complications of the world
without any preparation whatever? Are they
prepared to say that we will not maintain prop-
erly and efficiently the limited naval establish-
ments that we now have? Are they prepared
to say that where rebels and traitors have conic
inand destroyed our property we willlettheruins
forever stand there as monuments of the power
of the rebellion against the only free republic
on the face of the earth?
Sir, we have nothing local, nothing sectional
in respect to these navy-ynrds, or in the appro-
priations that are made for them. For one, I
disclaim the imputation thai there is anywhere
room for a feeling of sectional jealousy in re-
lation to one or the other of these navy-yards.
They are the property of our common country;
they are your property as well as mine; the
property of men of the East, men of the West,
men of the middle States; and I hope there
will be, if there are not now, some time men
in the southern States to whom this will also be
common property.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say a word.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. T promised the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiwexs]
to renew his motion for the committee to rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will do
so, when I get through. I now move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stuvexs,] by striking out the
last words of it. I do this for the purpose of
replying to some extent to the speceh which
has been made by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Rtcin]
representing here to some extent the Navy
Department, and thus endeavoring to control
the action of this committee.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburxi:] allow
mo to finish my remarks ?
Mr. WASIIBUKNE, of Illinois. I will, if I
can have as much time as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Rict:] may have.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbukxe] has live minutes'
time.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Then I will
go on. I say that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Rice,] as the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and the organ of
•the Navy Department, attempts to influence our
action in regard to this appropriation bill. 1
dissent from the views he has expressed in re-
gard to the wants of the Navy. Wc have gone
through this war with the navy-yards we had
provided by appropriations heretofore made.
We have had for that purpose a naval marine
of seven hundred vessels, nearly six hundred
of which have now been discharged, and are
out of the service, relieving the existing navy-
yards to that extent. And yet at the very heel
