sim
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
law for that portion of it that was subsequently
ceded to Virginia, southwest of the Potomac.
There were three judges of the District court,
and all resided either in Washington city or
Georgetown. There was no judge resident on
the other side of the Potomac, and when men
had business, either as lawyers or as parties- to
suits, and wanted to get a writ of injunction
or any other restraining order, they had to
come up from Alexandria to Washington city
in order to get the order of the proper-judicial
officer. This friend of.mine informed me that
the movement was made very earnestly at that
time, and with the full sanction of all the peo-
ple of Alexandria ■, and to operate upon the
sentiment of the people of Alexandria in favor
of' the retrocession, some industrious lawyer
or gentleman compiled all the appropriations
of money by the Congress of the United States
to the.different portions of the District. There
had been millions appropriated to that portion
of the District on this side, and on the other
side there was but a solitary appropriation, and
that was to build a jail.
To alleviate this inconvenience in some re-
spect an act of Congress was passed requiring
that one judge of the District court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia should reside in Alexandria;
but before that law was observed so as to in-
duce one of the judges to remove his residence
to that city, or to procure the appointment of
a judge resident in that city, the law was re-
pealed. I have understood from this respected
friend of mine that at various times, two or
three times at least, after the year 1820 and
previous to the year 1846, there was a similar
movement of the people of Alexandria to have
a retrocession of the portion of the District
that had been ceded by Virginia, and never in
connection with secession or with any political
object whatever, but simply to detach that por-
tion of the District from the government of
Congress, and to throw it back to the govern-
ment of Virginia.
I make these statements of facts for the pur-
pose of vindicating this act of retrocession from
every imputation connected with secessionism
or any other form of disloyalty to the Govern-
ment of the United States ; and having done
this much I will take my seat.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the more
I think of the effect of the bill now before us
the more I am persuaded that it will bo at-
tended with mischevious results. It is now
twenty years since that part of the District
was ceded back to Virginia. Virginia accepted
it, and the people of the district ceded acqui-
esced in it. If I can get the attention of the
honorable member from Ohio who has charge
of this bill, perhaps I can persuade him that he
will do more harm than good by passng this
bill.
Before 1846, before this law was passed, the
jurisdiction of the courts of the District ex-
tended over this portion of the ten miles square.
When the retrocession was made in 1846 there
were pending in the Supreme Court of the
United States a variety of cases that had been
carried fey writ of error or appeal from the
court in Alexandria to the Supreme Court.
The act of 1840 made no provision for such
cases. There was nothing in that act which
took from the Supreme Court the jurisdiction
which they antecedently had. But the practi-
cal difficulty was that they could not send their
mandates down after the cases were disposed
of to the United States court in Alexandria from
which they came. It was impossible, therefore,
to decide those eases beneficially, and there they
must remain. Congress, looking to that state of
things, on the f>th of July, 1848, passed another
act authorizing the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted'States, when they should decide the cases
then on appeal before that tribunal from the
county of Alexandria, to transmit the man-
dates to the proper eourt of the State of Vir-
ginia ; and it was not questioned in 1848 that
Congress had authority to make that provision.
The first ease, and the only case so far as I am
advised that is reported, that was sent by the
Supreme Court of the United States to the
court of Virginia under the authority of the
act of Congress of July 5, 1848, was argued
in that eourt, among others, by the late Henry
Winter Davis, of whose capacity it is unneces-
sary to speak- in this presence, and especially
in the presence of the honorable member from
Ohio. I think he held him as high as most
people, and most people held him very high.
He was eminent as a lawyer as well as a poli-
tician, and in my judgment more often wrong
in the latter capacity than he was in the first.
The Virginia coivrt, in doeiding the ease that
came taefore them under the authority of the
act of Jul^ 1848, used these words:
" It is admitted on all hands that Congress had the
constitutional power of retroceaing and Virginia of
accepting the retrocession of territory ceded by the
latter to the former as above mentioned."
Mr. Davis's interest, or rather the interest
of his client, wo.pld have been to deny the
validity of the retrocession act of 1846. The
ease before the court, of Virginia involved that
question, it was a preliminary question to their
decision, and yet, as you see, they state that it
was a concession on the part of all counselors,
as well as judges, that the act of 1846-was con-
stitutional, or, to repeat their language :
" It is admitted on all hands that Congress had the
constitutional power of retroceding and Virginia of
accepting the retrocession of territory coded by the
latter to the former as abovo mentioned."
Mj^ FESSENDEN. What case is that?
Mr, JOHNSON. The decision of the su-
preme court of Virginia upon a case which, at
the time of the retrocession, was before the
Supreme Court of the United States upon a
writ of error from the United States court in
Alexandria, and which they were afterward
directed to send to the supreme court of Vir-
ginia when they should have decided it. From
that day to this the validily of that act never
has been questioned. But the effect of the act
of 1848, if the Senate will recur to that, is to
repeal all the laws by which, as far as the Uni-
ted States were concerned, that portion of the
District was governed under the authority of
the United States. They have no laws there
now except such laws as Virginia, through its
Legislature, has adopted. Then, if you pass
this act and make no other provision, you will
have that part of the District without any laws
at all regulating their courts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have the old laws.
Mr. JOHNSON. The old laws were the laws
of Virginia, but they would not come in force
because they are all repealed, unless we shall
pass a law reviving them. All their convey-
ances, all their contracts that required record-
ing, all their marriages, everything that was
regulated by law before, since the retrocession
of the District have been regulated by the laws
of Virginia; and, if we shall determine that
the act of 1846 was not constitutional, all those
marriage and other contracts which have not
been perfected in the manner pointed out by the
laws m force at the time of the retrocession,
but have been regulated by the laws of Vir-
ginia, will be void.
Another objection was taken and urged yes-
terday with some force, that the act of 1846
was unconstitutional because it -was made to
depend upon the vote of the people of Alex-
andria as well as upon the consent of the Legis-
lature of Virginia. I have but a word to add
on that subject. This is not an act of legisla-
tion at all in that sense. The United States
became the owners of this property as one con-
tracting party. The land originally belonged
to Virginia. The United States had no author-
ity to become the owner of it without the con-
sent of Virginia. It was therefore a contract
as between the United States upon the one
hand, and the State of Virginia upon the other,
by which the United States became the owner
of this property. The United States had no
authority to become the owner of it by force of
legislation. The form of legislation was adopted
because the Congress of the United States can-
not contract in any other form; but although
the form was that of a legislative act, yet, what
was done by virtue of that act, and by virtue
of -the subsequent assent on the part of Vir-
ginia, was neither more nor less than a con-
tract, which either party, with the consent of
the other, had a right to modify at any time.
I suppose that to be very clear.
The honorable member from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] supposes that a case referred to in
one of Selden's Reports, I forget the volume,
bears upon this question. I have not, looked
at that case; I have had- no opportunity of
doing it. I prefer to stand upon the author-
ity of the Supreme Court of the United States.
They have decided cases of this description,
and nobody in that court ever dreamed of deny-
ing the validity of a contract which was entered
into under the circumstances which I am about
to state. In the construction of the many rail-
ways that are now passing through the West
the charters granted by the State to those rail-
ways gave authority to the cities and the towns
and the boroughs through which a road was
to pass to subscribe for stock in the road,
provided a majority of the people of such
towns or cities or boroughs voled in favor of
the subscription. That was done in a variety of
cases. The first ease that came before the Su-
preme Court of the .United State% or the first
that I recollect—-the subsequent eases I argued
—was the case of Aspinwall vs. The Commis-
sioners of the County of Davis, a county in In-
diana, I think. The language of the charter of
that case was:
"Provided, That if a majority of the votes given
shall be in favor of subscription the county board
of said county shall subscribe, and not otherwise."
So that the operation of that charter in that
particular was made to depend upon the ap-
proval or disapproval of the people who were
to be affected by it; and nobody dreamed of
denying that, if the majority of the people de-
cided against a subscription there would be no
authority in the county to subscribe, or if they
decided in favor of a subscription, that it was
not within.the authority of the county to sub-
scribe, and that the subscription would not he
valid. That was done in this instance. A ma-
jority did decide in favor of subscribing, and
a subscription was made and they issued their
bonds. They afterward determined that they
would not pay, first, because some formality
had not been observed, and secondly, because
they had been cheated. The Supreme Court
decided that the issuing of the bonds with the
knowledge of the county, coupled with the fact
that the subscription had been made for the
payment of which the bonds were issued, was
conclusive evidence of the validity of the sub-
scription, because it was conclusive evidence
that a majority of the people had decided that
there should be such a subscription. There '
are twenty cases since going to the same effect.
There are other difficulties in this case, and
I want my friends from West Virginia to con-
sider them, if their minds are not made up.
What is the present Legislature of Virginia?
How was it elected? Elected in part by the
people of this very territory. Where did the
convention meet that determined there should
be elections? Within, the limits of this very
territory. How was the assent to the creation
of West Virginia granted?
Mr. WILLEY. By the Legislature of Vir-
ginia at the city of Wheeling.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well. How was it
chosen ? Were there not members from Alex-
andria?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what I mean. It
is perfectly immaterial where they sat. A por-
tion of that Legislature was chosen by the peo-
ple of Alexandria, and nobody dreamed at that
time that that portion of what originally was
Virginia was not as much Virginia as the por-
tion in which the town of Wheeling was sit-
uated. We have ever since, by act after act
and by judicial action, rccognized the validity
of the act of 1846, by considering what is now-
Virginia as made up in part of the county of
Alexandria. I do not know what the vote was;
I do not know how many members composed
the Legislature of- Virginia at the time the as-
