1866.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3?
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Chap. CLXXIV.—An Act granting Lands, to
the State of Oregon, to aid in the construc-
tion of a military Road from Albany, Ore-
gon, to the eastern Boundary of said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, granted to the State of Oregon, 'to aid in the
construction of a military road from Albany,
Oregon, by way of Canyon City, and the most
feasible pass in Cascade range of mountains, to
the eastern boundary of the State alternate sec-
tions of public lands, designated by odd num-
bers, three sections per mile, to be selected
within six miles of said road: Provided, That
the lands hereby granted shall be exclusively
applied in the construction of said road, and
shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses; and the same shall be applied to no
other purpose whatever: And provided further,
That any and all lands heretofore reserved to
the United States by act of Congress or other
competent authority be, and the same are,
reserved from the operation of this act, except
so far as it may be necessary to locate the route
of said road through the same, in which case
the right of way is granted, subject to the ap-
proval of the President of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said lands hereby granted to said State shall
be disposed of by the Legislature thereof for
the purpose aforesaid, and for no other ; and
the said road shall be and remain a public
highway for the use of the Government of the
United Stales, free from tolls or other charge
upon the transportation of any property, troops,
or mails of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
road shall be constructed with such width, grad-
uation, and bridges, as to permit of its regular
use as a wagon road, and in such other spe-
cial manner as the State of Oregon may pre-
scribe.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
lands hereby granted to said State shall be dis-
posed of only in the following manner, that is
to say: that when ten miles of said road shall
be completed, a quantity of land not exceeding
thirty sections for said road may be sold conter-
minous to said completed portion of said road ;
and when the Governor of said State shall cer-
tify to the Secretary of the Interior that any
ten continuous miles of said road are completed,
then another quantity of land hereby granted,
not to exceed thirty sections, may be sold, con-
terminous to said completed portion of said
road, and so from time to time until said road
is completed,' and if said road is not completed
within five years, no further sales shall be
made, and the land remaining unsold shall
revert to the United States.
Approved, July 5, 1866.
Chap. CLXXY.—An Act to provide for the
Payment of the Sixth, Eighth, and Eleventh
Regiments of Ohio Volunteer militia, of Cin-
cinnati, Bard's Company of Cavalry, and
Paulsen's Battery, during the Time they
were in the Service of the United States, in
18G2.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the officers and men
of the sixth, eighth, and eleventh regiments of
Ohio volunteer militia, and of Captain S. W.
Bard's company of cavalry, and of Captain
August Paulsen's battery, of Cincinnati, or-
dered into the service of the United States at
Cincinnati, Ohio, on the second day of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, not-
withstanding any irregularity in their muster
into the service of the United States, be paid
for the time the officers and men were actually
in the service, respectively, not however to
exceed the period of thirty-one days.
Approved, July 5, 1866.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 22.
Chap. CLXXVI.—An Act mating Appropri-
ations for the Support of the Army for the
year ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Army for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation
of recruits, and compensation to citizen sur-
geons for medical attendance, three hundred
thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, ten millions seven
hundred and twelve thousand and fifty-two
dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, one
million six hundred and fiftj'-one thousand five
hundred aud eleven dollars and fifty cents.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
one hundred and five thousand two hundred
dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, one hundred and ninety-one thousand
seven hundred and sixty-six dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for
clothing not drawn, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For subsistence in kind for regulars and vol-
unteers, five million three hundred and one
thousand six hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For the regular supplies of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of fuel for the
officers, enlisted men, guard, hospitals, store-
houses, and offices; of forage in kind for the
horses, mules, and oxen for the quartermas-
ter's department at the several posts and sta-
tions and with the armies in the field; for the
horses of the several regiments of cavalry, the
batteries of artillery, and such companies of
infantry as may be mounted, and for the au-
thorized number of officers' horses when serv-
ing in the field and at the outposts, including
bedding for the animals; of straw for soldiers'
bedding, and of stationery, including blank
books for the quartermaster's department cer-
tificates for discharged soldiers blank forms
for the pay and quartermaster's departments;
and for the printing of division and department
orders and reports, four millions one hundred
and thirty-four thousand four hundred and
ninety-nine dollars and thirty-three cents.
For the incidental expenses of the quarter-
master's department, consisting of postage on
letters and packages received and sent by offi-
cers of the Army on public service; expenses
of courts-martial, military commissions, and
courts of inquiry, including the additional com-
pensation of judge advocates, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on that service; un-
der the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and two, extra pay to soldiers employed
under the direction of the quartermaster's de-
partment, in the erection of barracks, quarters,
store-houses, and hospitals; in the construction
of roads, and on other constant labor, for pe-
riods of not less than ten days, under the acts
of March second, eighteen hundred and nine-
teen, and August fourth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, including those employed as clerks
at division and department headquarters; ex-
penses of expresses to and from the frontier
posts and armies in the field; of escorts to pay-
masters and other disbursing officers and to
trains where military escorts cannot be fur-
nished ; expenses of the interment of officers
killed in action or who die when on duty in the
field, or at posts on the frontiers, or at other
posts and places when ordered by the Secre-
tary of War, and of non-commissioned officers
and soldiers; authorized office furniture; hire
of laborers in the quartermaster's department,
including the hire of interpreters, spies, and
guides for the Army; compensation of clerks
to officers of the quartermaster's department;
compensation of forage and wagon masters,
authorized by the act of July fifth, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight; for the apprehension
of deserters, and the expenses incident to their
pursuit; and for the following expenditures
required for the several regiments of cavalry,
the batteries of light artillery, and such com-
panies of infantry as maybe mounted, viz: the
purchase of traveling forges, blacksmiths' and
shoeing tools, horses' and mule shoes and nails,
iron and steel for shoeing, hire of veterinary
surgeons, medicines for horses and mules,
picket ropes, and for shoeing the horses of th<j
corps named; also, generally, the proper and
authorized expenses for the movements and
operations of an army not expressly assigned
to any other department, one million dollars.
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery
horses, seven hundred and thirteen thousand
one hundred dollars.
For transportation of officers' baggage, fifty
thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including
the baggage of the troops when moving, either
by land or water; of clothing, camp and gar-
rison equipage, from the depots at Philadel-
phia, Cincinnati, and New York to the sev-
eral posts and Army depots, and from those
depots to the troops in the field ; and of sub-
sistence stores from the places of purchase,
and from the places of delivery under contract,
to such places as the circumstances of the ser-
vice may require them to be sent; of ordnance;
ordnance stores, and small-arms, from found-
eries and armories, to the arsenals, fortifica-
tions, frontier posts, and Army depots; freights,
wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; fo? the purchase
and hire of horses, mules, oxen, and harness,
and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts,
and drays, and of ships aud other sea-going
vessels and boats required for the transporta-
tion of supplies and for ganison purposes ; for
drayage and cartage at the several posts; hire
of teamsters; transportation of funds for the
pay and other disbursing departments; the ex-
pense of sailing public transports on the vari-
ous rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlan-
tic and Pacific; and for procuring water at such
posts as, from their situation, require it to be
brought from a distance; and for clearing
roads, and removing obstructions from roads,
harbors, and rivers, to the extent which may be
required for the actual operations of the troops
in the field, five million dollars.
For hire of commutation quarters for officers
on military duty; hire of quarters for troops ;
of store-houses for the safe-keeping of military
stores; of grounds for summer cantonments;
for the construction of temporary liuts, hos-
pitals, and stables, and for repairing public
buildings at established posts, six hundred
and twenty-four thousand and thirty-eight dol-
lars.
For contingencies of the Army, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital department,
five hundred thousand dollars.
For repairs, improvements, and new ma-
chinery at the national armory, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvements at arsenals,
including new, and additions to present, build-
ings, and machinery, tools, and fixtures, fifty
thousand dollars.
For purchase of site and erection of maga-
zine for storing gunpowder, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For the purchase of land for enlarging the
Watervleit arsenal, thirty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of one hundred and forty-six thousand_ dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to be disbursed by the Sec-
retary of War in the erection of fire-proof build-
ings at or near Schuylkill arsenal m the State
