1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
of the suppression of this rebellion, when I say
we want no further naval force, the Committee
on Appropriations come in here and ask appro-
priations to the amount of millions upon mil-
lions for new works as well as for carrying on
works already commenced. And now, sir, this
committee has gone through with this bill item
by item; and we have, in many cases with the
assent of the Committee on Appropriations,
Struck out appropriations amounting to between
three and four million dollars.
Sir, I protest in the name of the American
people against these outrageous and extrava-
gant appropriations of the people's money with-
out a direct and pressing demand by the public
interest. Sir, in the cases of the navy-yard at
Charlestown, and the navy-yard at New York,
what are the reasons which have been brought
forward for the construction of these new
works? Where are the reasons upon the record,
in view of the public interest, that require us
to vote away all these vast sums, all of which
we must borrow ?
The gentleman tries to appeal to the fears of
this House. He tells us what Prance and Eng-
land may do. Sir, I scorn to be controlled by
such considerations. I agree with my colleague
that we have to-day a Navy sufficient to meet
the combined fleets of the world. I think we
should not be called upon now to tax our con-
stituents still further when they are ground
down in the dust by the present taxation, when
we are almost upon the eve of a financial panic,
unless the strongest reasons shall be given for
the appropriations. I do' not think, sir, that
the gentleman will be successful in his endeavor
to imbue this House with the fear that Prance
and England may whiten our seas with their
men-of-war, and that we will not be able to meet
all comers in the future as in the past.
I can understand very well, Mr. Chairman,
how agreeable it is to parties interested to have
these vast appropriations, how convenient it is
for persons connected with those yards to have
the disbursement of these monstrous sums of
money, while our constituents foot the bills.
As a Representative representing a frugal and
patriotic people I protest against any further
expenditures unless they are justified by the
most pressing public necessity.
I agree with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] that this is no time to rebuild
these navy-yards at Norfolk and at Pensacola.
The ruins of those navy-yards destroyed by the
rebels are almost smoking to-day; and if the
present state of things goes on, you cannot tell,
sir, how long it will be before they will again be
seized and destroyed by rebels. I am willing
to appropriate the money that may be neces-
sary to protect the public property at Noifolk
and Pensacola, but 1 am unwilling to go further.
Hereafter if the States that have been engaged
in the rebellion shall come back into the Union,
if they shall prove themselves loyal and true to
the Constitution and flag, then it may be well
to consider in the light of the public interest
whether it would be best to rebuild these yards.
But at the present time I am opposed to these
appropriations inaugurating the policy of re-
establishing them.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to remind the House that during
this discussion I have sat silent for a greater
portion of the time. I have done so, not be-
cause I was uninterested in the work which the
committee have been doing yesterday and. to-
day, but because I desired to see how far it
would proceed in the way of defining a policy
forthe administration of the Navy, and whether
in the progress of the discussion anything j
amounting to a system of naval administration |
should be developed. I have found nothing of j
that kind; and it is for that reason, and because '
this branch of the public seiviee has seemed
to be regarded as of small importance to us,
either in our domestic or in foreign relations,
that I wished to say what I have already said
and what 1 shall add.
Now, sir, gentlemen argue the question of
impropriations for thes'. navy-yards on the
theory that they are State institutions, and
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 48.
as if it were true that in making an appropria-
tion to a naval station at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, or Boston, or New York, or Phil-
adelphia, or Norfolk, or Pensacola, we were
making appropriation to the respective States
or local communities where they are located.
Why, sir, these appropriations are no more
made tor those local communities than are the
appropriations that are made to build forts for
the national defense at points where our coast
is vulnerable.
There is no .argument wiatever that has been
made in favor of withholding appropriations for
these navy-yards that will not apply with equal
force to withholding appropriations from Uni-
ted States arsenals and forts within the rebel
lines. Are gentlemen prepared to say that this
Government has not power enough to protect
itself and its property in its navy-yards and in
its forts and arsenals? If that be so, then the
time has come indeed when it would not be wise
to make appropriations for our naval stations.
But our ships are not upon one odfean only
or one part of the seas; they are scattered where
ever our commerce goes. Where our commerce
goes there our ships must be. It is contrary to
all economical theories and all economical facts
that your ships shall be brought from all parts
of the world to one point for repairs.
As to the particular appropriation for the
navy-yard at Pensacola, it is not to build a navy-
yard. It is to keep in condition what we have
now there, for the purpose of repairing vessels
attached to the Gulf and West India squadrons,
and such other vessels as are in the waters ad-
jacent thereto.
Let me say the argument in favor of bringing
these vessels to New York and other places
has lost all force since you have stricken out the
appropriations ne.ccssary to keep those yards
in an efficient condition. Let me tell you that
if we have been able to sustain the Navy dur-
ing the war it is partly because we have had all
the private yards in the country to assist .us.
Without them the navy-yards would have been
insufficient to sustain the Navy. Do gentlemen
want to estimate the comparative cost of re-
pairing ships and engines in public and in some
private establishments? Let them look at the
bills recently investigated and returned to the
Navy Department, and they will be abundantly
satisfied.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIIvB. I wish to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
ilr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. PiKE. I renew it. Mr. Chairman, I do
not wish the committee to be disturbed by the
eloquent remarks of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs on the unpreparedness
of our Navy to meet the armed Powers of Eu-
rope. The House will recollect that last year,
during the discussion which occupied some two
or three days in reference to the management
of the Navy Department during the war, the
question then to be determined was whether or
not the large expenditures of money made under
that Department had been properly made, and
whether or not we had brought our Navy to
that condition of preparedness, not only for the
suppression of the rebellion, but for that great
foreign war which we all then anticipated. My
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rice,] the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
then demonstrated to the satisfaction of the
House that in that great naval battle, when
should be arrayed on one side all the power
which centuries of effort have culminated m the
navy of Great Britain, and on the other, the
Navy of the United States, we would be in no
danger; that in that great battle, the flag of
the United States, now happily the flag of one
common country, would float in triumph over
a beaten and submissive foe.
I agreed with him then. And the same force
that was to achieve such brilliant results then
we have now. The Monadnock and the Iron-
sides, the Dictator and the Puritan, with their
invulnerable associates, could now achieve the
results we then predicted for them. For aggres-
sive as well as for defensive purposes uur Navy
may still be relied updn. The" expenditures of
the Department have been well made, and not-
withstanding the alarms of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, 1 have entire'coniidencethatinany
conflict that may arise the country will have
no occasion -to regret the confidence it places
in our naval heroes.
Now, in regard to this navy-yard at Pensa^
cola. We are told that it is simply for rfephirs.
The repairs done at that yard are done at an
expensive rate. If it be proposed to appro-
priate only for temporary repairs the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois will answer.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, for the purpose
of closing debate, that the committee rise.
_Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for a single moment,
that I may say a word in reply to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. STEVENS. I must insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and "the Speaker hav- 
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine reported
that the Committee of the "Whole "on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration
the Union generally, and particulai'ly the bill
(H. R. No. 122) making appropriations for the
naval scrvice for the year ending 30tli June",
1867, had comc to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when theffouse
again resolves itself into the Committee of the
Whole on tlie state of the Union" on this bill
all debate upon the pending section shall ter
minate in half a minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Imovethatth'eHouseagain
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the naval appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into tlic Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Bi-aine in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, the bill (II. 11. No.
122) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th June, 1SC7.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the House had
ordered all debate on the pending section to
closc in half a minute.
The question being taken on the amendment
to strike out lines two hundred and nineteen
and twenty-two and insert in lieu thereof, "for
the preservation of the property of the United
Slates at the Pensacola navy-yard, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, $20,000 it was
agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend by striking
out in lines two hundred and thirly-nine and two
hundred and forty the item " §10,500" and in-
serting " S 11,000."
Mr. STEVENS. The question is not open
to debate.
Mr. ROGERS. ' I did not understand the
motion as cutting off debate on the whole bill
—only on that section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Speaker of the
House inquired of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] what his motion was,
and he answered that it was on that section;
and there being but one section in the bill the
Chair rules that all debate is cut off.
Mr. STEVENS. It was on the section, and
there is but one section in the bill.
Mr. ROGERS. Then I move to reconsider
that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not competent.
Mr. ROGERS. Then I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Rocseks] press his
amendment?
Mr. ROGERS. Not if I am not allowed to
speak.
The reading of the bill having been con-
cluded,
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the motion.
