1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l-8tf
tions whether the members or the committee
who have signed this .minority report have
been in attendance so as to have heard the tes-
timony given both for the contestant and the
sitting member?
Mr. MARSHALL. Let me say to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, that the witnesses in
election cases are not brought before the com-
mittee at all.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The testimony is
taken in writing, I know, but have those mem-
bers who signed the minority report been pres-
ent for consultation a^, the meetings of the
committee?
Mr. THAYER. I object to that question
on a point of order, and I do not think that is
a proper inquiry.
.Mr. DAWES. T was going to say to the
gentleman from Vermont, that [ cannot answer
such a question. I do not wish to give any
indication in regard to the action of the com-
mittee of the gentlemen who signed the minor-
ity report. I will make no statement about
that. I think I may say, however, that the
committee were supriscd at the accuracy with
which the minority were able to reproduce the
language including the errors in the arithmeti-
cal computations ot' the argument before the
committee of the sitting member. [Laughter.]
Mr. M AJISIIALL. I did not hear the wit
of my friend that provoked that laugh. Bat
I would like to make one remark, and that
is, so far as my conncction with the minority
report is concerned, 1 can state what my means
of information were. The gentleman seems to
intimate that the minority had no information,
and ma-de up their report without knowing what
they were doing. I can only state, without say-
ing anything that occurred before the commit-
tee, that all the evidence that was before the
committee is before every member of this
House, who can look into the record, and see
whether the facts stated by the minority of the
committee are correctly stated or not.
Mr. DAWES, i was calling attention to the
fact that, while the sitting member had excluded,
by the inexorable rule of law, testimony offered
by the contestant, which was most important in
its character, if true, in regard to the fraudu-
lent character of this vole, excluded it because
it was an affidavit, yet unknown to the com-
mittee he has got together some affidavits and
circulated them privately among members of
this House. And then when he had the last
word he has had those affidavits read at the
Clerk's desk. Now, 1 submit it to the judg-
ment of the House, not to that of the sitting
member, to say whether or not that was fair
and right.
I want to show what has been the effect of
all that on the part of the sitting member. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gakfielii] proposes
that the House recommit this case to the Com-
mittee of Elections. Sir, it ought to be recom-
mitted to the committee if one of two things
has happened: if the committee have not deal t
fairly with the sitting member, or if he has not
had a full and fair opportunity to be heard.
Now, I do not intend to say anything more in
regard to whether the committee have dealt
fairly with him.
But 1 wish to state a few things to enable
the House to decide whether the sitting mem-
ber has had or not a full and fair opportunity
to be heard, and I make the statement in the
hearing of all the members of the Committee
of Elections. The committee commenced this
hearing early in January last. If was a long
time before they could get the sitting member
to a he;iring> and when the committee began
the hearing it was without any testimony at
all on behalf of the sitting member. To their
inquiry where his testimony was he gave this
response: "i propose to submit this case to
the committee first upon the testimony pro-
duced and filed by the contestant and referred
to the committee. Then it you find a case
against me, I will introduce new testimony
and ask you to hear that."
The reply of the committee to that was, that
that was not the way to try a case; that he must
put in hia testimony, which was then in the
Capitol and within his control, but not referred
to the committee; that ho must have that
referred with the rest, and the whole case must
be tried together. Now, I ask the House
whether that was fair or not, I ask the gentle-
man front Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] because he
is the mover of this resolution to have the case
again tried by the committee. I askh-im as a
gentleman of great experience whether it was
fair for us to say to the sitting member, "We
will not try this case one side at a time ; put in
your testimony along with that of the contest-
ant, and when you say you are ready we will
try the whole case?'' Thereupon he did put in
his testimony and it was printed in one of these
books of evidence. '
Then when we again came to a hearing of
the case the sitting member made a new prop-
osition, that we should try the case upon these
two books, and then if the committee found
that the contestant had the right to the scat, the
sitting member would ask time to take more
testimony. The reply of the committee to him
was, " That is not the way to try a case ; make
up your mind whether you will go to trial on
this record or not; if you arc ready to go to
trial upon this record the committee arc ready
to hear you ; if you ar  not ready then say so."
I ask the House to decide whether that was
fair or not. The sitting member took a day to
decide whether he would go to trial upon this
testimony; at the next hearing lie came in and
•said he was ready. And then it was that the
committee spent weeks in hearing him and the
contestant. And the sitting member gave us
notice that it would be May before we got
through Avith this case.
Now, what comes from circulating these pri-
vate allidauts here? Why, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] after seeing these pri-
vate affidavits, and hearing (lie declarations of
the sitting member in regard to them, comes in
here and offers a resolution to recommit this
case to the committee, and thus enable the sit-
ting member to attain the very end lie seeks.
What was that resolution ?
" h'csnhml. That the testimony taken ns to Hon.
.Tames Brooks he recommitted to Jim UonimKtoo ot'
I'll action-', with inf-tmetinns to repoi t especial ly the
facts as to the custom, under the laws of New York,
of appointing inspectors ot the registry ot elections
not tjom the particulm election .di,stiic!s in which
tlinv ro«ido; also, the facts respecting the verification
by Brooks of the votes for Brooks in the fifteenth dis-
trict, with power to send tor persons and papeip, and
power to rcmstitute judicial reexamination in said
district."
That Mr. Brooks do so and so; not oven that
the contestant lie allowed an opportunity to
reply to that testimony.
J t is, proper for mc to say that such is the hon-
esty o'f the gentleman from Ohio that he never
can be caught in any man's trap, and when it
was pointed out to him that common justice
required that the contestant should also have
an opportunity to take testimony, lie imme-
diately modified the resolution which the affi-
davits had prompted him to offer, and put it in
such a shape as to provide that both parties
should take testimony. 1 only submitted the
original form of the resolution to show that the
affidavits had tended in a certain degree to pro-
duce exactly the effect which the sitting mem-
ber contemplated when he gave us notice in
February that lie would make us try this case
over again on new testimony.
Mr. "BROOKS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield any farther.
Mr. BROOKS. "What the gentleman says
is net. true.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts declines to yield further, and must
proceed without interruption.
Mr. I)A WES. When it has been shown that
the law required the board of registry to be
residents and voters of the district; that the
requirement of the law was not complied with
m this difttriot; that the registrars gave every
opportunity to cheat, and that, cheating was
earned on extensively, the gentleman from
Ohio proposes that the case shall be sent back
to the committee, so that they may report I
whether in a great many other districts flftj
same facts did not exist,'as if that'-would be
any answer. When the committee have de:-
cided that the board of registry in that district
was illegally constituted, and that a door vras:
opened to fraud, the gentleman asks that we
shall bo.directed to report the custom'in th«
State of New York in reference to that matter.
The custom in New York, I believe, istocheai
on all sides, though I do not know positively
how that may be.
Mr. MARSHALL. I trust that I shall be
allowed an opportunity to correct the statement
which the gentleman has made in reference to
what occurred before the committee. I shall
not follow him in that statement unless by the
permission of the House, as I know that the
rules forbid it. The gentleman has not stated
fairly all, the facts in regard to the manner in
which this matter came before the committee.
If the House would grant its permission I would
give another version of the facts, which, I think,
the gentleman would not deny, and which, I
believe, would present the matter move fairly
to the House. !
The SPEAKER. If tlie gentleman from
Massachusetts yields the floor, the gentleman
from Illinois can proceed with his explanation,
unless some gentleman raises a point of order.
■ Mr. DAWES. The point at issue relates to
a matter which transpired in the committee
when the gentleman from Illinois was not
present.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman seems
to make an insinuation that I did not attend
the sittings of the committcc as regularly as I
should have done. 1 will state, for the satis- '
faction of the gentleman and the House, that I
was not able always to be present. But 1 cer-
'tainly am able to read, and 1 think to under-
stand, the evidence in this case. 1 would like
to state the facts as they actually occurred, but
1 do not propose to make that statement except
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it has been repeatedly decided that it is not in
order to allude on the floor to anything that
has taken placc in committee, bceause com-
mittees must report their action to the House
in a formal manner. But if no gentleman
raises the point of order, the Chair will not
arrest the gentleman from Illinois in any state-
ment he may make.
Mr. MARSHALL. I prefer not to proceed
without the consent of the House.
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman from Illi-
nois asks unanimous consent to state what
transpired in the committee-room. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. MARSHALL. It appears by the printed
evidence that the time for taking the testimony
was nearly all occupied by the contestant, and
when the time closed the sitting member had
not had an opportunity to conclude his evi-
dence. The contestant, although appealed to,
refused to consent to an extension of time.
The subject, if I am not mistaken, first cams
up before the committee on a motion to dis-
miss the case, for the reason that there was no
sufficient notice and that there were no specifi-
cations according to the forms of law. That
was the question which was discussed before
the committee for some days. Then the sit-
ting member did appeal to the committee that
time should be given to him to go back and take
the evidence which ho had proposed to take
before. That privilege was refused him. I do
not say that the committee acted improperly
in refusing that permission, but I think it fail-
that, the ilouse should know that the sitting
member has made every endeavor to have this
evidence taken. He has tried every means in
his power to obtain an opportunity to take this
testimony, both by appealing to the contestant
and to the committee.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a few mo-
ments.
.Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
from New York for five minutes.
Mr. RAYMOND. I did not wish to inter-
