1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
rupt the argument of the chairman of the com-
mittee, for what I have to say has no bearing
on what he is discussing. Without entering
into a canvass of the merits of the case—I am
ashamed to say I have not possessed myself
with a knowledge of all the testimony in the
case—I desire simply to refer to one aspect of
the argument of the sitting member, particu-
larly as I heard him yesterday and to-day; I
mean that portion of his argument which may
be called argumentum ad invidiam, relating
personally to the contestant, to his standing, to
his wealth, and to various matters which, ac-
cording to the allegation of the sitting member,
have been connected with this contest. I list-
ened with a good deal of surprise, sir, to the
gentleman's remarks upon the wealth of the
contestant, to his rehearsal of the amount of
his income, the net income upon which he pays
tax, the aggregate income upon which he does
not pay tax, the amount, ppr annum, per diem,
andper horam, and so much for each moment he
drew his breath. What could be the use of
such enumeration as that unless to appeal to
the prejudices of the House against his wealth?
That, I take the liberty to say, is an unfair
appeal, and one with which this case has noth-
ing to do.
I venture to say there is not a man in New
York, or in the United States, or on the face
of the earth, who knows the contestant in this
case, who will for one moment pretend or sus-
pect his possession of large wealth is to be
weighed against him in this or any other scale.
It has all been acquired honorably, justly,
fairly, without wronging any man. After ac-
- quiring wealth in this way it is to his honor and
something to be said rather in his praise than
against him that he still has it. And some-
thing still more to his praise and honor should
be the fact that he has expended it as liberally
and nobly and honorably as he has acquired it.
There is not a man familiar with the chari-
ties of New York, or the charities outside of
Now York, which seek that city as the field
of operation for the recruital of their resources,
who does not know the contestant in this case
is the first man to whom they all go and the
man from whom they come with the largest
contributions.
I do not think it was more just to reproach
the contestant with the companionship attrib-
uted to him in the terrible sentence of Cicero's
invective which he applies to the associates of
Catiline, that the murderers, thieves, scoun-
drels, and rascals were all to be found, as the
gentleman has with some freedom interpreted
the passage, in the parlors of the contestant.
Well, sir, I perhaps stretch the matter a little
too far, but I do not see how I can avoid the
conclusion that the intention was to carry the
impression that these men were in the parlors
of the contestant for the same purpose and with
the same motives which brought the compan-
ions of Catiline into his presence. I do him
no injustice when I say he knows better than
that. lie knows no man ever stood in the
presence of the contestant venturing to make
any proposition dishonorable in any :®ay. The
sitting member will agree with me they were
there for the purpose of being consulted as
witnesses, and not as participants in any crime.
I rose simply to protest against personal in-
justice done to the contestant in this case, and
I do not wish to enter into any further discus-
sion of the matter.
Mr. DAWES. In the heat of what I have
been saying I am conscious of having said
something personal to the sitting member which
I shall always regret. I ask permission of the
gentleman to withdraw all such remarks.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman promised
to call the attention of the committee to the
fact that the July riots were in the fifteenth
district, and to show the testimony therefor.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I did promise
to make an answer. I ask the gentleman to
read the report. The report does not say that
the July riots were in the district, but it says,
''this district had a bad reputation in connec-
tion with the July riots." I-think the gentle-
man knows what reputation is. I submit such
was the statement in presence of the commit-
tee without contradiction. They went from this
district to the July riots, and those men made
this reputation.
Mr. BROOKS. Was that in the proof?
Mr. DAWES. No, it was not; but reputa-
tion is proof without taking depositions. Itis
what people say of him.
Mr. BROOKS. They never said it. Itwas
never said except by Mr. Dodge.
Mr. DAWES. It was said over and over
again in the committee-room. That is my
recollection. *
Mr. BROOKS. Another correction. The
gentleman said that in the third district the
canvasser was drunk, is there any proof ol
that?
Mr. DAWES. There are two answers to
that. That is a district in which the committee
are unanimous that the allegation was not sus-
tained by the proofs, and therefore it does not
make any difference whether it was so or not.
The evidence is that the man drank liquor so
many times that he- could not tell how many,
and fell asleep.
Mr. BROOKS. Is that in the proof?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot spend time on these
matters. That is the second thing; now, what
is the third?
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman promised
to make all these corrections. He said that
Brady was a self-constituted clerk.
Mr. DAWES. I explained what I meant
by that when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
MinsHiuj was on the floor. I meant that
he was a clerk who was put in the place of
his brother, without appointment, because his
brother said he wanted to make employment
for him. He did his work and took the pay as
clerk in his brother's name. I call that self-
appointment. I am not a lexicographer.
Here is the testimony of the man who drank
the liquor:
" Question. Did you take any liquor there?
" Answer. I might have taken liquor in the house
that day.
" Question. Don't you remember that you took
liquor there?
' Answer. I did not take very much liquor the same
day.
" Question. Don't you recollect you .took liquor
there ?
" Answer. I did.
" Question. How many glasses did you take ?
" Ans-wer. I donit recollect.
" Question. Did you take ten ?
" Answer. No, sir.
_ " Question. Did Mr. Fitz Simmons give you this
liquor?
' Answer. I can't recollect whether Mr. Fitz Sim-
mons or his bar-keeper.
" Question. Either Mr. Fitz Simmons or his bar-
keeper gave it to you ?
"Answer. Very like,sir.
" Question Did he give it to others beside you?
" Answer. Yes.
" Question. Many others, or few?
"Answer. I don't think there wore many."
Mr. BROOKS. Is there any proof that he
was drunk?
Mr. DAWES. He drank a good deal of
liquor and got asleep. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have spent consider-
able time on this collateral matter. I hope the
Globe reporters will strike out of my remarks
everything that is personal to the sitting mem-
ber, that I may never have it to think of after
this case is over.
I was dwelling upon the singular request
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gab-
field,] first that we should take this case back
and go into evidence whether others were in
the habit of cheating in the same way, and
second, as his resolution was modified, that
both parties take further testimony about the
fifteenth district, and finally, as was modified
by the adoption of the resolution now pending,
thus:
Resolved, That tho invalidity of the register of the
fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward of the city
of New York would not of itself justify the rejection
of the official leturus of the canvassers of that dis-
trict.
Resolved, That this case be recommitted to the
Committee of Elections to report upon supplement-
ary proof to be made as provided in the next res-
olution.
Resolved, That either party be authorized to take
supplementary testimony respecting the election in
the fifteenth district of tho eighteenth ward only, be-
fore the 10th day of May next, complying with the
statutory regulations, applicable to the case: Pro-
vided, That five days' notice of any proposed exam
ination of witnesses shall be sufficient.
Now, I want to inquire why the gentleman
applies this proposition to the fifteenth district
of the eighteenth ward. If he had read the
report he would have found that there are two
other districts in which the committee said that
the allegations were notsustained, because they
were in doubt as to the testimony in regard to
those districts. Whj^did the gentleman not
think it of just as much importance to take
testimony in regard to those districts as in
regard to this one?
Mr. GARFIELD. This is the only one
which decides the case.
Mr. DAWES. That only shows, as I stated
before, that the testimony was so voluminous
that my friend could not read it, and so he
trusted to tho minority report for his facts.
Wc reported on four districts", two of which we
sustain and two of which we do not, because
there is doubt in the testimony.
There is one thing more to which I will ad-
vert. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] says he is prompted to do this because
we make this admission:
"The committee are, however, of the opinion that
it was competent for either contestant or sitting mem-
ber to prove the casting of legal votes at this poll,
even without a register."
Now, that is precisely what we in the report
declared was a proper thing for them to do.
They did not do it, but afterward the sitting
member asked to have further time for that
purpose. In that respect the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] follows
the very course which the sitting member
desired.
And now I wish to call attention to the fact
that when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] adopted the resolution, offered by my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Paine,] con-
fining the taking of this testimony to the 10th
day of May, the sitting member sprang to his
feet and sought to extend the time beyond tho
10th day of May. Let him not be concerned.
If the resolution is adopted, and this is recom-
mitted to the committee, he will not be required
to be here on the 10th day of May; he will not
be required to be here this session of Congress
at all. It is not possible. There are four elec-
tion cases behind yet to be heard. The testi-
mony cannot be kept until after the 10th of
May and produced here until tho close of the
session. It will be January before he would
get to the hearing of the ease, and then he can
take ten days as well at the next session as at
this, and it will be the last two weeks of this
Congress before the report will be made. And
does the gentleman suppose that in the last two
weeks we can spend four more days arguing
this case?
That is the practical result of the proposition
to submit it again to this committee, and that,
too, after every opportunity has been afforded
that any contestant or sitting member has had
in thirty years to bring his case before the com-
mittee. There is not on record a case where
a party has had a hearing of ten days and has
afterward come into the House and said he
wanted more time to take testimony.
But my friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has
another mode of disposing of this case. Why did
not my friend on my right come right out man-
fully and say we had better confirm the sitting
member in his seat than strike this side blow at
the report of the committee by recommitting the
report, the effect of which can be nothing else
than to confirm him in his seat. The practical
operation of it, I submit, is nothing else than
to do so. But, my friend over the way [Mr.
Spalding] says that, the method pursued by
the committee is not justifiable to set aside the
vote of a precinct which is proved to be illegal
and fraudulent, and which he agrees with the
committee is so, because we have no right so
to override the will of the people in a precinct;
and if we may do it in one precinct w.e may do
