338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of Pennsylvania, to bo used as store-houses for
Government property at that post.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for the support
of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands for the fiscal year commen-
cing July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
namely:
The salaries of assistant and sub-assistant
commissioners, one hundred and forty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, eighty-two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For stationery and printing, sixty-three thou-
sand dollars.
For quarters and fuel, fifteen thousand nine
hundred dollars.
For clothing for distribution, one million one
hundred and seventy thousand dollars.
For commissary stores, three million one hun-
dred and six thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For medical department, five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation, one million three hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars.
Forschool superintendents, twenty-one thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs and rent of sehool-liouses and
asylums, five hundred thousand dollars.
For telegraphing, eighteen thousand dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
quartermaster's department shall in all cases
in obtaining supplies for the military service,
state in advertisements for bids for contracts,
that a preference shall be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal, and that
such preference shall be given to articles of
American production and manufacture, pro-
duced on the Pacific coast, to the extent of the
consumption required by the public service
there; and in advertising for Army supplies
the quartermaster's department shall require
all articles which are to be used in the States
and Territories of the Pacific coast to be deliv-
ered and inspected at points designated in those
States and Territories; and the advertisements
for such supplies shall be published in newspa-
pers of the cities of San Francisco, in Califor-
nia. and Portland, in Oregon.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion seventeen of an act entitled ''An act to
define the pay and emoluments of certain offi-
cers of the Army," approved July seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and a resolu-
tion entitled "A resolution to authorize the
President to assign the command of troops in
the same field or department, to officers of the
same grade without regard to seniority," ap-
proved April fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed. And no officer in the military or naval
service shall, in time of peace, be dismissed
from service except upon and in pursuance of
the sentence of a court-martial to that effect, or
in commutation thereof.
Sec. P>. And be it further enacted, That the
Superintendent of the United States Military
Academy may hereafter be selected, and the
officers on duty at that institution detailed from
any arm of the service; and the supervision
ami charge of the Academy shall be in the "War
Department under such officer or officers as
the Secretary of War may assign to that duty.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That when
it is necessary to employ soldiers as artificers
or laborers in the construction of permanent
military works, public roads, or other constant
labor of not less than ten days' duration in any
case, .they shall receive, in addition to their
regular pay, the following additional compen-
sation therefor: enlisted men, working as artifi-
cers, and non-commissioned officers employed
as overseers of such work, not exceeding one
overseer for every twenty men, thirty-five cents
per day, and enlisted men employed as laborers
twenty cents per day; but such working par-
ties shall only be authorized on the written or-
der of a commanding officer. This allowance
of extra pay is not to apply to the troops of the
engineer and ordnance departments.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
allowance now made by law to officers travel-
ing under orders where transportation is not
furnished in kind shall be increased to ten cents
per mile.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXVII.—An Act relating to Pilots
and Pilot Regulations.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative.': of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no regulations or
provisions shall be adopted by any State of the
United States of America which shall make
any discrimination in the rate of pilotage or
half pilotage between vessels sailing between
the ports of one State and vessels sailing be-
tween the ports of different States, or any dis-
crimination against vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, or against national vessels
of the United States, and all existing regula-
tions or provisions making any such discrimina-
tion, as herein mentioned, are hereby annulled
and abrogated.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXVIII.—An Act to amend "An
Act making a Grant of Lands to the State of
Minnesota to aid in the Construction of the
Railroad from St. Paul to Lake Superior,"
approved May fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section one of the
act entitled "An act making a grant of lands
to the State of Minnesota to aid in the' con-
struction of the railroad from Saint Paul to
Lake Superior," approved May fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, be amended by adding
thereto the following : Provided further, That
in case it shall appear, when the line of the
Lake Superior and Mississippi railroad is defi-
nitely located, that the quantity ofland intended
to be granted by the said act in aid of the con-
struction of the said road shall be deficient by
reason of the line thereof running near the
boundary line of the said State of Minnesota,
the said company shall be entitled to take from
other public lands of the United States within
thirty miles of the west line of said road such
an amount of lands as shall make up such de-
ficiency : Provided, That the same shall be
taken in alternate odd sections as provided for
in said act.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXIX.—An Act to extend to cer-
tain Persons the Privilege of Admission, in
certain Cases, to the United States Govern-
ment Asylum for the Insane.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That civilians employed in
the service of the United States, in the quar-
termaster's department and the subsistence de-
partment of the Army, who may be, or may
hereafter become, insane while in such employ-
ment, shall be admitted on the order of the
Secretary of War, the same as persons belong-
ing to the Army and Navy, to the benefits of the
asylum for the insane in the District of Colum-
bia, as now provided by law in reference to
soldiers and sailors in the Army and Navy.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
following classes of persons, under the follow-
ing circumstances, shall be entitled to admis-
sion to said asylum on the order of the Secre-
tary of War, if in the Army, or the Secretary
of the Navy, if in the Navy, to wit:
First. Men who, while in the service of the
United States, in the Army or Navy, have been
admitted to said asylum, and have been there-
after discharged therefrom on the supposition
that they had recovered their reason, and have,
within three years after such discharge, become
again insane from causes existing at the time
of such discharge, and have no adequate means
of support.
Second. Indigent insane persons, who have
been in the same service and been discharged
therefrom on account of disability arising from
such insanity.
Third. Indigent insane persons, who have
become insane within three years after discharge
from such service from causes which arose dur-
ing and were produced by said service.
Approved, July 13,I860.
Ciiap. CLXXX.—-An Act to provide for mak-
ing the Town of Whitehall, New York, a
Port of Delivery.
Beitenacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the town of Wliite-
hallj in the State of New York, which by ex-
isting law is a port through which imported
merchandise may be exported in bond and for
drawback to the adjacent British North Amer-
ican Provinces, be, and the same is hereby,
constituted a port of delivery within the col-
lection district of Champlain, and that a dep-
uty collector, as now authorized by law, shall
there reside, who shall receive the same com-
pensation as is now paid to the deputy collector
now stationed at that port.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXXI.—An Act to extend the Ben-
efits of Section Four of an Act making Ap-
propriations for the Support of the Army
for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, approved March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section four of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,"
be so construed as to entitle to the three months'
pay proper, provided for therein, all officers of
volunteers below the rank of brigadier general,
who were in service on the third day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and whose res-
ignations were presented and accepted, or who
were mustered out at their own request, or
otherwise honorably discharged from the ser-
vice after the ninth day of April, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five.
Approved, July 13,1866.
Chap. CLXXX1I.—An Act granting Aid in
the Construction of a Railroad and Telegraph
Line from the Town of Folsom to the Town
of Placerville, in the State of California.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right of way
through the public lands bo, and the same is
hereby, granted to the Placerville and Sacra-
mento Valley Railroad Company, a corporation
existing under the laws of the State of Califor-
nia, and designated by the Legislature thereof,
to construct the road hereinafter named, and
to its successors and assigns, for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
town of Folsom to the town of Placerville, in
said State; and therightis herebygivento said
corporation to take from the public lands ad-
jacent to the line of said road, material for the
construction thereof; said right of way is granted
to said railroad to the extent of one hundred
feet in width on each side of said road where
it may pass over the public lands; also, all
necessary ground for station buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations.
