754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. _ I desire to
offer two additional sections to this bill. I will
--state in advance that they call for no appro-
priations in money whatever, while they will
enable the accounting officers of the Treasury
in one ease to settle their books properly, and
in the other case to equalize the distribution of
bounties for the destruction of enemies' vessels
which have been already passed by Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. This proceeds by unan-
imous consent of the Committee of the Whole,
because amendments are not debatable.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I offer to
amend by adding the following as a new sec-
tion:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much of
the first section of the act making appropriations for
the naval service, approved May 21,1864, as appropri-
ates 1250,000 for bounties for the destruction of ene-
mies' vessels, as per act of July XT, 1862, be amended
so that said appropriations shall be applied to all cases
of destruction of enemies' vessels during the recent
rebellion, and at the same rate as is provided for in
 the act to which reference is mado.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
make a point of order. I hope the gentleman
will not press it here.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope the
gentleman will not object. This is merely ex-
planatory of an appropriation that has already
been made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order, as it only regulates
an appropriation previously made.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Is debate in
order on this ?
The CHAfRMAN. No, sir; the proposition
was received by unanimous consent.
The motion to add the foregoing scction was
agreed to.
Mr. lilCE, of Massachusetts. I offer the
following as another amendment:
Sec. And he it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of settling tho accounts of disbursing officcis
of the Navy, prior to the passage of the act making
appropriations for the fiscal years 1863 and 1864, the
Sccretai y ol the Treasury bo, and he is hereby, author-
ised to transfer from the appropriation for pay of the
Navy to the appropriation lor contingencies, the sum
of $265,404 12.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That cer-
tainly cannot be in order under any rule that
ever existed on tho face of the earth.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. That relates
to appropriations that 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is in the
nature of a private claim.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man from Illinois is mistaken. It is not an
appropriation of one dollar. The object of the
section is to save an appropriation of $'245,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. And the
Chair will rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have an amendment
to offer to come in at the end of line twenty-
seven on page 2.
Mr. STEVENS. You cannot go back to
offer amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not competent for
the committee to go back to any portion of the
bill that has been passed. xVn amendment in
the form of an additional section to the bill
would be in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I offer it as an
additional section to the bill.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
No portion of the amount herein appropriated shall
be paid in violation of the act entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office, and for other purposes."
approved J uly 2,1862.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaise reported
that the^Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
special order, being House hill No. 122, making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1867, and had directed.Mmto
report the same to the House with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to inquire whether
if this bill is now postponed till to-morrow, it
will come up before any other business after
the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. If the House passes from
its consideration now, it will go upon the Speak-
er's table and can only be reached by a motion
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. STEVENS. As the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] desires to go on
with the bankrupt bill to-day, I move fhat the
further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow immediately after the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES addressed the Chair.
persona!, explanations.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to make# personal explanation.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield for that purpose.
No objection was made.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, the mem-
ber from Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau,] who used
unparliamentary language in reference to my-
self is, I observe, in his seat, and I embrace
the first opportunity since the publication of
his speech to show him what my animns toward
him was in the remark I made, and "that I had
no desire to do him injustice or to impugn his
honor." Here is his own language in the Globe.
It presents the question of fact, and I read it:
" If you intend to arrest white people on the ex
parte statements of negroes, and hold them to suit
your convenience for trial, and fine and imprison
them, then 1 say that I oppo-o you ; and il'yon should
so airest and punish me, I would kill you when you
set me at liberty."
Here is the person to whom the member re-
ferred. I read from his an^ver to a question
put by the chairman of the select committee:
" I ret"r to Colonel McOaleb, as one of themen con-
nected with the Freed men's Bureau m Kentucky, and
he is the man whom 1 told that if he undertook to
arrest me and my family as others had been arrested
and puni&hed I would kill him."
I gi\ e the member the full benefit of an ex-
planation of his declaration that he would kill
a white officer acting under oath and in the dis-
charge of his duty, if that is a less unworthy act
than to shoot an American citizen of African
descent. That may not have been degrading to
liis State, and whether it was, as I said, lan-
guage unbecoming an American officer is a ques-
tion which 1 shall refer to the gallant soldiers of
the State of Iowa who never fought, thank God!
but upon one side, and whether it was language
unbecoming an American officer I might refer
to the code of the first of American generals,
and to the greatest of American captains, the
Lieutenant General of the United States.
I have nothing more to add, only to repeat
that my animus toward the member was the
kindest. I criticised barbarous laws and his lan-
guage from a sense of duty, and I have given his
own language in justice to him, although he first
used the unparliamentary language toward me,
which, as 1 repeat, I regarded as no offense.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I ask the gentleman to
read his own language in reference to what I
said.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have it here, and I will
read it:
" This discussion is not plainly promotive of the most
commendable temper. The honorable gentleman from
Kentucky ,Mr. Kocssf.auJ declared on Saturday, as
L caught ins language, that if howere arrested on the
complaint of a negro and brought before one of the
agents of this bureau, when he became free he would
shoot liim. Is that civilization? It is the spirit of
barbarism that has too long dwelt in our land, the
spirit of the infernal regions that brought on the re-
bellion and this war."
I further said, in reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr! Smith:]
"I occupied the Speaker's chair when tho gentle-
man's colleague was speaking, arid I heard the words;
but the gentleman lias seen lit, like other gentlemen,
to withhold his speech for revision, and I cannot,
therefore, refer to it. I have no desire to do him the
least injustice or impugn his honor."
Mr. ROUSSEAU. It was to that language
that I objected when I rose to a personal expla-
nation the day before yesterday. This House
will see at a glance the difference between a
gentleman saying that he will protect his wife
and children against outrage, of which 1 ivas
speaking when I alluded to that matter, and
saying that he would kill a person who should
attempt to arrest him on the ex parte statement
of a negro.
And when I got up here the other day, an d
said in my place that I used no such language,
I meant just what I said, and in that regard the
speech, as published, has been changed in no
line,word, or letter, from whatitwasas reported
by the reporters of the Globe who took it down.
The gentleman can have his own ideas as to
what he would do if his wife and children were
arrested in the evening, as was tho case to which
I was speaking, and ordered to be held by the
agent of the Freedmen's Bureau until the morn-
ing to be tried, at his convenience. The gen-
tleman can have his own notions ; I have mine.
And I say here that a man who would allow
such outrage.s to be committed as I indicated
the other day, would do what I would not do.
Gentlemen undertook to correct me the other
day when I said these things were done while
the bureau was under the orders of General
Fisk. The agent was in charge of the bureau
there under the orders of General Fisk. Be
that as it may, if any gentleman would allow
his wife and children to be arrested and taken
from him without law, and led away between
two bayonets in the bauds of negroes, and im-
prisoned during the night to be tried at the
convenience of the agent of the Freedmen's
Bureau, he is at perfect liberty to do so ; but I
would not submit to it. I would resist it, and
if bloodshed came of it, let it come. I hold
that the freedom and liberty I claim to enjoy is
worthless if my lamily and myself are to be
taken away from my home under these circum-
stances.
This explanation, however, is a very small
matter, and I do not wish to have these per-
sonal explanations taking up the time of the
House in this way. I believe there is not a man
upon this floor who would not indorse the sen-
timents I have uttered, that under any circum-
stances he would stand by his wife and chil-
dren. And if the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Grixxell] chooses to tell the House here to-day
that he does not indorse that sentiment, then
let him do so ; I shall not envy his position.
He may attempt a fling at Kentucky by talking
about lighting on both sides of this question.
Kentucky does not care what he may say: and
I must say I do not care one cent about any-
thing he may say. But I will tell him one thing,
that whether on the Union or on the rebel side,
he cannot, point to a Kentucky man who ever
turned his back upon danger, or who has ever
dishonored or degraded himself by deserting
or failing to defend the cause he espoused.
And when that gentleman got up hero the
other day and said that I had degraded my
State when I said I would defend my wife and
children as well as myself front these outrages,
he uttered what I then pronounced to be a slan-
der, and what I now repeat to have been a slan-
der. If I know myself, I know that 1 could do
no act that would degrade cither my friends,
my family, or myself. And the language he
then used' was unnecessary and uncalled for; it
was discourteous and unkind, and against the
rules of this House, as I understand them. And
I did not know what else to do than to get up
in my place here and pronounce it false and a
vile slander upon me ; and that I did. And I
think he should have done the same toward
me, if I had assailed him in like manner. And
what I accord to other men, I must and will
claim for myself.
I regret that it is necessary to make these
explanations. The language I did utter the
other day, however, justilied me in what I said
here. If the gentleman had properly quoted
my remarks I should have said nothing; but
that he did not do. If there is a reporter here
who will say that I have not given tho true ver-
sion of my remarks, that what is published is
not just precisely what I uttered on this floor,
then I will admit that I am wrong.
