1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
it in two, and may thus unseat any member.
I believe I state it correctly.
And that is the line of the argument of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fabnsworth.]
It was an argument that evinced that he under-
stood thoroughly the case. It was exactly in
the line that I had heard before so long in the
committee, that no one who had heard it the
first time could doubt but what it was an able
and thorough argument, made from a complete
understanding of the case.
But I want to call his attention to the fact
that his conversion in the case surpasses that
of Saul of Tarsus. For let us remember that
in the last few moments of the debate in the
Voorhees case my friend begged a few minutes
of my time in order to make a speech, and he
made haste to say that he disagreed with the
committee because they did not go far enough.
Because the committee set aside a poll and then
gave the parties an opportunity to prove the
votes, he said that that, in his opinion, was
not law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move the gentleman's
time be extended.
Mr. DAWES. I want five or ten minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the gentle-
man have ten minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I only want to call attention
to the speech of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Fabnsworth,] where, on the last day of
the Voorhees case, he undertook to call the
committee to account because they not only
set aside the poll for the same reason that they
set aside the poll in this case, .but they also
gave an opportunity to prove the votes which
were legally given; which, he said, we ought
not to have done. Yet yesterday my friend
made haste to say, when the committee had
done in this ease exactly what he said they
should have do.ne in the other case, that it was
not a principle by which he could stand.
Mr. FARNSWORTIi. Will the gentleman
allow me to point out the difference between
the two cases?
Mr. DAWES. I understand the difference
fully.
Now, my friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
has a more singular way of doing things than
that. He says it is an unsafe proceeding to
establish the precedent of setting aside a whole
poll, because there was illegal and fraudulent
vote's east in the district; for that would be
putting the power in our hands to unseat any
member. Well, and what is his remedy for
that? He proposes to set aside all the polls.
He says it would be most unprecedented,
most unjust, most wicked to set aside this poll,
although in his speech he agrees with the com-
mittee that it was fraudulent and illegal, and
therefore void. But he says it gives us the
power to unseat a member by setting aside just
as many polls as we please, and then he pro-
poses as his remedy that we set aside all the
polls.
Now, it is our duty to do something else; it is
our duty to say, and to say now, which of these
two men was elected, unless we Believe in one
of two things. We must believe, if we refuse
to decide which of those two men was elected,
either that the committee are fools, and can-
not reproduce the conclusions which lie in the
testimony, or that they are knaves and refuse
to do so, one or the other. I ask nothing in
behalf of the committee. I only ask this House
not by any side blow to set aside the report of
the committee; not to recommit the case to
the committee for the purpose of taking more
testimony, which will end in leaving the sitting
member here, for reasons I have already stated,
unless they think the committee have not treated
him fairly, and have not given him every oppor-
tunity to try his case as it ought to have been
tried. ,
I have no doubt the committee will, as well
as they may, cheerfully perform any duty which
is devolved upon them by the House. But 1
confess to a lack of strength, and some feeling
of discouragement, if all the labor which they
have performed in this case is to be set aside
and considered as naught. I believe it has
been the honest endeavor of the committee to
sift this case fully; and having done so, with
all their knowledge of other cases and the
principles therein involved, there has been left
upon their minds a clearer conviction than ever
rested upon them in other cases, that the hon-
est return left the majority of the votes in favor
of Mr. Dodge. And that is the reason why
they have reported a resolution that the con-
testant should have this seat.
Mr. BROOKS. So far as I am concerned,
I hope the reporters of the Globe will make
no alteration or retraction of the remarks of
the able gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawks.] By those remarks he lias done me
all the damage he could before the House; he
couid do no more if they should be published.
I trust, therefore, he will not change them.
The question was upon the following amend-
ment of Mr. Garfield to the amendment of
Mr. Marshall:
Revolved, That the invalidity of the register of the
fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward of the city
of Now York would not of itself justify the rejection
of the official returns of the canvassers of that disti ict.
Resolved, That this case be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Elections to report upon supplementary
proof to be made as provided in the next resolution.
Resolved, That either party bo authorized to take
supplementary testimony respecting the election in
the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward only,
before the 10th day of May next, complying with the
statutory regulations applicable to the case: Pro-
vided, That five days'notieo of any proposed exam-
ination of witnesses shall be sufficient.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was .decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 80, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bergen, Boyer, Coffroth,
Cullom, Dawson, Defrees, Denison, Uldridge, Farns-
worth, Finck,Garfield,Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding,
Harris Ilognn, Edwin N. Iiubbell, James R. Hubbell,
James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jonckcs, Kasson,
Latham, LeBlond, Loan,Marshall,McIndoe.Niblack,
Nicholson. Noell, Paine, Pike, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, William H. Randall, Rittcr, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,
Strouso, Tabor, Taylor. Thornton, Trimble, Robert
T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Wasiiburne, Whaley, Win-
field, and Wright—53.
HAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Baldwin, Banks, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Bonjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, I^outwell,
Broomall.Buckland, Bundy, Reader W.Clarke, Cook,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dnggs, Eckley, Iiggle-
ston, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Urmnell, Halo, Abner C.
Harding.Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, llill.Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jaines Hum-
phrey, Kellcv, Kelso, Ketcham, Laflin, Georgo V.
Lawrencc, William Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, Mc-
Clurg. McKeo, McRuer, Morcur, Moorhead, Morrill,
Myers. O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Plants,
Price, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Rcofield, Shellabarger, Stevens, Stilwell,
Thayer, JohnL. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Acrnam,Burt Van Horn,IIenryD. Washburn, Wclker.
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson. Wmdom, and
Woodbridge—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Aneona, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Barker, Bjame,
Blow, Brandegec, Bromwell, Brooks. Chanler. Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Culver, Delano, Doming,
Donnelly, Dumont, Goodyear, Grider, Griswold,
Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard John II. Hubbard. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kerr, Iiuykendall, Marston, Marvin, McCullough,
Miller, Morris, Moulton, Newell, Phelps, Pomeroy,
John II.Rice, Sloan, Starr, Francis Thomas, Ward.
Warner, William B. Washburn, Wentworth, and
Williams—50.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NIBLACK said: My colleagues, Mr.
Kerr and Mr. Julian, are paired upon this
and all other questions until further notice.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, said: I am paiied on
this question with my colleague, Mr. Blaine.
If he was here he would vote for the sitting
member, and 1 should vote against liini.
Mr. DAWES said: My colleague, Mr. Wash-
burn, is paired with Mr. Johnson.
Mr. HOTCHKISS said: My colleague, Mr.
Morris, is paired with Mr. Chanler.
The result was announced as above stated.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Marshall, to strike out all after
the word "resolved," in the resolution of the
committee, and insert the following:
That William E. Dodge is not entitled to a seat in
the House as a Representative in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress from the eighth district in New York.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 78, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bergen, Boyer,
Coffroth, Cullom, Davis, Dawson, Dcfrees, Denison,
Eldridgfi, Farnsworth, Finpk, Glossbrcnner, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Higby, Hogan, Edwin N.
Iiubbell, Jaines M. Humphrey. Ingersoll, Jonckcs,
Kasson, Latham, Le Blond, Loan. Marshall, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell. Paine, Pike, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Bitter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, St rouse, Tabcr, Tay-
lor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble. Robert T. Van
Horn, Eliliu B. Washburne, Whaley, Winfield, and
NAYS — Messrs. Alloy, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham. Boutwell, Broonmll, Buekland, Bundy, Header
"W". Clarke, Cook, Darlinsr, Dawes, Dixon, Driggs,
Kekley, Egrsrleston, Eliot, Farauhar, Ferry, Grinnoll,
Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, 111}},
Hotchkisf, Asahel ~\Y. Hubbard, Jaines lv. Iiubbell,
Hulburd, James Humphrey, ICelley, lvelso, Ketcham,
Laflin, Georgo V. Lawrence, "William Lawrence,
Longyear, Lynch, MeClurg, Mclndoe,McKee, Mc-
Ruer, Mcrcur, Moorhead, Myers,O'NciJl, Oith, Pat-
terson, Perham, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Rollins, Saw- **
yer, Schenck, Seoiield, Shellabarger, Stevens, Stil-
well, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Acrnam. Burt Van
Horn, Henry 1). "Washburn, "Welker, Wentworth,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, "VYindom, and
Woodbridffe—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Blaine, Blow, Brandegce,
Bromwell, Brooks*, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Culver, Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Goodyear, Grider. Griswold, Holmes, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas llubbard, John M.
Hubbard, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Kuyken-
dall, Marston, Marvin, McCullough, Miller, Morrill,
Moms, Moulton, Newell, Phelps, John IT. luce,
Sloan, Starr, Francis Thomas, John L. lhomas,
Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn, and Wil-
liams—50.
So the amendment of Mr. Marshall was
rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. TRIMBLE said: _ My colleague, Mr.
Guider, has paired on this question with Mr.
Ames.
Mr. GARFIELD. Believing that the com-
mittee have not furnished us with sufficient
evidence to enable us to decide this case satis-
factorily, I decline to vote.
The result was announced as above stated.
The question recuired on the following^res-
olutions reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions :
Reiolved, That Hon. James Brooks is not enti-
tled to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the eighth district in
New Y ork.
Resolved, That William E. Dodpto is entitled to a
seat, in this House as a Representative m the thirty-
Ninth Congrcssfrom the eighth districtm Now \ ork.
Mr. CONKLING. Arc those resolutions
divisible?
The SPEAKER. They are divisible upon
the demand of any member.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for a division. I
desire a separate vote on these resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The vote will be taken
separately. The question is now upon the first
resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 8J, nays 4G, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Bank« Baxter. Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, bmg-
ham, Boutwell, Broomall. Buekland, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Conklmg, Cook, CuUom, Darling, Dawes,
Dcfrees, Dixon, Driggs Eeklev. Lgglcston. Lliot, J ar-
ouhar. Ferry, Gnnnell, Abner C. Harding, Halt,
Haves, H enderson, Higby, Hill, Hotcbkiss, AsahelW.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell Hulburd, James Jluin-
phrey, Intrersoll, Kelley, RcUo, Ketcham, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston, MeClurg, Mclndoe. McKee Mc-
Ruer, Mcrcur, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, U Aeiii,
Orth, Patterson, Perham, Plants. Pomeroy. Price,
Eavmond, Alexander II. Rice, Rollms, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spoldmc, Stevens,
Stilwell, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Cpson, van
