1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2779
young to work. Especially they will not want
those who are disabled by disease. Do you
not see that all this multitude of non-producers
must be a dead weight upon the Government?
What will the Commissioner do with them?
Where will he put them? You have freed them
and their old owners do not want them. Where
shall they go? What shall they do? There
will be cases where the necessities of labor
will compel land-owners to permit disabled
parents to remain and to be fed upon their
farms while the working season lasts in order
to secure the services of the able-bodied sons.
But those cases will be exceptional, and we
have no right to take them into our consider-
ation.
With lands assigned to the bureau where
homes may be allotted to the freedmen and
reasonable rents received from them, with rights
secured to them to purchase upon fair terms,
the able-bodied freedmen will take care of all
their sick and their disabled, and will put into
the Treasury of the Government enough to de-
fray all the charges of this bureau. And now,
if it be said by any one who claims that this is
the white man's country, or by anybody else,
that such a policy as this would disturb labor
and prevent the plantations from being worked
because freedmen would prefer their own home-
steads to anybody's farm, the answeris obvious.
This cannot be so if wages are offered which
fairly pay for the work to be done. There is
not a man upon the floor of this House that
does not see in his own every-day experience
this absurd argument refuted. If the freedman
can pay his rent and keep his family together,
old and young, and clear for himself twenty
dollars a month, he will not willingly work for
another man for eight or ten. Why should he ?
But give him the worth of his labor, and he
will go quickly enough, and the women and the
old men who cannot get wages will work his
little laud and stay at home. This is the law
of labor. We all have the services of men
who live at theirliomes when not at work: and
so, as a general fact, has every northern house-
holder. And those men employed all over the
North are among the men who send us here
and keep their eye upon us while we are here.
Does any one know this fact better than the
President knows it? '
Now, sir, the same law of labor will hold
good at the South as prevails at the North.
The trouble is, that where for generations la-
bor has been forced; where the minimum
amount of food and clothing, without other
pay, has been made to produce the maximum
amount of work, those who employ labor are
not willing to pay the fair value of labor. But
when on the cotton plantation the land-owner
is prepared to pay for skilled la|>or what it
is fairly worth to the man who does the work,
he will find willing hands to cultivateliis staples.
Butthereis anotherconsideration which neither
President nor Congress will feel disposed to
disregard. " A fair clay's pay for a fair day's
work,'' is the golden rule of labor. In South
Carolina there were at the last census of white
population 291,388, and of colored population
412,320, of whom only 9,914 were free. There
were in that State 10,217,700 acres of land, of
which only 4,072,051 acres were improved.
That land was owned by the white men. Here
and there exceptional cases occurred ; whether
according to law or against the provisions of
law I do not stop to inquire. But it is said that
some men of African descent did own both
land and slaves. But the rule was otherwise.
The white men owned the land; the black men
gave it its value.
But now a new condition of things is cre-
ated by our own act. Every man is made free.
There is no longer ownership of labor. Every
fair man admits that these four hundred thou-
sand freedmen, declared free first by military
order aud then by sacred enactment, must be
for a season protected by the Government
which released them from bondage. Would
our duty be discharged; would the President
who has felt through his whole life the oppress-
ive power of southern capital; would he be-
lieve that we had discharged our duty if we say
to the Commissioner of this bureau we will not
give you any lands to work with; but take care
of these freedmen ; see that the gulf which sep-
arates servitude from freedom is .bridged over
somewhat, and aid their unaccustomed steps
until they stand firmly upon that land of prom-
ise which we have opened to them? Find
employment for them all, and see to it they
have fair play ; but especially see to it that the
Government incurs no needless cost. Would
that do ? Where could .you find employment at
fair wages, and how could your Commissioner
secure it to them? If you compel them to work
upon the old plantations, under the old owners,
in the old homes, giving them no hope in life
and no choice of labor but to work there or to
expatriate themselves and seek homes in other
States, do you not see that the price of wages
must be at the discretion of the owner of the
land ? If you compel the freedman to work
there, what wages they will give he must take, or
you must support him, or he must starve. But
give to your Commissioner the power to pro-
cure lands for them; the freedmen will pay fair
rent and will from their labor defray the ex-
penses of your bureau, and will thankfull)' pay
full price for the lands which you may sell
them. And when such opportunities are given
them you will yourselves make that golden rule
of labor operative, and a fair day's pay for a
fair day's work will be secured. My friends,
is not this very plain? And I say to you now,
and I would that every voting man in all your
districts could hear what I say, that whatever
else you may do you cannot '* enforce" that
great amendment by any legislation more "ap-
propriate'' than this.
But you see at once, Mr. Speaker, that the
present law, passed before the people of the
loyal States by their Legislatures ratified the
amendment which you offered to them, is
wholly insufficient in this respect. The lands
provided for them by that law have passed sub-
stantially, excepting the Sherman lands which
I will speak of presently, into the hands of
their former owners. And your committee
believed that upon a fair statement of existing
facts you would not hold them guiltless if they
did not propose some plan that would—with-
out one dollar of cost to the Government, as
we believe—in some small measure make real
to these freedmen the liberty you have vouch-
safed to them. We owe something to these
freedmen, and this bill rightly administered,
invaluable as it will be, will not balance the
account. We have done nothing to them, as
a race, but injury. They, as a people, have
done nothing to us but good. The friends of
slavery say we Christianized the African, and
therefore we gave him blessing and not a curse.
We enslaved him. That is what we did. If
the African has become Christian in America
he may thank God, not us. So Booth murdered
our President. His fatal ball opened the avenue
through which the spirit passed, and Lincoln
stood before his God. The assassin lifted him
•from earth to heaven and so conferred a bless-
ing. But he remained an assassin none the less.
Wo reduced the fathers to slavery, and the
sons have periled life to keep us free. That
is the way history will state the case. Now,
then, we have struck off their chains. Shall
we not help them to find homes ? They have
not had homes yet. We have not lot them
know the meaning of the sacred name of home.
Why, sir, our humblest man, if God has
given him strength enough of mind and body
to make him accountable, may find some will-
ing wife and lowly home. If he is a true man
; he will find there a heaven upon earth. No
I monarch upon his throne is more secure in the
| enjoyment of his rights than he. The invisible
I guardianship of law surrounds and keeps him
! safe. What he has is his own. His wife is
his, and when he enters under the low roof at,
night, the day's work done, the sweet voices
that call him father are the voices of his own.
He may be poor and friendless outside of home,
but he is rich there, and no mortal man in the
Republic is strong enough to do him wrong
with safety, for the law is mightier than the
sfrongest man. But these men whom you
have freed have been slaves. Their father8
were torn away by felon hands from ancestral
homes in their native land—heathen homes,
perhaps, but I suppose God was there never-
theless—and within the borders of the rebel
States no homes since then have been permit-
ted to them or to their children. Slavery can-
not know a home. Where the wife is the prop-
erty of the husband's master, and may be used
at will; where children are bred, like stock,
for sale; where man and woman, after twenty
years of faithful service from the time when the
priest with the owner's sanction by mock cere-
monies pretended to unite them, are parted
and sold at that owner's will, there can be no
such thing as home. Sir, no act of ours can
fitly enforce their freedom that does not con-
template for them the security of home.
But let it be borne in mind that it is not
intended by this bill to give freedmen homea
at the cost of the Government. They will hire
and pay full rent or they will buy and pay full
price. But when a condition of things exists
such as is now found in the late rebel States,
where, as a race, the colored man could own
no lands because held in slavery, and where
because of his declared freedom the vindictive
hatred of the old owners fastens itself upon
him and would exclude him still from owner-
ship of land, there does arise this necessity
that we who have made them free should enable
him from the fruits of his own industry and with
his own means to procure for himself a home.
And that is all that this bill proposes to do.
Every man may now avail himself of the home-
stead law. That will secure him eighty or one
hundred and sixty acres for a nominal sum of
money. This bill withdraws one million out
of fifty million acres of public lands in the
five States, namely, Florida, ^Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, and Arkansas, and permits
the freedmen to lease in lots of forty acres
each and purchase at an agreed valuation. Let
me read the fifth section of the bill:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
pose of rendering this bureau self;sustaininpr, and in
the place of lands heretofore assigned Io freedmen
and thereafterwards withdrawn from the control of
the bureau, the President shall reserve from sale or
settlement under the homestead or preemption laws,
and asMgn for theuse of freedmen and loyal refugees-
male or female, unoccupied public lands in Florida.
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas, not
exceeding in all one million acres of good laud. And
the Commissioner shall cause the same, under the
direction of the President, to be allotted and assigned
from time to time, in parcels not exceeding forty
acres each, to the loyal refugees and treedinen, who
shall be protected in the use and enjoyment thereof
for such term of time and at such annual rent as may
bo agreed upon between the Commissioner and such
refugees or'frcedmen. The rental shall bo based
upon a valuation of the land, to be aseertaiued in
such manner as the Commissioner may, under the
direction of the President, by regulation prescribe.
At the ond of each term, or sooner, if the Commis-
sioner assent thereto, the occupants of any parcels so
assigned, their heirs and assigns, may purchase the
land and receive a title thereto from the United
States in fee, upon payment therefor ot the value of
the land ascertained as aforesaid.
There is no gift here. The freedmen pay
for everything. And the lands assigned are
public lands, which we have given to States and
for schools and railroads and other uses which
were national in their character. Millions of
acres have been unwisely given away; "but
these lands, not given away, but sold for a
price, will confer upon freedmen the inestima-
ble blessings of hearth-stone and home-
Tlie sixth section of the bill, as now reported,
will not. I trust, be opposed in any quarter.
;i Let me read it:
!i Sec. 6. And be it further enartcrf, That whenever
ii the foimer owners of lands occupied under General
][ Sherman's field order, dated at Savannah. January
!! 16,18i55, shall apply for ie&toralion of said lands, tho
M Commissioner snail procuro other lands by rent or
ii purchase, fiot exceeding forty acres for each occu-
pant: Provided, That such lands can be procured at
an average cost not exceeding twenty-five dollars
per acre, and before such restoration if made, shall
allot and assisrn tfcem to su<;h occupants upon tho
terms and conditions named in the preceding section,
or set apart for them, out of the public lands assigned
for that purpose, forty acres each, upon the same
terms and conditions: Provided, lhat no sale shall
be made of lands so purchased at a price loss than
the cost thereof to tho United states.
