1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That there
be, and is hereby, granted to the Placerville
and Sacramento Valley Railroad Company, its
successors and assigns, for the purpose of aid-
ing in the construction of said railroad and
telegraph line, and to secure the safe and
speedy transportation of the mails, troops,
munitions of war, and public stores over the
route of said line of railway, every alternate
section of public land, not containing gold
or silver, designated by odd numbers, to the
amount of ten alternate sections per mile, on
each side of said railroad line, as said com-
pany may adopt, whenever, on the line thereof,
the United States have full title, not reserved,
sold, granted, or otherwise appropriated, and
free from preemption or other claims or rights
at the time the line of said road is definitely
fixed, and a plat thereof filed in the office of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office:
Provided, That the word "mineral," when it
occurs in this act, shall not be held to include
iron or coal.
Sec. C. Andbeit further enacted, That when-
ever said Placerville and Sacramento Valley
Railroad' Company shall have ten consecu-
tive miles of any portion of said railroad and
telegraph line ready for the service contem-
plated, the President of the United States shall
appoint three commissioners to examine the
same, and if it shall appear that ten miles of
said railroad and telegraph line'have been
completed in a good and substantial manner,
and in all respects as required by this act, the
commissioners shall so report to the President
of the United States, and patents of lands, as
aforesaid, shall be issued to said company,
confirming to said company the right and title
to said lands, situated opposite to and conter-
minous with said completed section of said
road, unless said lands are covered by the
exceptions of this act. And from time to
time, whenever ten additional miles shall have
been constructed, completed, and in readiness,
as aforesaid, and verified by the commission-
ers to the President of the United States, then
patents shall be issued to said company, con-
veying the additional sections of land, as afore-
said ; and so on as fast as every ten miles of
said road is completed, as aforesaid: Provided,
That said commissioners named iu this section
shall-be paid, by the company, ten dollars per
day for the time actually employed, and ten
cents per mile for the distance actually and
necessarily traveled each way.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That said
Placerville and Sacramento Valley railroad
shall be constructed m a substantial and work-
manlike manner, with all the necessary drains,
culverts, bridges, viaducts, crossings, turnouts,
stations, and watering-places, and all other
appurtenances, including furniture and rolling
stock, equal in all respects to railroads of the
first class, when prepared for business, with
rails of the best quality, manufactured from
American iron, and a uniform gauge shall be
established the entire length of the road. And
there shall be constructed a telegraph line of
the most substantial and approved description,
to be operated on the entire route : Provided,
That said company shall not charge higher
rates to the Government, its officers or agents,
than they do to individuals for telegraphic ser-
vice, and that the said railroad shall be and
remain a public highway for the use of the
Government of the United States free of all
toll or other charge upon the transportation of
any property or troops of the United States, and
the same shall be transported over said road at
the cost, charge, and expense of the corporation
or company owning or operating the same when
required by the United States to do so.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States shall causc such
lands to be surveyed for twenty miles in width
on both sides of the entire line of said road,
after the general route shall be fixed, and as
fast as may be required by the construction of
said railroad; and the odd sections of land
hereby granted shall not be-liable to sale, or
entry, or preemption, before or after they are
surveyed, except by said company, as provided
in this act; but the provisions of the act of
September, eighteen hundred and forty-one,
granting preemption rights, and the acts amend-
atory thereof and of the act entitled "An act
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," approved May twenty, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, shall be, and the
same are hereby, extended to all other lands
on the line of said road when surveyed, except-
ing those hereby granted to said company; and
the sections and parts of sections of land which
by the aforesaid grant shall remain in the Uni-
ted States within ten miles on each side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the
minimum price of public lands when sold.
Sec. 6. Andbeit farther enacted, That each
and every grant, right, and privilege herein are
so made and given to and accepted by said
Placerville and Sacramento Valley Railroad
Company, upon and subject to the following
conditions, namely: that the said company
shall commence the work on said road within
one year from the approval of this act by the
President, and shall complete the wbole road
by the fourth day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
United States make the several conditioned
grants herein, and that the said Placerville
and Sacramento Valley Railroad Company ac-
cept the same, upon the further condition that
if the said company make any breach of the
conditions hereof, and allow the same to con-
tinue for upwards of one year, then in such
case, the title to the public lands herein re-
served for the construction of said road shall
revert to the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all
people of the United States shall have the right
to subscribe to the stock of the said Placerville
and Sacramento Valley Railroad Company until
the whole capital is taken up, by complying
with the terms of subscription.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
acceptance of (he terms, conditions, and im-
positions of this act by the said Placerville and
Sacramento Valley Railroad Company shall be
signified in writing, under the corporate seal
of the said company, duly executed, pursuant
to the direction of its board of directors first
had and obtained, which acceptance shall be
made within one year after the passage of this
act, and not afterwards, and shall be depos-
ited with the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
said company is authorized to accept to its
own use any grant, donation, or loan, power,
franchise, aid, or assistance which may be
granted to or conferred upon said company
by the Congress of the United States, by the
Legislature of any State, county, or municipal
corporation, or by any corporation, person or
persons, and said corporation is authorized to
hold and enjoy any such grant, donation, loan,
or power, franchise, aid, or assistance, to its
own use, for the purpose aforesaid.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
unless the said Placerville and Sacramento
Valley Railroad Company shall obtain bona
fide subscription to the stock of said company
to the amount of four hundred thousand dol-
lars, with five per centum paid within one year
after the passage and approval of this act, it
shall be null and void.
Sec. 12. Andbeit further enacted, That Con-
gress may at any time, having due regard for
the rights of said Placerville and Sacramento
Valley Railroad Company, add to, alter, amend,
or repeal this act.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That all
lots in villages, towns, and cities shall be ex-
empted from, and not subject to, the opera-
tions of this act.
Approved, duly 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXXIII.—An Act relating to Lands
granted to the State of Minnesota to aid in
constructing Railroads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever it shall ap-
pear that the United States have sold or dis-
posed of any lands granted to the Territory or
State of Minnesota for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of railroads, after the defi-
nite location of the line of road, and before
the withdrawal of said lands from sale at the
proper local land office, said State may by its
agent select, in lieu of the lands so sold or dis-
posed of, from any of the lands of the United
States subject to sale, being odd-numbered sec-
tions, within twenty miles of the line of the
proper road, a quantity of land equal to that
so sold or disposed of: and the lands so selected
shall be substituted for %3se so sold or disposed
of by the United States, and may be disposed
of by said State in all respects as if said sub-
stituted lands had been parcel of the original
grant to the State: Provided, however, That
nothing herein contained shall be so construed
as to diminish the quantity of land granted by
act of May fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
construction of a railroad from St. Paul to Lake
Superior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
time named in the act granting lands to the
Territory of Minnesota to aid in the construc-
tion of a certain railroad, "from Saint Paul
and from Saint Anthony, by the way of Min-
neapolis, to a convenient point of junction west
of the Mississippi river, to the southern bound-
ary of the Territory," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for the con-
struction and completion of said road, is hereby
extended for seven years from the passage ol'
this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all
the lands heretofore granted to the Territory
and State of Minnesota to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads, shall be certified to said State
by the Secretary of the Interior, from time to
time, whenever any of said roads shall be defi-
nitely located, and shall be disposed of by said
State in the manner and upon the conditions
provided in the particular act granting the same,
as modified by the provisions of this act: Pro-
vided, That a\hcn the original quantity granted
to aid iu the construction of any road has been
increased, the quantity authorized to be sold
from time to time shall be increased^ corre-
spondingly: And provided further, That on
the completion of any ten miles of road, the
State may sell one half the quantity of lands
which said State is authorized to dispose of on
the completion of twenty miles.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
lands granted by any act of Congress to the
State of Minnesota, to aid in the construction
of railroads in said State, specifically, lying in
place, on any division of ten miles of road, shall
not be disposed of until the road shall be com-
pleted through and conterminous with_ the
same: Provided, however, That this provision
shall not extend to any lands authorized to be
taken to make up deficiencies.
Sec. 5. And be it far!her enacted, That so
much of any act as conflicts with the provisions
of this act is hereby repealed.
Approved, July 18, 1866.
Chap. CLXXXIV.—An Act to reduce internal
Taxation and to amend an Act entitled "An
Act to provide internal Revenue to support
the Government, to pay Interest on the pub-
lic Debt, and for other purposes," approved
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, and Acts amendatory thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America^ irn
Congress assembled, That on and after the^ first
day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-
