1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Welker, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodbridge—8-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bergen, Boyer,
Coffroth, Davis, Dawson. Denison, Eklridge, Farns-
worth.Finck, Glossbrenner, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Harris, Hog.an, Edwin N. Ilubbell, James M. Hum-
phrey, Jcnekes, Latham, Lo Blond, Loan, Marshall,
Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Paine, Pike, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreavcs,
Smith, Strouse, Tabcr, Taylor, Thayer, Thornton,
Trimble, R.T. VanlTorn.EiihuB.Washburne, Henry
D.Washburn, Whaley, "Winfield, and Wright—46.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee,
Bromwell. Brooks, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Culver, Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Dumont, Gar-
field, Goodyear, Grider, Griswold, Holmes, Hooper,
ChesterD.Hubbard, DemasHubbard, John H.Hub-
bard, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Kuyken-
dall, Marvin, McCulIough, Miller, Morris, Moulfon,
Newell, Phelps, William H.Randall. John H. Rice,
jlltter.Ross, Rousseau, Sloan. Starr, Francis Thomas,
Ward. Warner, William B. Washburn, Wcntworth,
and Williams—53.
So the first resolution was adopted.
The question then recurred on the second
resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That William E. Dodge is entitled to a
scat in this House as a Representative in the Thirty-
Ninih Congress from the eighth district in New York.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 52, not voting
* 59 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Boutwoll, Broomall, Buckland, Bandy, Reader
W. Claike, Cook, Darling, Dawes, Driggs, Eekley,
Egslc^ton, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Gnnncll, Abner
C. Hardin"1, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, llofchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd. James Humphrey,
Kclley,Kelso,Keicham, Laflm.George V. Lawrcnce,
William Lawrence, Longyear, MeClurg, Mclndoe,
McKee, MoRuer, Mercur, Moorhead, Moulton, My-
. ers, O'Neill, Patterson. Perham, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Seoficld, Shella-
baigcr, Sicvens, Stihvell, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Acmam, Burt Van Horn, Heme D. Washburn, Wei-
kei, Wentworth, James F. W ikon, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wmdom, and Woodbridge—72.
NAYS —Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bergen. Boyer,
Br.umwell, Cofiioth, Culiom, Davis, Defrees, Denton,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fnick, Glossbrcnner, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Harris, lligby, Hogan, Edwin N.
Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Latham, LeBlond, Maishall. Marston, Nibiack, Nich-
olson, Noell. Ortb, Paine. Pike, Radfoul, Samuel J.
Randall, Ritter, Rogers. Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Smith. Spalding, Slvousc, Taber, Taylor, Thayer,
Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B.
Wa-diburne, Whaley, Winfield, and Wright—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R,
Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Blame, Blow, Brandegee,
Brook?, Chanler, Sidney Ciaike, Cobb, Conkling,
Culver, Dawson, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Dumont, Garfield, Goodyear, Grider, Griswold,
Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard. John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, John-
son, Jones, Julian. ICa>->on, Kerr. Kuykcndall, Loan,
Lynch, Maivm, McCit'jough, Miller, Mori ill, Mor-
ris, ^ewe'l, t'helps, William II. Randall, Raymond,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rousi-oau, Sloan.
Starr, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Ward, War-
ner, William B. Washburn, and Williams—oS.
So the second resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resoluti<m was adopted : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Dodgi; presented himself at the Clerk's
desk, and was duly qualified.
jtjdiciaky of tiie united states, etc.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported the following bills; which were
ordered to be printed and recommitted to the
same committee :
An act (S.tNo. 181) to define more clearly
the jurisdiction and powers of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 303) to reorganize the judi-
ciary of the United States.
^ And then, on motion of Mr. HARDING-, of
Kentucky, (at five o'clock'and forty minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr.BUCKLAND: The petition of Charles Pow-
ers, and 48 others, citizens of Woodville, Sandusky
oounty, Ohio, for protection to the wool-growers of
this country by levying a duty on all foreign wools
of not less than ten cents per pound specific duty,
and ten per cent, act valorem.
Also, tho petition of L. Vanteal, and 42 others, of
Elmore, Ottawa county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of Isaac Fowler, and 39 others,
cilizoiis of Berlin Heights, Eiie county, Ohio, for the
Also, the petition of J. F. Basey, and 34 others,
citizens of Woodville, Sandusky county, Ohio.
Also, the petition of John Eoff, and 46 others, citi-
zens of Elmore, Ottawa county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of insurance
agentsof theninth congressional district of Ohio, held
at Clyde, Ohio, on the subject of establishing by act
of Congress a National Insurance Bureau for the reg-
ulation of inter-State insurance business.
Also, the petition of F. W.Cogswell, and others, cit-
izens of Sandusky city. upon.the same subject.
By Mr. BAXTER: The petition of Hon. William
C. Wilson, and others, citizens ot Bakersfield, Frank-
lin county, Vermont, praying for an increased pro-
tection on foreign wool.
Also,thepetition ofHenry H.Ballard, and30others,
citizensof Georgia, Fianklin county, Vermont, play-
ing for an increased protection on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of David Sunderlin, and39 others,
citizens otliighgate, Franklin county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased protection on ioreign wool.
Also, the petition .ol David Brown, and others, cit-
izens of Grand Isle, Grand Isle county, Vermont,
praying for an additional protection on foreign wool.
By Mr. BENDY: The petition of G. B. Morris, and
115 others, citizens of Ohio, asking an equalization of
bounties to soldiers.
By Mr. BROMWELL: The petition of M. C. Col-
lier, J. P. Pugh, and others, of Macon county, Illi-
nois, praying lor an increase of the annual amount
of pensions paid to invalid officers and soldieis.
By Mr. CULLOM: Three separate petitions signed
by a large number of citizens of Logan county, Illi-
nois, asking that Congress snail fix certain specific
duties upon imported wool.
By Mr. CONKLING: The memorial of the Savings
Bank of Utica, asking relief from present taxation.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of John Wilson,
and 75 others,citizens of Genesee county, Michigan,
lor an increased duty on wool.
By Mr. DAVIS: Tho petition of E. D. Clapp,
Thomas Stanton, and (51 others, citizens of Onondaga
county, New York, praying increased protection on
American wool.
Also, the petition of Caroline A. Randall, admin-
istratrix of Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Randall,
for relief.
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of Mrs. A. M.
Conrey and Miss Harriet S. Jaudon, for the return
of property alleged tojDC unlawfully confiscated.
By Mr. DELANO: The petition, proofs, and claim
of Leonard B. Johnson, of Sandusky, Ohio, praying
compensation for use and damage to his property on
Johnson's Island, Lake Erie, by the Government ot
the United States.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: The petition of 78 citizens
of liosendale, Fond du Lac county, Wisconsin, lor a
law providing for a duty of ten cents per pound and
ten per cent, ad valorem on wool imported into the
"United States.
By Mr. ELIOT: Tho petition of George E. Gould,
to change name of schooner Lord Clyde to Golden
City.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of Asa W.
Smith, and a large number of others, citizens of
McIIcnry county, Illinois, in favor of a uniform sys-
tem of insurance^
Bv Mr. FERRY: The memorial of many citizens
of Bairy connty, Michigan, praying for^ a post route
to be established from Wrmontville, Eaton county,
to Barryville, Bairj county, Michigan.
By Mr. HOGAN- The memorial of John D. Perry,
president of the Union Pacific Railway Company,
eastern division, for a reduction of the military reser-
vation at Fort liiley.
By Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio : Tho petition of John
Rice, and 13U o thers, wool-growers and citizens of Rich-
land county, Ohio, praying for increased duties upon
imported wool.
By Mr. HOTCIIKISS: The petition of citizens of
Tioga county. New York, for the improvement of the
harbor of Fair Haven, New York.
Bv Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: Tho petition
of John Ben/., and others, for a reduction of duty on
imported barley.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of 55 citizens of
Chattanooga, Tennessee, praying your honorable
body to amend the tariff laws so as to protect our
labor to the extent of the difference of tho cost of
capital and labor hero and abroad, with the addition
of the taxes paid by American industrial products
from which the foreign are free.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: Apetition
from citizens of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, lor
an increase of duty on foreign wool.
Also, a petition from the members of the bar at
Washington, Pennsylvania, Jibr an increase of salary
to Judge McCandlcss, district judge for the United
States for western Pennsylvania.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: A remonstrance of the com-
mon council of the village of Mason, Ingham county,
Michigan, against the extension of the Ainboy, Lan-
sing, and Traverse Bay railroad land grant to the
company ofthat name, and asking that the said grant
may be conferred upon certain other companies
therein named.
Also, a like remonstrance of S. P. Hutchinson, and
91 others,citizens of Brooklyn and Napoleon, Jackson
county, Michigan.
By Mi. MOORHEAD: Three memorials from
Joseph Plummer, John A. Jones, John Patteison,
W. McClintock, and Hugh Lee, citizensof Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of
duty on foreign wool.
Also, from General F. II. Collier, John M. Kil-
patrick, John V/. Itiddell, andothcis,mcmbeisoi the
Pittsburg bar, asking that the salary of the United
States district judge for western Pennsylvania be
increased.
Also, five memorials signed by 500 citizens of Mer-
cer county, Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of
duty upon foreign wool.
By Mr. MORIilLL: The petition of Hon. Charles
Barrett, and 57 others, citizens of Grafton, Windham
county, Vermont, praying for an increased duty on
foreign wool.
Also, the petition of A. H. Gilmore, and G9 others,
citizens of Fairl ee. Orange county, Vermont, praying
for'an increased duty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of H. W. Bailey, and 40 others,
citizensof Newbury, Orango county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased duty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of David F. Chapman, and 72
others, citizens of Tunbiidg'e, Orange county, Ver-
mont, praying for an increased duty on wool.
Also, thepetition of D.F.Tolinson,and40others, cit-
izens of Newark, Caledonia county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased duty on foreign wool.
By Mr.PAINE: Thepetition of Richard Richards,
andothers, citizens of Mount Pleasant, Racinecounty,
Wisconsin, in favor of an increased tariff upon wool.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of Daven-
port, Iowa, asking for the passage of a law for the
regulation of inter-State insurances of all kinds.
By Mr. PIIELPS: The memorial of J. C. Gates &
Co., praying to be refunded tax paid on merchandise.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Sundry petitions of citizens
and discharged soldiers of Ohio, for equal bounties.
By Mr. SCOFIELD : Petitions from citizens of Erie
and Alleghany counties, Pennsylvania, in favor of
increasing the duty on wool.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of (10 voters of Niagara county, New York, asking
additional duty on wool.
By Mr. WOODBRIDGE: The petition of W. R.
Bates, and 64 others, and also of M. Whipple, and 24
others, mechanics and laborers in manufacturing
establishments in the State of Vermont, praying for
such amendments to the tariff as will afford reason-
able proteetion„to the labor of this country against
the cboap and pauper labor of Europe.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of 160 wool-growers,
of Chemung county, New York, in favor of increasing
the duties on foreign wool.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 7, 18GG.
The House met at twelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
president's message.
The SPEAKER stated that, by order of the
House, this day was set apart for discussion,
as in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, of the President's message, on
which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. ITo-
g-an] was entitled to the floor,
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, as the House
has resolved to devote this day for the purpose
of debate is the reason why I seek to occupy
its attention with some remarks. I would not
wish to disturb its regular business, or to pro-
tract discussion, illegitimate legislation could
be enacted *, but, sir, as tliis day has been
devoted to debate and nothing else, I deem it
proper to present to the House, and through it
to the country, some views as to what has
transpired and what is transpiring, and in which
the people of the country are vitally interested.
This Congress, Mr. Speaker, called into
existence at a time and under circumstances
which have deprived one party of that vote to
which it is entitled by its numerical numbers,
while giving a very large majority to another,
the Republican party, has been wasted, wholly
wasted in the discussion of questions mainly
irrelevant to the great subjects in reference to
which we have been elected.
Veiymany speeches have been made. In-
deed. sir, without any disrespect at all to the
House, or to Congress. I might, perhaps,
characterize this session as a session of essays.
We have had magazine articles prepared and
spoken. We have had various presentations
of general ideas. We have had four months
occupied in the discussion of this question,
and scarcely has a single act been passed at
this Congress in which the people have very
much or very general interest. I do not hesi-
tate to say that there has never been, in the
history of this Republic, as much time use-
lessly consumed in discussion as during this
