1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3741
Bed, and that these office? should notbe vacated i
until elections can be had. if the bill shall pass.
I would also direct the attention of the Sen-
ator to the second section. It p ems to mo
that, the provisions of the bill are very vague
and indefinite, and if parsed in its present form
must necessarily involve the people of the
county of Alexandria in great difficulty.
Mr. WADE. I have looked pretty carefully
into this bill, and it provides for every contin-
gency I can think of that will arise after the
repeal. It maybe that there is some reason
vby it should be altered, but the first section
does not, as I understand, attempt to convey
anymore than that portion of the original ter-
ritory which was taken from Virginia. J t speaks
of the act of 1840, by which "that portion of
said ten miles square, lying south of the Poto-
mac, was ceded back to the Slate of Virginia,
in violation of the intent and meaning of the
Constitution," &c. That is as definite as I
could make it.
Mr. WILLEY.' But it is the first section to
which I referred.
Mr. WADE. This is in the first section.
The section goes on to recite about the cession
of ten miles square, and the like, and when it
comes to describe the act repealed it specifies
the act of 1846, by which "that portion of
said ten miles square lying south of the Poto-
mac was ceded back to the State of Virginia."
I do not think it could be made more definite.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator is quoting from
the preamble.
Mr. WADE. The section refers to that act
by which the retrocession was made. I cannot
make it any more clear. It refers directly to
that.
Mr. WILLEY. The first section reads as
follows:
That the act of Congress approved July 9, A. D.
1846, rotroceding to the State of Virginia that por-
tion of the district ten miles square,_ as provided by
the Constitution, known as the District of Columbia.
What "portion of the District" is that?
Mr. WADE. Let us look at the preamble
and see if there is any obscurity; if there is,
I cannot discover it. The preamble recites,
among other things, that "by an act of Con-
gress approved July 9, A. D. 1846, that por-
tion of said ten miles square lying south of the
Potomac was ceded back to the .State of Vir-
ginia, in violation of the intent and meaning
of the Constitution of the United States, and
to the great peril of the capital as aforesaid;"
and then the first section 1' therefore'' proceeds
to enact "that the act of Congress approved
July 9, A. D. 184C, retroceding to the State of
Virginia that portion of the district ten raises
square, as provided by the Constitution, known
as the District of Columbia, be, and the same
is hereby, henceforth, and forever repealed
and declared null and void."
Mr. WILLEY. What "portion?"
Mr. WADE. That portion that came from
Virginia, of course.
Mr. WILLEY. It does not say so.
Mr. WADE. I cannot see that there is any
obscurity in it. I do not think it is defective in
that particular. The act is referred to by the
date of its enactments and by everything else,
and I do not see any ambiguity in the descrip-
tion of the act itself. I think the bill is very
well provided with all the safeguards that such
a bill ought to have, in my judgment.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not think I got the
Senator's ear when I referred to the fifth
section.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator can suggest an
amendment I shall be very happy to have it
done.
Mr. WILLEY. I think the fifth section
would leave the county of Alexandria in a very
embarrassing condition from the date of the
passage of the act until the time that the offices
vacated by the act shall be filled by an election.
There seems to bo no provision whatever for
the interim.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am satisfied that we shall
do more harm than good by the passage of
this bill, and it is trenching on the prerogative
of another department of this Government.
If the act of 1840 is void, the courts can readily
declare it so ; if it is not void, we shall do infi-
nite mischief in relation to the government of
Alexandria and the people on that side of the
river by repealing it. Even if I was satisfied
that the original act was void, as I am not, I
do not see any benefit to accrue to the coun-
try or to the harmony of the States by the pas-
sage of this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Before the vote is
taken I desire to say that I ha\ e paiied with
my colleague [Mr. Hendricks] on this ques-
tion. If he were here he would vote against
the bill; and if I were at liberty to vote I
should vote for it.
Mr. ItAMSEY. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] desired me to say, when he was
leaving the Hall, that he had paired off with
his colleague [Mr. ICihkwood] on this ques-
tion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Edmunds, Har-
ris, Howard, Howe, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart,
Sumnor, AVadc, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Davis, Doolittle,Pessenden,
Foster, Guthrie, Henderson, Johnson. Morgan, Nor-
ton, ltiddle. Saulsbury. Sprague, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Willey, and Williams—17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Chandler,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Dixon, Grimes, Hendricks,
Ivirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Me-
Dou^all, Morrill, N esmith, Poland, Sherman, Wright,
and Y atcs—19.
So the bill was rejected.
consular amd diplomatic bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (Ii. R. No. 201) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1867, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part da the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sumner, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Grimes.
order 01? business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
387) to secure the speedy construction of the
Northern Pacific railroad and telegraph line,
and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose that the bill
which was taken up on my motion last evening,
and which came up regularly at one o'clock
to-day, but which I then consented should bo
informally postponed in order to allow other
measures to be taken up, is now the business
properly before the Senate. That being so, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn, so that
that bill may be left as the unfinished business
to come up to-morrow. I desire that the Sen-
ate shall act upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will withdraw his motion, and let us
take the vote on the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
Mr. HENDERSON. I insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 11; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 11, 1866.
The House metattwelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
Mr. HALE. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made and the
Journal will be read.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
dorence atwatek.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
snbmit, the following resolution, under iBstruc-
tion of the select committee, in the case of
Dorence Atwater:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House copies of the record and
proceedings of the eourt-uiartial held at the city of
Washington, in or about the month of September,
1865, in the case of Dorence Atwater, late a priva|e
in the general service of the United States Army, in-
cluding all testimony taken before the said court-
mart ial in said ease, together with all orders and
papers relating to the finding or sent ence of said court-
martial in said case, and to theexecution thereof;
and also copies of a communication or report made
by the Judge Advocate General of the United States
Army to the President of the United States, in or
about the month of June last, in i elation to said case,
and of a communication from General Townsend,
Acting Adjutant General of the United States Army,
to the President about the same date, in relation to
the said case, being.the same papers of which copies
were requested from the President by a resolution of
this House, passed June 25, 1806, and which papers
have not been furnished to this House.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER asked indefinite leave of
absence for Messrs. Dixon and Davis. ^
Leave was granted.
election contest fuller versus dawson.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to call up the report of
the Committee of Elections in the contested-
election case of Smith Fuller against John L.
Dawson, from the twenty-first district of the
State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to submit reports from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in reference to gen-
eral appropriation bills, which I do not think
will take up much time.
Mr. PAINE. I yield for that purpose.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 201, making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 18G7, and for other purposes,
recommending concurrence in some and non-
concurrence in others.
Mr. SCHENCK. The consul at Quebec is
included in the category of those whose salary
is to cease at the termination of the war. Now,
this should be corrected. We have had a con-
sul starving there, while the consul general and
others who are familiar with the subject say his
salary should be §1,500.
Mr. STEVENS. That will be considered in
the committee of conference.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to trans-
fer the consulate at "Spezzia," Italy, from
schedule C to schedule B, and insert it next
after "Smyrna."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAYMOND. Docs that fix the salary?
Mr. KASSON. That will be considered by
the committee of conference.
The report of the committee was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House do
further insist on its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate and ask for a committee
of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I want to know whether
my vote is recorded correctly on the vote taken
yesterday in reference to the duty on coal. _ I
voted to strike out $1 50 a ton and in lieu
thereof to insert fifty cents.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman stands
recorded as voting against concurrence in the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back the amendments
