1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2781
By our own action here, whether intended
or not, these banks have lost the immunity
which they thought they had when they were
organized, that they were to be free from all
local and municipal taxation. It is now from
two to live per cent, throughout the United
States. The city banks, with large deposits,
may not care for it, while it will result in driv-
ing the country banks to the wall. I repeat it,
sir, that, stand it as well as the city banks may,
the currency banks, under the duplex system of
taxation now in force from the General Gov-
ernment and the local authorities, will event-
ually destroy the weak banks in the country.
We have no power over local taxation. That
may be said to have passed from our control:
but we do have power to relieve a large por-
tion of the burden we now put upon them by
national authority. I do not believe we should
use these banks as a source of revenue, to the
destruction- of their business. If we get ten
times as much out of them as they cost us, I
think the General Government ought to be
satisfied with it.
Mr. PIKE. The processes by which wealth
is produced ought, to lie relieved. That we all
agree to. But here is an attempt, at the ex-
pense of those processes, to relieve wealth
itself. I protest, upon sound principles of
political economy, against it, and I hope the
attempt will not succeed. I am surprised that
my colleague, with the history of our State
before him, should make this motion. I have
looked at the report of the Comptroller of the
Currency, and I find the fact to be in regard to
the banks of Maine, according to the returns
of July and October last, that they pay a tax
of less than one per cent, per annum on their
capital.
Mr. BLAINE. I made my statement in
view of the tax to be levied under the decision
of the Supreme Court—not what lias been but
what is to be imposed hereafter.
Mr. PIKE. Now. then, our banks for a
series of years have paid to the State one per
cent, on their capital. The United States
gathers less than one per cent, upon it and in
return therefor furnishes them with their cir-
culating notes. So that to-day the banks of
Maine are paying a less amount to the General
Government than they have heretofore paid to
the State, and by law they are exempt from State
tax. It is said that they have now to pay local
taxes, in accordance with the decision of the
Supreme Court. Well, local taxes are burden-
some, but farmers, merchants, and everybody
else have to pay them, and in the banking act
it is provided specially that the national hanks
shall pay precisely the same tax that the State
banks do. In my own State the local banks
have always had to pay local taxes in addition
to the one per cent. State tax, so the national
hanks to-day are upon the same footing pre-
cisely as the State banks were before the
national bank act was passed, with this excep-
tion. that the General Government now fur-
nishes their circulating notes which before, as
Slate banks, they had to furnish themselves.
Now, sir. is this bank interest suffering? Will
anybody say that it is suffering? No returns of
dividends are provided for under the general
law. I cannot ascertain from the Comptroller
what dividends these national banks have made.
But I suppose no man can doubt that from the
beginning of the present national banking sys-
tem ur.tii the present time, their dividends have
been on average at least nine or ten per cent.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I understand him to say that there
is no means by which he can ascertain the
amount of dividends of these national banks.
Mr. PIKE. I inquired of the Comptroller
and he said he had none in the office.
Mr. PRICE. There is not a bank organized
in the United States since the passage of the act
that does not rettirn to the Comptroller under
oath the amount of dividends and when paid.
Mr. PIKE. I merely know what the Comp-
troller tells me, and I hold in my hand his pub-
lished report and that does not give any returns.
Now, I have no doubt the dividends of these
banks have averaged ten per cent, per annum.
Some of them have paid enormous dividends.
Take the national banks of this city. Does
anybody doubt that the First National Bank of
Washington has paid forty to fifty per cent, per
annum?
A Member. How about the Merchants'
Bank?
Mr. PIKE. I do not know about the Mer-
chants' Bank. There has been the same kind
of rascality in that bank that has pervaded some
other banks that we do not know so much about.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the last
word in the amendment..
Mr. Chairman, -I think it would be better if
my colleague would withdraw his amendment,
and allow it to be offered to the currency act,
where it properly belongs. It is not appro-
priate to this bill, which provides only for the
taxation of State banks, and not national
banks. It provides that this section shall not
apply to associations which are taxed under
and by virtue of the act " to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof." The national currency
act provides for the taxation of national banks.
The amendment of my colleague does not
properly belong to this bill.
Mr. BLAINE. What my colleague [Mr.
Lyxcii] suggests is a mere matter of form.
The amendment as offered by me is entirely
pertinent to the pending bill. I rise now to
correct my other colleague's [Mr. Pike's] fig-
ures. He is usually very accurate, but he is
out of the line just now. I understand him to
say that the national banks now in existence
are no more heavily taxed by the national Gov-
ernment than the State banks formerly were
by our State laws. Now, the gentleman knows
that for years and years in Maine we had a tax
of one per cent, only on the capital of the
banks, as levied diieclly by State authoiity.
Their circulation was not limited as is that of
the national banks. No matter how much it
was, they were not taxed on their circulation,
and were not taxed for a license. They paid
only one per cent, on their capital stock. The
national banks pay for a license, five per cent,
on their annual net earnings, one per cent,
annually on their circulation, and a half per
cent, on their deposits.
Mr. PIKE. The average tax, taking the
July and October returns of 1865, on the cir-
culation and deposits of Maine banks amounted
to eighty-two one hundredths of one per cent.
I take those two months because they give a
fair average. Now, you have to add to that
five per cent, on the dividends, and one fifth of
one per cent, for a license, so that altogether
the tax is less than one per cent, per annum.
Mr. BLAINE. All I maintain is, that whereas
the old State tax was one per cent., the national
banks pay more than double that tax.
Since this discussion commenced, the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Alt.isox] has placed
in my hands a letter from a constituent of his
■which clearly shows how very heavily the tax
on national batiks foots up in certain localities.
The bank referred to is a small one of but
$50,000 capital, and yet the taxes, national and
local, for the past year amounted to gf>,467 8"j
or nearly seven percent, on the capital of the
bank. And this is no exceptional case. lu
many communities the taxes are fully as heavy
as in the instance named, and in some places
they are even higher. As to the question of
profit, my colleague says that these banks have
made dividends of ten per cent. Vi hy, the
bonds they have deposited in the Treasury,
national securities, paying six per cent, in gold,
would have divided ten per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, there will
come a time for the discussion of this whole
banking system. It was adopted under exi-
gencies, and may or may not be a permanent
part of the system of the country. At any rate.
experience is suggesting that it needs improve-
ment. The proposition of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaixe,] to remove all taxed
but the tax on deposits, unless that tax-
ation be made by gradual increase at fixed
periods so as to prevent discounting upon
deposits, would only be to strengthen one of
iU greatest vices. The chief vice of the sys-
tem is discounting upon deposits. It aggra-
vates every financial crisis. When money is
abundant it tempts the banks to invite opera-
tors into speculation, and the moment contrac-
tions begin it exaggerates their virulence by
hundreds of per cent. There should be no
banking upon deposits, or at least not to an
extent greater than sixty or seventy per cent,
beyond the capital of the incorporation. I
hope that when the banking bill comes before
us it will be so restricted, and that the banks
will be called upon to pay at least the taxes they
now pay. These banks have paid dividends of
from ton to one hundred percent.—I can name
one of them that declared a dividend of one
hundred per cent.; and this is the last place in
the world to begin remitting taxes. The Gov-
ernment keeps in these banks an average bal-
ance of from forty to sixty million dollars, and
for the use of that money they can well afford
to pay the taxes assessed upon them. I hope
that when we consider this banking system again
we shall prohibit the Government from keep-
ing deposits in any of these banks, to be banked
upon and .scattered by the half million as was
done by the bank in this city which lately ex-
ploded. If you transfer the tax to deposits, I
venture to say that before this session closes
you will so restrict the system of deposits as
to diminish the collection of taxes from the
national banks with their dividends and reserve
profits averaging probably forty per cent, per
au num.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Keli.ey] understand that
my amendment proposes any change in that
respect?
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaixe] proposes to put a tax upon
deposits.
Mr. BLAINE. T do not propose to put any
more tax upon deposits than is imposed now.
Mr. KELLEY'. It will prove to be putting
the tax upon the gas of the balloon after the
balloon has exploded.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will explain
to the House how taxing deposits is going to
facilitate banking on deposits, he will give us
some new light upon it.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman proposes to
remove all other taxes and to leave the tax on
deposits.
Mr. BLAINE. The present tax is a half
of one per cent, upon the deposits. ilie
amendment which I have proposed leaves
that tax just where it now is. Therefore if
vou are going to stimulate discounts by taxing
deposits, then you have done it already. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
maintains that if we put this tax on deposits
it will stimulate these enormous discounts. I
cannot see the point of the argument. I do
not see the connection between the cause and
presumed effect.
My proposition is just this: in view of local
taxation we must lighten the national taxation ;
and I would take it off the country banks, where
circulation is the great object, and leave it^on
the city banks, those of Philadelphia and New
York and other large places where deposits in
the course of mercantile transactions are very
large. Probably the gentleman from Philadel-
phia [Mr. Kelley] represents a large banking
interest in that city; and it may do very well
for him to resist this proposition. I represent
ac ountry district, and I want the city banks,
with their enormous profits upon deposits, to
pay the expenses of this system. 1 do not
wonder that the gentleman from Philadelphia
should resist that. But I want to put it there :
I want those who are able to pay the tax to
bear it. I want the sources of business, the
country banks in the small communities, the
