2782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Jittle rills away up in the mountains, before
they get into the oceans of Philadelphia and
New York, to get a chance to live.
Mr. KELLEY withdrew his amendment to
the amendment of Mr. Blaine.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I renew the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is, that the amendment of my
colleague [Mr. Blaise] is not germane to this
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. It is too late to raise
that point of order now, for the amendment
has been received and debated.
Mr. BOUTWELL. While we have no means
of knowing exactly what tjie profits of these
banks are as a whole, the report of the Comp-
troller discloses some facts which will enable
the House to judge whether they are able to
bear the taxation which is proposed to fee put
upon them by this bill. On the 1st of July
last, according to their returns, the aggregate
of the banks had a surplus fund of 531,000,000.
They were also liable for dividends unpaid,
that is, dividends which had been declared but
■which had not then been paid, to the amount
of $4,700,000 more. And they also had a profit
account of $23,000,000, the whole making an
aggregate of profits of between $58,000,000
and $59,000,000, then undivided, upon a capi-
tal jDaid in of 8325,000,000, or nearly eighteen
per cent. On the 1st of October last their sur-
plus funds, which of course originated in profits
previously made, amounted to $38,700,000.
Their unpaid dividends, that is, dividends
declared out of profits earned but not paid,
amounted to $4,981,000 more, and their profit
account proper, that is, the account not em-
braced either in unpaid dividends or surplus
funds, amounted to $32,850,000 more, making
an aggregate of profits on the 1st of October
last of $85,000,000 on a capital paid in of about
$S93,000,000, and showing that between July
and October, a period of three months, after
deducting all the dividends paid, they have
carried their profits from $58,000,000 up to
$85,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Does not that come from
the sale of gold?
Mr. BOOT WELL. I do not know from
whence it comes ; I only know that it is there.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I merely
want to state in regard to that little bank that
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] says
is now so heavily taxed, that I find upon look-
ing over the returns that with only $50,000
capital they have about $190,000,000 drawing
interest, upon which, if they get only six per
cent., they will receive over $11,000 of profits.
And I understand that this little bank—one of
these rills up in the mountains, as the gentle-
man describes them—pays semi-annual divi-
dends of ten per cent., making twenty per
cent, per annum.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I move pro
forma to amend the amendment by striking
out the last word. My object in offering this
amendment is simply to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
The gentleman suggests that I represent a
large banking capital in Philadelphia. I wish
him to understand that if that banking capital
derives as it does enormous profits from bank-
ing on deposits, I desire to impose a restric-
tion upon it. I want to prevent, by legisla-
tion, the effeet of which shall be gradual, the
banking institutions of the country from bank-
ing on their deposits, whereby I affirm they
stimulate and produce crises and aggravate
them when they come.
My philosophy, which the gentleman could
not comprehend, is this: if we now put all our
taxes on the deposits, we shall not, when we
come to consider the bank bill, be able to re-
strict the banking on deposits, because ho and
others will make the argument that if we do
this we will release the banks from the taxa-
tion. Now, I do not desire that the deposits,
which I hope will not hereafter be as great a
source of profit to the banks, shall be the only
source of taxation. I wish that when we come
to deal with the banking system we may be free
to perfect it as experience may suggest. That
is my philosophy.
Mr. Chairman, I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, I consider that the best course we
can pursue in reference to this question of
State taxation and Federal taxation upon these
banks is at this time to follow the Committee
of Ways and Means in reference to this tax.
I deem this not the proper time to touch that
conflict wdxich must arise between Federal and
State taxation upon these banks. I would pre-
fer to reserve that question till it shall be pre-
sented, as it will be shortly, by the Committee
on Banking and Currency. Then we can take
up and discuss the whole system of banking in
reference to taxation. We can then decide
also whether this House is prepared to con-
tinue a system of deposits in these national
depositories without any adequate security
therefor—a system which has led to such im-
mense losses by the Government. I hope,
therefore, that the House will follow the com-
mittee strictly in reference to this taxation.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I believe
that the loss of revenue by taking this out will
amount to about seven million dollars. The
subject has been hitherto considered in con-
nection with the currency bill, and therefore it
has not been introduced in connection with this
bill, which merely relates to State banks and
savings institutions. I think that the whole
subject of the laws regulating national banks
requires revision. I am satisfied that some
relief must be given to those institutions or
they will soon perish; I am willing, for one,
to afford them some relief. But I prefer that
the question should come up distinctly and
separately in its proper place.
For the purpose of terminating debate, I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the cliair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes,'' approved June 30, 1804, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall resume the consideration of House
bill no 513, all debate upon the pending par-
agraph and the amendments thereto terminate
in five minutes.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I trust that will
not be agreed to. I desire to have an oppor-
tunityto move to strike out the last proviso of
the paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to move that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill agaix.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Daives in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled ''An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
. 1864, and acta amendatory thereof.
Mr. BLAINE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means did not hear me or
he would have been relieved from the necessity
of moving that the committee rise. There is
an impression prevailing that the amendment
belongs to the cni'rency bill. I suppose the
idea is to get Congress to enact a law absolutely
prohibiting local taxation. I believe that to
be a "harder lick" at the local revenues than
this would be to the national revenues. We
can better afford to remit the tax here than they
ca-n to forego it there. I think nothing in the
currency bill will prove as acceptable as this*
would. But as I do not wish to press my amend-
ment at a time when its friends would be some-
what divided, I now propose to withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. I had intended to offer an
amendment to this section relieving the State-
bank circulation, after the 1st of July next,
from the ten per cent, tax, but understanding
the Committee on Banking and Currency de-
sign to make a revision of the general currency
act I shall withhold my proposition until then.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move to strike out in line
twenty-four hundred and forty-eight, "five hun-
dred" and insert "one thousand."
Mr. Chairman, my opinion is that the de-
posits in the banks described in this paragraph
ought to be entirely exempted from taxation.
They are banks having no capital stock, and
do no other business than receive deposits to
be loaned for the parties making the deposits,
without compensation. A title to signify what
these banks are would be "loan agencies."
They are mere loan agencies. There is no
more reason for taxing money put at interest
through these agencies than for taxing money
put at interest by other methods. In deference
to the views of some gentlemen I waived the
amendment I intended offering and submitted
the one now pending. The depositors in these
banks are generally poor people who make
small gains and lay them aside quarterly or
yearly. All their income from money invested
through savings banks is taxed five per cent,
without regard to its amount, while the income
of richer people is exempt to the amount of
$1,000. In view of that tax, I suppose it is
not more than just to exempt all deposits below
$1,000 from taxation.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Morrill
and Baldwin were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 49.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to strike out these
words:
Provided, That this section shall not ar>p!y to asso-
ciations which are taxed under and by virtue of the
act "to provide a national currency seemed by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof." And the de-
posits in associations or companies known as provi-
dent institutions or savings banks, having no capital
stock and doing no other business than receiving de-
posits to be loaned or invested for the sole benefit of
the parties making such deposits, without profit or
compensation to the association or company,shall be
exempt from tax or duty on so much of their depos-
its as they have invested in securities of the United
States, and on all deposits less thon $500 made in the
name of any one person: And provided further, That
any bank ceasing to issue notes for circulation, and
which shall deposit m the Treasury of the United
States, in lawful money, the amount of its outstand-
ing circulation, to be redeemed at par, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, shall be exempt from any tax upon such
circulation.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out in line
twenty-four hundred and forty-two the word
"or," and insert after the word "banks" the
words "savings-fund and other savings institu-
tions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the following:
Provided further, That any bank ceasing to issue
notes for circulation, and which shall deposit in the
Treasury of the United States, in lawful money, the
amountof its outstanding circulation, to bercdeemed
at par, under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, shall be exempt from any
tax upon such circulation.
The amendment was disagreed to.
