1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3743
located further than twenty miles from the line of said
road: Provided farther, That the lands hereby granted
for and on account of said road shall bo exclusively
applied in the construction of the same, and for no
other purpose whatever, and shall be disposed of as
in this act hereinafter provided: Provided also, That
no part of the land granted by this act shall be ap-
plied to aid in the construction of any railroad or
part thereof for the construction of which any pre-
vious grant of land or bonds has been made by Con-
gress: And provided further. That any and all lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by competent
authority, for the xmrpobe of aiding in any objcct
of internal improvement, or for any other purpose
whatsoever, be, and the same are hereby, reserved
to the United States from the operations of this act,
except&o iar as it may be found necessary to locate the
route. of said road through said lands; in which case
the right of way, one hundred feet in width on each
side ot said road only shall be granted, subject to
the approval of the President of the United States.
"Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the sections
and parts of sections of land which by such grant
- shall remain to the United States, within ten miles
on each side of said road, shall not bo sold for less
than double the minimum price of the public lands
when sold; nor shall any of said lands become sub-
ject to sale at private entry until the same shall have
been first offered at public sale to the highest bidder,
at or above the increased minimum price, as afore-
said: Provided, That actual and bona fide settlers,
under the provisions of the preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States, may, after due proof
of settlement, improvement, cultivation, and occupa-
tion, as no*7 provided by law, purchase the same at
the increased minimum price aforesaid: And pro-
vided also, That settlers on any ot said reserve sec-
tions, under the provisions ot the homestead law,
who improve, occupy, and cultivate the same for a
period of five years, and comply with the several
conditions and requirements of said act, shall be en-
titled to patents for an amount not exceeding eighty
acres each, anything in this act to the contrary not-
withstanding.
"Sec. B. And be it further enacted, That the grant of
lands hereby made is upon condition that said com-
pany, alter the construction of its road, shall keep it
in repair and use, and snail at all times be in readi-
ness to transport troops, munitions of war, supplies
and publie stores upon its road for the Government
when required to do so by any Department thereof,
the Government at all times having the preference
in the use of the road for all the purposes aforesaid
at fair and reasonable rates of compensation, not
exceeding that paid by private individual or the
average paid for like services on other roads. And
the lands hereby granted, held, and reserved as afore-
said shall inure to the benefit of said company, as
follows: when the Governor of the State ot Kansas
shall certify that any section of ten consecutive miles
of said road is completed in a good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner as a first-class railroad, then
the said Secretary of the Interior shall issue to the
said company patents for so many sections of the
land hereinbefore granted as lie opposite to and con-
terminous with the said completed sections; and
when certificates of the Governor, atoresaid, snail be
presented to &aid Secretary of the completion, as
aforesaid, of each successive section of ten consecu-
tive miles of said road, the said Secretary shall m
like manner issue to said company patents for the
said sections of said lund, as atoresaid. lor each of
said sections of road unlit said road shall be com-
pleted: Provided, That if said railroad company or
its assigns shall fail to complete at least one section
of said road each year from the date of its acceiitance
of the grant provided for in this act, then its right
to the lands for said section so failing of completion
shall revert to the Government of the United States :
Provided further. That if said road is not completed
within ten years from the date of the acceptance of
the grant heiembefore made, the lands remaining
unpatented shall revert to the United States.
"Srcc.4. And be it further enactcd, I hat as soon as the
said company shall file with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior maps of its line, designating the route thereof, it
shallbethedutv of the said Secretary to withdraw from
the market the landsgranted by this act, msuch man-
ner as maybe best calculated to effect the purposes oi
this act and subserve the public interest.
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, Iliat the united
State* mail shall be transported on said road and its
extension, under the direction of the ± ost Umee De-
paitment, at such price as Congress may by law pro-
vide: Provided, That until such price is fixed by law
the Postmaster General shall have power to fix the
compensation.
** Sec.6. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands bo, and the same is
hereby, granted to said St. Joseph and Denver City
Railroad Company, its successors and assigns, for the
construction of a railroad as proposed; and the right
is hereby given to said corporation to take from the
public lands adjacent to thelineofsaidroadniatenal
for the construction thereof. Said way is granted to
said railroad to the extent of one hundred iect m
width on each side of said road where it may pass
through the public domain; also all necessary erouud
for station buildings, workshops, depots, machine-
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-
S'"*Skc 7. And be it further cnactcd. That the accept-
ance of'the terms, conditions, and impositions of this
act by the said St. Joseph and Denver City Railroad
Company shall be signified iu wilting, under the cor-
porate seal of the said company, duly executed pur-
suant to the direction of its board of directors first
had and obtained, which acceptance shall bo made
within six months after the passage of this act ana
not afterward, and shall be deposited with the Secre-
tary of the Interior."
And that the House agree to the same.
S. C. POMEROY,
B. GRATZ BROWN,
UEORSfi RliAD RIDDLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BENJAMIN F. LOAN,
SIDNEY CLARKE,
CHARLES A. ELDRIDSE,
Managers on the part of the Home.
Mr. LOAN. I deem it necessary only to
say to the House in explanation of this report,
that the committee of conference agreed to
take substantially the first two sections of the
Senate bill and the last section of the House
bill and make of them a new bill, with this
single exception, that the conterminous prin-
ciple, as it is called, contained in the Senate
bill has been added to the House bill. It is
simply the bill as it passed the House with the
first two sections of the Senate bill substituted
for the first two sections of the House bill,
with the conterminous principle, as it is called,
of the Senate bili added to the House bill. I
call the previous question on the report of the
committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded and tlie
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to.
Mr. LOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the*- committee of confer-
ence was adopted; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest again.
The Ilonse resumed the consideration of
the contcsted-election case of Smith Fuller vs.
John L. Dawson, of the twenty-first congres-
sional district of the State of Pennsylvania,
upon which Mr. Paine, from the Committee
of Elections, had submitted a report in favor
of the sitting member.
Mr. PAINE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office^ and Post Roads [Mr.
Alley] seems to think it a hardship that he
should be robbed of the morning hour to-day,
and therefore I promised to move that this
case be postponed until after the expiration
of the morning hour to-day. But I would not
have made that promise if I could have fore-
seen that an hour and a half would have been
taken up by other business. But having made
the promise, I will move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until after
the expiration of the morning hour to-day.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
organization and instruction of militia.
Mr. PAINE. Before the morning hour com-
mences, I ask unanimous consent to introduce
for consideration at this time a joint resolution
recommending the organization and instruc-
tion of the militia by the several States, and
providing for the distribution of ordnance and
ordnance stores.
No objection was made.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that in order to preserve and perpetu-
ate the military knowledge now possessed by
the people of the United States, and to render
useful to some extent the large amount of
ordnance and ordnance stores that have been
accumulated by the Government of the United
States, it is for the interest of the Republic
that, until a uniform militia system shall have
been adopted by Congress, the several States
and Territories should thoroughly organize,
arm, equip, and instruct the miiitia in accord-
ance with their own laws ; and such organiza-
tion, arming, equipment, and instruction is
hereby recommended to the several States and
Territories. _
The second section provides that two thirds
of all the ordnance and ordnance stores of each
and every kind now in the possession of the
United States, excepting only such as may be
required for the Navy or the permanent lortin-
cation of the country, shall bs distributed by
the Secretary of War to the several States and
Territories and to the District of Columbia, at
the expense of the United States, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the act of April 3,
1808, entitled "An act making provisions for
arming and equipping the whole body of the
militia of the United States," and the act of
March 3,1855, entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1856, and for
other purposesprovided, that the quantity
issued to either of the Territories or to the.
District of Columbia shall not exceed the pro-
portion to which the smallest State shall be
entitled by law; and provided, also that the
distribution to the late rebel States shall be
postponed until hereafter authorized by law,
but the distribution to the other States and to
the Territories shall be made forthwith.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. KASSON. Is this joint resolution be-
fore the House by unanimous consent, or has
it been reported from a committee?
The SPEAKER. It was introduced by
unanimous consent by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. KASSON. I hope the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] will not press this joint
resolution to a vote now. It provides for the
disbursement of what has cost the Government
several million dollars, and a great deal of
which would be utterly useless to the States
when distributed to them. I should like to
read it in print, and I suppose it will appear
in the Daily Globe to-morrow.
Mr.. PAINE. This measure has been very
carefully considered by myself, and I hope it
will be passed now. I hope the gentleman
will not press his objection to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire
of the Chair if the joint resolution is now pend-
ing before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is; and the question is
upon ordering it to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. PAINE. I call the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to say that if I
had heard the joint resolution read, I should
have objected to it in the first instance. But
we had.no means of knowing what was in the
joint resolution until it was finally reported.
The SPEAKER. The title was reported,
as is usual, and no objection was made.
Mr. THAYER. I think the general impres-
sion of the House was that it was read through
simply for information. * The House should
not certainly pass so important a measure as
this without consideration.
Mr. PAINE. If the motion for the pre-
vious question is in order I insist upon it.
Mr. FINCK. I would have objected to the
introduction of this joint resolution if I had
known what was in it.
The SPEAKER. Any member had the
right to reserve his objection until after it was
read through; but no member reserved any
such right.
Mr. KASSON. Do I understand that an
objection will not prevail now?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to refer
this joint resolution to tha Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs ?
The SPEAKER. It is not pending the call
for the previous question. If the previous ques-
tion is not seconded then the motion will be m
order.
The question was taken upon seconding tho
demand for the previous question; and upon a
division there were—ayes 53, noes 40.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FINCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs FiNuxauu
Paine were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question -yas seconded and
tha main question was ordered.
