1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
several of the gentlemen on the other side now.
I will name them so that they may read the
resolution now in the glass of history. Who
wore they who recorded themselves 011 the 22d
of July, 18(51, for that resolution, when rebel
arms wore thundering at the gates of the Cap-
itol, and when it became necessary for Con-
gress to sustain the Government. Here are
some of them, and these are still members of
this House: J. B. Alley, P. Baxter, F. C.
Beaman, S. Colfax, R. Conkling, H. L. Dawes,
H. Grider, A. Harding, P. Johnson, W. D.
Kelley, J. K. Moorhead, J. S. Morrill, F. A.
Pike, T. M. Pomeroy, A. H. Rice, J. H. Rico,
S. Shellabarger, R. E. Trowbridge, B. Van
Horn, I{. Y. IVhaley, and William Windom.
What becomes of that when these same gen-
tlemen declare that these States are out of the
Union'?
That is but one of tlie circumstances con-
nected with it. You will find the record with
the yeas and nays on pages 124 and 125 of the
Journal of that year, under date of July 22,
18G1.
Now, sir, was the Union dissolved after
that? We all know that the President of the
United States declared that there wae no in-
tention to dissolve the Union; Ave all know
that Abraham Lincoln declared positively, '' So
long as I am President the war shall be car-
ried on for the sole purpose of restoring the
Union.'"
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow mo
. to ask him a question?
Mr. HOGAN. Well, I have but a few min-
utes left.
Mr. HIGBY. It is not often that I inter-
rupt any one, and it is a candid question that
I desire to put.
Mr. IIOUAN. I really cannot yield to the
gentleman. • If I do, it would be impossible
for me to get through with my remarks.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
another fact in reference to this matter. Not
only did Congress, in 1SG1, declare that these
States could not and should not be disrupted,
but I find that at the very next session—the
second session of that Congress—a question
arose in reference to this matter which settled,
so far as Congress was concerned, these points
to which I have been referring. I iind that at
that session a resolution was offered to admit
A. J. Clements to a seat from the fourth dis-
trict of Tennessee. Now, Tennessee, accord-
ing^ to the present doctrine, went out of the
Union when she seceded. Horace Maynard
also remained in the House as a member from
Tennessee. [ find that on the 1;ithof Janu-
ary. 18152, (House Journal of that session, page
1(50.) on motion of Mr. I)awes, then, as noiv,
chairman of the Committee of Elections, A.
J. Clements was admitted to a seat in this
House as_ a Representative from the fourth
district of Tennessee. I find, furthermore,
what is even more significant, that at the third
session of that Congress, on the 17th February,
18(53, (House Journal, pages 412, 413,) Rep-
resentatives were admitted from the two loyal
districts of Louisiana. Here are the resolu-
tions :
" Resolved, That Benjamin ,F. Flanders is entitled
to a seat in thk> llousc as a representative from the
first congressional district of Louisiana.
■ That, Michael Ilalin is entitled to a seat
in this House as a Keprescntalivefrom the second dis-
trict of Louisiana."
Those resolutions were adopted, and, on
motion of Mr. Dawes, a motion to reconsider .
the vote by which they were adopted was laid
upon the table.
Thus we have a declaration, made, during the
period of war, that this Government could not
be disrupted, and a further declaration that
Representatives from Louisiana and Tennessee,
which were then in rebellion, were entitled to
seats upon this floor.
But, sir, there is another thing to which I
wish to call the attention of the House in this
connection, and that is, to resolutions which
were offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Sievess] on the 4th of December,
18(52, They are to be found on page 36 of
the House Journal of the third session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. I will read the
resolutions:
" Mr. Stevens submitted the following resolutions,
which were read, ordered to be printed, and their
further consideration postponed until Tuesday, the
lGth instant, namely:
" Resolved, That this Union must be and remain one
and indivisible forever.
" llesolved. That if any person in the employment of
the United States, in either the legislative or execu-
tive branch, should propose to make peace, or should
accept or advise the acceptance of any such proposi-
tion, on any other basis than the integrity ;md entire
unity of the United States and their Territories as
they existed at the time of the rebellion, he wili be
guiity of a high crime. "
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
the leader of this House; he seems to control
its action. Looking around here, he may almost
say, in the language of Alexander Selkirk:
"I am monarch of all I survey,
My right there is none to dispute."
He can pass what resolutions here he pleases.
He said, at that day, that it would be a high
crime for any one even to think of allowing a
disruption of this Union. While the rebellion
was in existence nobody thought of anything
but fighting for the Union ; but now, when the
battle for the Union has been fought and won,
it is the strangest thing in the world that men
who are elected under the name of the Union
party should come into Congress and propose
to obliterate eleven stars from our noble and
glorious flag. There they stand yet; and who
here dare say, as was said by a writer in a New
York paper, "Tear down that flaunting lie!"
Sir, that flag has thirty-six stars on it yet, and
eleven of those stars are not represented in this
House. For four months of this session you
have been keeping out men who are entitled
to seats upon this floor, according to all your
own acts and your own resolutions.
But I wish to call your attention further, to
another point. I refer you to page 400 of the
same Journal. Oil the 23d of February, 1863,
"Mr. Dawes called up, and tho House proceeded
to consider, tho leport of tho Committee of Elections
in the case uf J enuings Pigott, claiming a seat in the
House as a Representative fiorn the State of North
Carolina, the pending question being on agreeing to
the loilowmgresolution, namely:
"Jicsolvtd, That Jennings Pigott is not entitled to
a scat in this House as a Representative from the
second congressional district in Xorth Carolina.
"ilr. Onh.MiixTS submitted the following amend-
ment, namely: 'Strike out all aftor tho word "re-
solved," and insert:
" Whereas the rebellion of a portion of the people
of any State cannotdeprivcthose who remain loyal of
any oi their rights under tho Constitution, nor destroy
the integrity of the State itself; and whereas tho for-
feiture of rights and privileges by the disloyal de-
volves the responsibility of citizenship upon those
who maintain a true allcgianco; and whereas the
Constitution of the United States guaranties to each
State a republicanism of gov eminent and equal rep-
resentation in Congress; and whereas the obligation
of paying taxes, which isimperative upon all citizens
everywhere, is reciprocal with the rights of repre-
sentation^ and whereas protection to citizens in the
cxeiciscof their political right of voting is a duty of
Government, and the loss of that right by loyal men
in consequence of the armed rebellion of their neigh-
bors, or an invading enemy, is a mistortune and not
a fault; and whereas this House regard the right of
loyal citizens to be represented as essential, and the
laws prescribing the time, mode, and manner of hold-
ing the elections as merely directory; and whereas in
the second district ot North Carolina the people, being
subject to taxation, arc entitled to representation,
aid, on the 1st day of January, 1803, meet at their
usual places of holding elections, and complied, as far
as was within their power, with the laws regulating
the same, by the election of Jennings Pigott to rep-
resent them in this body, giving tohim a majority of
all tho votes cast at said election : There-tore, the said
election is hereby declared valid, and the said Jen-
nings Pigott is hereby admitted to liis «eat ns the Rep-
resentative from the second distric-tol North Carolina.'
Pending which, after debate,
"i\Ir. Dawes moved the previous question; which
was seconded, and the main question ordered; and
under the operation thereof, said amendment was
agreed to; and the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections was agreed to."
Now, I inquire, with what consistency can
gentlemen who thus, after the passage of ordi-
nances of secession, which if anything except
successful revolution, could take these States
out of the Union—if, after the war had long
progressed, and multitudes on both sides had
been slain, yet voted that tho Union was not
dissolved; that these States were not out of
the Union, but in it, and entitled as loyal
people to representation in this House, and
actually allowed Tennessee and Virginia and
Louisiana and_ North Carolina representation
here, and participation in legislation—how, I
ask, can these gentlemen, now that the war is
over, the terribleconflict closed, when we have
but one flag waving over our land, when the
laws of the United States are in none of these
States obstructed, that now they deny repre-
sentation, and in fact regard them as out of
the Union, thus, by the action of this Congress,
doing what armed rebellion could not accom-
plish ?
Mark my word, the people will have a bitter
controversy with those Representatives who act
upon the idea that Congress can, by act or
deed, dissolve the Union.
Now, sir, the allegation upon which these
States secured their independence was the
right of representation where there is taxation.
I wish to call the attention of the House to the
strikingly anomalous fact, that in this year of our
Lord 18(56, after we have been a people since
1776, when that declaration was made, that
taxation and representation must go together,
we are taxing these States, and have col-
lected from them during the past year, as public
documents show, (see report of Secretary of
Treasury, February 16, I860, Ex. Doc. No. 47,)
$27,955,540 37 in taxes, and yet we allowthem
no Representatives upon the floor of this House.
Sir, I like that Declaration of Independence;
and I like the Constitution of my country.
Framed by men of little less than divine wis-
dom, little less than inspired, it is such a Con-
stitution that cannot impair it without danger
to our posterity as well as of ourselves. You
might just as well try to obliterate from the
firmament of heaven a part of its glorious
galaxy of stars, as to deprive any of our glori-
ous galaxy of stars of any of its rights and
immunities.
The Constitution of our country was formed
upon the model which the great Architect of
the universe established when He formed this
planetary system of ours. Our Federal Gov-
ernment is the central sun, which revolves upon
its own axis to be sure, but which at the same
time exerts its power and influence to control
and direct and manage all the surrounding
planets of the system. And all those planets
have an independent action of their own ; they
revolve upon their own noble axis ; and al-
though they do that, they go around the sun
among the planetary worlds in the order and
according to the laws which God has estab-
lished for them. By the Constitution of the
United States, the Federal Government is the
great central head; and the States are inde-
pendent so far as they move on their own axis.
You cannot obliterate a part of the system
without destroying the b,cauty and configura-
tion of the whole system.
But there is one thing more to the consider-
ation of which I will now go, and upon which
I will dwell but a few moments. A great deal
of the argumentation during this whole session
has been in opposition to the President of the
United States. We have been told here that
certain things which have been done, were
done by Democrats in support of the President;
and that was a reason why his friends on the
other side should not do them. Has it come to
this, that because Democrats support a meas-
ure, it is therefore wrong in the opinion of
gentlemen upon the other side? Do not our
people pay taxes just the same as your people ?
Although we have but few men upon this floor,
not so many as we are entitled to, and not so
manj' as we will have when the people get a
chance at your Unionism again, I tell you we
have just as good a right to support the President
of the United States as anybody has, and we
intend to do it; not because he is a Democ.at;
not because we aided to elect him; but because
he is the President of the United States, and
because he is right.
Why do you denounce Andrew Johnson?
Why has he been spoken of so scurrilously in
this House of Congress? Did you not elect
him? Did you not know when you nominated
him that he was an inborn Democrat? Did
