2784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
and above $6,000, a duty of three per cent, per an-
num additional.
I must confess, sir, that I do cot understand
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means when he says that a tax of this charac-
ter is not in accordance with the principles of
justice, and further, that it is "highway rob-
bery." According to my logic, a propo'sition
of this sort does not come within either of those
categories. When we lay a general tax of five
per cent, upon every man's income over the
sum of §1,000, does not that take within its
purview_ every man in the community subject
to taxation? Then upon that annual revenue
up to $6,000, as my amendment proposes, a
tax of five per cent, is to be paid—not by one
man, but by every man in the community hav-
ing that amount of income. The assessment
is equal. _ The amendment further provides
for an additional assessment of three per ccnt.
upon the amount of income over $6,000. Is not
thisjust? Isit robbery? Why, sir, we adopted
the other day a provision imposing a tax upon
wooden bowls and upon corn brooms. We are
prepared, too, it seems, to tax the brave soldiers
who fought our battles during the last five years
in every case where the amount of income is
over $1,000; but we are not prepared to say
that gentlemen who have incomes of $100,000
a year shall be taxed over and above the rate
■which we assess upon the income of the man
of very moderate means. Now. as I have said
time and again upon this floor, the tax is equal
while the means of payment are unequal. The
man who has the higherincomc has the greater
means of payment and feels the tax less. The
difference is in his favor. The poor man, to
the extent of his modicum, pays his full tax.
If he had a larger income ho would of course
- be happy to pay the increased tax. Not so
with the millionaires. They fix upon a mod-
erate income of $5,000, and sav, " Here we
take our stand and set the tax-gatherer at defi-
ance, because it would be inequality, it would
be injdstice, it would be high tvay robbery to
make us pay from our overflowing coffers a
trifle upon the excess above what is required
to meet the necessary demands of life.'' Why,
sir, I cannot see upon what ground, in morals
or in ethics or in logic, the argument of my
learned friendfrom Vermont has a resting-
place. There is nothing in it in reason, noth-
ing in it injustice. And I trust that the reflect-
ing men upon this floor will ponder well before
they can be induced to change the very equi-
table mode of assessment which we adopted
here two years ago, and which did make some
difference between the rich man and the man
of moderate means.
Mr. PRICE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spald-
ing,] and 1 do so because I do not think it at
all equitable. I do not think the amendment
would make the tax bear equally upon all men,
without regard to race or color. Now, sir, the
matter is just this; and I want the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SrALDixe]
to this proposition: we will suppose there are
two men living neighbors to each other; the
income of one is $5,900, of the other it is
$6,100, a difference of just $200 between their
incomes. _ They are neighbors, engaged in the
same business, and occupying the same posi-
tion and standing in the community. But you
tax the one at the rate of five per cent., while
you tax the other, with only $200 more income,
at the rate of ten per cent. That is the way it
works; you tax the man because he has the
money.
Now, T want to defend the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] from the "highway
robbery" charge. He did not say that it was
highway robbery to take this tax; but he said
that it was upon the same principle that the
highway robbcrpractices. And it is precisely
as he stated. The highway robber goes out
upon the highway, seize, a man by the throat,
and says to him, "Your money or your life."
The man looks at him and says, ''Well, you
cannot get any money from me, for I have
none." The robber lets him go., But the
next man he meets, and to whom says, "Your
money or your life," must disgorge because he
happens to have some money. Now, the high-
way robber never robs the man who has no
money. He treats them all alike; he takes
■money where it is, and where it is not he does
not take it. Now, in my opinion we better
treat all men alike in this matter of taxation.
If one man is more economical than another,
and saves more money, and so at the end of
some years is in possession of more income in
consequence of such economy, I do not think
he should be punished for that which should
be considered a virtue. They should all be
treated alike, without reference to the incomes
thev may have.
Mr. SLOAN. I mopro forma to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] by striking out the word
"four" and inserting the word "three."
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] yield to me a moment
for the purpose of modifying my amendment?
Mr. SLOAN. I prefer not to yield now, as
I have but five minutes. I was surprised to
hear the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Morrill] indulge in such
strong expressions as he used. He says that
the proposed change in this tax could not be
defended upon principle, and that it amounted
to a robbery of a certain designated class of
people. Now, I suppose if a perfectly just
system of taxation could be devised and put
in force, every man would be taxed just in
proportion to his ability to pay the tax;'not
perhaps in proportion to the amount of prop-
erty^ he may have, or what he may produce,
but in proportion to his ability to pay his tax ;
in proportion to the excess which he has left
after meeting all the legitimate demands upon
him. _Now, throughout the consideration of
this bill the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has resisted strenuously all
propositions to relieve from taxation many
articles the tax upon which is oppressive and
burdensome to the industry of the country.
The tax upon those articles tends to depress
and check the business and enterprise of the
country. Here is a tax where we allow a
liberal income of $5,000 to be taxed at the
common rate to which all are liable. On the
excess beyond that amount a higher rate of
tax is imposed.
Mr. HALE. _ I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is that debate is exhausted upon
the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] to the amendment moved
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] and
that the subsequent amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spaldixg] is therefore
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] is an
amendment to the text proposed to be stricken
out by the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike,] and therefore it takes pre-
cedence of the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. HALE. I would ask the Chairman how
many amendments are now pending before the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] to be to strike out a portion of the
original text. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ross] moves an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine. Pending
those amendments, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] proposes to amend the matter
proposed to be stricken out by the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine. That amend-
ment takes precedence of the other amend-
ments, as being for the purpose of perfecting
the text proposed to be stricken out. And the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is itself
open to an amendment which has been proposed
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan.J
Thus four amendments can be pending at the
same time : an amendment to strike out and
insert, and an amendment to that amendment;
an amendment to amend the matter proposed
to be stricken out, and an amendment to that
amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. The main objection urged
to the exemption of articles from taxation, or
to the reduction of the tax heretofore laid upon
those articles, has been that it would reduce
the revenue to a point lower than it would be
wise orproper to reduce it. Now I find that in
this article of income alone there are involved
$17,000,000 of revenue, an amount which I
suppose will cover three or four times over all
the taxes which have been lost by the amend-
ments which the committee have made in ex-
empting from taxation or reducing the tax upon
those articles of prime necessity in common
use in the industry of the country. And in a
year or two all of them can be relieved from
that tax. There are many items in this bill
where relief can be afforded more justly and
more equitably and more in accordance with
the interests of the whole country, than by the
change proposed by the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say that I feel
no particular interest in this question, or as to
how it shall be disposed of. Perhaps I may
have expressed myself a little too strongly. I
did not intend to take any part in debating this
question, but to let the House take its own
course. I only wish to keep myself right on the
record. J have been from the first opposed to
the principle of the tax. Our urgent necessities
during the war having ceased, I think we ought
to relieve ourselves at the earliest moment
from such a tax. The particular effect of it
is to harass men of great enterprise in the coun-
try. I do not see liow gentlemen, after they
have accumulated a certain amount of property,
will be willing to continue their adventures
thereafter for fear of becoming subject to the
tax. It will have the effect, too, of creating
absenteeism. When men have acquired a large
fortune they will be very apt to go elsewhere to
expend it. That is all I* have to say on that
point.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I renew the amendment. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has pronou n ced the proposed amendment before
the House discriminating in favor of incomes
below $1,000 and against those above that
a.mouut to be unjust and wrong". I am sorry.
If that be robbery, he has come into this House
with his garments stained nil over with rob-
bery. I take it he does not disapprove the hill
lie himself introduced. 1 take it he approves
that provision which requires a man worth
$1,001 a year to paya tax of five per cent, per
annum, and yet exempts his neighbor who
may only be worth $999 from the payment of
any tax whatever. If this be robbery to make
it ten per cent, above a certain amount, what
will be said of that discrimination which com-
pels a man to pay a tax when his income is
over $1,000 and relieves him from taxation
entirely when below that amount? But there
is no robbery in either case. If the gentleman
desires to put himself right on the record, let -
him wipe out what he has already written in
this bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I want to read to the
com mittee a few paragraphs from a little work-
Report of the United States Revenue Com-
mission—which I presume is the vacle mecum
of the Committee of Ways and Means. Let me
read from page 17:
" The remedy, therefore, for the difficulties above
pointed out, and illustrated, earc in a few striking in-
stances, which have probably resulted from oversight
in the framing ol the law, must, in the opinion of the
commission, bo sought for in such a revision of the
internal revenue system as will look to an entire ex-
emption of the manufacturing industry of the United
States from all direct taxation, (distilled nod fer-
merited liquor.1-', tobacco, and pos.sibly a few other
articles excepted.) This the commission arc unhesi-
tatingly prepared to recommend."
Then let me read front the bottom of the
same page:
Assuming, then, that thepolicy indicated—which
we may here restato in brief to be the abolition or
spec<iy redaction of all taxes which tend to check
development, and tho retention of all those -which,
like the income fax, faU chiefly upon realized-wealth—
