THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
have, I believe, two United States courts asso,-
ciated at a point very distant from portions of
the district. If X understand the effect of this
bill it refers to the United States courts the ad-
judication of all questions pending in the State
courts the moment the act of bankruptcy is
committed. For instance, if an ejectment suit
is pending in a certain court between parties,
and either of the parties commits the act of
Bankruptcy, that very moment all proceedings
in tiiat Court are suspended, relating to that"
particular cause, and all other causes of the
suitors who may be prosecuting this debtor.
Jfr- JENCKES. I beg to correct the gen-
tleman. This bill takes e'ffeet upon the rela-
tion of debtor and creditor. It has nothing to
do with real actions.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I stand cor-
rected. Then suppose a bankrupt has an inter-
•  est in a lawsuit relating to a tract of land. The
suit will have to be determined in the State
courts, while at the same time his estate may
be entirely administered upon by this register
at the United States court; but all his personal
property is transferred to the jurisdiction of the
United States court.
Now, sir, I will-undertake to say if this bill
passes, that it will be extremely inconvenient
to my constituents. In place of resorting to our
State courts for a remedy against a man who
has purchased a large amount of produce and
who has failed to make the final payment, this
hill requires the parties to travel hundreds of
miles, perhaps to Chicago, or lose their claim.
I understand further that the register who
may administer upon a gentleman's estate may
be a lawyer who has been counsel in the State
courts. For I call attention to the fact that if
these registers are qualified in this way, they
must be lawyers of some court of record in the
State, or in the United States court. They can-
not be interested in any case in their own dis-
trict, but they may be interested in the State
courts before the case is transferred to the
jurisdiction of the United States court.
Now, sir, I will express the opinion that if
this bill is to meet the approbation of the peo-
ple, it must enablpthe people to have an adju-
dication of their rights in their home courts and
not transfer them to courts at a great distance
from their homes where their business is trans-
acted and where under the State laws these
questions are now determined. I will not add
anything more.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, the commit-
tee must have used language very inaccurately
if they have conveyed any such idea as that
stated by the gentleman. I think it is provided
in about as clear a manner as can be that, 'these
registers shall not aet as counsel or attorneys
for any parties in any matters connected with
bankruptcy. _ And, sir, instead of creating the
difficulty which the gentleman suggests, their
office is created to remove that very difficulty.
Instead of the gentleman's neighbors having to
travel two hundred miles to Chicago, this bill
authorizes the court to come down, by means
of one of these registers, into his neighborhood,
^nd instead of creating the embarrassment
which the gentleman has referred to, it will
have a tendency to relieve it entirely.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I understand
that in all cases of dispute the register has no
jurisdiction and must refer them to the court.
Mr. JENCKES. Instead of increasing the
(Jifficuhies of litigation, this machinery, if it will
m act well at all, will simplify the trial of every
case, whether it be one growing out of the own-
ership of land or of common debts; because it
brings all matters relating to the settlement
of a bankrupt's estate within one jurisdiction t
at one place, and does not oblige his creditors
to travel all over the country to pursue him in |
different courts wherever he may be found; I
everything is to be adjudicated at the place of
his residence by a court of competent jurisdic-
tion, and that lessens litigation instead of in-
creasing it in almost every instance.
Mr. SPALDING. I tfiove that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. GAlii'iiiLD. X usk my eoBeagae to
withdraw that motion to allow me to introduce
a bill for reference.
Mi-. SPALDING, I withdraw it for that
purpose.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS IN OHIO.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the improve-
ment of certain harbors in Ohio; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
HOLDING EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to make a privi-
leged motion. I find there are several reli-
gious and other meetings that gentlemen wish
to attend. I therefore move that the order of
the House for night sessions be suspended
until next week Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
a recess to be taken each day at four o'clock
and thirty minutes until otherwise ordered. It
is under the control of the majority of the
House at any time to suspend or change the
order.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING resumed the floor.
REVENUE REPORT.
Mr. "WARNER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved^ That the revenue commission appointed
to inquire into and report upon the best and most effi-
cient means of raising and collecting a revenue be
requested to report'to the House of Representatives
such portion of the testimony relative to the industry
and revenue of the country taken by thein as they
may deem expedient.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to say that this in-
formation 
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot give way any
further.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the gentleman will
hear a suggestion.
Mr. SPALDING. I must decline to yield.
Mr. WARNER. I appeal to the gentleman's
courtesy for one moment. This resolution
comes from the committee 
Mr. SPALDING. I dccline to yield.
Mr. WARNER. Then I withdraw the reso-
lution.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew the motion that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty-five minutes to five o'clock p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 9, 18C6.
Prayer by Rev. H. C. Fish, D. D., of New-
ark, New Jersey.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SENATOR FROM ALABAMA.
_ Mr. GUTHRIE. I hold in my hand the cer-
tificate of election of Hon. George S. Houston,
as Senator from the State of Alabama for the
term ending March 4, 1867. I hope that it
may be received and laid on the table; and I
deem it proper to state at this time that I un-
derstand that Mr. Houston has been a consist-
ent Union man during the war.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. That order
will be made If there be no objection.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota in favor of a grant of
lands to perfect the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river to the falls of St. Anthony; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of steamboat and
slack-water navigation on the Zombro river,
frcro the "Mississippi river to the Zombro falls,
in Minnesota; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of J. C.
Rankin, and others, citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying for such an amendment of the revenue
laws, both as applied to internal taxation and
duties on foreign imports, as will secure the
amplest protection to American labor; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, engaged in the manufacture of
agricultural implements, praying for a reduc-
tion of the taxes upon the sales of agricultural
implements ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. GUTHRIE presented the petition of
Edward Lynch, praying that the Secretary of
the Treasury may be authorized and directed to
issue an American register to the British colo-
nial-built steamer Prince Albert; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented sixteen peti-
tions, signed by six hundred and seventy-lour
citizens of the city of Philadelphia, Pennsj'lva-
nia, praying for the passage of the amendment
to the Constitution of the United States chang-
ing the basis of representation; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
James Tetlow, praying for relief for losses sus-
tained by him in building for the Government
on contract the iron steamer tug-boats Fortune,
Speedwell, Standish, and Mayflower; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(H. R. No. 85) for the disposal of the public
lands for homestead and actual settlement in
the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Florida, was read, twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 154) to further secure American
citizens certain privileges under the treaty of
Washington, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce; which was
agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 137) to amend the acts approved August
6, 18G1, and July 16, XS6li, establishing a met-
ropolitan police in the District of Columbia, to
inercasc the efficiency thereof, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
MEDICAL STATISTICS OF THE WAR.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to tbe Senate a compendium of the
medical statistics collected during the war in tho
offices of the Provost Marshal General and the Sur-
geon General.
INVESTIGATION OF COTTON FRAUDS.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
_ Whereas charges of fraud, peculation, and extor-
tion have been made against agents of the cotton
bureau by citizens, and especially cotton plaulcis
and cotton factors; and whereas said charges have
also been made through the public press, and the
serious attention of the Senate called thereto: and
whereas it lias been made to appear to the Senate
that agents in some instances have been indietcd by
the State courts for swindling, and the jurisdiction
of said courts in the premises having been denied, and
the accused agentstaken out of the hands of the civil
authorities by military foicu:
Resolved, That a committee, to consist of—Sena-
tors, be, and the same is hereby, appointed to investi-
gate the said charges, with authority to have brought
before them persons and papers: and said committee
will report the result of its investigation to the Sen-
ate for its action.
-The 'PifcBS'IIKEN'T pro tempore,, ft requires
