1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3745
And can they complain now that the Con-
gress of the United States steps in ani gives
not an exclusive but a general privilege to any
and every company properly chartered under *
the laws of any State of this Union? An ex-
clusive privilege, Mr. Speaker, was asked for,
but the Senate refused it and gave them a gen-
eral bill, which enables all companies receiving
these powers at the hands of aijy Legislature
to construct telegraph lines over military and
postal routes of the United States and over the
public domain. That is all substantially that
this bill grants, and surely it does seem to me
in view of the important interests involved,
that this House cannot object toifeanting to
American citizens, for such a good purpose,
such a trifling boon as this. My colleague on
the committee [Mr. Fixck] ^shes to say a
few words, and I will give way to him for ten
minutes.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, the condition of
my health will prevent mc from detaining the
House even for the ten minutes which have
been yielded to me. There is no man more
desirous than myself to oppose anything like a
monopoly in this county, nor more disposed
to favor and sanction any proper and legitimate
measure which may be inaugurated to restrict
the monopolies which now exist. But I have
been unable to bring my mind to sanction the
bill now pending before the House, reported
by my colleague, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The gentleman admits that amendments of
some character ought perhaps to be made to
the bill. Sir, what we do now ought to be done
propejiy. The bill should at this time be
amended. I will not now argue the question
whether Congress has the power to authorize
the construction ofthese telegraph lines through
the States without the consent of the States. I
shall confine the few remarks which I propose
to submit to the House to"one of a number of
objections which I have to the passage of this
bill in its present shape. It provides in the
first section that any telegraph "company now
organized, or which may hereafter be organ-
ized, shall have certain rights which are con-s
ferred by this bill, among which is the right to
construct, maintain, and operate their lines of
telegraph through aud over any portion of the
public domain of the United States. I have
no doubt as to the authority of Congress to
grant that much. But the bill goes on further
and proposes to confer the right also to con-
struct such lines of telegraph through the States
"over and along any of the military or post
roads of the United States which have been or
may hereafter be declared such by act of Con-
gress, and over, under, or across the navigable
streams or waters of the United States."
Now, what does this bill do? It undertakes
to authorize these companies to go into the
States and to put down their posts and all the
necessary apparatus for the purpose of operating
telegraph lines.
Now, I deny that without some provision by
which the consent of the land-owners shall be
obtained, or by which some remedy shall be
provided to the owners of the soil for obtain-
ing compensation for the property appropri-
ated. Congress has any right to do what is pro-
posed by this measure. To whom does the soil
belong, or the right of way, on which these post
roads and military roads have been established?
Certainly, the 'right is in some individual or
company. If the property has been condemned
merely for the use of a railroad, it is to be used
only for the purpose of such railroad; it is to
be operated and used for that single purpose,
and the right of way belongs to the company
which has condemned or purchased it. It be-
longs to them to that extent, and when they
cease to use it for the purposes for which the
laud was condemned, when they cease toiise
and operate it for railroad purposes, the right
reverts to the owner of the fee.
But the bill authorizes private property to be
taken and used by these telegraph companies.
That property belongs to some person or some
company, and you cannot by this enactment
39th Cong. 1st Skss.—No. 235.
give to the telegraph^companies the right to
use this particular property, the right *of way,
or the soil without making some provision by
which the owners of the right of way or the
owners of the soil shajkreceive just compen-
sation for the property taken.
Now, sir, if there were any provision in the
bill authorizing some legal way by which to
ascertain the value and provide for the pay-
ment of the property taken for which compen-
sation is to be made, it would remove one of
the objections which I have to this bill. Every
one knows that private property cannot be taken
in this way without just compensation.
If we pass this bill and authorize these com-
panies to construct these telegraphic lines
through the States, there will likely occur con-
troversies between'the State authorities and
this legislation of the Federal Government.
It seems'to me that my colleague, the chair-
man of the committee, oughtnottobesorigid in
adhering to the declaration he made this morn-
ing, that he would not allow any opportunity to
amend the bill. Let the bill be perfected. I
should like to vote for some proper measure
by which we might organize a system which
would tend to check the monopoly which now
exists in the telegraphic system of the country.
But I do not believe that this bill is constitu-
tional. There are other objections to the bill
which I cannot now discuss, but for the reasons
I have stated I must oppose its passage.
Mr. ALLEY. I now yield ten minutes to«p
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hale,]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Ofiice and Post
Roads stated an unquestionable fact when he
stated that this was a bill of very great im-
portance. I sincerely trust that this House
will not pass upon it under the pressure of the
previous question with only the limited debate
which the morning hour of one day affords. I
propose now simply to specify 'one or two ob-
jections to this bill which strike me as vital.
I cannot properly discuss them in the ten min-
utes that the gentleman has accorded me, and
which is all that he could give me of the time
allotted to him. Before entering, however,
upon these points, let me say that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts intimates that this
bill is a measure in behalf of freedom of oper-
ations to individuals and companies to prevent
the engrossment by a great monopoly of all the
telegraphic lines within the United States.
Now, sir, if by that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Alley] means to_convey the
idea that those who oppose this bill here are
the advocates of a monopoly, are for sustain-
ing the rights of a single corporation or of any
set of individuals at the expense of the rights
of the people of the Republic, then for one
I most emphatically disclaim and repel any
such idea. I have never raised my voice and
never cast a vote upon this floor in favor of
chartered exclusive rights to the prejudice of
the general rights of the community, and I
trust I never shall.
The first objection that exists to this bill has
been already discussed by the gentleman from
Ohio", [Mr. Fi^ck.] a member ol'the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and there-
fore I need add nothing to what he has said.
The objection is conclusive, and I challenge
any man to dispute the positions lie has taken.
This bill provides that telegraphic companies
may enter upon and occupy private property
for their purposes without making any com-
pensation whatever. Sir, that provision is in
direct conflict with that provision of the Con-
stitution which provides that private property
shall not be taken for public use except upon |
just compensation. 1 will not go over that ;
ground, but simply ask the House not to put j
itself in the position of framing a hill containing
an unconstitutional provision merely for the ■
reason that it may be remedied by the courts,
whiSli will declare that provision to be a nullity.
Another provision in this bill strikes me as
objectionable, highly objectionable, on another
ground; that is, on the ground that it goes ©
take away the general rights of the people and
give tlrem*over into the hands of a monopoly,
and that, too, a monopoly not of our own cre-
ation and not of our own regulation. I fasten
upon this bill the charge thatit has been framed
in the interests of foreign corporations claim-
ing exclusive rights; that it is designed and
tends directly to put into the hands of a cor-
poration created by a foreign Government the
power of holding exclusive communication be-
tween its shores and the shores of this coun-
try. Look at it. This bill provides that tele-
graphic wires maybe laid "over, under, or
across the navigable streams or waters of the
United States" by any company.
The "navigable waters of the United States''
include a marine league from the shore of the
ocean. Take a single instance. The govern-
ment of Cuba has chartered a telegraphic com-
pany and given to them exclusive rights upon
the shores of Cuba, to connect with the shores
of the United States. No American company
can connect with the shores of Cuba. Under
this bill any company, being authorized to go
outside of the marine league, may there enter
into an agreement with the Cuban company
by which they will have the exclusive privilege
of connecting with Cuba, of telegraphic com-
munication with Cuba, and every other com-
pany is by the terms of this bill cut off from
any such communication. And why? Simply
because so long as the power rests with Cuba
to say with whom they will connect when they
get outside of the marine league, the moment
we have given to any company the right to go
across that marine league they have nothing to
do but to make that connection and then the
Cuban company has the monopoly.
On the other hand, if we should pass such a
bill as we ought to pass, one which shall pro-
vide that no company shall be permitted to form
a connection across our marine league^ until
the Government of the country with which it
connects gives to all American companies the
same privileges upon their shores, we then
keep the matter entirely in our own hands.
Nothing short of that legislation will do it.
And until we do that this bill itself floes create
the greatest monopoly and confers the greatest
exclusive privilege upon a foreign corporation,
entirely free from our control. There are other
objections to this bill, which in the brief time
allowed me I shall have no opportunity to no-
tice. But the. two objections to which I have
referred, the one the want of constitutional
power on our part to pass this bill, the other
the giving exclusive privileges to a foreign cor-
poration, arc or should be conclusive against it.
Mr. THAYER. I would like to ask tho
gentleman from New York what section of
the bill proposes to grant power to take and
use private property without compensation.
Mr. HALE. I will answer the gentleman.
It is provided in the lirst section that—
Anv telegraph company now organized or which
may hereafter bo oreonized under the laws of any
State in this Union sliall have tho riaht to construct.,
maintain, and operate line1; of teletrraph throustl
jii'd ovc,r any portion of the public domain of tho
United States, over and aloiv,' any military or post
roads of the United States which have been or may,
hereafter be declared such by act of Congress.
" Post roads of the United States" includo
as well public highways which have been de-
clared post roads as railroads. In either case
there is a right of private property involved.
In the case of a public highway, the easement,
the servitude of travel, is in the public, while
the right to the soil is in the private individual
through whose, land it passes; and you have
uo more right to authorize a telegraph com-
pany to erect poles and stretch a wire over a
highway that crosses my land without compen-
sation to me, than you have to authorize tho
company, without making compensation, to
build a house upon my farm. In the case of
a railroad the company generally owns the
fee. but will any gentleman contend that Con-
gress has the right to authorize a telegraph
company to make their excavations and Greet
their structures on the land of a railroad with-
out compensation? All this the bill proposes
to do,
