2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
ki the amended constitutions of the southern
States, and in the laws of those States passed
since the suppression of the rebellion, I trans-
mit a report from the Secretary of State, to
whom the resolution was referred.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington', D. C., May 22, 1866.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the joint committee on
reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
clerks in treasury department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I jransmit herewith a report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, made in compliance with
a resolution of the House of Representatives,
of the 7th instant, asking for information in
respect to clerks employed in the several
Executive Departments of the Government.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C.,Mwj 22,1866.
The message and accompanying document
■were referred to the select committee on the
civil service of the United States, and ordered
to be printed.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph of the special
order terminate in one half minute after the
committee shall resume the consideration of
the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30,1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Spalding.
Mr. ^SPALDING. I will withdraw my
amendment, as I mistook the scope of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.] I greatly prefer his
amendment to my own. as he proposes to
leave the law as it now stands, with the single
change of exempting $1,000 instead of $600.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Ross to the amendment of Mr. Pike.
The amendment of Mr. Ross was as fol-
lows :
Insert after the words " a duty of five per cent, on
the excess over !-l,000" the following:
And not exceeding $10,000; and a duty of ten per
cent, per annum on the excess over §10,000 and not
exceeding S20,000; and a duty of fifteen per cent, per
annum on the excess over 8-0,000 and not exceeding
$10,000; and a duty of twenty per cent, per annum
on tlie excess over $40,000 and not cxcoeding 360,000;
and a duty of twenty-five percent, per annum on the
excess over 860,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Pike, which was as follows :
Strike, out all after the words "United States,"
where they fis?st occur in the paragraph, and insert
m hen (hereof the following:
_(h" of any citizen of the United States residing
nor',.!u. whether doiived from any kind of property,
interests, dividends, or salaries, or from any
profe^ion. trade, ^employment, or vocation carried
on in the united fctates or elsewhere, or from any
other source whatever, a duty of five per cent, on
the amount so derived over 61,000 and not exceeding
85,000; and a duty of ten per cent, on the amount
exceeding $5,000: and a like duty shall be levied,
collected, and paid upon the gams, profits, and in-
vome of every business, trade, or profession carried
on in the United States by persons residing without
the United States and not citizens tacreof.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to fhe
amendment by striking out the last clause, as
follows:
And a like duty shall be levied, collected, and paid
annually upon the gains, profits, and ineomc of every
business, trade, or profession carried on in the Uni-
ted States by persons residing without the United
States and not citizens thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Pike,
there were—ayes 61, noes 34.
Mr. HALE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hale and
Pike were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the paragraph the following;
Provided, That the amount, $1,000, exempt from
the duty of five per cent, bythis section, shall beheld
to take effect upon the assessments now being made,
and to be collected upon incomes for the year ending
December 31,1865.  
Mr. MORRILL. This cannot be carriea out.
The assessment has already been made.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were
—ayes 12, noes 55; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Ancona and
Morrill.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 14, noes 79.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the paragraph the following:
No passport shall be issued from the State Depart-
ment or by any minister, charge, or consul, to any
person unless he produces the receipt for all income
taxes imposed on him from 1862 to the date of his
application, nor shall any passport be renewed or
visfied by any minister, charge, or consul abroad,
unless the same conditions be complied with.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of the amendment last adopted the
following:
And a duty of fifteen per cent, per annum on the
excess over §50,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York. I move to
amend by inserting after the word "thereof"
in line twenty-four hundred and seventy-five
the following:
Provided, That every person, not being a house-
holder, nor having a family residing in the United
States, shall pay the aforesaid duty or tax upon the
excess over $500.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the paragraph the following:
Provided, That on all incomes derived from labor
and fixed salaries the amount so levied and collected
shall not exceed three per ccnt.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
That section one hundred and seventeen be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that in esti-
mating the gains, profits, and income of any person,
there shall be included all ineomc derived from inter-
est upon notes, bonds, and othersecuritiesof the Uni-
ted States; profits realized within the year from sales
of real estate purchased within two years previous to
the year for which income is estimated; interest re-
ceived or accrued upon all notes, bonds, and mort-
gages, or other forms of indebtedness bearing inter-
est, whether paid or not, if good and collectable, less
the interest which has become due from said person
during the year; the amount of all premium on gold
and coupons; the amount of sales of livestock, sugar,
wool, butter, cheese, pork, beef, mutton, or other
meats, hay and grain, or other vegetable or other
productions, being the growth or produce of the estate
of such person, not including any part thereof con-
sumed directly by the family; all other gains, profits,
and income derived from any source whatever: and
the share of any person of the gains and profits of all
| companies, whether incorporated or partnership, who
; would be entitled to the same, if divided, whether
i divided or otherwise, except the amount of income
' received from institutions or corporations whose
officers, as required by law, withhold a per ccnt. of
the dividends made by such institutions, and pay the
same to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue or
other officer authorized to receive the same ; and
except the salary or pay received for services in the
civil, military, naval, or other service of the United
States, including Senators, Representatives, and Del-
egates in Congress from which the tax has been de-
ducted. And in estimating the gains, profits, and
income of any person in addition to $1,000 exempt
from income tax, all national, State, county, and
municipal taxes paid within the year shall be de-
ducted from the gains, profits, or income of tbe per-
son who has actually paid the same, whether sueh
person be own or, tenant, or mortgagor; losses on sales
of real estate within the year purchased within two
years previous to the year for which income is esti-
mated; the amount actually paid for labor or inter-
est by any person who rents lands, or hires labor to
cultivate land, or who conducts any other business
from which income is actually derived; the amount
paid out for usual or ordinary repairs: Provided..
That no deduction shall bo made for any amount paid
out for new buildings, permanent improvements, or
betterments, made to increase the value of any prop-
erty or estate: And provided further, That only one
deduction of $1,000 shall be made from the aggregate
incomc of all the members of any family, composed
of one or both parents, and une or more minor chil-
dren, or husband and wife; that guardians shall be
allowed to make such deduction in favor of each and
every ward, except that in ease where two or more
wards are comprised in one family, only one deduc-
tion shall be made in their favor; and that no deduc-
tion shall be allowed in favor of persons described
as " trustees" under existing laws.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I move to amend by-
adding at the end of the paragraph the follow-
ing:
And provided further, That when any person or
persons, whose annual income from all sources does
not exceed 81,000, shall be possessed of any shares of
stock or interest in any institution or corporation
whose officers have withheld, as required bylaw, a
per cent, of the dividends made by such institu-
tions, and paid the same to the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue or other officer authorized to receive
the same, such person or persons shall be permitted
to prove and declare, under oath or affirmation, tha
amount of their said annual income, and to show by
certificate of the officers of said institution or corpo-
ration, the amount so withheld and paid overto them,
whereupon the assistant assessor, if he shall be satis-
fied with the proof, shall certify the same to the col-
lector of the district, who shall repay to the person
or persons entitled the amount so withheld and paid.
Mr. Chairman, the object and necessity of
this amendment will be apparent at a glance.
The present law has in its practical operation
borne most unjustly and partially upon a
class of persons who are least able to suffer
such injustice. If it is the purpose of this.
House to exempt incomes less than $1,000,
that object should be carried into practical
effect. But it is well known that there is a ■
large class of persons of small incomes who
have not, under'the present law received the
benefit of the S600 exemption, and who will
not under this bill enjoy the exemption of
SI,000, unless some such amendment as that
which I offer be adopted. They have been
obliged to pay a tax of five per cent, upon the
whole of their income. I refer especially to
those whose income is derived from stocks,
&c., in any corporation or institution the offi-
cers of which are required by law to withhold
from.the dividends, &e., of the stockholders a
certain amount of tax to be paid over to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. If the
amount of income from this source exceeds
$1,000, the parties are afforded an opportunity
of being credited with the amount; but if the
income does notexeeed SI,000, no such oppor-
tunity is afforded. The tax is withheld by the
bank or other institution; and under the pres-
ent law it is impossible for the party to recover
the tax thus unjustly deducted. This system
operates injuriously upon a class of persons
composed almost entirely of widows and or-
phans, whose investments are made under the
order of a court, so that they have no control
over the investment. The law in its operation
heretofore has presented this anomaly: that
while a certain amount of income has been
exempt by law these parties have been unable
to get the benefit of that exemption.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, on the face
of the gentleman's proposition it seems to be
somewhat fair, but the difficulties of carrying
it into effect, if passed, arc almost insuperable.
In the first place, there arc few people who
own bank stock to the amount of $1,000 who
do not own something else. If any injustice
be done by the provision in the bill, it will then
only be in a very small number of cases. If
we inserted the amendment into the law, it
would give an opportunity to a great many
readjustments, and it would lead to so many
difficulties that I hope it will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
