1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2787
Mr. THAYER. I move after the word
"favor" in line twenty-five hundred and
thirty-four to strike out to the end of the sen-
tence, as follows:
And that no deduction shall be allowed in favorof
persons described as " trustees " under existing laws.
Mr. Chairman, I move this amendment for
the purpose of enabling me to ask some gen-
tleman on the Committee of "Ways and Means
to explain what this means. I want the gen-
tlemen of the committee to explain what this
provision means which excludes trustees from
the privilege of making in favor of the cestui
que trust the deductions others are entitled to
make by law. I will yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to explain it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that that was introduced at
the request of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, who assigned a very good reason for
it, but which has escaped my attention at the
present time.
Mr. THAYER. I must insist on my amend-
ment, as I have no idea of "going it blind" on
the statement of any person.
Mr. HALE. What does the gentleman
mean by "going it blind?" It is a thing
strange to me.
Mr. THAYER. It is one of the expressions
of the day, and means voting for a thing on
the say-so of some other person when you
do not know who the person is or what he
says. [Laughter. ]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
no recollection of the provision or that it was
adopted in committee.
Mr. MORRILL. It may be a proper pro-
vision as I understand it, without remembering
the explanation furnished by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. The guardian of the estate
should pay the amount due without any deduc-
tion. A trustee should not get a deduction on
his own account and on account of his trust
also.
Mr. THAYER. Of course not. That is
. not the point affected by these words. The
paragraph specifies that guardians shall make
these deductions in favor of their wards, and
then it says trustees shall not make these de-
ductions. It says trustees under a deed, mar-
riage settlement, or in any other way, shall
not make these deductions. I ask the reason
for it.
Mr. STEVENS. It is unreasonable, and
there is no reason for it. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move
the following amendment:
On page 110, line twenty-five hundred and twenty-
three. after the word "repairs," add:
And ordinary expenses when absent from home
relative to matters connected with the business,
trade, or profession of such person.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment at the
request of my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Miller.] If he were here he would doubtless
explain the object of it much better than I
can. I think it is in harmony with this part
of the bill as proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means. It is well known that per-
sons engaged in business are compelled to go
abroad to promote the interests of the business
in which they are engaged. A merchant, for
instance, goes from home to purchase his
goods. The judges of the court in my State
are compelled to travel from county to county,
and receive $2,000, out of which they are com-
pelled to pay $500 and more for traveling ex-
penses. I think this deduction should be
allowed.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, in line twenty-
five hundred and forty-seven, after the word
"except" to insert the words "that portion
of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move, before the
word "loss," in line twenty-five hundred and
seventeen, to insert these words:
Loss actually sustained during the year arising
from lire, shipwreck, or incurred in trade, or debts
ascertained to be worthless, but-excluding all esti-
mated depreciation of values, and.
I offer this for the purpose of determining
what loss may be deducted in addition to those
now specified by the law. Last year it was
held by the Commissioner that no loss should
be deducted from the income which was not
incurred in some business out of which the
party derived a profit, and where the-loss
incurred overbalanced the amount of profit.
Now, I propose to extend that so that all
losses from the causes mentioned, either by
fire or shipwreck, or incurred in trade, shall
be deducted from the income. I think there
can be no objection to it, and I believe the
Committee of Ways and Means concur in the
propriety of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by inserting'
after line twenty-five hundred and thirty-six
the following:
Provided, That any gains and profits of any com-
pany, association, or partnership which shall be re-
turned and the tax thereon paid before the same
shall be divided, shall to the amount on which such
tax has been paid be exempt from tax when after-
ward divided.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I believe
that is already provided for in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not find any such provision
in it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to amend by striking
out the words "labor or" in line twenty-five
hundred and nineteen, and by inserting after
the word '' interest'' the words "and the actual
cost of labor;" so that the clause will read:
The amount actually paid for interest and the actual
cost of labor by any person who rents lands, or hires
labor to cultivate land, or who conducts any other
business from which income is actually derived.
The object of the amendment is this: as it
now stands the farmer hiring men who board
themselves charges their entire wages in his
income account, while his neighbor who boards
his own men and pays them ten dollars a month
can charge but the ten dollars in his account.
There should be an equality about it. The
actual cost of the labor should be put in the bill
in such a shape that the board might be reck-
oned in the one case as well as the other.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "purchased" inline twenty-four
hundred and eighty-six the words "within the
year or;" so as to make it grammatical, as
follows:
Profits realized within the year from sales of real
estate purchased within the year orwitbin two years
previous to the yoar for which the income is esti-
mated.
Mr. MORRILL. No pbjection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move to insert after the
word "family" in line twenty-five hundred and
thirty-three the words "and have joint prop-
erty interests;" so that it will read :
Except that in case where two or more wards are
comprised in one family and have joint property
interests only one deduction shall be made m their
favor.
This proviso in the case of wards as it now
stands seems to be ambiguous. '' Except that
in case where two or more wards are com-
prised in one family." That means. I sup-
pose, simply a residence with their guardian
as a part of one family. I presume it is only
intended to cover the case of those so con-
nected by relationship or by community of
property that they would constitute what would
be considered as one family for the purpose of
taxation only, and that I think is properly
reached by the amendment 1 propose. Not
that their property shall be necessarily all joint
property, but. if they have any joint property
interests and arc members of one family they
shall have exemption. On the other hand, if
they have no joint property-interest they should
be treated as individuals.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JEXCIvES. I move an amendment in
order to meet a point not covered by the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] to insert in line twenty-five hundred
and eighteen, after the words "two years," the
words "or upon sales of other propertyso
that the clause will read:
Losses on sales of real estate within the year pur-
chased within two years or upon sales of other prop-
erty purchased more than two years previous to the
year for which income is estimated.
The amendment already adopted excludes
estimated depreciation of property, but does
not cover actual losses from the sale of prop-
erty purchased to be held as investments, or of
which the title is derived in some other way
more than two years previous.
Mr. GARFIELD. That would never do.
It would allow a purchase twenty years ago to
come in.
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move to insert after the
word "estimated," in line twenty-five hundred
and nineteen, as follows:
But the term real estate as herein used shall not be
deemed to include mining stocks or mining claim3
where the paramount title of the lands on which the
mines or claims aro situated is in the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It seems to me the
gentleman is notaecomplishing what he desires.
This is a deduction. I suppose ho does not
desire that mining stock shall not be included
in the deduction.
Mr. BIDWELL. My object is to prevent
men from deducting losses incurred in mining
claims and mining stocks, calling it real estate.
Mr. GARFIELD. The language of the
amendmentis "mining stocks or mining claims
where the paramount title of the lands is in the
United States." As a matter of course they
would not be considered real estate. Mining
stock never was considered real estate. The
terms are so vague and indefinite that I think
we ought not to incorporate them in the law—-
certainly not "mining stock."
Mr. BIDWELL. If I am correctly informed,
there is a large number of persons who are es-
caping the payment of just taxes by saying that
their losses in mining should be deducted from
their sales of real estate. It is for the purpose
of saving to the Government the revenue that
is its just due that I want this put in.
Mr. GARFIELD. The purpose of the gen-
tleman is all right, but I think we ought not to
use so indefinite a term.
Mr. BIDWELL. I am willing to let it be
passed by for further consideration.
The amendment was not agreed to. „
Mr. DODGE. I move to insert after the
word "estimated," in line twenty-five hundred
and nineteen, the following :
Provided, That money received for leases of coal,
ore, or limestone lands which exhaust the freehold
shall be taxed as sales and not as income.
The object of the amendment is this: there
are large quantities of lands in the State of
Pennsylvania, and in other States, that are
leased on a royalty, coal lands, for instance,
for a period of ten or fifteen years, the lessees
paying ten, twelve, or fifteen cents for the coal
in the ground, and in the course of ten or fif-
teen years the entire amount of coal is ex-
hausted and the land is worthless. This amount
received from year to year is not income but it
is the proceeds of the freehold. It is the property
itself. In ten years when the coal is exhausted
the land in the mountains becomes worthless.
It is the habit of the assessors (o collect from
the farmers and others who have leased these
lands the amount they have received for the
property. It is the very life-blood of the prop-
erty that is taken. They reckon that as income.
At the expiration of the ten years there is no
income left, a.nd the owner has two or three
hundred acres of land rendered valueless be-
cause of the excavation below, or because it
was of no value except on account of the min-
eral that was there.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the amendment will
not be adopted, either in substance or in form.
It will be seen if it is inserted that it will make
nonsense of the rest of the paragraph. But it
ought not to be inserted even upon its merits.
There are many similar cases, 1 ake the farmer
