1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laios of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
additional otiehundred dollars orfractional part
thereof in excess of two hundred dollars, five
dollars: Provided, That a payment of such spe-
cial tax shall be construed to permit the person
so keeping a hotel, inn, or tavern, to furnish
the necessary food for the animals of such trav-
elers or sojourners without the payment of an
additional special tax as a livery stable keeper.
Every place where food and lodging are pro-
vided for and furnished to travelers and sojourn-
ers for pay shall be regarded as a hotel, inn, or
tavern: Provide,d, That keepers of hotels, tav-
erns, and eating-houses, in which liquors are
sold by retail, to^ be drank upon the premises,
shall pay an additional tax of twenty-five dol-
lars. The yearly rental shall be fixed and es-
tablished by the assistant assessor of the proper
assessment district at its proper value; but if
rented, at not less than the actual rent agreed
on by the parties. All steamers and vessels,
upon waters of the United States, on board of
which passengers or travelers are provided with
food or lodgings, shall be subject to and re-
quired to pay twenty-five dollars: Provided,
That any person who shall make a false or
fraudulent return concerning the actual rent
mentioned in this paragraph shall be subject
to a penalty therefor of double the amount of
the tax.
Twenty-one. Keepers of eating-houses shall
pay ten dollars. Every place where food or
refreshments of any kind, not including spirits,
wines, ale, beer, or other malt liquors, are pro-
vided for casual visitors and sold for consump-
tion therein, shall be regarded as an eating-
house. But the keeper of an eating-house,
having paid the tax therefor, shall not be re-
quired to pay a special tax as a confectioner,
anything in this [act] to the contrary notwith-
standing. And keepers of hotels, inns, taverns,
and eating-houses, having paid the special tax
therefor, shall not be required to pay additional
tax for selling tobacco, snuff, or cigars on the
same premises, anything in this act to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Twenty-two. Confectioners shall pay ten dol-
lars. Every person who sells at retail confec-
tionery, sweetmeats, comfits, or other confects,
in any building, shall be regarded as a confec-
tioner. But wholesale and retail dealers, hav-
ing paid the special tax therefor, shall not be
required to pay the special tax as a confectioner,
anything in this act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Twenty-three. Claim agents and agents for
procuring patents shall pay ten dollars. Every
person whose business it is to prosecute claims
in any of the Executive Departments of the
Federal Government, or procure patents, shall
be deemed a claim or patent agent, as the case
may be.
Twenty-four. Patent-right dealers shall pay
ten dollars. Every person whose business it
is to sell, or offer for sale, patent-rights, shall
be regarded as a patent-right dealer.
Twenty-five. Real-estate agents shall pay
ten dollars. Every person whose business it
is to sell or offer for sale real estate for others,
or to rent houses, stores, or other buildings or
real estate, or to collect rent for others, except
lawyers paying a special tax as such, shall be
regarded as a real-estate agent.
Twenty-six. Conveyancers shall pay ten dol-
lars. Every person, other than one having
paid the special tax as a lawyer or claim agent,
whose businessitistodraw deeds, bonds, mort-
gages, wills, writs, or other legal papers, or to
examine titles to real estate, shall be regarded
as a conveyancer.
Twenty-seven. Intelligence office keepers
shall pay ten dollars. Every person whose
business it is to find or furnish places of em-
ployment for others, or to find or furnish ser-
vants upon application in writing or otherwise,
receiving compensation therefor, shall be re-
garded as an intelligence office keeper.
Twenty-eight. Insurance agents shall pay |
ten dollars. Any person wb j shall act its agent
of any fire, marine, life, mutual, or other in-
surance company or companies, or any person
who shall negotiate or procure insurance for
which he receives any commission or other
compensation, shall be regarded as an insur-
ance agent: Provided, That if the annual re-
ceipts of any person as such agent shall not
exceed one hundred dollars, he shall pay five
dollars only: And provided further, That no
special tax shall be imposed upon any person
for selling tickets or contracts of insurance
against injury to persons while traveling by
land or water.
Twenty-nine. Foreign insurance agents shall
pay fifty dollars. Every person who shall act
as agent of any foreign fire, marine, life, mu-
tual, or other insurance company or companies
shall be regarded as a foreign insurance agent.
Thirty. Auctioneers, whose annual sales do
not exceed ten thousand dollars shall pay ten
dollars, and if exceeding ten thousand dollars
shall pay twenty dollars. Every person shall
be deemed an auctioneer whose business it is
to offer property at public sale to the highest
or best bidder: Provided, That the provisions
of this paragraph shall not apply to judicial or
executive officers making auction sales by vir-
tue of any judgment or decree of any court,
nor public sales made by or for executors, ad-
ministrators, or guardians of any estate held
by them as such.
Thirty-one. Manufacturers shall pay ten dol-
lars. Any person, firm, or corporation who shall
manufacture by hand or machinery any goods,
wares, or merchandise, not otherwise provided
for, exceeding annually the sum of one thousand
dollars, orwho shall be engaged in the manufac-
ture or preparation for sale of any articles or
compounds, or shall put up for sale in packages
with his own name or trade-mark thereon any
articles or compound, shall be regarded as a
manufacturer.
Thirty-two. Peddlers shall bo classified and
rated as follows, to wit: when traveling with
more than two horses, or mules, the first class,
and shall pay fifty dollars; when traveling with
two horses, or mules, the second class, and
shall pay twenty-five dollars; when traveling
with one horse, or mule, the third class, and
shall pay fifteen dollars; when traveling on
foot, or by public conveyance, the fourth class,
and shall pay ten dollars. Any person, except
persons peddling only charcoal, newspapers,
magazines, Bibles, religious tracts, or the prod-
ucts of his farm or garden, who sells or offers
to sell at retail, goods, wares, or other com-
modities, traveling from place to place in the
town or through the country, shall be regarded
a peddler: Provided, That any peddler who
sells, or offers to sell, distilled spirits, fermented
liquors or -wines, dry-goods, foreign or domes-
tic, by one or more original packages or pieces,
at one time, to the same person or persons, or
who peddles jewelry, shall pay fifty dollars:
Provided further, That manufacturers and pro-
ducers of agricultural tools and implements,
garden seeds, fruitand ornamental trees, stoves
and hollow-ware, brooms, wooden-ware, char-
coal, and gunpowder, delivering and selling at
wholesale any of said articles, by themselves or
their authorized agents, at places other than
the place of manufacture, shall not therefor be
required to pay any special tax: Provided fur-
ther, That persons who shall sell shell or other
fish or both, traveling from place to place, and
not from any shop or stand, shall be required
to pay five dollars only; and no special tax
shall be imposed for selling shell or other fish
from hand-carts or wheelbarrows.
Thirty-three. Apothecaries shall pay ten
dollars. Every person who keeps a shop or
building where medicines are compounded or
prepared according to prescriptions of physi-
cians, or where medicines are sold, shall be
regarded as an apothecary. But wholesale and
retail dealers, who have paid the special tax
therefor, shall not be required to pay a tax as
an apothecary: nor shall apothecaries who have
paid the special tax be required to pay the tax
as retail dealers in liquor in consequence of
selling alcohol, or of selling or of dispensing,
upon physicians' prescriptions, the wines and
spirits officinal in the United States and other
national pharmacopoeias, in quantities not ex-
ceeding half a pint of either at any one time,
nor exceeding in aggregate cost value the sum
of three hundred dollars per annum.
Thirty-four. Photographers shall pay ten
dollars. Any person who makes for sale pho-
tographs, ambrotypes, daguerreotypes, or pic-
tures, by the action of light, shall be regarded
a photographer.
Thirty-five. Tobacconists shall pay ten dol-"
lars. Any person, firm or corporation whose
business it is to manufacture cigars, snuff, or
tobacco in any form, shall be regarded a to-
bacconist.
Thirty-s'.x. Butchers shall pay ten dollars.
Every person whose business it is to sell butch-
ers' meat at retail shall be regarded as a butch-
er: Prorided, That no butcher having paid the
special fax therefor shall be required to pay the
special tax as a retail dealer on account of
selling other articles at the same store, stall, or
premises: Provided further, That butchers who
sell butchers' meat exclusively by themselves
or agents, traveling from place to place, and
not from any shop or stand, shall be required
to pay five dollars only, any existing law to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Thirty-seven. Proprietors of theaters, muse-
ums, and concert halls, shall pay one hundred
dollars. Every edifice used for the purpose of
dramatic or operatic or other representations,
plays or performances, for admission to which
entrance money is received, not including halls
rented or used occasionally for concerts or
theatrical representations, shall be regarded as
a theater: Provided, That when any such edi-
fice is under lease at the passage of this act the
tax shall be paid by the lessee, unless otherwise
stipulated between the parties to said lease.
Thirty-eight. The proprietor or proprietors
of circuses shall pay [one] hundred dollars.
Every building, tent, space, or area, where
feats of horsemanship or acrobatic sports or
theatrical performances are exhibited, shall be
regarded as a circus: Provided, That no special
tax paid in one State shall exempt exhibitions
from the tax in another State. And but one
special tax shall be imposed for exhibitions
within any one State.
Thirty-nine. Jugglers shall pay twenty dol-
lars. Every person who performs by sleight of
hand shall be regarded as a juggler. The pro-
prietors or agents of all other public exhibitions
or shows for money, not enumerated in this
section, shall pay ten dollars: Provided, That
a special tax paid in one State shall not exempt
exhibitions from the tax in another State. And
but one special tax shall bo required for exhi-
bitions within any one State.
Forty. Proprietors of bowling alleys and
billiard rooms shall pay ten dollars for each
alley or table. Every place or building where
bowls are thrown or billiards played, and open
to the public with or without price, shall be
regarded as a bowling alley or billiard room,
respectively.
Forty-one. Proprietors of gift enterprises
shall pay one hundred and fifty dollars. livery
person, firm, or corporation who shall sell or
offer for sale any real estate or article of mer-
chandise of any description whatsoever, or any
ticket of admission to any exhibition^ or per-
formance, with a promise, express or implied,
to give or bestow, or in any manner hold out
the promise of gift or bestowal of any article
or thing for and in consideration of the purchase
by any person of any other article or thing, shall
jibe regarded as a proprietor of a gift enterprise.:
i; Provided. That no such proprietor, in conse-
j! quence of being thus taxed, shall be exempt
'I from paying any other tax imposed bylaw, and
; i the special tax herein required shall be in nd-
!' dition thereto.
