1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
we mean to be understood. There is no such
confusion in the act by which Tennessee was
made a State, for it describes as the State, not
a given political organization, but certain in-
habited territory. There is no such confusion
in the national Constitution. Read that pro-
vision of the Constitution which makes it the
duty of the United States to guaranty to each
State a republican form of government and
see how clearly the distinction is made. Lan-
guage could not*say more plainly that the State
and its government are two distinct things.
One is very necessary to the other ; but they
are not identical. I am not saying that a State
cannot be destroyed; nor shall I here under-
take to show what might be effected in this
direction by an act or declaration of Congress
touching the status of an insurgent State. I
take the case as we now have it before us.
Nevertheless, it is true—and this is tne great
fact with which wc have to deal—that every
insurgent State became utterly disorganized.
The State governments were transformed into
agencies of treason, and became, like the pre-
tended southern confederacy itself, of no va-
lidity whatever, and no more entitled to con-
sideration than any other lawless creation of
treason. This necessarily withdrew those States
from practical relations with the Government,
and it suspended their representation in Con-
gress, for such representation implies an organ-
ized State, with a government duly recognized
by Congress as valid and republican Those
States (lid not separate themselves from the
nation, but they were no longer organized
States of the Union. Before they can return
to the condition from which they fell they must
be loyally reorganized, with forms of govern-
ment duly recognized by Congress as satisfac-
tory ; and all this with due regard to the fact
that the nation has in those States not only the
rights of sovereignty, but also, superadded to
these, the belligerent rights of conquest. It
seems to me impossible for the joint reso-
lution to mean more than this; therefore, I
insist that it should not appear to say more.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat earnestly the expres-
sion of my hope that it will be shown, at the
proper time, that Tennessee is acceptably re-
organized and securely loyal. For the sake
of the noble Union men of that State, who
have fought no many desperate battles with the
wild beasts and arrogant devils of secession
treason, I desire this; and I desire it for the
sake of the whole nation. But when it is shown
that a State which has been made insurgent,
and desolated by treason, has been truly re-
stored, some points should be made very plain.
I will specify some things which in such a
case should be shown clearrly ; but, instead of
attempting to make out a complete bill of par-
ticulars, I shall indicate in two or three general
propositions what seems to me necessary.
In the first place, we ought to see that the
work of reconstruction has been regulated by
a due sense of the fact that treason is a crime
to be punished and made odious. Nothing in
this House moves me to more wonder and
amazement than the cool, audacious nonchal-
ance with which this consideration is frequently
disregarded. The tone and style, as well as
the meaning, of some gentlemen on this floor
in their talk of the conquered traitors and their
present relation to the Government,'furnish
material for a new study of the mysterious pos-
sibilities of human nature. Tliey perpetually
discuss this subject on the assumption that the
late insurgent communities are full of heavenly
minded loyalists, who are grievously wronged
and terribly persecuted, and whose angelic de-
votion to the Union is brutally insulted, buffeted,
tormented, and trodden into the dust by the
great Union party of the loyal States. Accord-
ing to this talk, the men who saved the nation
are disunion traitors, and impenitent rebels are
godlike patriots; and all the venerable axioms
of civil liberty are brought forth, repeated very
dolefully, and befouled for their benefit in the
most shocking way. I know of nothing to
match this talk unless it be the audacity of
Jefferson Davis and his associates, when they
claimed a constitutional right to be let alone
in their effort to destroy the Republic, and
denounced interference with their agencies of
mischief as unconstitutional. Do these gentle-
men forget that bloody treason was organized
in those communities ? And do they no longer
see that treason is a crime? Have they ceased
to remember that traitors, reduced to the con-
dition of conquered belligerents, have forfeited
all their rights under the Constitution?
Not for the sake of vengeance, not for the sake
of any ungenerous passion, nor to secure merci-
less exactions, should we keep alive the con-
sciousness that treason is a crime, but to save
the nation from ruin and give it permanent se-
curity. We are now establishing precedents
for all the future ; and shall these precedents
say to the people and the States of this Union,
"Treason is a trifling affair; rebellion is an
excusable irregularity; you may conspire against
the nation, organize treason, marshal armies
under its banner, and wage a desolating war
against the Government for months or years,
with the full assurance that on being conquered
or becoming tired of the war you may haughtily
return to your old places and your old influence
in the Union without serious question, as if
nothing important had happened?'' I cannot
believe that any true friend of the Republic
desires this, for here is the way to disunion,
endless civil war, and hopeless ruin. By pur-
suing such a policy we should strike a far more
terrible blow at the life of the nation than was
ever possible to the confederate traitors we
have conquered and disarmed.
In the second place, it should be shown
clearly that effective guarantees have been
established against a return of the rebel spirit
to political control of the country, or of any
part of it. Testimony, which no reasonable
man should call in question, shows abundantly
that in many of the southern communities
treason, although conquered, is still quite un-
changed in spirit. Baffled in its war against
the Government, it now plots, conspires, and
waits to reach its ends by other methods. It
could not easily bo otherwise immediately
after the overthrow of rebellion in the field,
unless human nature should change its usual
fashions and tendencies. Careful investiga-
tion will discover the extent to which this
defiant mood of disloyalty is still prevalent.
Doubtless it is much more menacing and dan-
gerous in some localities than in others. For
this and oilier reasons the case of each State
professing to be reorganized should be con-
sidered and decided by itself; but any recon-
struction that does not effectually restrain the
rebel spirit, put it under bonds to keep the
peace, and exclude it from political control of
the restored States, fails to secure what the
welfare of the nation demands.
General Thomas is known to the country as
one of the ablest, bravest, best, most judicious,
and most trustworthy men in the Army. Read
the following passage from his testimony before
the committee, concerning the present mood of
the rebel spirit iu the localities where he has
observed it:
" Question. Have you any reason to believe that
the rebels still entertain hopes of another outbreak,
or that any considerable portion of them do?
"Answer.- I have received communications from
various personsin the South that there was an under-
standing anions the rebels, and perhaps organiza-
tions formed, or forming, for the purpose of earning
as many advantages tor themselves as possible; and
I have heard it also intimated that theso men were
very anxious and would do all in their power to in-
volve the United Slates in a foreign war, so that if a
favorable opportunity should offer they might turn
against Hie United States. I do not think they wilt
ever again attempt an outbreak on their own account,
because they all admit that they had a fair trial in
the late rebellion and sot thoroughly worsted. There
is no doubt but what there is a universal disposition
among the rebels in the South to embarrass the Gov-
ernment in its administration if they can, so as to
gam as many advantages for themselves as possible.
"Question. In what would their ad vantages consist?
In breaking up the Government?
"Answer. They wish to be recognized as citizens of
the United States, with the same rights they had
before the war.
" Question. How can they do that by involving us
in a war with England or France, in which they would,
take part against us?
"Answer. In that ovent their desire is to reestab-
lish the southern confederacy. They have not yet
given up their desire for a separate government, and
if they have an opportunity to strike for it again,
they will do so.
"Question. Does the intelligence in regard to those iff
organisations reach you from such authentic sources
as^to command your belief of their existence ?
"Answer. Yes; it comes from very trustworthy-
men.
Mr. Speaker, is there in all this broad land
an honest lover of his country who would re-
store such men to political power, and place in
their hands any great interest of the nation?
This_ is not an ordinary political question, in-
volving merely the success or defeat of a polit-
ical party; it is a question in whichare the issues
of life or death for the Republic itself. To
adopt any policy or sanction any adjustment
that would open the way for thgse men to as-
sume again their old political influence, rees-
tablish their old machinery of intrigue, get con-
trol of the Government, and make the rebel
influence supreme over all the great interests
affected by the legislation of Congress, would
be not only an act of supreme folly; but also an
act of foul treachery to the nation and its loyal
defenders.
Observe carefully that we meet here a de-
mand of the conquered traitors for political
power. They have been terribly defeated in
the field, and not being able to overthrow the
Government by force of arms they now haugh-
tily insist on a right to come hack and rale it.
And they put forth this demand without an
emotion of penitence for treason, without a sign
of regret for the bloodshed and desolation they
have caused; oti the contrary, they are proud
of what they have done, and in the communi-
ties they control a record filled with treason and
rebellion is the surest passport to public favor.
Shall such men have their will and dictate the
terms on which they will henceforth live under
the Government? Hot unless we mean to make
confederate treason victorious in the new field
of its endeavor. No considerations of policy,
no eloquence of magnanimity, no mesmeric
charm of the siren expediency, can hide the
overwhelming fact that it would bo a crime more
damnable than treason ilself to make a final
settlement of this terrible war with treason by
such a submission to the enemy.
Men who have conspired and warred against
the Government, and are still unchanged in
spirit, men such as are described in the testi-
mony of General Thomas, should be compelled
to stand back and feel for a time the disabilities
of treason. Let them bo content with no fur-
ther molestation on account of the past, and
satisfied to enjoy in quiet the lives they have
forfeited. Impenitent treason is unfit to use
political power in the nation it lias sought to
destroy, and certainly has no right to demand
it. But it is sought in the spirit of menace
and for the purposes of conspiracy. Who does
not understand that the immediate result of
an adjustment tliat-should grant this demand
would be an eager alliance and organization
of all the elements in the country that have
been unfriendly to the Government, during tha
war? In such a combination the disloyal south-
ern spirit always has been, and always will be.
the supreme director and oracle; and should
this formidable combination succeed, should it
gain all the political power at which defeated
treason now aims, who does not know that every
interest of the couutry, its credit, the payment
of the public debt, the pensions, and other pro-
visions for our disabled soldiers, every meas-
ure involving the honor, good faith, and welfare
of the nation, and the very destiny of the Re-
public, would be at the mercy of the men who
controlled that "southern confederacy" of
traitors? Under their malignant rule there
would be a work of reconstruction at which
every true patriot and every man who has the
slightest interest in the national credit or the
national honor might well shudder and stand
aghast. Then should we see the grand carnival
of triumphant treason, allowed through our
wicked folly and false magnanimity to rise
from overwhelming defeat to supreme victory.
In the third place, we need to, see plainly that
effective provision is made far protection of
