348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Forty-two. Owners of stallions and jacks
shall pay ten dollars. Every person who keeps
a horse or a jack for the use of mares, requir-
ing or receiving pay therefor, shall be regarded
as the owner thereof, and shall furnish a state-
ment to the assessor or assistant assessor, which
shall contain a brief description of the animal,
its age, and place or plaees where used or to
be used: Provided, That all accounts, notes,
or demands for the use of any such horse or
jack, the owner or keeper thereof not having
paid the tax as aforesaid, shall be void.
Forty-three. Lawyers shall pay ten dollars.
Every person who for fee or reward shall pros-
ecute or defend causes in court of record or
other judicial tribunal of the United States or
of any of the States, or whose business it is to
gi\ e legal advice in relation to any cause or
mutter whatever, shall be deemed to be a law-
yer.
Forty-four. Physicians, surgeons, and dent-
ists shall pay ten dollars. Every person (ex-
cept apothecaries) whose business it is, for fee
and reward, to prescribe remedies or perform
surgical operations for the cure of any bodily
disease or ailing, shall be deemed a physician,
surgeon, or dentist.
Forty-five. Architects and eivil engineers
shall pay ten dollars. Every person whose
business it is to plan, design, or superintend
the construction of buildings, or ships, or of
roads, or bridges, or canals, or railroads, shall
be regarded as an architect and civil engineer:
Provided, That this shall not include a practi-
cal carpenter who labors on a building.
Forty-six. Builders and contractors shall pay
ten dollars. Every person whose business it
is to construct buildings, or vessels, or bridges,
or canals, or railroads, by contract, whose re-
ceipts from building contracts exceed two thou-
sand five hundred dollars in any one year, shall
be regarded as a builder and contractor.
Forty-seven. Plumbers and gas-fitters shall
pay ten dollars. Every person, firm, or cor-
poration, whose business it is to fit, furnish,
or sell plumbing material, gas-pipes, gas-burn-
ers, or other gas-fixtures, shall be regarded a
plumber and gas-fitter.
Forty-sight. Assayers, assaying gold and sil-
ver. or either, of a value not exceeding in one
year two hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
shall pay one hundred dollars, and two hun-
dred dollars when the value exceeds two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, and does not
exceed five hundred thousand dollars, and five
hundred dollars when the value exceeds five
hundred thousand dollars. Any person or per-
sons or corporation whose business or occupa-
tion it is to separate gold and silver from other
metals or mineral substances with which such
gold or silver, or both, are alloyed, combined,
or .united, or to ascertain or determine the
quantity of gold or silver in any allay or com-
bination with other metals, shall be deemed an
assayer.
Forty-nine. Miners shall pay ten dollars.
Every person, firm, or company, who shall em-
ploy others in the business of mining for coal,
or for gold, silver, copper, lead, iron, zinc,
spelter, or other minerals, not having paid the
tax therefor as a manufacturer, and no other,
shall be regarded as a miner: Provided, That
this shall uot apply to any miner whose receipts
as such shall not exceed, annually, one thou-
sand dollars.
Fifty. Express carriers and agents shall pay
ten dollars. Every person, firm, or company,
engaged in the carrying or delivery of money,
valuable papers, or any articles for pay, or
doing an express business, whose gross receipts
therefrom exceed the sum of one thousand dol-
lars per annum, shall be regarded as an express
carrier: Provided, That but one special tax of
ten dollars shall be imposed upon any one per-
son, firm, or company, in respect to all the
business to be done by such person, firm, or
company, on a continuous route, and the pay-
ment of such tax shall cover all business done
upon such route by such person, firm, or com-
pany, anywhere in the United States; and such
tax shall be required only from the principal
in such business, and not from any subordi-
nate: Prodded further, That draymen and
teamsters owning only one dray or team shall
not be required to pay such tax.
Fifty-one. Grinders of coffee or spices shall
pay one hundred dollars. Any person who
manufactures or prepares for use and sale, by
grinding or other process, coffee, spices, or
mustard, or adulterated coffee, spices, or mus-
tard, or any article or compound intended for
use in the adulteration of or as substitutes for
coffee, spices, or mustard, shall be regarded as
a grinder of coffee or spices: Provided, That
any person who shall roast coffee for use and
sale shall be required to pay t.he special tax
herein imposed upon grinders of coffee or
spices.
That seetion eighty_ be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following: that the special
tax shall not be imposed upon apothecaries,
confectioners, butchers, keepers of eating-
houses. hotels, inns, or taverns, or retail deal-
ers, except-retail dealers in spirituous and malt
liquors, when their annual gross receipts shall
not exceed the sum of one thousand dollars,
any provision of law to the contrary notwith-
standing; the amount of such annual receipts
to be ascertained or estimated in such manner
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
prescribe, as well as the amount of all other
annual sales or receipts where the tax is grad-
uated by the amount of sales or receipts; and
where the amount of the tax has been increased
by law above the amount paid by any person,
firm, or company, or has been understated or
underestimated, such person, firm, or company
shall be again assessed, and pay the amount of
such increase: Provided, That when any per-
son, before the passage of this act, has been
assessed for a license, the amount thua assessed
being equal to the tax herein imposed for the
business covered by such license, no special
tax shall be assessed until the expiration of the
period for which such license was assessed.
That section eighty-one be amended by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: that nothing
contained in the preceding sections of this act
shall be construed to impose a special tax upon
vintners who sell wine of their own growth at
the place where the same is made ; nor upon
apothecaries, as to wines or spirituous liquors
which they use exclusively in the preparation
or making up of medicines; nor shall physi-
cians be taxed for keeping on hand medicines
solely for the purpose of making up their own
prescriptions for their own patients; nor shall
farmers be taxed as manufacturers or produ-
cers for making butter or cheese, with milk from
their own cows, or for any other farm products:
Provided, That the payment of any tax im-
posed by law shall not be held or construed to
exempt any person carrying on any trade, busi-
ness, or profession, from any penalty or pun-
ishment provided by the laws of any State for
carrying on such trade, business or profession
within such State, or in any manner to author-
ize the commencement or continuance of such
trade, business, or profession, contrary to the
laws of such State, or in places prohibited by
municipal law; nor shall the payment of any
tax herein provided be held or construed to
prohibit or prevent any State from placing a
duty or tax for State or other purposes on any
trade, business, or profession, upon which a
tax is imposed by law.
That section eighty-six be amended by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: that any
person, firm, company, or corporation, manu-
facturing or producing goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, sold or removed for consumption or
use, upon which taxes are imposed by law,
shall, in their return of the value and quantity,
render an account of the full amount of actual
sales made by the manufacturer, producer, or
agent thereof, and shall state whether any part,
and if so, what part, of said goods, wares, and
merchandise, has been consumed or used by the
owner, owners, or agent, or used for the pro-
duction of another manufacture or product, to-
gether with the market value of the same at tlfe
time of such use or consumption ; whether such
goods, wares, and merchandise were shipped
for a foreign port or consigned to auction or
commission merchants, other than agents, for
sale; and shall make a return according to the
value at the place of shipment, when shipped
for a foreign port, or according to the value at
the place of manufacture or production, when
removed for use or consumption, or consigned
to others than agents of the manufacturer or
producer. The value and quantity of the goods,
'wares, and merchandise required to be stated
as aforesaid shall be estimated by the actual
sales made by the manufacturer or by his agent.
And where such goods, wares, and merchan-
dise have been removed for consumption or
for delivery to others, or placed«on shipboard,
or are no longer within the custody or control
of the manufacturer or his agent, not being in
his factory, store, or warehouse, the value shall
be estimated at the average of the market value
of the like goods, wares, and merchandise at
the time when the same became liable to tax.
That section eighty-seven be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: that
any person, firm, company, or corporation who
may now be engaged in the manufacture of
tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or who shall hereafter
commence or engage in such manufacture, be-
fore commencing, or, if already commenced,
before continuing such manufacture for which
they may be liable to be assescd under the
provisions of law, shall, in addition to a com-
pliance with all other provisions of law, furnish
to the assessor 6r assistant assessor a statement,
subscribed under oath or affirmation, accurately
setting forth the place, and, if in a city, the
street and number of the street where the man-
ufacturing is, or is to be carried on, the name
and description of the manufactured article,
and, if the same shall be manufactured for or
to be sold and delivered to any other person
or party, the name and residence and business
or occupation of the person or party for whom
the said article is to be manufactured or to
whom it is to be delivered, and generally the
kind and quality manufactured or proposed to
be manufactured ; and shall give a bond to the
United States, with one or-more sureties to be
approved by the collector of the district, in the
sum of three thousand dollars for each cutting-
machine kept for use ; in the sum of one thou-
sand dollars for each screw-press kept for use
in making plug or pressed tobacco ; in the sum
of five thousand dollars for each hydraulic press
kept for use ; in the sum of one thousand dol-
lars for each snuff mull kept for use; and in
the sum of one hundred dollars for each person
employed by said person, firm, company, or
corporation in making cigars : conditioned that
he will comply with all the requirements of
law in regard to the manufacture of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars; that he will not employ others
to manufacture cigars who have not obtained
the requisite permit for making cigars ; that he
will not engage in any attempt, by himself or
by collusion with others, to defraud the Govern-
ment of any tax on any manufacture of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars; that he will render truly
and correctly all the returns, statements, and
inventories prescribed for manufacturers of
tobacco, snuff, and cigars; that whenever he
shall add to the number of cutting-machines,
presses, snuff mulls, or cigar makers, used or
employed by him, he will immediately give
notice thereof to the collector who holds the
bonds that he will pay to the collector of the
district all the taxes which may or should be
assessed and due on any tobacco, snuff, or
