2788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
•who raises tobacco. We may say he _sells his
land, because if he continues to cultivate to-
bacco on the same land from year to year in
four years the land is worthless unless it is
recuperated by putting on an amount of manure
that would be equal to the value of the land.
Take the case of timber. If a man sells tim-
ber from his land he often sells off all the value
there is in the land. Now, if we go into this
question we shall be compelled to go much fur-
ther than the gentleman proposes. Therefore
I think we had better not adopt it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to add at the end of
the paragraph this additional proviso:
And provided further. That any gains and profits
of any company, association, or partnership which
shall be returned and the tax. thereon paid beforethe
same shall be divided, shall to the amount on which
such tax has been paid be exempt from tax when
afterwards divided.
I was told that that provision was already
made in the bill. I find that the provision
alluded to does not cover the point I had in
mind at all. The provision in the bill is this:
And thesharo of any person of the gains and profits
of all companies, whether incorporated or partner-
ship, who would be entitled to the same, if divided,
whether divided or otherwise, except the amount of
income received from institutions or corporations,
whose officers, as required by law, withhold a per
cent, of the dividends made by such institutions,
and pay tho same to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue or other officer authorized to receive the
same.
There are many cases where the corporation
carfnot divide it up. But by this provision the
individual stockholder is required to return
the undivided profits of the company or asso-
ciation, and when he returns that it is consid-
ered as a part of his income and taxed, and
afterward when the company or association
makes the dividend the company or associa-
tion must pay the tax. Now, if we would do
justice and prevent the payment of the tax
twice over, it seems to me the amendment I
have offered should be adopted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If I un-
derstandtheamendmentof the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] I can see no necessity
for it. No corporation makes a return; only
persons are called upon to make returns. I
think his amendment would only obstruct the
operation of the law, and I hope it will not be
adopted.
The amendment of Mr. Davis was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert a pro-
vision ihat was omitted by mistake. It is the
provision of the present law, with the change
to §1,000 from §000. I move to add to the
paragraph the following:
And provided further, That in cases where the sal-
ary or other compensation paid to any person in the
employment or service of the United States shallnot
excced the rate of £1,000 per annum, or shall be by
fees, or uncertain or irregular in the amount or the
time during which the same shall have accrued or
been earned, such salary or other compensation shall
be included in estimating tho annual gains, profits,
or income of the person to whom the same shall have
been paid, in such manner as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury, may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read aa follows:
That section one hundred and eighteen be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that it shall
be the duty of all persons of lawful age to make and
render a list or return, in such form and manner as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, to the assistant assessor of the district in
which they reside, of the amount of their income,
gains, and profits, as aforesaid; and all guardians
and trustees, or any person acting in any other fidu-
ciary capacity, shall make and render a list or return,
as aforesaid, to the assistant assessor of the district
in which such guardian or trustee resides, of tho
amount of income, gains, and profits of any minor
or person lor whom they act as guardian or trustee;
and the asiistantassessor shall require every list or
return to be verified by the oath or affirmation of
tho party rendering it, and may increase tho amount
of any list or return, if he has reason to believe that
tho same is understated; and in case any person,
guardian, or trustee shall neglect or refuse to make
and render such list or return, or shall render afalse
or fraudulent list or return, it shall be the duty of
the assessor or the assistant assessor to make such
list, according to the best information he can obtain,
by the examination of such person, and his books
and accounts, or any other evidence, and to add fifty
per eont. as a penalty to the amount of the duty due
on such list in all cases of willful neglect or refusal to
make and render a list or return, and in all cases of
a false or fraudulent list or return having been ren-
dered, to add one hundred per cent, as a penalty, to
the amount of duty ascertained to be due, the duty
and the additions thereto as penalty to be assessed
and collected in the manner provided for in other
cases of willful neglect or refusal to render a list or
return, or of l endering a false and fraudulent return :
Provided, That any party, in his or her own behalf,
or as guardian or trustee, shallbe permitted to declare,
under oath or affirmation, the form and manner of
which shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, that he or she, or his or her ward
or beneficiary, was not possessed of an income of
S3,000, liable to bo assessed according to tho pro-
visions of this act; or may* declare that he or she
has been assessed and paid an income duty elsewhere
in tho same year, under authority of the United
States, upon his or her income, gains, and profits,
as prescribed by law; and if the assistant assessor
shall be satisfied of the truth of the declaration, shall
thereupon be exempt from income duty m said dis-
trict; or if the list or return of any party shall have
been increased by the assistant assessor, such party
may exhibit his books and accounts, and be permit-
ted to prove and declare, under oath or affirmation,
the amount of annual income liable to be assessed;
but such oaths and evidence shall not be considered
as conclusive of the facts, and no deductions claimed
in such cases shall be made or allowed until approved
by the assistant assessor. Any person feeling ag-
grieved by the decision of the assistant assessor in
such cases may appeal to the assessor of the district,
and his decision thereon, unless reversed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall be' final,
and the form, time, and manner of proceedings shall
be subject to rules and regulations to be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the para-
graph by inserting after the words "and in
case any person, guardian, or trustee shall
neglect or refuse to make and render such list
or return, or shall render a false or fraudulent
list or return, it shall be the duty of the as-
sessor or the assistant assessor," the following:
After notice to the party so neglecting or refusing,
or making or rendering such false or fraudulent re-
turn, and after a reasonable hearing being afforded
to such party.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Speaker resumed the chair, and
the House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. ra.
EVENING SESSION.
The Ilouse reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
TAX BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the Ilouse resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
. The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 518) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Hale, to insert after the words
"and in case any person, guardian, or trustee
shall neglect or refuse to make and render
such list or return, or shall render a false or
fraudulent list or return, it shall be the duty
of the assessor or assistant assessor," the
following:
After notice to the party so neglecting or refusing,
or making or rendering such false or fraudulent re-
turn, and after a reasonable hearing being afforded
to such party.
Mr. HALE. I do not propose to urge a
vote to-night up.on the amendment which I
have proposed, after conversation with some
of the members of the Committee of Ways
and Means; but I wish to call the attention
of the committee very briefly to what strikes
me as a palpable defect of this paragraph, which
ought to be remedied, and toward which the
amendment I proposed was directed." When
I proposed this amendment I did not consider
it sufficient to cover the whole case. I offered
it merely as pointing in that direction, and
with a view of putting it into a proper form
hereafter. This paragraph as it now stands
corresponds in many respects with the provis-
ions of a previous section of the act which I
understand has been considered in Committee
of the Whole at a time when I was not present,
but which I understand has been reserved for
future consideration.
In both these "sections—the fourteenth and
the one now under consideration—very vague,
general, and loose language is used, which is
upon its face susceptible of what strikes me at
least as very dangerous constructions. This
paragraph provides that an assistant assessor
may increase the amount of a list or return, if
he has reason to believe that the amount is un-
derstated. It provides that in ease of refusal
to make a return he may prepare a return ac-
cording to the best, information he can obtain.
It provides that, if he shall come to the con-
clusion that a party has rendered a false or
fraudulent list or return, he shall have power
to make a new return for the party. It does
not provide in terms that he shall give any
notice or hearing to the party interested in
either of these cases; but it does provide that
he may go on and impose a penalty, in the one
instance of fifty per cent., and in the other of
one hundred per cent. It has come within my
personal knowledge that it has been assumed
by assistant assessors that they have power on
ex parte evidence, without any hearing of the
party, to make up a corrected return in lieu of
what they have been pleased to consider a false
and fraudulent return, and to impose a penalty
for such false and fraudulent return.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. HALE. For the purpose of concluding
what I desire to say, I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word.
Now, sir, I do not believe that such a construc-
tion of this paragraph was contemplated by the
framers of the law. I doubt if that be the fair
construction of the paragraph as it stands. If
that be the proper construction of the para-
graph, I certainly have no doubt that it is in
violation of every principle of law, and it is, I
believe, an unconstitutional provision. I there-
fore wish that this section and the fourteenth
section, both upon the same general subject,
and both seeking to attain the same general
end, shall be so modified as to provide for a
proper hearing, and a proper examination,
both in the case where a person neglects to
make a return, and where a person is charged
with making a false return, and that in the
latter case the question may be brought before
a competent tribunal which shall have power,
according to the Constitution, and according
to settled principles of law, to impose the pen-
alty which the law seeks to impose.
In conformity, therefore, to the suggestions
which have been made by other members of
the Committee of the Whole, including some'
members of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I will, if it be acceptable to the committee,
withdraw my amendment, with the understand-
ing that this paragraph shall pass over for fur-
ther consideration in connection with the four-
teenth section, which has already been passed.
I trust that a carefully prepared and proper
substitute maybe found both for.this para-
graph and for that, so that theobjections which
I have pointed out may be obviated.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
to the understanding that this paragraph shall
be reserved for action hereafter?
Mr. ALLISON. I will not object, if it be
understood that it shall be open to amendment
with reference only to the points presented by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. I desire that it should bo
amended purely with reference to the machin-
ery of the act—the manner of making returns
and imposing penalties.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
such will be the understanding.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and nineteen be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that the duties
on incomes herein imposed shall bo levied on the 1st
day of May, and bo due and payablo on or before tho
