8748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
amendment to the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Smith Jailer is entitled to a seat as
a Representative in the Thirty-Ninth Congress from
the twenty-first distriet of Pennsylvania.
Mr. PAINE addressed the House for an hgur.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SCOFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I have not yet commenced
my argument in this ease.
Mr. INGEIiSOLL. Is it in order to move
to extend the time of the gentleman from
Wisconsin? ^
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have the floor, I believe.
Mr. INGEIISOLL. I supposed I made my
motion in time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I obtained thailoor, and
object to being taken off it witho* my con-
sent. I was going on to say that I had no
objection to the gentleman from Wisconsin
going on and finishing his speech if the House
is*willing that he shall do so. I was going to
ask the House to grant him an opportunity to
continue his speech.
Mr. PAINE. I do not ask any such privi-
lege. I'shall have an opportuflity to close this
debate.
Mr. SPALDING. mI desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if there is any prob-
ability that a vote will be taken on this question
this evening.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know nothing about it.
I shall only occupy ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to give notice that
as soon as this case is closed I shall call up the
report of the select cbmmittee on the recent
breach of privilege. "
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, this is a
question which involves, to so!he> extent, the
right of soldiers of Pennsylvania to vote. We
had before us here a question involving the
right of the soldiers of Michigan to vote, in
the early part of this sessiop. But this is not
a case like that. That depended upon the
constitution of the State; but when it was as-
certained in Pennsylvania that the soldiers
had no right to vote the.grea^ anxiety of
the public to extend to them this high privi-
lege induced them to amend their constitution,
and, under, the amended constitution, the Le-
gislature passed an act providing the place,
manner," and form under yhieli the soldiers
should cast their votes.
The law of Pennsylvania as it stood prior to
the passage of that act, as respected the home
vote, under the decisions of our courts, waived
almost all of what may*be termed technicali-
ties in the returns,* and determined that where
* ever a return was sufficiently intelligible to be
understood by the judges who*were«to act upon
the case, the voters' will should be registered.
But for fear that even that little remnant of
■ formality might not be understood by our sol-
•diers distant in the field and in the camp, the
Legislature of Pennsylvania further provided
that " no mere informalities in the manner of
carrying out or executing any of the provisions
of>tne %ct should invalidate any election held
under the*same or the ^eturijs thereo'f," using
the word*" return," as a Legislature is always
bound to do it, in a telchniciTl sense.*
Now, jir, I would not say a single wSrd about
this case but for one thing. I know the fair-
ness and industry of my colleagues upon the
Committee of Elections. I know the vast amount
of labor that is imposed upon them, and I ad-
mire the impartiality with which they have at-
tempted to diseharg'e their duty. I would not,
for the mere sake of determining whether my
friend in front of me [Mr. Dawson] should
occupy the seat, or the contestant outside-[Mr..
■ Fuller] should occupy it, say a single word.
We have majority enough now, and there is no
need of another vote. But I believe the com-
mittee have done a great wrong to the Legisla-
ture and soldiers o^Pennsylvania in the con-
struction which they have given our laws. Our
courts have construed pur laws for home vot-
ing, where we h&ve experienced and intelligent
■ clerks to perform the duties, to mean simply
that you shall have an intelligible return, cov-
ering, as some here hold, even the oath of office,
under presumption that the officers have dis-
charged their duties and taken the oath when
it is not legally certified. But to make the sol-
diers doubly sure of thqjr votes the Legislature
passed this act, in addition to our judicial de-
cisions, providing that no mere informality or
omission of form should s^t aside the soldiers'
return. They designed to make allowance for
the haste, the inconvenience, and inexperience
of the camp, and give effect at home to the
absent warrior's vole, however informally cast.
I am unwilling to see this House, even upon
the recommendation of the committee, pass
sentence of disfranchisement upon these sol-
diers and of condemnation upon the law.
The majority of the committee have made
two mistakes: one of law, in the construction
of the soldiers' voting act; and the other of
fact, in the rejection of votes, even according
to their own wrong construction of that law.
The correction of either their mistake of law
or their mistake of fact will give- the contest-
ant the seat. Their mistake in law consists in
construing the soldiers' voting act out <rf exist-
ence. It amounts to a judicial repeal of the
sections that waive informalities and omissions.
Instead of giving the soldier greater latitude
than is given to the clerk at home, they have
given him less. They not only require that the
returns must be perfect, but even that the oaths
take by the officers must be drawn up in full,
and signed and certified to by the person that
administers them, and some of the committee
go further than this, and demand a perfect
tally-list and poll-book in addition. By this
construction they exclude from the count a
large number of soldiers' votes; some for each
candidate, to be sure, but between thirty and
forty more of those cast for Mr. Fuller than for
Mr. .Dawson. This changes the majority of
16 for Mr. Fuller into a majority of 15 for Mr.
Dawson. But even under this erroneous con-
struction of the law Fuller would still have a
majority of 2 if they had not committed another
error in the application of tlreiiv own rule to the
facts.
I will pow ^riefly call the attention of the
House to the mistakes in fact. I am not going
to refer to them; only enough to show that
their majority of 15 for Dawson should be a
majority of 2 for Fuller, if they would only
follow their own badrule of construction. The
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mt-Paike] admits
that if we count all the votes that were re-
turned, leaving out of question the formalities
which are supposed to be wanting, the contest-
ant has a majority of 16 votes.
Mr. PAINE. I admit just this: that if you
count all the votes that appear upon the papers
presented to us by the* contestant, and which
he calls "returns," then he has a majority of
16 votes. Butl do not admit that votes enough
were ever returned from military precincts,
either to the prothonotary's office in Pennsyl-
vania, or to the office of the secretary of the
Commonwealth, to give the contestant a major-
ity of 16. I do not know how that is; but I do
know that no proof of anything of the kind has
ever been made to the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Wis-
consin reasserts his admission instead of rc-
•tracting it. If all the returns, informal and
otherwise, are to be counted, the contestant,
as he states, has a majority of 10 votes. But
when you come to apply the technical rules,
which to some extent the gentleman from Wis-
consin indorses, and which I believe the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Dawes] indorses
to a greater extent—for he is a great admirer
of forms—and to count these votes in accord-
ance with them, then you exclude thirfy or
forty more for the contestant than you do for
the sitting member.
Mr. PAINE. I beg the gentleman to allow
me to interrupt him for one moment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There are two or three
gentlemen who are intending to reply to me,
and I only want ten minutes in all. However,
if it is only for a question, I will yield.
Mr. PAINE. That is all I want; I do not
want to make a speech. Will the gentleman
be kind enough to tell this House whether he
regards the return in the case of Camp Ham-
ilton as anything upon which this House can
act?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall not reply to the
gentleman just now by giving him an answer
about Camp Hamilton, because votes from
other camps are in issue now.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to say to this House that the return in the case
of Camp Hamilton is nothing but the oaths
and the certificates of oaths, without any poll-
book, tally-list, or anything to show how the
votes were cast?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it counted or not?
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman, I understand,
insists that it shall be counted.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No, sir; I do not insist
upon any such thing. If the gentleman will
compose his nerves and, as he has spoken-an
hour, listen to me for ten minnteslie will prob-
ably see what I do propose to count'and what
I do not. I am only stating now that after the
votes which have been returned formally and
informally have been counted the contestant
has a majority of 16; and by counting out a
portion of those votes, taking from the list ia
favor of the contestant 30 or 40 more than
they do from the sitting member, they give liim
a majority of 15. That is, they count off the
16 majority that the contestant has, making
them even, and then they count off 15 more
from the contestant, leaving the sitting member
15 ahead.
Now, sir, I am going to content myself with
taking only the three returns which the gentle-
man from Wisconsin has discussedfand I sub-
mit to the House whether, even under their con-
struction of the law of Pennsylvania—wrong a8
that construction is, unjust as it is to the soldiers
and to the Legislature of our State—the com-
mittee have not made sufficient mistakes in the
application of their own rule to give the con-
testant the seat.
Company A, one hundred and fifty-fifth
regiment, the gentleman from Wisconsin him-
self admits, ought to be counted. There are
7 votes for Fuller. He contends, however, that
the report made some time ago in the case
of Koontzi>s. Coffroth by the majority of that
committee, contains a few words* which are
adverse to the counting of those votes. I deny
that even that bad precedent can justify the
exclusion. The gentleman cannot lean even
upon that decision, wrong as it is, bccause in
that case it was only the certificates of oaths
that were wanting. If there is any phrase-
ology employed by the majority of the com-
mittee which goes further than the facts, it is
not warranted by the case. It is what we call
obiter dictum, and if it were contained in the
decision of a court, woul'd not be regarded as
of binding force.
If gentlemen will take the large book, called
"No. 2," and turn to pages 59 and 60, they
will find a full return of company A, one hun-
dred and fifty-fifth regiment, and then below
it the oaths taken by the officers and the cer-
tificate of the oaths. It was the absence of
the certificate of oaths, in tins case to whicli
the gentleman has referred™hat caused the
exclusion of the soldiers' votes. Now, sir,
before we had adopted in Pennsylvania the law
which waives formalities in favor of the soldier
the return would have been counted by any
court in our State under the old law, which did
not waive formalities at all. That question has
been decided over and over again ; and the de-
cisions of Pennsylvania courts on this question
were presented'to the committee. Thus, sir,
there are 7 votes which the gentleman from
Wisconsin concedes should be subtracted
from the 15, leaving the sitting member only 8
according to his own count.
Now, sir, take the votes returned from Lin-
coln hospital. The majority of the committee
occupy two pages of the report in the endeavor
to show that the votes returned from Lincoln
hospital should not be counted. It would, in
my humble judgment, take many more pages
