1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
complished, right or wrong. It is an evil, if it
be one, -without remedy. The States will not
adopt it. They will stand upon the Constitution
their fathers gave them. They will claim for
themselves, and in myjudgment even to the point
of revolution, and I say it in no threatening
sense, because such a proposition is not before
us, but if it was they would claim even to the
point of revolution that they should have a right
to regulate suffrage within their own limits.
That brings me to consider whether they have
" not that right. The honorable member from
Massachusetts has gravely told us in a speech
elaborate in its preparation and full of the learn-
ing which ejer characterizes the performances
of the honorable member, that they have 110
right now, except only sy long as Congress shall
forbear to exercise its own power of regulating
the right of suffrage. He derives the power so
to regulate State suffrage from the declaration
of rights ; from the necessity growing out of the
war; from that clause of the Constitution which
guaranties to each State a republican form of
government; and, finally, from the second clause
of the recent amendment to the Constitution
abolishing slavery. I will take these four up
in their order, for the purpose of showing to
the Senate that neither of them has the slight-
est application—I speak it with all respect to
the honorable rpember—to the proposition for
which he referred to them.
The question is, what did our fathers de-
sign? Where was the regulation of suffrage to
be left? Until modern time—and I mean by
modern time the last three or four years—no
man was so wild as to imagine that the suffrage
was not exclusively for State jurisdiction. The
Constitution went into operation in 1789; and
during the long period that elapsed from that
time to the breaking out of this rebellion, no
man anywhere suggested that it was in the
power of Congress to interfere with the right
of suffrage in the States; and it could not be
otherwise, the Constitution from its very nature
being a grant of specific powers, and nothing
else. The principle is stated, with that rare
felicity which characterized everything that
came from his pen, by Chancellor Kent, in
the first volume of his Commentaries in these
words:
"The Constitution of the United States is an instru-
ment containing the grant of specific powers, and the
Government of the Union cannot claim any powers
but what are contained in the grant, and given either
expressly or by necessary implication, the powers
vested in the State governments by their respective
constitutions or remaining with the people of the
several States prior to the establishment of the Con-
stitution of the United States, continue unaltered and
unimpaired exccpt so far as they are granted to tne
United States."
I suppose that even the honorable member
from Massachusetts will not deny that it was
for Massachusetts to regulate her suffrage before
1789; and if it was, she has the power still, un-
less she has agreed to part with it by devolving
it upon the General Government. Is there a
word in the Constitution that intimates such a
purpose? The second section of the first article
deals exclusively with the manner in which the
members to compose the House of Represent-
atives of the United States are to bo selected.
It says in the first part of the clause nothing at
all as to the right of suffrage. It provides, ''the
House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the
people of the several States." If it had stopped
there, it might perhaps be contended that it
would have been in the power of the Congress
of the United States to regulate the manner in
which the people of the States were to choose
Representatives; but the trouble is that it goes
on to say who are ,to be the electors of the Rep-
resentatives that are to compose in point of
numbers the House; and it says, "and the
electors in each State," that is to say the vot-
ers in each State, for "electors" as used here,
is synonymous with "voters"' —
"And the electors in each State shall have the qual-
ifications requisite for electors of themostnumerous
branch of the State Legislature."
Who at that time was clothed with the power
of prescribing the qualification of electors for
the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature? The State; nobody else. The provis-
ion therefore means and is to be read in this
way: the House shall be composed of members
chosen every second year by the-people, and
the electors in each State shall be" entitled to
vote in the choice of such Representatives if
they have the qualifications prescribed by their
own constitution and laws for choosing the most
numerous branch of their own State Legisla-
ture. Except in that clause, and another clause
to which I shall refer presently, there is noth-
ing in the instrument that says anything about
the election of Representatives.
The honorable member has quoted Mr. Madi-
son. He supposes that Mr. Madison was of the
opinion that the right of suffrage might be con-
trolled by Congress. He referred to the fifty-
fourth number of the Federalist, and I think
the honorable member attributed that paper
to Mr. Hamilton. About that, as I am sure he
is aware, there are more than serious doubts.
It was given to Mr. Jay by Mr. Hamilton ; but
it was uniformly claimed by Mr. Madison. The
edition which I hold in my hand was prepared
as far as that particular question was concerned
under the advice and inspection of Mr. Madi-
son ; and in it be takes to himself the author-
ship of number fifty-four ; and I rather think,
from a frequent and careful examination of
these papers as written by the three eminent
men to whom the country is so much indebted
for their production, that the style is more the
style of Madison than of Hamilton. It is more
precise, and I was about to say more perspic-
uous because it is more precise. Hamilton was
more in the habit of adorning his papers than
Madison.
Now, what does Mr. Madison, or whoever
is the author of number fifty-four, say? If
the honorable member from Massachusetts will
listen for a moment, 1 think he will see that ho
took it for granted that the States alone could
regulate the franchise. The number is that
which deals with the ratio of representation.
I will read from it a sentence or two :
" It is not contended that the number of people in
each State ought not to be the standard for regulat-
ing the proportion of those who are to represent the
people of each State. The establishment of thosame
rule for the apportionment of taxes will probably be
as little contested,"
Then he goes on to state that, under all the
circumstances, there is no better way of ascer-
taining the proportion of taxes which the sev-
eral States should bo made to pay than adopt-
ing- the same standard by whicli the basis of
representation was arrived at. The South was
dissatisfied with one portion o£-the provision,
and the North was dissatisfied with another
portion. The South insisted that if their ne-
groes were to be considered as persons at all
the whole number should be counted. The
North insisted that if they were to be consid-
ered as property no portion jdiould be counted.
Mr. Madison, after stating the objection to the
clause made by each party, says that it is a
fundamental principle of the proposed Consti-
tution that the aggregate number of Represent-
atives was to be determined by a Federal rule
founded on the aggregate number of the inhab-
itants. He goes on to slate, as another funda-
mental rule, that the right of choosing that
number shall bo left to the States. I shall make
myself better understood by citing his lan-
guage:
"It is a fundamental principle of the proposed
Constitution that, as the Ofrgre^ate number of llep-
rescntatives allotted to the several States is to be
determined by a .Federal rule, founded on the aegre-
eate number of inhabitants, so the risht of choosing
this allotted nmnbei in each State is to be exorcised
by sueh part of tho inhabitants as the State itself
may designate." . ®
Words could not have been adopted more
obviously leading to the conclusion that in the
opinion of the writers of the Federalist, the
States were to have the sole right of regulating
the suffrage; otherwise what a contradiction
would bo the result. The honorable member
from Massachusetts says we have a right to regu-
late the suffrage in the States, because we have
the right to regulate the number of Representa-
tives in the other House. How are we-to regni
late the suffrage in the choice of metabers of
Congress? It is not proposed to'rescind %hat
part of the provision which says that they are
to be chosen- by the electors who choose this
most numerous branch of the State Legislature;
That is to be left; that you do mot ipropose to
disturb; and if you do not propose to disturb
it, what you would be compelled to do in order
to accomplish your object is to have one mode
of electing Representatives to Congress and
another mode of electing members of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature. But
nobody dreams of interfering with the right of
the States to regulate suffrage with reference
to their own officers, or of interfering wi£h the
right of the Stales to appoint their own officers,
or to elect their own officers, and to prescribe
the qualifications which the electors of their own
officers are to have. Nobody has ever dreamed
that this Government was to. step within the
limits of State lines and tell the States how their
Legislatures shall be elected, how their officers
shall bo chosen. If the honorable member is
right in the theory for which he contends, it
would follow that we should have one mode for
the exercise of the right of suffrage in electing
Representatives, andanothermode, if the States
thought properto adopt another mode, for elect-
ing members of the most numerous branch of
the State Legislature; and yet the Constitution
in its very terms prescribes that the mode of
electing shall be the same. If you have no right—<•
and that I assume in what 1 am now about to
say—to interfere with the elective franchise by-
prescribing the qualifications of voters in the
several States, is it right, is it just, is it fair that
you should attempt to do it indirectly ?
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator
there ?
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator passes
from that part, of his argument, if he will allow
me, I wish to call his attention to a point on
which I should like very much to have his opin-
ion. The Senator is aware that last Friday we
passed an act containing this provision:
That all persons born in the United States and not
subject to any ioreign Power (excluding Indians not
taxed) arc hereby declared to be citizcns of the Uni-
ted States, without distinction of color; and there shall
be no discrimination in civil rights or immunities
among the inhabitants of any State or Territory of
the United States oil account of l-ace, color, or pre-
vious condition of slavery.
Now, fis I understand it, this act, which, as
the Senator will see, actually annuls all State
laws everywhere throughout the United States
fixing any inequality in civil rights so far as it
has constitutional sanction—and 1 do not doubt
that it has constitutional sanction—is founded
upon the second clause of the recent amend-
ment to the Constitution abolishing slavery.
Now, the point to which I ask the attention of
the Senator before he passes from this branch
of the discussion—I shall value very much his
conclusion upon it—is whether, if we can annul
all State laws declaring inequality in civil rights,
we cannot also annul all State laws declaring
inequality in political rights; whether if this act
is constitutional, as I believe it is, sueh an act
as I propose would not also be constitutional.
And in that connection I would call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the famous judgment of
Chief Justice Marshall (which he remembers
so well i in the case of McCulloch vs. The State
of Maryland, where the Chief Justice distinctly
declared, having the point before him, that it
was within the power of Congress to select its
means, provided the means were appropriate
to the end ; it was not for the Supreme Court,
or any other branch of the Government, to sit
in judgment on the means that Congress chose
to select. Therefore, if Congress shall now
think that in order to enforce the abolition of
slavery it is necessary, in the first place, to
annul all inequality of civil rights, and in the
second place to annul all inequality of political
rights, I ask the Senator whether a proposition
founded on llie latter branch of the postulate can
be called in question ; whether an act pf Con-
gress annulling all State laws declaring any
