£66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
inequality of political, rights is not absolutely
constitutional.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was my purpose, Mr.
President, before ceasing to trouble the Senate,
to allude to the proposition to which the honor-
able member has just called my special atten-
tion ; but I can dispose of it now in a word or
two.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will par-
don me; but I thought he was passing from that
branch of the question; otherwise I should not
have interrupted him.
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps it was more con-
nected with this branch of my argument than
any other, but it was not the branch of it in
which I had proposed to refer to that proposi-
tion.
• Mr. SUMNER. Then I beg the Senator's
pardon, and I hope he will go on with his argu-
ment without reference to my interruption.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is nothing to ask
pardon for. I am obliged to the honorable
member for interrupting me at any time. I was
about to say, before coming regularly to the
consideration of the subject to which the hon-
orable member draws.my attention, that he will
of course recollect that I have stated more than
once that the bill upon which he now relies is
unconstitutional. As far as it is an authority,
Vith me it has no weight whatever except that
weight which belongs to the respect I habitually
pay to the opinions of the Senate when they
happen to differ from my own. But even sup-
posing it to be within the power of Congress to
pass a law of that kind, it by no means follows
that I think it has power to pass a law placing
all the inhabitants of the States on the same
political ground.
When the honorable member from Massachu-
setts interrupted me for a purpose of which of
course I do not complain, I was asking whether
it -was right or proper to do this thing in the
way proposed. The joint, committee reported
an amendment to the Constitution ; and 1 think
perhaps none of them is of the opinion that it
can be done in any other way than by a change
of the Constitution; certainly that is my own
opinion. If it be right that such a change should
be.effected by a constitutional provision, is it
not proper that it should be accomplished in
that way, instead of accomplishing it indirectly?
Why is it that we are afraid to trust the peo-
ple? Are Senators on that side of the Cham-
ber afraid to trust the people of their respective
States with the decision of this question; and
if they are apprehensive, what is the ground of
their apprehension? That they believe it would
not be sanctioned. They have reason to be-
lieve that they have the numbers now which
will enable them to adopt this amendment, and
that the consequence of this amendment will
be to effcct what they desire in the southern
States without its producing the slightest effect
in the northern States.
I had hoped, Mr. President, that the time
had passed when we were to esteem ourselves
as different peoples. Our fathers esteemed us
as one. The Constitution deals with us as one.
As one the Government from its organization
has been conducted. All of our triumphs in
the field and in the council, upon the land and
upon the ocean, have been won by us as one.
And I ask if it is not a mischievous proposition
that Senators are unwilling to leave a change
of the Constitution, which they propose to ac-
complish indircctly, to the people of the sev-
eral States? Can it be for any other reason
than that it would not be adopted? Would
Connecticut adopt it? Recently she voted
against that change in her own State by east-
ing a majority of two thousand nine hundred
and six against it. Would Minnesota adopt
it? She voted against it by a mnjority of eight
thousand six hundred and eighty-five. Would
Wisconsin adopt it? Her vote against it was
a majority of seventeen thousand five hundred
and Unity-nine. Do you think they will change
their opinion? Do you not know that they
have not changed? And yet so far as the
result is concerned upon the influence of the
representation of those States in the councils
of the nation, it would be as nothing compared
with the result which it would have upon the
State of Maryland and other southern States.
How, then, do you propose to accomplish
it? You say to States situated like mine, "We
will reduce your representation if you do not
let your negroes vote. We will not permit ours
to vote, and you cannot present to us an induce-
ment which will lead us to let ours vote; we
have considered that question already, and we
have decided it by a judgment which we have
no idea of reversing; but we will put it to you
in such a shape that unless you agree to it, the
number of your representatives in the halls of
Congress will be very sensibly diminished."
Would you, gentlemen, do you think you would
—I do not ask you to say now at once, any of
you, but when you come coolly to reflect upon
the operation of a provision of this description-
would either of you agree to vote for it if the
influence of it on your States was to be the
same as it will be upon some of the southern
States? Would you do it if we changed places ?
If in the dispensation of Providence the three
million negroes were to find a home within the
northern States and separated equally as among
all the northern States, is there any man within
the hearing of my voice who will coolly reflect
upon the subject, who will not come to the con-
clusion that no representative from a northern
State would venture to support a proposition
which would diminish the representation of his
State.and relatively increase the representation
of the sister States? 1 apprehend not. It is
because the proposed measure does not affect
you as it affects us, that you may safely vote
for it. It is because, whether it be adopted or
not, your power and your influence in the Gov-
ernment remain the same, it having no opera-
tion upon you, but operating and designed to
operate exclusively upon us.
Nobody has a higher esteem than myself for
the members of the committee reporting this
measure, whom I have the pleasure personally
to know. I know that they are governed by
what they believe to be pure motives. They
think the denial of the right of suffrage to the
blacks of the southern States is calculated to
injure the whole country. They have brought
themselves to believe that the possession of the
right of suffrage by the blacks will promote the
safety and quiet of the country. In my opinion
it is a sad mistake. Jtisasad mistake for both.
I« is a mistake in reference to the blacks to be
found within the southern limits, and with refer-
ence to the whites. It is a still greater mistake,
if possible, to-the people of the other States.
We have come out of this war with an immense
debt, to meet which will require all the energies
of the Government. There is not a foot of land
that, we should not have cultivated in order to
enable us to meet our engagements. The pe-
culiar productions of the South above all should
be promoted. You think, perhaps, there is
nothing in this measure which will interfere
with either. I think you are sadly mistaken.
Leave the blacks as they are, protected by the
Constitution of the UnHed States in every right
which belongs to a freeman, entitled to claim
the benefit of all the guarantees of personal
liberty and protection to be found in the Con-
stitution of the United States, as much as the
white man. Leave him to work for his living,
as the white man works for his living. Leave
him free to contract, as heis. Leave him under
the protection of laws that will enable him to
enforce his contracts, as he is. Leave him to
educate himself, as far as nature will permit,
until he can raise himself to the elevation of the
white race, as I think he iftfty; and then, if pos-
sible, change your organic law; then, if possi-
ble, forget that nature has made the distinction.
The God of the white man and the God of
the black man—I speak it with due reverence
—is the Being who first made a distinction on
account of color. Why was the negro created
black? It is beyond the ken of man to ascer-
tain. Why were we created white ? Is not the
mere difference in color sufficient to warn us that
Heaven designed a difference ? , And have not
some of you acted on the fact that there is such
a difference ? Why is that separate places for
the respective races even in your own Chamber?
Why are they not put together? There is not
a man within the sound of my voice—certainly
1 am not one—who has any feeling against the
black race. There is nothing in the world that
I am capable of doing that 1 would not do to
elevate them. In a professional life of now
more than fifty years' duration, 1 never failed
to give them the benefit of my advice and
services. But I feel with an instinct that na-
ture has planted within us, and they perhaps
feel it as strongly as we do, that nature has
created the distinction, and there it must re-
main as long as white is white and black is
black.
But by this amendment you not only seek
to reduce (by appealingto our supposed love of
power) the number of Representatives to which
we are entitled, and forcing us thereby to yield
our convictions, but you increase the amount
of our taxation. The Constitution said that the
mode of ascertaining taxation shall be the same
as the mode of ascertaining representation.
That mode was to deduct two fifths from that
portion of the population which was held in a
state of servitude. You have done away with
that provision. You therefore now say that
unless we agree to let, every black man vote who
possesses the qualification of age the whole num-
ber of the race is to be deducted in the basis of
representation ; but when we come to the ques-
tion what proportion of taxes we are to pay,
the whole number, instead of three fifths, is to
be counted, so that the operation of the amend-
ment is to diminish representation and increase
taxation. Is that right? I think, and I have
suggested it in another place, that the true rule
would be to apportion representation according
to voters, and taxation according to wealth.
That is fair; that operates alike everywhere.
What does California do ? What does Oregon
do? What does Nevada do? They exclude the
Chinese altogether ; and yet they are counted
in thebasisof representation. They form apart
of the basis upon which those Stales claim to
be represented in Congress. But we, instead
of having Chinamen whom we will not permit
to vote, have colored men: and because they
are colored we lose representation while you
retain it, because your Chinamen arc not "col-
ored" in the sense in which the term "colored"
is used. Now, I ask Nevada and Oregon if it
is correct to claim for themselves one rule and
to exact, as against us another.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to suggest, that
under this amendment I do not think Chinamen
can be counted.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly they will be
counted in the whole number.
Mr. STEWART. But not in the basis of rep-
resentation under this amendment. 1 think the
same rule would operate on Chinese as on ne-
groes, for they are '' colored.'' The provision of
the amendment is in reference to exclusions on
account of race or color.
Mr. JOHNSON. You are very much mis-
taken. Your State will be the first to say, "We
are entitled to just as many Representatives
after this amendment passes as before." If
you think \ our people will be satisfied with
losing any part of their representation, I sub-
mit it to you, perhaps you had better recon-
sider before you give this vote, because you may
lose, and will lose.
Mr. STEWART. I think the Pacific coast
would lose representation under this amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Y'ou would either lose or
you would not lose. If you would not lose, it
is because you would not fall within the pro-
viso ; and it is unjust for you to apply to us a
provision which you are not willing to apply to
yourselves. If you do lose because you fall
within the proviso, then look to it.
Mr. KtRKWCOD. _ Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
