3750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
referred to the Committee on Printing to report
' upon.
Mr. LB BLOND. I do not know who is re-
sponsible for thia omission, whether the Com-
mittee on Printing or the Pablic Printer, but
unless it was a mere accidental omission it eer-
•tainly merits the censure of this House. It is
just as necessary that the minority report should
go to the country as the majority.
The S PEAK ER. The gentleman has raised
his question. The majority report was ordered
to be printed on the 8th of June; the minority
on the 10th. eleven days afterward. The House
subsequently ordered a certain number of copies
of the testimony to be printed. It may pos-
sibly solve the "difficulty if the Committee on
Printing examines the matter.
Mr. GRIDER. The report of the majority
of the committee is the first matter contained
in this" volume. The testimony comes after
that, although it was taken long before there
was a majority report.
"The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman from Kentucky of the fact of which
he must be well aware, as an old member of
Congress, that whenever a report with testi-
mony is printed the report always precedes the
testimony.
Mr. GRIDER. I desire to state that the
minority report was ordered to be printed two
days after the majority report was ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that it was eleven days after.
Mr. GRIDER. After that the chairman of
the copmittee on reconstruction on the part
of the House [Mr. Stevexs] moved for the
printing of an increased number, and he him-
self moved that the reports both of the major-
itv and minority should be printed.
"Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
object to further discussion on this matter. If
gentlemen opposite want further investigation
into this matter let them have it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Let us have the order
to print read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Journal shows that the majority report was
made upqjj the 8th of June and the minority
report upon the 19th of June.
Mr. GRIDER. I do not want to be misap-
Brehended. I knew the reports were so made.
iut leave was granted to the minority to make
o report immediately after the majority report
was received.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire some, action on
this matter: but as this book has already been
published I do not exactly see how any cor-
rection can be made now.
The SPEAKER. If any wrong has been done,
however, it can be reported to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is due
that the facts which appear on the record
should be known, and that can only be done
l)y a reference to the Committee on Printing.
_Mr. LE BLOND. I move the reference of
this matter to a select committee of five, with
instructions to ascertain why this book is pub-
lished in violation of the orders of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to a select committee, and move that the sub-
ject be referred to the Committee on Printing
and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. What is the question
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The point made by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lb Blond] is that
an order of the House has not been complied
with.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Do I understand the
gentleman from Ohio to make such a specific
charge as that?
l'he SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
has stated at some length the facts upon which
lie bases the charge.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Washburxe, of Illinois; and there were—ayes
47, ttoes 86 ? no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Mr. Le Blond, were appointed.
*Mr. LE BLOND. Inasmuch as there is
probably no quorum present, I am willing to
let tjlis question stand over until to-morrow.
I move, therefore, that the House do now
adjourn. ■.
The motion was agreed*to_;<gtnd thereupon
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petition?, &c., were presented under
the ruin and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ANCONA: The memorial of Charles W.
Pott, asking to have tho provisions of an act increas-
ing the rates of pensions in certain cases extended to
him.
By Mr. 1IXJLBTJRD: The petition of Edward A.
Persons fur America*] enrollment and license of tho
schooner George Harvey, &c., late of Toronto.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Messrs. Daniel
S.-Clurg, William W. Hall, and William B.Rogers,
sureties for J. J. Simpkins, deceased, late collector
for the port of Norfolk, Virginia, appealing to tho
justice of Congress to be released from the payment
of a certain amount of money which remained in
tho hands of tho said Simpkins on the breaking out
of the late war, which amount was ordered by John
Letcher, then Governor of the State of Virginia, to
bo surrendered to tho treasury of that State, the
order being communicated to Simpkins through Gen-
eral Benjamin Huger, then commanding the army in
and near tho city of Norfolk, then in arms against
the United States, and having full power to onforce
the order.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 12, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
exbctjtivs#commdnication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of tho Navy, transmitting, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 19th of March
last, a report from Rear Admiral Charles H.
Davis, Superintendent of the Naval Observa-
tory, in relation to various proposed lines for
interoceanic canals and railroads between the
waters of the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES subsequently said: I move to
reconsider the vote by which the communica-
tion from the Navy Department was referred
to the Naval- Committee. I understand that it
is in relation to the routes of transit across the
Isthmus of Darien, and was called for by a res-
olution of the Senator from California, [Mr.
Confess.] It is not properly a naval-.ques-
tion. I suggest that the document bo permit-
ted to lie on tho table until he shall be in the
Senate, and then he can make such -a disposi-
tion of it as he chooses.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the vote will be regarded as
reconsidered, and the communication will lie
on the table.
Mr. CONNESS afterward moved the refer-
ence of the communication to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and the mo-
tion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the. memorial of
Richard H. Bryan, a loyal citizen of Stafford
county, Virginia, praying for compensation for
supplies furnished to the Army during the war ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of
dealers in cutlery and hardware in Baltimore,
complaining of the excessive duties proposed
by the pending tariff bill to be imposed upon
imported cutlery and hardware ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
315) for the relief of inhabitants of towns and
villages in the Territories of New Mexico and
Arizona, have had it under consideration.
This bill refers entirely to land titles and to
modifying the homestead bill, &e., and does
not properly belong to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. I move that that committee be dis-
charged from it and that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from tJie Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
404) to regulate the selection of grand and
petit jurors in the Territory of Utah, and for
other purposes,, reported it with amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 420) to revive and continue in force
the provisions of an act granting public lands
in alternate sections to the State of Mississippi
to aid in^the construction of railroads in said
State, and for other purposes, approved Au-
gust 11, 1856, reported it without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 419) repealing an act entitled "An act re-
pealing certain provisions of law concerning
seamen on board public and private vessels of
the United States," approved June 28, 1864,
reported it without amendment.'
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 074) to establish additional offices for tho
assay of gold and silver, and for other purposes,
re-ported it with an amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 415) to amend an act entitled "An
act to grant the right of preemption to certain
settlers on the Soscol ranch in the State of
California," reported adversely thereon, and
moved the indefinite postponement of the bill;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by a ma-
jority of the Committee on the Judiciary,- to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 102) construing and giving effect to the
joint resolution entitled "A resolution for the
relief of the State of Wisconsin," approved
July 1, 1864, to report it back with an amend-
ment; and I am also instructed by the same
committee, to whom was referred a memorial
of the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Com-
pany on that subject, to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration.
registers to vessels.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 727)
declaratory of an act entitled "An act author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
registers to vessels in certain cases," approved
February 10, 1806, have directed me to report
it back with two amendments, and to recom-
mend its passage. The bill has to go back to
the House of Representatives, and if there be
no objection I should like to have it considered
now. It is very brief.
Bv unanimous^ consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It declares
that the act approved on the 10th day of Feb-
ruary, in the year 1866, entitled "An act fur-
ther to regulate the registering of vessels,"
shall not be deemed or construed to affect or
limit the operation of the act approved on the
23d day of December, 1852, entitled ' 'An act
authorizing the Secrelary of the Treasury to
issue registers to vessels in certain cases," or
the practice under the same, but it shall be in
full force and effect, anything in the act first
named to the contrary notwithstanding.
•The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce was in line five, after the
word "act," in tho quotation of the title of
the act of February 10, 1866, to strike out the
word "fourth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines ten and
eleven to strikeout the words " or the prac-
tice under the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments bp, on-
grossed and the bill be read the third time.
