2790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. BERGEN. Not as an amendment to
this section.
Mr. MORRILL. I would say to the gentle-
man. that his amendment is entirely impracti-
cable, because one half of the people do not
have any income at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment is now offered
to another section of the bill.'
Mr. BERGEN. The object of this section
is to catch dodgers. [Laughter.] I hold that
evety American citizen ought to pay his fair
share toward the support of the Government.
Now, many go to Europe and remain there to
evade paying their share of the expenses of the
Government. They claim the protection of
the Government while they are there. When
they are compelled to travel from, place to
place they call upon our ministers and other
agents for passports. They then ash the assist-
ance of our Government. The only way that
I can see in which we can catch these parties
and make them pay their share of our taxation
is to refuse them passports until they have paid
their share of our taxes. If my amendment
would not reach such parties, I hope some
member of the committee who is more conver-
sant with the matter than I am will so amend
it as to put the matter in such condition that
they will be reached.
Mr. MORRILL. I hardly think that we
should gather any very great increase of rev-
enue from the provision of the gentleman if it
should be adopted, and I think it is wholly
impracticable. A passport is not so essential
in visiting foreign countries that every person
needs one. I do not think that one half of
the persons going abroad stop to think of the
necessity of taking a passport; and it will be
noticed that this amendment applies to every
one. Whether the party pays an income tax
or not, he must show a receipt that he has
paid one every year for the past four years.
Mr. BERGEN. I call for tellers on my
amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Onpage 114, in line twenty-
six hundred and eight, I move to strike out
the word "and" and insert "or" in lieu
thereof; so that it will read:
And to any sum or sums annually duo and unpaid
after the 30th of June, as aforesaid, and for ten days
after notice and demand thereof by the collector,
there shall be levied in addition thereto the sum of
ten per cent, on the amount of duties unpaid, as a
penalty, exceptfromthe estates of deceased or insolv-
ent persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
That ection one hundred and twenty be amended
by striking out the proviso to said section and insert-
ins in lieu thereof the following: Provided, That
the tax or duty upon the dividends of life insurance
companies shall not be deemed due until such divi-
dends are payable; nor shall the portion of premiums
returned by mutuallife insurancecompaniesto their
policy holders, nor the annual or semi-annual inter-
est allowed or paid to the depositors in savings banks
be considered as dividends.
That section one hundred and twenty-three be
amended by striking out all after the enaeting clause
and inserting in lieu thereof the following: that
there shall be levied, collected, and paid on all sal-
aries of officers, or payments for services to persons
in the civil, military, naval, or other employment or
service of the United States, including Senators and
Representatives and Delegates in Congress, when
exceeding tho rate of $1,000 per annum, a duty of five
per cent, on the excess above the said £1,000; and it
shall be the duty of all paymasters and all disburs-
ing officers under the Government of the United
States, or in the employ thereof, when making any
payments to officers and persons as aforesaid, or upon
settling and adjusting the accounts of such officers
and persons, to deduct and withhold the aforesaid
duty of five per eeut., and shall, at the same time,
make a certificate stating the name of the officer or
person from whom such deduction was made, and
the amount thereof, which shall be transmitted to
the office of tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and entered as part of the internal duties; and the
pay-roll, receipts, or account of officers or persons
paying such duty as aforesaid, shall be made to ex-
hibit the fact of such payment. And it shall be the
duty of the several Auditors of theTreasury Depart-
ment, when auditing the accounts of any paymaster
or disbursing officer, or any officer withholding his
salary from moneys received by him, or when set-'
tling or adjusting the accounts of any such officer, to
require evidence that the duties or taxes mentioned
in this section have been deducted and paid ovor to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue: Provided,
That payments of prize money shall be regarded as
income from salaries, and the duty thereon shall be
adjusted and collected in like manner.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 115, in line twenty-
six hundred and thirty-one, I move to strike
out the word '' and'' and insert in lieu thereof
the word "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line twenty-six hun-
dred and thirty-two, I move to strike out the
word "and" before "persons" and to insert
"or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line twenty-six hun-
dred and thirty-four, after the word "and" I
move to insert the word '1 they.''
The amendmeht was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. At the end of the para-
graph I move to add the following additional
proviso:
Provided further. That this section shall not apply
to payments made to mechanics and laborers em-
ployed upon the public works.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. In line twenty-six hun-
dred and forty-eight I move to insert after the
word "revenue" the words "or other officer
authorized to receive the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out all after the word "clause''
in line twenty-six hundred and twenty down
to the end of the paragraph. The effect of the
amendment would be to so amend the law as it
now stands as to strike out the section that re-
quires the tax to be deducted from the pay of
officers in the employment of the Government
and give them the privilege of making the
deductions thai persons not in the employ of
the Government are entitled to. I cannot
see the propriety of making a discrimination
against persons in the employ of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I am delighted to see the
gentleman from Pennsylvania showing such a
kindly disposition toward office-koldcrs, but I
trust we shall not adopt his motion. There is,
perhaps, no class better able to pay this tax
than the office-holders of the country. -Until
there is less ambition to accept of public sta-
tion, with all the duties and costs of office, I
think we may very well retain this tax.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to call the
attention of the committee to an amendment
which I think should b'o made in tho para-
graph which we have just passed. On page
107 an amendment was made to insert the
words "or savings'' after ''provident.''
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understood .that
it was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that it was not.
Mr. MORRILL. With a view to make the
provisions identical, I move to insert in line
twenty-six liundfed and seventeen, after the
word "in," the words "provident institutions
or."
Mr. THAYER. I ask the gentleman to
insert the words "savings institutions" also.
Mr. MORRILL. That amendment was
rejected when the other section was under
consideration, and I must object to it.
Mr. THAYER. I would inquire if the
amendment was not adopted on page 107. The
Clerk states that according to his recollection
it was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerks state that
the amendment was not adopted.
Mr. THAYER. It ought to have been
adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Is any motion made in
reference to the matter? -
Mr. THAYER. I will ask unanimous con-
sent to move that those words be inserted.
They will not alter, in any respect, the sense ;
thsy simply adopt a term by which these insti-
tutions are known in certain parts of the
country.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the offering of such an amendment ?
There was no objection.
Mr. THAYER. I move, then, to amend by
inserting after the word "banks," in line
twenty-four hundred and forty-two, the words
"or savings institutions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by inserting the words "or savings institutions''
after the words "savings banks" in line
twenty-six hundred and seventeen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the word "duty," in line twenty-
six hundred and twenty-seven, and inserting
'in lieu thereof the word "tax;" also, by in-
serting after the word "dollars," in line
twenty-six hundred and twenty-eight, the
words "and a tax of ten per cent, on the
excess above $5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the paragraph the following:
It shall not be lawful for the State Department, or
any minister. charg6, or consul, to issue a passport to
any party, unless he produces receipts, or other sat-
isfactory evidence of th e payment of all income taxes
imposed on him from 1863 to the date of his applica-
tion ; nor shall any passport be renewed or viseed by
any minister, charge, or consul abroad, unless the
same conditions are complied with.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that if members of
the House fully understand this matter, they
will determine that this proposition should, in
some shape or other, be adopted, so that per-
sons may not go abroad to avoid the payment
of the income tax, but that all may be com-
pelled to contribute their just share to the sup-
port of the Government. This is the object
of the amendment. It seems to me obviously
proper, and I hope it will be adopted.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. BERGEN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bergen
and Price were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and twenty-four bo
amended by inserting after the words "duty or tax "
where they first occur in said section, the words
"whenever the party interested in such legacy or
distributive share or property or interest aforesaid
shall become entitled to the possession or enjoyment
thereof, or to the beneflcial interest in the profits
accruing therefrom, such duty or tax."
Mr. ALLISON. With a view of having a
similar provision inserted in the next section, I
move to amend by striking out this paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I desire to move an amend-
ment to section one hundred and twenty-four
of the present law. The portion of the section,
which I wish to have amended is not incorpo-
rated in llie bill before us, and I shall there-
fore be compelled to refer to the pamphlet
edition of the amended tax law, as passed
March 3, 1805. Members who have this pam-
phlet before them will find the section on pages
86 and 87. For the information of those who
have not the section before them I will state
that it provides for the taxation of legacies and
distributive shares of personal property. The
taxation is not uniform, but the more remote
or distant the relationship of the party receiv-
ing the property to the party whose estate is to
be distributed, the higher is the rate of taxa-
tion. There is no exemption from this taxation
where the whole estate to be distributedamounts
to SI,000, except that contained in the proviso
to the section, which I will road :
Provided. That all legacies or property passing by
will, or by the laws of any State or Territory, to hus-
band or wife of the person who died possessed, as
aforesaid, shall be exempt from tax or duty.
The exemption here in favor of the wife is
just and humane'; thatin favor of the husband,
who is suposed to have sufficient ability to take
