1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
or intended for use and sale as coffee, spices,
or mustard, or as substitutes therefor, one cent
per pound: Provided, That the exemption of
one thousand dollars in annual value of prod-
•uct manufactured shall not apply to any of the
above-specified articles mentioned in this para-
graph.
On molasses produced from the sugar-cane,
and not from sorghum or imphee, a tax of three
cents per gallon.
Or sirujj of m olasses or sugar- cane juice, when
removed from the plantation, concentrated mo-
lasses or melado, and cistern bottoms, of sugar
produced from the sugar-cane and not made
from sorghum or imphee, a tax of three fourths
of one cent per pound.
On sugars not above number twelve Dutch
standard in color, produced from the sugar-
cane, and not from sorghum or imphec, other
than those produced by the refiner, a tax of
one cent per pound.
On sugars above number twelve and not above
number eighteen Dutch standard in color, pro-
duced directly from the sugar-cane and not
from sorghum or imphee, a tax of one and a
lialf cent per pound.
On sugar above number eighteen Dutch
standard in color, produced directly from the
sugar-cane and not from sorghum or imphee,
a tax of two cents per pound.
On the gross amount of the sales of sugar
refiners, including all the products of their
manufactories or refineries, a tax of two and
one half of one per centum ad valorem: Pro-
vided, That every person shall be regarded as a
sugar refiner, and pay the taxes required bylaw,
whose business it is to advance the quality and
value of sugar upon which a tax or duty has
been paid, by melting and recrystallization, or
by liquoring, claying, or other washing process,
or by any other chemical or mechanical means,
or who shall by boiling or other process ad-
vance the quality or value of molasses, concen-
trated molasses, or melado, upon which a tax
or duty has been paid.
On sugar candy and all confectionery made
wholly or in part of sugar, valued at not ex-
ceeding twenty cents per,pound, including the
tax, a tax of two cents per pound ; exceed-
ing twenty and not exceeding forty cents per
pound, including the tax, a tax of four cents
per pound; when exceeding forty cents per
pound, including the tax, or sold by the box,
package, or otherwise than by the pound, a tax
of ten per centum ad valorem.
Oil chocolate and cocoa prepared, a tax of
one and a half cent per pound.
On gun cotton, a tax of five per centum ad
valorem.
On gunpowder, and all explosive substances
used for mining, blasting, artillery, or sporting
purposes, not otherwise provided for, when val-
ued at thirty-eight cents per pound, or less, in-
cluding the tax, a tax of five per centum ad
valorem; and when valued at above thirty-
eight cents per pound, including the tax, a t4x
of ten cents per pound.
On varnish or japan, made wholly or in part
of gum copal, or other gums or substances, a
tax of five per centum ad valorem. _
On glue and gelatine of all descriptions, in
the solid state, a tax of one cent per pound.
On glue and cement, made wholly or in part
of glue, sold in the liquid state, a tax of forty
cents per gallon.
On pins, solid head or other, a tax of five per
centum ad valorem.
On photographs, ambrotypes, daguerreo-
types, or other pictures taken by the action of
light, and not hereinafter exempted from tax,
a tax of five per centum ad valorem.
On screws, commonly called wood screws,
a tax of ten per centum ad valorem.
On clocks and time-pieces, and on clock
movements, when sold without being cased,
a tax of five per centum ad valorem.
On all soaps valued at above three cents per
pound, not perfumed, and on salt-water soap
made of cocoa-nut oil, a tax of five mills per
pound.
On all perfumed soaps, a tax of three cents
per pound.
On all uncompounded chemical productions
not otherwise provided for, a tax of five per
centum ad valorem.
On essential oils of all descriptions, a tax of
five per centum ad valorem.
On all furniture, or other articles made of
wood, sold in the rough or unfinished, not oth-
erwise provided for, a tax of five per centum
ad valorem: Provided, That all furniture, or
other articles made of wood, previously as-
sessed, and a tax paid thereon, shall be as-
sessed a tax of five per centum ad valorem upon
the increased value only thereof when sold in
a finished condition.
On salt, a tax of three cents per one hun-
dred pounds.
On scales, pumps, garden engines and hy-
draulic rams, a tax of three per centum ad
valorem.
On tin ware of all descriptions, not other-
wise provided for, a tax of five per centum ad
valorem.
On all iron not otherwise provided for, ad-
vanced beyond muck-bar, blootns, slabs, or
loops, and not advanced beyond bars, and
band, hoop, and sheet iron not thinner than
number eighteen wire-gauge, and plate iron
not less than one eighth of an inch in thick-
ness, a tax of three dollars per ton: Provided,
That a ton shall, for all the purposes of this
act, be deemed and taken to be two thousand
pounds.
On band, hoop, and sheet iron, thinner than
number eighteen wire-gauge, plate iron less
than one eighth of an inch in thickness, and
cut nails and spikes, not including nails, tacks,
brads, or finishing nails, usually put up and
sold in-papers, whether in papers or otherwise,
a tax of five dollars per ton: Provided, That
rods, bands, hoops, sheets, plates, spikes, and
nails, not including such as are usually put up
in papers as before mentioned, manufactured
from iron upon which the tax of three dollars
has been levied and paid, shall bo subject only
to a tax of two dollars per ton, in addition
thereto, anything in this act to the contrary
notwithstanding.
On steel made directly from muck-bar,blooms,
slabs, or loops, a tax of three dollars perton.
On stoves, and hollow ware in all conditions,
•whether rough, tinned, or enameled, and cast-
ings of iron, not otherwise provided for, a tax
of three dollars per ton.
On tubes made of wrought iron, a tax of five
dollars per ton.
On steam, locomotive, and marine engines,
including the boilers, and on railroad cars, a
tax of five per centum ad valorem: Provided,
That when the boilers, tubes, wheels, tire[sj,
axles, bells, shafts, cranks, wrists, or head-
lights of such engines or cars shall have been
once assessed, and a tax previously paid
thereon, the amount so paid shall be deducted
from the taxes oil the finished engine or cars.
On boilers of all kinds, water-tanks, sugar-
tanks, oil-stills, sewing-machines, lathes, tools,
planes, planing-machines, shafting, and gear-
ing, a tax of five per centum ad valorem.
On railings, gates, fences, furniture, and stat-
uary made of iron, a tax of five per centum ad
valorem.
On copper and brass tubes, nails, or rivets,
sheet lead, and lead pipes and shot, a tax of
five per centum ad valorem.
On goat, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and
dog skins, tanned or dressed in the rough, a tax
of five per centum ad valorem.
On goat, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and
dog skins, curried or finished, a tax of five
per centum ad valorem: Provided, That all
goat, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog
skins upon which duties or taxes have been
actually paid, shall be assessed on the increased
value only when curried or finished.
On patent enameled and japanned leather
and skins of every description, a tax of five
per centum ad valorem: Provided, That when
a tax or duty has been paid on the leather in
the rough, the tax shall be assessed and paid
only on the increased value.
On oil-dressed leather, a tax of five per
centum ad valorem.
On leather of all descriptions, tanned or par-
tially tanned, in the rough, a tax of five per
centum ad valorem.
On leather of all descriptions, curried or
finished, a tax of five per centum ad valorem :
Provided, That all leather in the rough upon
which duties or taxes have been actually paid,
shall be assessed on the increased value only
when curried or finished.
On all liquors known or denominated as
wine, not made from grapes, currants, rhu-
hard [rhubarb,] or berries, produced by being
rectified or mixed with other spirits, or into
which any matter whatever may be infused to
be sold as wine, or by any other name, and
not otherwise provided for in this act, a tax
of fifty cents per gallon: Provided, That the
return, assessment, collection, and the time of
collection of the taxes on such wines shall be
subject to the regulations of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. And any person who
shall willingly and knowingly sell or offer for
sale any such wine made after the passage of
this act, upon which the tax herein imposed
has not been paid, or which has been fraudu-
lently evaded, shall, upon conviction thereof,
be subject to a fine of five hundred dollars or
to imprisonment not exceeding two years at
the discretion of the court.
On cloth and all textile or knitted or felted
articles or fabrics of cotton, wool, or other
materials, before the same has been dyed,
printed, or bleached, and on all cloth painted,
enameled, shirred, tarred, varnished, or oiled,
a tax of five per centum ad valorem.
On thread and twine, a tax of five per
centum ad valorem.
On articles of clothing manufactured or pro-
duced for sale by weaving, knitting, or felting;
on silk hats, bonnets, and hoop-skirts; on arti-
cles manufactured or produced for sale as
constituent parts of clothing, orfor trimmingor
ornamenting the same, and on articles of wear-
ing apparel manufactured or produced for sale
from India-rubber, gutta-percha, or from far,
or fur skins dressed with the fur on, a tax of
live per centum ad valorem: Provided, That
on all articles made of fur, the value of which
shall not exceed twenty dollars, a tax of two
per centum only shall be paid.
On boots, shoes, and shoe-strings, a tax of
two per centum ad valorem; to be paid by
every person making, manufacturing, or pro-
ducing for sale boots or shoes, or furnishing
the materials or any part thereof, and employ-
ing others to make, manufacture, or produce
them: Provided, That any boot or shoe maker
making boots or shoes to order as custom work
only, and not for general sale, and whose work,
exclusive of the materials, does not exceed
annually in value one thousand dollars, shall
be exempt from this tax.
On clothing, gloves, mittens, moccasins,
caps, felt hats, and other articles of dress for
the wear of men, women, and children, not
otherwise assessed and taxed, a tax of two
per centum ad valorem, to be paid by every
person making, manufacturing, or producing
for sale clothing, gloves, mittens, moocasuiB,
caps, felt hats, and other articles of dress, or
furnishing the materials or any part thereof,
and employing others to make, manufacture or
produce them: Provided, That any tailor, or
any maker of gloves, mittens, moccasins, caps,
felt hats, or other articles of dress to order as
custom work only, and not for general sale,
and whose work, exclusive of the materials,
