1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I like to hear the Sena-
tor from Maryland argue a question, and he
has argued this question on the basis of fair-
ness. When we propose to change the organic •
law, of course what has been the organic law
cannot be used as an argument why it should
be continued as such. I ask the Senator now
to consider for a moment a question of fairness.
Iowa, which I in part represent, has about tlae
same population as Maryland; our people are
nearly all white people, whereas one third or
one fourth of those of Maryland are colored
people. Now, in fairness, if the colored men
in Maryland cannot vote, if they are unfit to
vote, why should they be counted in the repre-
sentation against an equal number of white men
in Iowa who can vote? In other words, in fair-
ness, why should two Marylanders count equal
to three Iowaians?
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber tell me why it is fair that Iowa should be
represented iii part because of her female pop-
ulation ?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Maryland is; and it is
equal.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know; but why is it that
you are entitled to be represented because of
your female population? It is not because you
consider them competent to vote, for you do
not let them vote.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I did not know that the
Senator from Maryland was such an adept in
the Yankee plan of answering one question by
asking another. To me and to my people the
proposition seems very plain. This matter of
the inequality of representation in the more
popular branch of Congress has been a matter
of complaint for a long time. Our people can-
not understand why in fairness, when we are
going back to lay the foundation of our organic
law, two gentlemen in Maryland—and 1 respect
them as highly as the Senator does, because I
am myself a Marylander by birth—shall count
in representation and in voting equal to three
gentlemen in Iowa, or why one white man in
South Carolina should count equal to two white
men in Iowa. This is an idea which the Sen-
ator does not seem to have looked at. If these
men are not fit to vote, why should they count
against us who are fit to vote?
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the honor-
able member, and I have answered him, I
think, by anticipation, by calling his attention
to what Mr. Madison said was the received
opinion of the Convention, and I do not think
any member 011 this floor is higher authority
than Mr. Madison; I speak with all respect to
my friend from Massachusetts:
" It is not contended that the number of people in
each State ought not to be the standard for regulating
the proportion of those who are to represent the peo-
ple of each State."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That was the argument
in determining the present Constitution; but
in an attempt to change it, we must look for a
different rule.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course, I understand
that: but Mr. Madison says, in speaking of the
sense of the fathers of that day, who were per-
haps as wise as wc are, that the true rule was
that the whole number of people in a State
ought to be the standard for regulating the
representation of the State. The honorable
member from Iowa confounds, as the honor-
able member from Massachusetts throughout
his whole argument confounded, the right of
suffrage with the right to be represented. They
are altogether distinct. If they are not, the
representation from Iowa ought to be dimin-
ished. If representation under the Constitu-
tion is to depend upon the exercise of the right
of suffrage, Iowa should be confined to those
whom she permits to vote, and the whole num-
ber of persons in her State, white or black, who
are excluded from voting ought to be deducted
from the enumeration. But it is one matter
when you are considering the question of rep-
resentation, and another when you are consid-
ering the question who is to vote. The negro
who does not vote in Maryland, like the white
woman or the infant who does not vote in Iowa,
is to be protected. Protected how? By hav-
ing representatives from the State who have
charge of the interests of the State, of every-
body in the State. Nobody pretended when
the Constitution was formed that the negroes
would not be counted independent of the right
to vote. Mr. Madison, in the same number of
the Federalist already cited, dealing with the
propriety of counting only three fifths of the
slaves, says:
"It is thecharacter bestowed on them by thelaws
under which they live; and it will not be denied that
these are the proper criterion; because it is only
under the pretext that the laws have transformed the
negroes into subjects of property, that a place is dis-
puted them in the computation of numbers; and it
is admitted, that if the laws were to restore the rights
which have been taken away, the negroes could no
longer be refused an equal share of representation
with the other inhabitants."
Not meaning by that, that they would be
entitled to vote as the other inhabitants were
entitled to vote, because theywere not regulating
by the Constitution suffrage qualification, but
the right to be represented. Minors, women,
black or white, with or without a property
qualification, all within the limits of a State,
have a right to have themselves considered in
ascertaining who is to represent that State, nu-
merically, because in proportion to the number
of representatives do you increase the security
of all the citizens who may be within the limits
of a State.
Is there any difference in principle—I speak
it certainly with no disrespect to the women of
Iowa—between counting them and counting
blacks in ascertaining the number of Represent-
atives to which Iowa is entitled?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Wo would feel some
objection, if we felt in regard to negroes as the
Senator does, to having our women balanced
off all the time by negroes in Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. But you have not the
prejudice.
Sir. KIRKWOOD. Some of us have.
Mr. JOHNSON. It ought to bo with you a
question of principle altogether. I understand
you to say that the women of Iowa are to be
considered in the same light with the blacks in
Maryland. Well, if they arc, and they are
counted although not privileged to vote, why
should not the negro be counted in Maryland
although deprived of the privilege of voting?
The honorable member confounds the question
of representation with the question of the right,
of suffrage, two things, in my judgment, alto-
gether distinct. Supposing now that the hon-
orable member is m favor of this provision,
while you lesson by it our representation by
deducting from the whole number of our pop-
ulation the negro portion Qf the population,
why is it that you increase our taxation? Is
tliat just? And yet that is precisely what your
resolution proposes. It does not leave it as the
Constitution originally had it, because that sub-
jected us only to taxation apportioned by con-
sidering a colored person as equal to three fifths
of a man. You have increased it now by abol-
ishing the institution of slavery so that every
man within Maryland who may bo black is to
be counted, and you tax accordingly. Thus
with one hand you deprive us of a portion of
our representation and with the other you in-
crease the amount of our taxation ; and from
what I know of the very astute, and I was about
to say cunning, people of the State of Massachu-
setts, that is what they would not agree to if the
principle was applied to them. [Laughter.]
I do not know, Mr. President, that I have
succeeded in satisfying my friend from Iowa,
although I think I ought to have satisfied him
provided it be true that in his opinion there is
no distinction between the ladies of Iowa and
the blacks of Maryland, [daughter.] I think
there is a very material distinction.
1 must hasten 011 to a conclusion. The hon-
orable member from Massachusetts has pre-
sented a question not applicable to the measure
before the Senate, but as he introduced it, I
beg leave to say a word on the subject. ^ He
holds that, independent of any constitutional
provision, the authority is in Congress to regu-
late suffrage because of the clause of the Con-
stitution guarantying to each State a republic^,
form of government. That is a new idea;, an#
the honorable member seemed to think that it- -
was so novel that it required very extensive re-
search, He began before the Revolution, and he
brought up at the times of the Revolution, ear-,
ried us into Faneuil Hall and gave us the bugle,
voice of James Otis heard in the morning sun,
charming, electrifying, and invigorating ey.ery
heart in the State of Massachusetts, and in tk$-
country; and he brought us, dow^i from 1775
even to the present time, and he said tjiere w.ag an
aggregation of authority to show that the power
was possessed, and one of the elements of the
aggregation was the guarantee clause. How
did he make it out that there is no republican
form except where there is representation?
Upon the ground of the declaration of Jaines
Otis, which must have had the effcct attributed
to it by the honorable member—and his name
ought to be borne in reverence through all time
by every American citizen—that taxation with-
out representation is tyranny. But to what did
he apply it? England claimed the right to tax us
through her Parliament where we were not rep-
resented at all. Was he dealing with the ques-
tion of the right of suffrage ? Unquestionably
not.
Mr. SUMNER. He did in all his arguments
and speeches.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, I beg the Senator's
pardon. Although by no means as multifarious
in my reading as the honorable member, I may
say that all speeches of that description I have
perhaps read as often as he has.
It was taxation without representation against
which he spoke. Did he mean that Massachu-
setts and Rhode Island were not republican
governments ? if he did not mean to exclude
them from the category of republican govern-
ments, then in the opinion of J ames Otis Mary-
land is yet a republican government, and so is
every State in the Union a republican govern-
ment. Here, as was the ease with my honor-
able friend from Iowa, he is confounding the
right of suffrage with the right of being repre-
sented.
Not only is the bugle voice of James Otis
appealed to, but the action of the fathers, the
sense and spirit of the Constitution, all, in the
judgment of the honorable member, demon-
strate that this right of suffrage should exist.
A republican government, says the honorable
member, is an American idea. Cicero and
Aristotle and Socrates and all the worthies who
have preceded us in times past knew nothing
upon the subject. They were, in the sense ot
the term in American constitutional jurispru-
dence, behind the age. The first time the
true thing was discovered, that which animates
the heart and nerves the arm of all who may
be within the reach of such a government, a
republican government, was here within the
limits of the United States. Suppose I concede
it; and I have not time to question it with the
honorable member. What was the idea here?
Did our fathers consider that any one of the
thirteen States who finally came under the pro-
visions of that Constitution and have ever since
constituted a part of the nation were not living
under republican forms of government? The
honorable member will pardon me for saying
that to suppose it is to disparage the memory
of those great and good men. There was not
a State in the Union when the Constitution
was p.dopted that was republican, if the hon-
orable member's definition of a republican
government is the one now to be relied upon.
A property qualification was required in all at
that time. Negroes were not allowed to vote,
although free, in most of the States. In the
southern States the mass of the negroes were
slaves, and of course were not entitled to vote.
If the absence of the universal right of suffrage
proves that the government is not republican,
then there was not a republican government
within the limits ot the United States when the
Constitution was adopted; and yet the very
object of the clause to guaranty a republican
government—and the honorable member's cita-
tions prove it—was to prevent the existing gov-
