3752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
and I hope, if it should be proved that they do,
that wo of tho Northwest will have the sense
and sagacity to make use of the same means
to enrich ourselves that enrich the manufac-
turers of the East. It is all idle to tell me that
men in the East may be overgrown in wealth
acquired by reason of a tariff on manufactures,
and that we of the West cannot avail ourselves
of it. In my judgment we ought to do it; in
my judgment we ought not to let all of our prod-
. uce go to Europe and take the avails of their
pauper labor, rather than to bring manufac-
tures nearer to hand. To me the proposition
I looks as absurd as the old fashion was said to
be of putting your wheat in one end of a bag
and a stone in the other and going to mill. I
hope we shall not leave the country in this con-
dition for a single hour longer than is necessary
for us to adjust this thing.
But the Senator says it is to try an experi-
ment. Since 1816 we have been trying the
experiment of protection and free trade by
turns, and every man conversant with the
history of the country during this long pe-
riod will find that in every instance the pros-
perity of the country has been exactly com-
mensurate with the degree of protection that
you gave to your own manufactures and your
own industry; for it is not manufactures alone
that are benefited by a tariff. Every kind of
labor that human ingenuity can devise is bene-
fited by it. By a free-trade system the coun-
tries of Europe, with their overgrown wealth
and their skill in manufacturing, and by means
of their pauper and unpaid labor, are enabled
to underbid us; and when they do that they
bring their articles into competition with every-
thing that we raise as well in the Northwest as
anywhere else.
The Senator speaksof iron. Will the people
of Iowa be benefited by putting a further duty
on the article ofiron, or will they be benefited
by sending their wheat, and their corn, and
their beef to Europe, and having their iron and
cutlery manufactured there and paid for in these
gross articles at this immense expenditure of
transportation ? What is th% iron manufactured
abroad compose^ of? How much of the pro-
visions that you raise in Iowa for sale are com-
prised in a ton of iron, or in a given quantity
of cutlery that you speak of? Do not the work-
men, from the time they enter the mines, have
to feed upon some provisions that they get
somewhere, and so on until the ore comes to
be manufactured into cutlery and everything
else? Those provisions are not of your fur-
nishing, t%y arc furnished abroad ; they enter
into every manufactured article that comes
here, and which comes into competition with
the provisions of the Northwest as much as it
does with the manufactures of the East. It pre-
vents our people from availing themselves of
the benefit of their own labor, except that half
savage labor that barely produces the grossest
of articles.
Sir, I am satisfied that the country can never
prosper under it. As to the suggestion that
we are not now informed on the subject, let
mo ask if we did not appoint commissioners to
spend the whole of the last vacation in inves-
tigating this very subject, men who were sup-
posed to be of the highest skill and the most
competent for such an investigation. Have they
not made a very elaborate report upon the whole
■ subject? What was that done for? Why did
we pay those commissioners if no heed was to be
given to the result of their investigations when
they reported it? Does anybody criticise their
report? _ Does anybody say that those men did
not come to just conclusions ? If we took such
pains to ascertain what should be done, through
competent persons, it would seem that we ought
to be somewhat prepared now to enter upon
the subject. When shall we be better prepared
than ws are now ? Of course we cannot inves-
tigate the different items in this bill now while
it is a sealed book to us ; but there is no reason
why we should not proceed to consider it. It
has undergone the most thorough investigation
in the other branch of Congress where the
proper committee bestowed more labor upon
it than was ever bestowed by any committee
upon any subject before. After the committee
reported it to the House, that body perfected
the bill with great deliberation and great indus-
try, and have come to a conclusion satisfactory
to themselves. Because it involves a little labor
shall we fail to look into the bill, and thus de-
feat their work? Sir, out of respect to the
other branch, out of respect to the earnest
demands of the country, we ought to second
the motion they have made, take up this bill,
discuss it, and if the bill is so absurd as some
seem to suppose, reject it and be rid of it; but
if it is beneficial, we should shrink from no
labor necessary to bring us to a result in which •.
the counflfer is so vitally interested. I hope it
will not for any of these reasons be postponed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I ought to say
a word or two on this subject; but I do not
propose to discuss the merits of the bill at all.
I have kept pace in some degree with the exam-
ination that has been made of it in the other
House while it has been under discussion there,
and I know enough of the bill in its present
condition to be very well satisfied that if it is
sent, as I propose, to the Committee on Finance,
it will involve very considerable labor on the
part of that committee, for the bill will need
very careful revision; and as to some of the
conclusions to which the other House arrived
I do not hesitate to say that my mind is entirely
unconvinced of their correctness. But, sir,
although that is the case, I wish to add that so
far as the Committee on Finance are concerned
they are perfectly ready to enter upon the ex-
amination of the bill, if committed to them by
the Senate, and to devote to it all the labor
which maybe necessary in order to put it in
such a shape as may be satisfactory to them,
and which will, I hope, be satisfactory to the
Senate after the labors of the committee shall
have been concluded.
I agree with the Senator from Ohio that if it
is advisable or necessary for the interest of the
country to pass a bill revising the tariff at the
present session, it ought not to be postponed
from any consideration of our own conven-
ience. I am as anxious to get away from here
as anybody ; I knowthat if the session is con-
tinued I must bear a very reasonable propor-
tion of the labor to be gone through with in
order to close the business at the proper time;
but nevertheless, as I said before, the commit-
tee is ready and I am ready to enter upon the
examination of the bill and to give to it all the
time and all the care that we may think neces-
sax-y in order to bring it properly before the
Senate. It is very evident that it is a bill which
will excite considerable discussion in whatever
shape it may be put; and I will add that there
are some provisions in the bill that I think ab-
solutely essential, that ought to be passed at
the present session in some shape. For in-
stance, there is a section extending the time
for the collection of the direct tax in the south-
ern States, which I think is a measure of relief
absolutely essential to them and which ought
to be attended to at this session.
Mr. JOHNSON. That can be taken up
separately.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, it might be put
in a separate bill. There are other business
sections that also require immediate attention,
and there are some matters now in the hands
of the Committee on Finance which. I had
designed and hoped to put on this bill as
amendments, which I also thought to be neces-
sary.
With regard to my own individual opinions
upon the general subject, I believe they are
perfectly understood, and it is not necessary
that I should say anything about them. I am,
within all the limits allowed by the Constitu-
tion, what is called a protective tariff man. I
have always been so since my entrance into
public life, and I shall probably adhere to my
opinions on that subject. As to the vote that
has been given in the House of Representa-
tives, I have nothing to say ;tl>out it. I agree
with my friend from Massachusetts who stated
his views the other day, in one particular, and
that is that this can by no means be considered
a bill got up inthe interest of New England,
although I notice that some of the western
papers take great pains to suggest that idea.
Notwithstanding that, the vote of New Eng-
land -was pretty much solid for the bill; and
I mention it not as proving in my judgment
that it was peculiarly i|plicable to New Eng-
land interests, but as proving the loyalty of
New England and their disinterestedness—
their loyalty to their belief, and to the system
which they have always advocated. If they
need these things now less than other sections
of the country, it does not follow that it is part
of the character of New England to shrink
from what they deem necessary to be done for
the good of the whole country. The gentle-
men of the other House from different sections
of the country are, however, responsible for
their own votes, and they must consider ^hat
it is best for them to do. The result, what
they have done, is before us. They have sent
this bill to us; and yet it is for us now to con-
sider whether we shall proceed to complete
the work which they have begun, revise it if
necessary, and make the necessary changes,
or whether we shall direct, so far as we are
concerned, that the matter shall not be consid-
ered at the present session.
On that point I do not intend to offer any
remarks whatever. It is not for me to settle.
All that I have to do is to express my own read-
iness to. enter upon the work if such is the de-
sire of the Senate, and to express my wish that
it should be entered upon, believing that a
revision of the tariff is necessary; but every
member of the Senate is as well able to judge
of that necessity as I am. If that necessity has
been brought about, I think it has be§n brought
about by action for which I am nQt respon-
sible, and more by the action of members of
both Houses from other sections of the country
than my own, in their opposition to what I con-
ceived to be a very necessary reduction of the
currency, which, in reality, is creating, in my
judgment, a great part of the difficulty that we
are now laboring under. Whether this is ne-
cessary in order to meet the difficulties thus
occasioned, and whether we should act imme-
diately on the subject, Senators will consider.
It has been before them a long time. This
bill was under debate in the other House for
several weeks. Senators all know the result.
They have all been thinking of it. They know
their own position. I shall not "Undertake at
present, in this stage of the bill, on a motion
to refer it to the Committee on Finance, of
which I happen to be chairman, to discuss the
general question. I presume, from what has
been passing in this Chamber for the last three
or four days, the mind of every Senator is made
up on the point whether we are to enter upon
the examination of the subject at the present
session or not. Whatever the Senate does I
shall endeavor to be satisfied with, and if any
other duty is imposed upon me or the commit-
tee of which I am a member at the present
session, I can only repeat that we are perfectly
ready to enter upon it and discharge it to the
best of oar ability.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to take
up the time of the Senate; but I am very much
in hopes that the Senate will consent to post-
pone to a future day the consideration of this
bill. Of course it would be improper, even if
I were informed of the different provisions of
the bill that the House has sent to us, to enter
into a discission of the merits of it at this time.
I am not and cannot be sufficiently acquainted'
with it to speak of its details until it shall have
been printed and laid before us; but, sir, I
understand the general character of the bill is
to increase the duties upon imports. 1 believe
it decreases the duty upon scarcely any article
whatever.
Mr. GRIMES. It does on Surat cotton.
_ Mr. HENDERSON. Then that is an addi-
tional reason why it ought to be postponed.
By our recent internal revenue act the internal
taxation is increased but upon one article, and
that is the articlo of cotton.
