THE COJSTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ernraents from. being changed by revolution.
It was to- preserve the existing governments;
and yet the honorable member would have the
Senate and the country believe that in the judg-
ment of the men who framed the Constitution
there fras not a republican form of government
in existence. Here is what Madison says in
the forty-third number of the Federalist. After
reciting the clause—I have not time, nor is it
necessary to read more than a sentence or two
from it—he %iys:
" To the second question it may be answered, that
if the Genera,! Government should interpose by virtue
of this constitutional autharity.it will bo of course
bound to pursue the authority. But the authority ex-
tends no further than to a guarantee of a republican
&rm of government"—
And what does that suppose ? He tells us:
"which supposes a preexisting government of the
form which is to be guarantied. As long, therefore,
aa the existing republican forms are continued by the
States they are guarantied by the Federal Constitu-
tion."
So that the honorable member and the Sen-
ate will see that the very object of the clause
was to secure by force of the guarantee the ex-
isting governments, and nothing else. Are we
less republican now than we were then ? Then
these one hundred and seventy-one thousand
people who now constitute a portion of the pop-
ulation of Maryland, or their ancestors, were
slaves ; now they are free. Is it less a repub-
lican government because the slave then is the
free man now? If there was nothing incon-
sistent with the existence of a republican gov-
ernment in not only excluding the black man
from the right of voting but claiming the right
to hold him as a chattel, he being a man, is it
not less anti-republican to exclude him now that
he is a free man? What difference docs it
make, when we come to examine the question
whether a republican government exists or not,
that he is black ? The definition of the honor-
able member places his charge of anti-repub-
licanism as against the present forms of con-
stitution upon the ground of the right to vote.
I suppose the black man has no more natural
right to vote than the white man. It is the ex-
clusion from the right that affects the judgment
of the honorable member from Massachusetts.
Voting, according to him, is a right derived
from God; it is in every man, inalienable, and
its denial, therefore, is inconsistent and incom-
patible with the true object of a free govern-
ment. If it be such a right, it is not less a
right in the white man than in the black man :
it is not loss a right in the Indian than in the
white man or the black man ; it is not less a
right in the female portion of our population
than in the male portion. Then the honorable
member from Massachusetts is living in an anti-
republican government, and ho o-ught not to
stay there a moment if he can find any govern-
ment which would be a government according
to his theory. None has existed since the
world commenced, and it is not at all likely that
any will exist in all time to come ; but if "there
is any such Government to be found on the face
of the earth, let him leave Massachusetts, let
him hug that angeiie delusion which he hopes
will encircle the whole world, and go somewhere
where he can indulge it without seeing before
him every day conclusive evidence that no such
illusion exists at homo. Do you let every black
and white man in Massachusetts vote? No;
he must be able to read and write ; he must be
able to read the Constitution of the United
States, and he must be able to read it in
English. German or Frenchman, Italian or
Chinese, if he has not been here long enough
to be able to read the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States in English, he cannot enjoy that in-
alienable right which it is tyranny to deny. He
is taxed without representation, and that, in the
language of Otis, is tyranny. Leave Massa-
chusetts, I beg the honorable member, just as
soon as you can, or you will never be supremely
happy. [Laughter.]
Kow, Mr. President, if I admit that the hon-
orable member is right to that extent, if you
are to take as a test of what a republican form
of government is, the estimate entertained of
it by our fathers, then every one of these gov-
ernments is republican, and" so far from your
being authorized to invoke the guarantee to ac-
complish the purpose the honorable member
has in view, it is his sworn duty, according to
my view of it, as a Senator of the United States,
to insist that those governments shall stand as
they are, that being the very object of the guar-
antee clause.
I omitted or was about to omit to remark
upon another of the guarantees to which the
honorable member referred, the authority to
interfere by legislation with this right of suf-
frage consequent upon the second clause of
the amendment of the Constitution abolishing
slavery. He says it may be done under that
section. "With due deference to him, I think it
is very obvious that it cannot be accomplished
under it. In that 1 believe the whole of the
committee of fifteen concurred. He proposes
to regulate the right of suffrage in the States
in order to sccure to the negro the privilege
given him by this constitutional amendment.
What is that privilege ?
"Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as apunishment for crime whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted, shall exist within the United
States, or in any place subject to their jurisdiction."
In no court, before no tribunal of any descrip-
tion—executive, legislative, or judicial—of the
United States, or of any State, would it be
pretended that the institution of slavery now
has any existence ; it is abolished. What did
we think? That difficulties might be thrown
in the way of this constitutional provision by
some of the States. This institution had been
the growth of more than a century. It had
wound itself into all their domestic arrange-
ments. They were as much attached to it as
the North is attached to any domestic institution
of its own. They honestly believed that there
was nothing wrong in it—1 mean the majority
of them. They honestly believed that there
was nothing injurious in it to the country. They
honestly believed that it was a divine institution.
We have cured them of that, or if we have not,
they have cured themselves by beginning this
war. But looking to the condition in which
the southern mind was at the time, we thought—
I for one thought it, and for that reason I voted
for this second section—that these negroes,
although no one would have a right to hold
them in slavery, might still in point of fact be
enslaved. IIovv ensla\ed? Be denied some
right incidental to the destruction of slavery.
Then we said, it may be, looking to the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court, that the mere aboli-
tion of slavery will give to Congress no legisla-
tive power. That court in a variety of cases
have decided lhattnotliing can be done by Con-
gress under any clause of the Constitution which
does not confer upon that body some power.
A mere negation of a right clothes Congress
with no legislative authority. Now, if we abol-
ished slavery at once and did nothing more, it
might, be that Congress could not, legislate at
all on the subject, and these people would be
left to the mercy of the legislation of the States
in which the institution had existed. In order
to guard against that we adopted the provision
to be found in the second section of the consti-
tutional amendment. And what is that? "Con-
gress shall have power''—to do what? "To
enforce this article." By what? '' By appro-
priate legislation.'' That is, Congress shall
have power by appropriate legislation to enforce
this article. And what is this article? An
article declaring that slavery shall no longer
exist in the United States. Does the honorable
member mean to say that no man is a freeman
who is not, entitled to vote? You would makb
slaves of one third of the people of Massachu-
setts ; you would make slaves of all the women
of Massachusetts, if that be the test.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Sena-
tor?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. My argument is, that if, to
carry out the prohibition of slavery and to com-
plete its abolition it shall be regarded as neces-
sary to give the franchise, it is within the power
of Congress to give it. And now I will ask
my honorable friend to give the Senate the ben-
efit of his opinion on this precise point. If
Congress under that clause can secure equality
of civil rights, may it not, a fortiori, secure
equality in political rights, under that clause?
I do not ask the Senator whether in his opin-
ion it may under that clause give equality in
civil rights. T assume that. I most sincerely
accept it, and the Senator, knows very well that
the'Senate has acted accordingly. Senators
all about me have assumed that power; and
now I ask the Senator, as a constitutional law-
yer, to whom we refer every day, whether if
you can do the one you cannot do the other?
Mr. JOHNSON. I answer that in the neg-
ative very decidedly, and have only time to
give a few reasons for it. There are certain
rights which belong to a freeman. He has a
right to contract; he has a right to support
himself; he has a right to do everything neces-
sary to make him a freeman, or rather to en-
able him to enjoy life as a freeman, that any
other freeman can do; but he is just as much
a freeman without having the right to exercise
the political right of franchise as lie is with the
right; for otherwise the result would follow
which I have just stated, that there are a great
many who are not freemen now in Massachu-
setts. The whole female sex not only are not,
but never have been, free women. The whole
object of this clause is not to give to Congress
the right to interfere with the power of the
States over the political status of their popula-
tion, but to prevent the States from interfering
with the right of one who has been a slave and
remains in the State, to do what a white man
can do under the general laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To secure the rights
essential to freedom.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, the rights essen-
tial to freedom, and nothing else.
Mr. WADE. Voting is essential.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is begging the ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the franchise more
essential than the other?
Mr. JOHNSON. Wo.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not foremost?
Mr. JOHNSON. No. I considered myself
a freeman a good while before I was twenty-one
years of age, and I had not the right of fran-
chise. I should consider myself a freeman, if
I was to go to Massachusetts, during the time
that [ was living out the residence which her
laws require to enable me to vote ; and I should
consider myself a freeman, too, if I could not
read the Constitution in English. How essen-
tial is it to secure freedom in Massachusetts
that Congress should interfere with that? It
is absolutely necessary.
Now, as to this "appropriate legislation;"
the honorable member lias referred more than
once to the opinion of Chief Justice Marshall
in the ease of McCulloch rs. The State of Ma-
ryland. What, was that? The question, with
reference to which the observation alluded to
by the Senator was made by the Chief Justice
was, whether the Congress of the United States
had the power to establish a Bank of the United
States. They came to the conclusion that it
had, and why? Upon several grounds: first,
that it was included within the power to regu-
late commerce; and secondly, that it was in-
cluded in the power to collect, taxes ; not that
it was nccessary, not that commerce could not
go on and taxes could not be collected without
it, but if Congress thought that such an insti-
tution was an appropriate one to enable them
to have a better regulation of commerce and to
collect the taxes and preserve the money of the
United States better, and with more facility
than they could without it. they had a right to
select that institution. If the honorable mem-
ber had read the whole of that decision 
Mr. SUMNER. I have.
Mr. JOHNSON. No doubt he has; if he
has he must have found—he has not cited that
passage—that the learned Chief J ustice says it
must not be entirely foreign to the object placed
within the legislative power of Congress; it
must be connected with, if not absolutely ne-
