2792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 23,
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest that the amend-
went proposed -now docs not meet what the
gentleman desires to remedy, because it would
then subject the annuity to an annual tax
equivalent to the whole value of the property,
which certainly ought not to be. It would take
it out every year, whereas by the existing law
the property of the estate is valued, and one
tax is taken out, and that is the end of it. But
the gentleman proposes to take this out ever}'
year.
Mr. HALE. My proposition will take the
tax of $500 out whenever $500 is payable j no
more and no less.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Allison*, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and thirty-seven he
amended by inserting after the words "imposed by
this act*' tho words "shall be assessed in the col-
lection district where the estate is situate, and."
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
That section one hundred and thirty-eight be
amended by adding thereto the words, "and every
administrator, executor, or trustee, having in charge
or trust any disposition of real estate or interest
therein, subject to tax or duty under this act, shall
givo notice thereof in writing to the assessor or as-
sistant assessor of the district, where the estate issiN
uate, within thirty days from the time when he shall
have taken charge of such trust, and prior to any
distribution of said real estate, together with a state-
ment of the character and value thereof; and for
willful negleetor refusal to do«o, shall beliablo to a
penalty of not exceeding $500, to he recovered with
costs of suit."
Mr. ALLISON". I move to strike out the
words " every administrator, executor, or
trustee,'' in- the first part of the paragraph,
and insert in lieu thereof " such persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
words "statement of llie character" in the
latter part of the paragraph, and insert in lieu
thereof " description;" also, to insert after the
words "value thereof" the words "and the
person interested therein."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to amend the para-
graph by inserting at the close the following:
. That section forty-one bo amended by striking out
tho following proviso: "Provided, That if the estate
of tho successor shall be defeated in whole or in part
by its application to the payment of the debts of the
predecessor, the executor, administrator, or trustee
so applying it shall pay out of the proceeds of the
sales so made tho amount so refunded."
The provision which I propose to strike out
amounts to this: that if a party who has re-
ceived real estate as heir or devisee and paid
the taxes upon it, by this act shall find himself
dispossessed of the whole or any portion of
such estate by reason of the executor or ad-
ministrator selling the same to pay the debts
of the "predecessor," that the executor or ad-
ministrator shall pay out of the proceeds of
the sale so much of the tax as is to be refunded
tinder the provisions of this act. Now, sir, the
Government has rcccived this tax, and this is
the proposition: either to take it again from
the pocket of the party who has paid it once,
or from tho creditor whose debts are to be
paid. I do not see any propriety or justice in
either of the provisions. It is simply in one
case selling the property of the person who has
Eaid the tax for the purpose of refunding it to
_ im instead of making the Government repay
it,, and in the other of making the creditor
whose debts are to be paid contribute to the
payment of the tax, as a punishment, I sup-
pose, for collecting his debt from the estate of
the "predecessor." The Government having
secured the tax ought to refund it, instead of
"collecting it again from the "successor" or
coinpelling ail innocent creditor to pay it.
Mi-. ALLISON. I do not think this amend-
ment ought to be adopted. The provision as
it now stands is that if a party delays asserting
his title, whether it be that of mortgagee or
owner, until after the succession has passed,
then that party shall refund to the beneficiary
the amount of tax thus paid. Now, I think
that is a just provision and that it ought to
pass. The Government of the United States
ought not to be required to levy this tax, make
the collection, and*then have a mortgagee or
owner of the land come in two. three, or five
years afterward and assert his title.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WEIGHT. T move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "shall give notice thereof in
writing to" in lino twenty-six hundred and
eighty-two and inserting "who shall receive
notice thereof in writing from;" so that it will
read:
And every such person having in charge or trust
any disposition of real estate or interest therein, sub-
ject to tax or duty under this act, who shall receive
notice thereof in writing from the assessor or assist-
ant assessor of the district where theestato is situate,
■within thirty days from the time when he shall have
taken charge of such trust, and prior to any distribu-
tion of said real estate, together with a description
thereof.
I think when Ave employ and pay an officer
of the Government it is his boundeu duty either
to take less pay or discharge his whole duty.
How would it operate where an administrator
of an estate with a very limited knowledge of
the law shall have been selected? As soon as
the thirty days expire tho officers of the law
will go and complain of him, and he is at once
subjected to the payment of the penalty of $500
named in the section, a part of which I have
just read. We ought to use some caution in
a matter of this kind, and I simply propose by
my amendment to change it from devolving
the duty upon the administrator, who may be
ignorant of the law, and transfer it to the offi-
cer of the law, whoso duty it is to see that no
man escapes the performance of the duty which
is required by law.
A word inoro and I have done. A year or
j two ago, when wo had the Army bill up, I vent-
I ured to make the remark that there were too
i many tinkers about it. Now, it seems to me
J that that remark will apply in some measure
j to this bill. I fear me much that proper con-
j sideration has not been given to the various
provisions of this bill. While I have the high-
J est respect for the amiable chairman, and the
| competent committee who have had this mat-
ter in charge, it seems to me that in going over
I what we supposed to be the plain provisions
! of a just law, we have turned it by proposed
amendments into a sort of metaphysical dis-
quioition. And the Scotchman's definition of
metaphysics, I think, will apply here: " When
the mon that's listening dinna ken what the
speaker means, and the mon that's speaking
dinna ken what he means hiinsel, that's meta-
plieesics."
Mr. SPALDING. I offer the following as
a substitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Wright:]
It shall not be lawful for the State Department nor
any embassador, minister, charge, or consul, to issue
a passport to any party unless he produces receipts or
other satisfactory evidence of the payment of all in-
come taxes imposed on him from 1863 to the date of
his application. Nor shall any passport be renewed
or viseed by any embassador, minister, charge, or
consul abroad, unless tho samo conditions arc com-
plied with.
Mr. MORRILL. While I know the resources
of wit in that corner of the House to be ample,
I shall regret to see the poverty of resources
which will bo displayed in the columns of the
Daily Globe to-morrow; and therefore I must
raise the point of order on the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] that
it has already been voted down three or four
times, and besides, it is not germane to any-
thing now under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order on the ground last stated by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. SPALDING. Will my amendment be
in order at another stage of this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot tell
when it will be in order.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Wright.
Mr. UPSON. I think the objection raised
to this paragraph by the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Wright] is fully obviated by read-
ing the elosing sentence. The gentleman
argues as if it was meant to impose a penalty
on a man for neglect, when made in ignorance
of the law. The last clause says that "for
willful neglect or refusal so to do he shall bo
liable to a penalty," &e. Therefore it seems
to me that his amendment is unnecessary.
The amendment of Mr. Wright was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
by
Ihatseetiononchiuidrcd and forty-fivebe amended
inserting after tlioword"yearsvthewords from
ihall have become
the time when such tax or duty;
duo and payable."
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows: •
That section one hundred and fifty be, and the
samo is hereby, repealed.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and fifty-two be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting in lieu thereof tho following: that it, shall
notbelawful to record any instrument, document, or
paper required by law to be stamped unless a. stamp
or stamps of the proper amount sh all hav e been atlixed
and canceled in the manner reuuircd by law: and
the record of any such instrument, upon which tho
proper stampor stampsatoresaid shallnotliave been
affixed and canceled asaforesaidshall be utterly void,
and shall not be used in evidence.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Morrill] whether there is any provision in
this bill in relation to a title-deed which may
have been left unstamped or have been improp-
erly stamped through inadvertence.
Mr. MORRILL. There is a provision else-
where in this bill providing that the deed may
be stamped within a year.
Mr. DAVIS. Is there any provision by
which the record of the deed in such case may
be used in evidence for the purpose of substan-
tiating the title? According to this paragraph,
if the deed should be destroyed, the ongimu
paper destroyed, the record cannot be used,
because it does not appear from the record
that the original paper was stamped in the pre-
cise manner required by law. Therefore, there -
is no mode of deducingtitle through a defective
record. I think that point ought to be pro
vided for, if it is not now.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will look
at the paragraph on page 122 of this bill, I
think he will find that ample pro\ision has
been made upon the point to which he refers.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and fifty-four be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that all otheial
instruments^ documents, and papers used by the offi-
cers of the United States Government, or by the offi-
cers of any State, county, town, or other municipal
corporation, shall be, and hereby are, exempt from
taxorduty: Provided, Thatit is the intent hereby to
exempt from liability to taxation only such State,
county, town, or other municipal, corporations, ii>
the exercise of functions strictly belonging to them
in their ordinary governmental and municipal capa-
city, and not to any special exemption to individuals
dealing with such corporations.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the sen-
tence "that all official instruments, documents,
and papers used by the officers of the United
States," &c., by striking out the word "used"
and inserting the word "issued."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the pro-
viso by striking out the word "only" after the
word "taxation," and by inserting the word
"only" before the words "in the exercise of
functions strictly belonging to them," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "and not to any special
exemption to individuals dealing with such cor-
porations."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and fifty-five be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that if any per-
son shall foige or counterfeit, or cause or procure to
be forged or counterfeited, any stamp, die, ph;t", or
other instrument, or any part of any stamp, die, plate,
or other instrument, which shall have been v idcd,
or may hereafter be piovided, made, ui used m pur-
suance of this act, or shall forge, eoimterleii, or re-
semble, or csuae or procure to h" forarcd, <>nunter-
