1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27 n
foited, or resembled, the impression, or any part of
the impression, of any such stamp, die, plate, or other
instrument, as aforesaid, upon any vellum, parch-
ment, or paper, or shall stamp or mark, or cause or
procure to be stamped or marked, any vellum, parch-
ment, or paper, with any such forged or counterfeited
stamp, die, plate, or other instrument, or part of any
stamp, die, plate, or other instrument, as aforesaid,
with intent to defraud the United States of any of the
duties hereby imposed, or any part thereof; or if any
person shall utter, or sell, or expose to sale any
vellum, parchment, paper, article, or thing, having
thereupon the impression of any such counterfeited
stamp, die, plate, or other instrument, or any part
of any stamp, die, plate, or other instrument, or any
such forged, counterfeited, or resembled impression,
or part of impression, as aforesaid, knowing the
same respectively to be forged, counterfeited, or re-
sembled; or if any person shall knowingly use any
stamp, die, plate, or other instrument, which shall
have been so provided, made, or used, as afore-
said, with intent to defraud the United States; or if
any person shall fraudulently cut, tear, or remove,
or cause or procure to be cut, torn, or removed, the
impression of any stamp, die, plate, or other instru-
ment, which shall have been provided, made, or used
in pursuanccof this act, from any vellum, parchment,
or paper, or instrument or writing charged or charge-
able with any of the duties hereby imposed; or if any
person shall fraudulently use, join, fix, or place, or
cause to be used, joined, fixed, or placed, to, with, or
upon any vellum, parchment, paper, or any instru-
ment or writing charged or chargeable with any of
the duties hereby imposed, any adhesive, stamp, die,
plate, or other instrument, which shall have been
provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, and
which shallhave been cut, torn, or removed from any
other vellum, parchment, or paper, or any instru-
ment or writing charged or chargeable with any of
the duties hereby imposed; or if any person shall
willfully remove or cause to be removed, alter or cause
to be altered, the canceling or defacing marks on any
adhesive stamp, with intent to use the same or cause
the use of the same after itshall have been once used,
or shall knowingly or willfully sell or buy such washed
or restored stamps, or offer the same for sale, or give
or expose the same to any person for use, or know-
ingly use the same, or prepare the same with intent
for the further use thereof; or if any person shall
knowingly and without lawful excuse (the proof
whereof shall lie on the person accused) have in his
possession any washed, restored, or altered stamps,
which have been removed from any vellum, parch-
ment, paper, instrument, or writing, then, and in
every such case, every person so offending, and every
person knowingly and willfully aiding, abetting, or
assisting in committing any such offense as aforesaid,
shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, forfeit the said counterfeit stamps
and the articles upon which they are placed, and be
punishod by fine not exceeding 81,000, or by imprison-
ment and confinement to hard labor not exceeding
five years, or both, at the discretion of the court.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the following
verbal amendment in line twenty-seven hun-
dred and thirty-seven; strike out'' debts'' and
insert " taxes arfd the same amendment in
lines twenty-seven hundred and fifty-four and
twenty-seven hundred and sixty-four.
The amendments were severally agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the following
. amendments:
In line twenty-seven hundred and forty-four strike
out the word "respectively;" in line twenty-seven
hundred and fifty-nine, after the word "stamp,"
insert " or impression of any stamp:" in line twenty-
seven hundred and sixty-seven, before the word
"cause," insert "to;" and in line twenty-seven
hundred and fifty-eight strike out "debts" and
insert "taxes."
The amendments were severally agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the following, to
conic in at the proper place :
After line tweuty-six hundred and ninety-three
insert the following:
That section one hundred and forty-seven be
amended bystrikingout all after the enacting clause
and inserting in lieu thereof the following: that
any person liable to pay duty in respect to any
succession shall give notice to the assessor or as-
sistant assessor of his liability to such duty within
thirty days from the time when he shall become en-
titled in possession to such succession, or to the re-
ceipt of the income and profits thereof: andshall
al the same time deliver to the assessor or assistant
assessor a full and true account of said succession,
for the duty whereon he shall be accountable, and
of the value of the real estate involved, and of the
deductions claimed by him, together with the names
of the successor and predecessor, and their relation
to each other, and all sueh other particulars as shall
be necessaiy or proper for enabling the assessor or
assistant assessor to fully and correctly to ascertain
the duties due; and the assessor or assistant assessor,
if satisiied with such account and estimate as origin-
ally delivered, or with any amendments that may be
made therein upon his requisition, may assess the
succession duty on the footing of such account and
estimate; but it shall be lawful for theas&e&sor or
assistant assessor, if dissatisfied with such account,
or if no account and estimate shall be delivered to
him. to assess the duty on the best information he
can obtain, subject to appeal asIfcreinaiter provided;
and if the duty so assessed shall exceed the duty as-
sessable according to tho return made to the assessor
or assistant assessor, and with which he shall have
been dissatisfied, or if no account and estimate has
been delivered, and if no appeal shall be taken
against such assessment, then it shall be in the dis-
cretion of the assessor, having regard to the merits
of each case, to assess the whole or any part of the
expenses incident to the taking of such assessment,
in addition to such duty; and if there shall bo an
appeal against sueh last-mentioned assessment, then
the payment of such expenses shall be in the discre-
tion of tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
That section one hundred and forty-eight be
amended by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
that if any person required to give any such notice
or deliver such account, as aforesaid, shall willfully
neglect to do so within the time required by law, he
shall be liable to pay to the United States a sum
equal to ten per cent, upon the amount of duty pay-
able by him; and if any person liable under this act
to pay any duty in respect of his succession shall,
after such duty shall have been finally ascertained,
willfully neglect to do so within ten days after being
notified, he shall also be liable to pay to the United
States a sum equal to ten per cent, upon the amount
of duty so unpaid, at the same time and in the same
manner as the duty to be collectcd.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to insert in line
twenty-seven hundred and twenty-seven these
words: "the stamp or frank of any member of
Congress or head of any bureau,"
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move in line
twenty-seven hundred and forty-six after the
word'1 used7 7 to insert " or framed to be used.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent that
the paragraph commencing with line twenty-
six hundred and ninety-nine be reserved for
amendment hereafter.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
•The Clerk read as follows :
Thatsection onehundred and fifty-eight beamended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following; that any per-
son or persons who shall make, sign, or issue, or who
shaft cause to be made, signed, or issued, any instru-
ment, document, or paper of any kind or description
whatsoever, or shall accept, negotiate, or pay, or cause
to be accepted, negotiated, or paid, any bill of ex-
change, draft, or order or promissory note for the
payment of money, without the same being duly
stamped or having thereupon an adhesive stamp for
denoting the duty chargeable thereon, and canceled
in the manner required by law, with intent to evade
the provisions of this act, shall, for every such offence,
forfeit the sum of fifty dollars, and such instrument,
document, or paper, bill, draft, order, or note shall
be deemed invalid and of no effect: Provided, That
the title of a purchaser of land by deed duly stamped
shall not be defeated or affected by the want of a
proper stamp on any deed conveying said land by
any person from, through, orunderwhora his grantor
claims or holds title: And provided further, That
hereafter, in all eases where the party has not affixed
to any instrument the stamp required by law thereon,
at the time of making or issuing thesaid instrument,
and he or they, or any party having an interest
therein, shall be subsequently desirous of affixing
such stamp to said instrument, ho or they shall ap-
pear before the collector of the revenue of the proper
district, who shall, upon the payment of the price of
the proper stamp required by law, and of a penalty
of fifty dollars, and where tho whole amount of the
duty denoted by the stamp required shall exceed the
sum of fifty dollars, on payment also of interest at
the rate of six per cent, on said duty from the day on
which sueh stamp ought to have been affixed, affix
the proper stamp to such instrument and note upon
the margin of said instrument the date of hisso doing,
and tho fact that such penalty has been paid; and such
instrument shall thereupon be deemed and held to be
as valid, to all intents and purposes, as if stamped when
made or issued: And provided further, That where it
shall appear to said collector, upon oath or otherwise,
to his satisfaction that any such instrument has not
been duly stamped at the timeofmakingorissuingthe
same, by reason of accident, mistake, inadvertence,
or urgent necessity, and without any willful design
to defraud the United States of the stamp duty, or
to evade or delay the payment thereof, then, and in
such case, if such instrument shall, within twelve
calendar months after the passage of this act, or
within twelve calendar months after the making or
issuing thereof, be brought to the said collector of
revenue to be stamped, and the stamp duty charge-
able thereon shall be paid, it shall be lawful for the
said collector to remit the penalty aforesaid, and to
cause such instrument to be duly stamped.
Mr. MORRILL. I, move in line twenty-
eight hundred, after the word " note," to
insert " not being stamped according to law,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON". I move in line twenty-
eight hundred and thirty-one, after the word
" instrument," to insert "Or, if lost, a copy
thereof duly certified by the officer having
charge of the real estate records in the proper
town or county."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It seems to me if
this is to have any effect at all it is to destroy
the effect of the paragraph commencing on
line twenty-six hundred and ninety-nine. That
paragraph provides where the instrument has
been unstamped the record of it shall be ut-
terly void and shall not be used in evidence.
If a party examines the record and finds it
unstamped the unstamped deed so recorded is
no notice to another subsequent purchaser.
If it is the intention of the committee to go
back and make this unstamped copy a correct
record which we have already declared shall
be utterly void and of no effect, then the
amendment is proper. If that is not the inten-
tion then it is an improper one.
Mr. ALLISON. Undoubtedly the statement
of my colleague is true. I think it is proper
that we should go back and amend the para-
graph to which he alludes. But I hope he will
allow this amendment to pass. Of course if
this paragraph is amended that will be also.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Would it not be
well for the committee to provide some amend-
ment which will protect an innocent purchaser
who has taken a title to lands when there may
be an outstanding unstamped title—no stamp
whatever upon the record? By sending in a
copy of the record and having it stamped the
holder of the outstanding title may deprive the
innocent purchaser of his title.
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment if the committee will consent that this
paragraph shall be considered in connection
with the paragraph just passed oyer.
No objection was made.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out the word "duty"
wherever it occurs and inserting "tax" in
lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Out of charity to the re-
porters, I move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to suppoi't the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, (at
a quarter past ten o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of James Jetlow,
of Massachusetts, contractor for construction of gun-
boats, for relief on account of losses sustained by
reason of the high prices of labor and materials in
the satisfactory completion of his engagements with
the Government.
By Mr. ECKLEY: Thepetition of Jacob Ilarbough,
and 146 others, wool-growers of Columbiana county,
Ohio, asking increased duty on wool and an increase
of tariff on imports.
By Mr. MARVIN: Thepetition of Obed Blow-
ers, for payment of bounty due his son Samuel F.
Blowers, who was accidentally killed before his
muster into the United States service.
By Mr. OBTH: The petition from citizens of La
Fayette, Indiana, on the subject of insurance.
By Mr. HITTER; The petition of Mrs. Nancy
Hinton, who^e husband was killed while fighting for
the country, asking for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Martha Stout, whose
husband was killed while fighting for the country,
asking for a pension.
By Mr. WOODBRIDGE: The petition of Z. bear-
ing, and 87 others, citizens of Brandon, Rutland
county, Vermont, praying for an additional duty on
foreign wool.
Also, the petition of J. Stowe, and 3(5 others, citi-
zens of Weybridgc, Addison county. Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased protection on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of C. A. Paddock, and 25 others,
citizens of Pownal, Bennington county. Vermont,
praying for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Samuel Kvarts, and 42 others,
citizens of Cornwall, Addison county, Vermont,
praying for an additional tariff on foreign wool.
Also, tho petition of Hon. Barne? Frisbie, and
