1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*t 
cessary to, the exercise of the power. Now he
is begging the whole question when he says
that it is absolutely necessary, in order to make
a man a freeman, that you should give him
the right to vote by legislation. That assumes
that every freeman has a right to vote. Is
that true? The honorable member from Maine
[Mr. Fjsssexdex] the other day said, and said
what he is borne out in by all the authorities—
it is not necessary to go to Cicero and Socrates
and the many illustrious names that came so
eloquently from the Senator from Massachu-
setts ; you find it everywhere—that the right of
suffrage, the right of voting, depends upon gov-
ernmental regulation ; there is nothing innate
in it. The question who is to exercise it is
submitted to the discretion of the Government.
Shall a man without property vote? Every
State in the Union at one time said no. Shall
a man without property hold office ? Every
State said no. Shall the slaves vote? Every
State said no. Shall the alien vote? Almost
every State said no. In some of the States they
are admitted to the right of suffrage, and I
think improperly in any, as a matter of expe-
diency, but not in all; but are they any the less
freemen? Is any inherent and natural right
violated by such an exclusion? Certainly not.
The right grows out of political institutions, and
exists, or does not exist, just as the Govern-
ment who establishes them thinks proper to
grant it or to deny it.
I could speak much longer upon this subject,
but I am troubling the Senate and exhausting
myself.
Now, a word or two as to the effect of this
proposition. You think it will produce peace
and quiet. I hold your opinions, gentlemen,
in as much respect as I hold the opinions of
. any one; but I entertain a very different opin-
ion.
Mr. SUMNER. There I agree with you.
Mr. JOHNSON. As to this particular amend-
ment of the Constitution?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then as to this, I am
sure I must be right. The honorable member
and all of us are very anxious to bring about a
state of peace and quiet and harmony, We want
to be brothers all; all sectional differences
to be forgotten; all former animosities to be
cast into oblivion. We want to be what our
fathers were, what your ancestors of Massa-
chusetts were in their relation to the men of
South Carolina; in the language of Webster,
going shoulder to shoulder through the peril-
ous conflict of the revolutionary struggle, moist-
ening every field of battle in which they were
engaged with their joint blood, feeling the aim
of Washington resting on them alike for sup-
port. We want the men of Massachusetts to
be now in relation to the men of Maryland and
Virginia what they were then. Wo invoke the
memories of the past. We pray that the spirit
of Washington may be over and around us to
guide us to a correct conclusion. He went the
moment he was called to defend Massachusetts.
"He drew his sword first in the struggle to main-
tain her rights, and he did notgo alone. Every
southern State rushed to her rescue. We came
out of that struggle as we went in, brothers, an-
imated by an equal love of countfy, hoping to
achieve for the benefit of all a national renown,
and a prosperity without example in the world's
history. Madness separated us. The South,
' I beg you to remember, has not been wholly to
blame ; why it is unnecessary to say. There
is no man conversant with the history of the
times but must feel—I felt it in this Chamber,
; I felt it in the peace conference—that although
the treason was culminated into actual perpe-
' tration by the South, it never could have oc-
curred but for the misjudged conduct of the
>' North. I do not designate any particular State.
* But we have gone through the struggle, and we
* are out of it, successfully out of it. Howisthat
former concord to be reestablished? By seek-
i ing to deprive the southern States of any part
-< of their political influence, leaving them sub-
t jeetto your taxing power, even increasing that
i power as against them ? By passing laws ad-
[ 39th Oono. 1st Sjsss.—No. 49.
verse to what is known to be the sentiment of
their people—laws which assume, not that they
are not competent, but that being competent
they are unwilling to perform the duty which
they owe to their country ? Gentlemen, you
misunderstand them.
No man in this Chamber raised his voice
earlier, or did more, to the extent of his means,
to defeat the parricidal effort to destroy this
Government than I did; but I knew these peo-
ple. I knew—and therefore my apprehensions
were the greater—that if their leaders should
be put in a situation in which they could arouse
the hearts of those people, they had that within
them that would cause them to go to the utmost
limits men could go; and so far they have gone.
It is idle to deny—I rather feci proud of the
fact—that they exhibited upon the battle-field
the highest elements of human courage which
can be exhibited upon such an occasion. Some
of them may have acted with an entire forget-
fulness of all the injunctions of humanity. So
have some of our soldiers. Private houses have
been given to the flames, and innocent women
and children driven out at night to seek shelter
of whom and where they could. But these are
exceptions; and these we should try to forget.
How can this strife be soonest forgotten?
Bring them back; take them by the hand; say
to them, "You have wandered away from the
household of your fathers; you have seen the
error of your ways ; you ask to return ; we re-
ceive you with open arms and with warm and
gushing hearts," and rely upon it that such men
as will be sent here will be as faithful to the
Constitution as either of us. Look at the con-
duct of their military men and our military men.
How do they meet? How do Grant and Sher-
man and Meade and Sheridan and Thomas
meet their former comrades, lately their ene-
mies, now that the war is over ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not put them
in command of the Army.
Mr. JOHNSON. They meet them as broth-
ers. They do not put them in command of our
Army, but they would have no objection to it,
1 am sure, because they have entire and abso-
lute confidence in their honor. But you arc not
putting them in command of the Army. The
honorable member and no member of the Senate
has a right to say any southern man would be
sent into this Chamber and take the oath that
you require and not observe it or any oath that
you may administer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Theyhavetakenanoath
and broken it.
Mr. J OHNSON. Certainly ; but broken how,
and broken when ? The honorable member is
not to be told that there existed throughout the
country in every section of it a large class of
intelligent men who believed that the States had
a right to secede. Your late lamented Presi-
dent so announced in a speech made by him when
he was a member of the House of Represent-
atives. I thought I had by me a copy of the
Kentucky resolutions known to have been writ-
ten by Mr. Jefferson, but I cannot find it at pres-
ent ; but the first of those resolutions which was
adopted by the unanimous vote of the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky says in so many words that
the Government of the United States is nothing
but a compact, and that the States have the right
to decide for themselves whether it is broken or
not and can aet accordingly. A terrible doc-
trine, a mischievous doctrine; but who did it
come from ? From one who had taught the pub-
lic mind of the South, from the very apostle of
human liberty, from one who hated tyranny and
loved freedom ; and his teachings and the teach-
ings of others who succeeded him made the
South believe that they had that right. They
just as firmly believed it as my honorable friend
from Maine and myself believe in the contrary
doctrine. You cannot deal with a people of
that description as if they were criminals acting
without the pretense of right.
Nov/, the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts says they cannot come in because the
case of Luther vs. Borden, as decided by Mr.
Chief Justice Taney, reported in 7 Howard,
holds that that is a matter to be passed upon
by Congress. That is a great mistake-. "Wife
due deference, it says no such thing. It says
that under the clause of guarantee Congress
must necessarily decide whether the govern-
ment which they are called upon to guaranty -
is republican. It says that under another part
of the same clausfe which makes it the duty of
the Government to protect a State against do-
mestic violence or foreign invasion, Congress
is to pass laws for that purpose. They passed
the act of 1793 making it the duty of the Pres-
ident on_ the application of the Legislature of
a State, if it was in session, or the Executive
of the State if the Legislature was not in ses-
sion to interfere; and the court go on to say
that under the act of 1793—and I ask the hon-
orable member's attention to it—the President
is to decide and nobody else.
Mr. HOWE. Congressgave him the power.
Mr. JOHNSON. But as long as that law
exists he must decide and nobody else. The
act of 1793 has not been repealed, and all the
subsequent legislation auxiliary to it is also
upon your statute-book unrepealed.
Mr. HOWE. I take it it has not passed
beyond the power of Congress to resume it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is another matter.
Mr. HOWE. Under the Constitution the
power belongs to Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. But once executed, it does
not belong to Congress. But now let me apply
it to the honorable member from Wisconsin.
Has not Congress exercised the power? Have
you not admitted all these States into the Union
long ago? You say they are out. I say they
are not. That is a question to be tried.
Mr. HOWE. That is not the issue between
the Senator from Maryland and myself. I
never used the expression that any of these
States were out of the Union. I have, on the
contrary, constantly protested that nothing had
gone out of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am glad that I misunder-
stood the honorable member. Then they are
not. How did they get in? By being recog-
nized by Congress; and if they are recognized
by Congress, how is Congress to get them out?
It is a power that is exhausted when it is first
executed. Once in, they are in forever.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that is your
position.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is my position. They
are in forever, so far as Congress is concerned ;
but whether in or not, one thing is certain : we
have a right to receive them into this Chamber.
Mr. SUMNER. Suppose theygetoutofprae-
tical relations with the Government, what then?
Mr. JOHNSON. They canresumetheirprac-
tical relations. Heaven forbid that a man the
moment he stops any particular relation is sup-
posed to be never thereafter capable of resum-
ing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Both sides must agree,
must they not?
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Maine says with the agreement of both
sides. Did we agree that they should go out?
I have heard the honorable Senator say from
time to time that not only we did not agree, but
we would not admit it, and we have been carry-
ing on a war now for four or five years, costing
countless treasure and half a million of lives
to get them in, and I thought we had accom-
plished it, and I was never more surprised in
my life than, when I thought we had succeeded
in the object of the war, to find gentlemen ad-
vocating a position which made us a great deal
worse off than when we began it.
However, that has nothing to do with the
purpose I had in view when I was interrupted.
1 want them in. I think it is the only way in
which you can pacify the country. I am not
afraid of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
misapprehended my question, and 1 will state
it now in order that there may be no misun-
derstanding on the part of the reporters. My
friend from Massachusetts put the question, sup-
pose they are out of practical relations to the
Union, what then? The reply of the honora-
ble Senator who is speaking is that thoy may
