1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
soon and heard, and from what you know, that it
■would be safe to intrust the great body of frcedmcn
in Virginia or elsewhere m the South to the care ot
the local authorities or the local legislation?
"Answer. I do not.
"Question. Suppose this were done, what conse-.
auences in your judgment would be like to follow/
Would they not maltreat the black race, deprive
them of their rights, embarrass them in the enjoyment
of their property if they should have any, provoke
them, goad them if necessary to acts of violence which
the blacks might suppose they wore performing m
their interests, and in this way, within some short
time, bring about an open bloody resistance on the
part of the black population?
"Answer. I should say there would be danger that
the blacks would commit those acts which an op-
pressed people, sooner or later, commit against their
oppressors. , t
<tion. Have you reason to believe that the
blacks possess arms to any extent at the present
^ "Ansicer. I have been told they do. X have received
that information from citizens of Virginia, including
State officers, who have entreated me to take the
arms of the blacks away from them.
"Question. Who were those officers? .
"Answei-. Some were members of the present .Legis-
lature. I have also been asked to do so by public
meetings held in one of the counties.
44Question. Have you in any case issued orders tor
disarming the blacks?
"Answer. 1 have not.
"Question. The blacks, I suppose, are almost unan-
imously loyal? ,
"Answer. I think there is no question about that.
"Question. How do the Virginians feel in regard to
the education of the blacks? , .
"Answer. There is a great difference ot opinion in
that respect in different communities. In some places
the people cordially approve of it. Many have taken
part in it. In other places the reverse is the case.
Oases have come to my knowledge, where persons
coming to teach the blacks were not|r>ermittcd to
rent aplace, either for school or personal occupation,
and it has been reported to me that teachers sent to
teach the blacks have been treated with great con-
tempt and in some places threatened. Again, m the
city of Lynchburg, for instance, the city authorities
cordially entered into the arrangement for teaching
the blacks, in connection with the military authori-
ties. There is this variation of feeling, and what is
the predominating feeling I cannot tell."
And Major General Custer has given his evi-
dence with regard to affairs in Texas, as follows:
"He testifies that he has been over the greater por-
tion of that State, and he also iustructcd his officers
in various parts to report to him thy views of the
people and their disposition toward the Government,
fie therefore says he has greater opportunities than
any other officer there to know the situation, in
reply to a direct question, he says, 1 do not regard
the disposition of the people as at all friendly to-
ward the Government. To use their own words,
they accept the bituation; but I think their motives
arc entirely selfish, and they acknowledge that it is
from a desire to obtain the benetit of the Govern-
ment rather than give the Government any support.
The feeling is more hostile now than it was three or
four months ago. They affirm, as a reason for this
hostility that they aro kept in an unsettled condition,
and arc particularly dissatisfied with the Govern-
ment because they are not allowed to resume their
places in Congress.' General Custer adds that it is
hardly possible to find a man who has been loyal to
the Union and remained so daring the war. He
says, '1 rlo not consider that it would be safe for
loyal men to remain in Texas if the troops should be
removed. There is now little or no intercourse be-
tween loyal and disloyal men.' When our troops
first entered the State, he says that the people seemed
as loyal as the most loyal man could wish. They
expected the leading rebels hung, and the property
of the rebels confiscated ; but when they saw a len-
ient policy pursued, they assumed a different position
and assailed the Government, and especially de-
nounced the provisional State government."
Many people suppose that because flagrant
war has ceased actual peace has returned. But
peace has not yet come in fact. The President
maintains the excrcise of military power as
fully as during the conflict of arms, unless it
has been moderated since his peace proclama-
tion of April 2.^
Mr. Seward in his speech in New York on
the 22d of February declared that a state of
peacc had not been restored. He said;
"Now, if you will refer to the old bill creating the
Freedmen's Bureau, you will find it is limited by the
laws of enactment to the war of the rebellion andone
year thereafter. Is the war ended ? Practically it is.
Hostilities have ceased. Ispeaccrestorerl? No; prac-
tically the States are still disturbed and there is a
necessity for military force. The peace has not abso-
lutely come. Coming, butnotcome, thePresidentsays.
The proclamation of 1861 announced civil war. A
proclamation of the President will announce that the
war is at an end. Now, if lamrightin this, then peace
in a legal sense will come to be in the United States
just at the day when the President is=ues a proclama-
tion, or Congress passes a law declaring that peaec has
come, and not before. If the proclamation should be
made to-day, then by the terms of the act creating a
Freedmen's Bureau, we will have one whole year
thereafter. At the end of that time we shall havethc
benefit of experience. If we noed the continuation
of the Freedmen's Bureau, Congress will then be m
session to enact a bill, and if so we all trust we shall
have it from them. The 22dof February will be a very
good day, the most glorious of all days, for a procla-
mation that the rebellion is ended, that the frcedmcn
of this country are restored to their own natural
rights. Well, this being the case, what is the course
of duty? What is the difference between the Presi-
dent and Congress? The President says, I have got
fifty thousand men and I do not want any more—I
can execute the duties of the Freedmen s Bureau. 1
have got $11,000,000 under the old law, and I do not
want any more. I can administer the Freedmen s
Bureau with $11,000,000, and I have got five hun-
dred agents, military and civil; with their salaries
they are sufficient to execute the administration of
the Freedmen's Bureau. I do not want any more
agents.'"
General Grant, in his report to the President
in December last, said:
"In some form, the Freedmen's Bureau is an ab-
solute necessity until civil law is established and en-
forced, securing to the frcedmcn their rights and full
protection." * . * * * "Itcannot be ex-
pected that the opinions held by men at the feouth
for years can be changed in a day, and therefore the
freedmen require, for a few years, not only laws to
protect them, but the fostering care of those who will
give them good counsel, and on whom they can rely.
And the manner in -which military authority
is exercised proves that the civil rights of all
Union men are denied by law and courts and
juries in the rebel States.
Here are some of the evidences of it found
in military orders, as follows:
[General Orders, No. 3.}
War Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, January 12,1866.
To protect loyal persons against improper civil suits
unci penalties in late rebellious States.
Military division and department commanders,
whose commands embrace or are composed of any
of the late rebellious States, and who have not al-
ready done so, wiljl at once issue and enforce^ orders
protecting from prosecution or suits in the State or
municipal courts of such State all officers and soldiers
of the armies of the United States, and all persons
thereto attached, or in anywise thereto belonging,
subject to military authority, charged with offenses
for acts done in their military capacity, or pursuant
to orders from proper military authority, and to pro-
tect from suit or prosecution all loyal citizens or per-
sons charged with offenses done against the rebel
forces, directly or indirectly, during the existence of
the rebellion, and all persons, their agents and em-
ployes, charged with the occupancy of abandoned
lands or plantations, or the possession or custody of
any kind of property whatever, who occupied, used,
possessed, or controlled the same, pursuant to the
order of the President or any of the civil or military
departments of the Government, and to protect them
from any penalties or damages that may have been
or may be pronounced or adjudged in said courts in
any of said cases; and also protecting colored persons
from prosecution in any of said States charged with
offenses for which white persons are not prosecuted
or punished in the same manner and degree.
By command of Lieutenant General Grant:
t E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
[General Orders, No. 7.J
Headquarters Department South Carolina,
Charleston, e>. C., March 4, 1866.
I. In order that the loyal people of this State may
be relieved from all unnecessary restraints incident
to the existence of martial law, the administration of
civil affairs in the several districts, parishes, and mu-
nicipalities, respectively, will be remitted by com-
manding officers of military districts to the civil offi-
cers therein, duly qualified to perform such duties.
No person shall be deemed eligible to hold office unless
ho shall have taken the amnesty oath last prescribed,
and, if he belong to either of theclasses excepted from
amnesty, shallhavc receivedexccutivepardon. Civil
officers will in all cases respect and obey the procla-
mations of the President, the laws of Congress, and
all orders relating to the government of this depart-
ment, issued by competent military authority.
II. To aid the local funetionariesinresumingtheir
proper duties, it is ordered that hereafter, without
authority from these headquarters, no military tax,
assessment, or charge of any kind whatsoever phall be
levied upon citizens, except fines' and penalties im-
posed by the provost courts or other competent mili-
tary tribunals, for offenses whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted; and with the further ex-
ception of the ground rents at the post of Hilton
Head, that being a military reservation.
III. No prosecution or suit shall be entertained in
the courts of South Carolina against officers or sol-
diers of the armies of the United States, or persons
in anywise thereto belonging, subject to military
authority, charged with acts done in their military
capacity or pursuant to orders from proper military
authority; nor against loyal citizens or persons
charged with acts done against the rebel forces, di-
rectly or indirectly, during the rebellion: and all per-
sons, their agents or servants, charged with the occu-
pation of abandoned lands and tenements, or the
possession or custody of any kind of property what-
ever, in eases where such occupation, use, or posses-
sion was authorized by the President, or by any of
the civil or military departments of the Government,
shall be protected from any recoveries, penalties, or
damages that may have been or may be imposed or
adjudged therefor in said courts.
IV. Superior and circuit provost courts will con-
tinue in operation as heretofore, and shall have, as
against any and all civil courts, exclusive jurisdic-
tion in all cases where freedmen and other persons
of colflr are directly or indirectly concerned, until
such persons shall be admitted to the State courts as
parties and witnesses with the same rights and rem-
edies accorded to all other persons. It shall never-
theless be competent for a State court to hear and
determine a cause or proceeding wherein persons of
color are parties to the record, when they shall file
a written stipulation to submit the cause or proceed-
ing to a State court.
By command of Major General D. E. Sickles:
W. h. M. BUKGliilx.,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands,
Headquarters Assistant Commissioner,
Stvti: of VrnoiNiA,
Richmond, Virginia, March, 12,1866.
I. The following portion of an act entitled "An act
relative to the. testimony of colored persons," passed
February 23,1866, by the Legislature of Virginia, is
published for the information of the officers and agents
Beit enactedbi/the General Assembly* That colored
persons and Indians shall, if otherwise competent,
and subject to the rules applicable to other persons,
be admitted witnesses in the following cases
# * * * * * *
"2. In all criminal cases and proceedings at law or
in equity in which a colored person or an Indian is a
party, or which arise out of an injury done, attempted,
or threatened to the person, property, or rights of a
colored person or Indian, or in which it is alleged in
the presentment, information, or indietmcnt, or in
which the court is of opinion, from the oth er evid ence,
that there is probable cause to believe that the offense
was committed by a white person in conjunction or
cooperation with a colored person or Indian."
Also, the following portion of' An act to amend
and reenact the ninth section of chapter one hundred
and three of the Code of Virginia of 1800," &c.:
"Beit enacted by the General Assembly, That any
person having ono fourth or more of negro blood shall
be deemed a colored person, and every person, not a
colored person, having one fourth or more of Indian
blood, shall bo deemed an Indian.
"All laws in rcspect to crimes and punishments,
and in respect to criminal proceedings, applicable to
white persons, shall apply in like manner to colored
persons, and to Indians, unless when it is otherwise
specially provided."
IX. From and after the reception of this order, until
further orders, no criminal cases will be tried by any
officer or agent of the bureau in this State, except
such as may at that time have been commenced.
III. It will henceforth be the duty of the assistant
superintendents to attend in person the trials of all
criminal cases within their jurisdiction, including
criminal trials or preliminary hearings beforejustices
of the peace or magistrates, to which acolorcd person
may be a party, or in which, according to the law
abovo quoted, the testimony of a colored person may
betaken. . „ 1L
IV. When present at such trials or hearings the
assistantsupcrintendentwillnotinterfere at the time
with the action of the court or magistrate, but will
confine themselves to such friendly suggestions, made
to a colored party concerned, or the counsel for the
same, as may be necessary. They will not act as at-
torneys in such eases, or argue with the court or ma-
gistrate. They will, however, make immediate report
of any instance of oppression or injustice against a
colored party, whether prosecutor or defendent, and
also in case the evidence of colored persons should bo
improperly rejected or ncglccted. In such cases, all
details possible will be forwarded.
V. They will also carefully examine and report if
in any instance a justice of the peace, attorney for
the Commonwealth, grand jury, or other authority
vested with the power of allowing or regulating the
institution of criminal proceedings, has refused jus-
tice to a colored person by improperly neglecting a
complaint, or declining to receive an oath or sworn
information tendered by such person, whereby a
trial or prosecution might be prevented through
partiality or prejudice.
VI. All superintendents and assistant superintend-
ents will, on the last day of each month, make a de-
tailed report of the manner in which this order, by
restoring to the State authorities jurisdiction in crim-
inal eases over colored persons, has resulted, with
reference to the interests of the latter within their
respective districts and sub-districts, whether they
have been treated with impartiality and fairness,
and the law respecting their testimony carried out
in good faith or otherwise.
O. BROWN,
Colonel and Assistant Commissioner.
JAMES A. BATES,
Acting A s'sisfant Adjutant General.
Headquarters Department of Virginia,
Richmond, Virginia, March 12,1866.
The foregoing order is approved, but no person of
color will be examined or brought to trial on a crim-
inal charge until he shall have had sufficient time
and opportunity to notify the assistant superintend-
ent of the Freedmen's Bureau for the sub-dtstriet of
the time when, and place where, such examination
or trial is to tako place.
By command of Major General A.*H. Terry;
EDWARD W. SMITH,
Assistant Adjutant General,
