770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ftsume them. I ask, may they resume them
at their own will entirely, or does it require the
assent of the other party with whom those prac-
tical relation^have been dissolved? That is
my question.
•, Mr. JOHNSON. I say under the circum-
stances they can, just as much as the other
party. Each party has the same right to resume
that the other has. You do not deny to Con-
gress the right to resume relations with them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot force it
upon them.
Mr. JOHNSON. You can enforce it upon
them, or you can 
Mr. FESSENDEN-. You cannot eompel
them to send Senators and Representatives
here if they do not choose to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the fault of the
.original Constitution. You say they have no
organized governments. Have they not Gov-
ernors and members of their Legislatures and
of their judiciary? What branch of govern-
ment is it that they are without ? How are their
people now governed? By you? No, except
very partially. How are all their domestic eon-
ccrns regulated? How are all their contracts
enforced? How are theirmarriages solemnized?
How is property conveyed? Byyourlaws? No.
Ey the State laws. Nobody doubts that; and
yet although they are clothed with all the attri-
butes of government, and just as absolutely
.clothed with them as they were before the war
commenced, you say they are not governments
within the sense of the Constitution because the
moment you admit that they are State govern-
ments in the sense of the Constitution, then
they have the right to be represented here.
But I have wandered from the purpose I had
in view. What 1 wanted to say was—and I say
it now in conclusion—that to quiet the country,
to reinstate it in the prosperity which it had and
which- it has temporarily lost, to bring us all
together again as one family, endowed with the
capacity of winning a name which will make us
the envy of the world, let us take them to bur
bosom, trust them, and as I believe in my ex-
istence, you will never have occasion to regret
it. You will, if the event occurs, look back to
your participation in it in future time with un-
mingfed delight, because you will be able to
date from it a prosperity and a national fame of
which the world furnishes no example, and you
will be able to date from it the absence of all
cause of differences which can hereafter exist,
which will keep us together as one people,
•looking to one destiny and anxious to achieve
one renown.
Mr. CONNESS. If it would not trouble the
Senator, I estimate very highly the value of his
opinion upon the question 1 propose to suggest,
and I would like to have it. In speaking of
the relation of those States to the Government
now, did I understand the honorable Senator
to mean the State governments that now exist
in those States, or the governments that existed
there prior to the rebellion?
Mr. JOHNSON. Tkeyhavea right to change
their government. You know that is an inherent
right.
Mr. CONNESS. Have they changed their
government? Have they not organized the
government now existiug under compulsion ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir. I do not so
understand it as a question of fact.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hen-
derson] to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. HENDERSON obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand my friend
from Missouri does not desire to speak upon
the pending question this evening, and if it is
the pleasure of the Senate to go into executive
session, I will make that motion.
Mr. GRIMES. With the permission of the
Senator, I desire to move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 33.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. For the pur-
pose of enabling the Senator from Missouri to
have the floor on Tuesday morning, I will move
that the pending resolution be postponed until
Tuesday at one o'clock, and be made the spe-
cial order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day,
it be to meet on Monday next.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 264) granting a pension to
Mrs. Altazera L. Wilcox, of Chenango county,
in the State of New York:
A bill (H. R. No. 265) granting a pension to
John Hoffman, of Madison county, in the State j
of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 266) granting a pension to
Mrs. Elizabeth Fogg, of the State of Maine;
and
A bill (II. R. No. 2C7) granting a pension to
Virginia K. V. Moore.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the amendment
of the House to the bill (S. No. 60) to enlarge
the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau.
CHARLOTTE BENCE.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
33.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 33) for the relief of
Charlotte Bence, widow of Philip H. Bence, late
captain of company F, thirtieth regiment Iowa
volunteer infantry, which directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Charlotte
Bence, of Bloomfield, Davis county, Iowa,
widow of Captain Philip H. Bence, of com-
pany F, thirtieth regiment of Iowa volunteers,
on the pension roll, at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per month, for and during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill passes to
its third reading, I will inquire what this case
is. Is there any report about it? Doesitcome
from a committee?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; it passed the House
of Representatives, and met the approval ofthe
Committee on Pensions in the House; was sent
to the Committee on Pensions of the Senate,
and has been reported back by that committee
without amendment. The chairman of the com-
mittee is here and will explain it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not establishing
any new precedent, I have no objection to it.
Does it come within the rule of other pensions?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir, it comes
within the rule we have established with regard
to those killed on detailed service and furlough.
This man was sent to transact some business in
Iowa and was shot down while on his way home
by guerrillas.
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not a larger pen-
sion than is granted to most widows ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is a captain's
pension.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire if the wid-
ows of all captains receive the same pension.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. They do. _
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COUET Or CLAIMS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider Senate bill No. 33-.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 33) in relation to the
Court of Claims. It proposes to repeal the
fourteenth section of an act approved March 3,
18C3, entitled "An act to amend an act to es-
tablish a coijrt for the investigation of claims
against the United States," approved February
24, 1855; and from the final judgment, or de-
cree, in all cases heretofore decided by the
Court of Claims of the character mentioned in
the fifth section of the act of March 3,1863, an
appeal is to be allowed to the Supreme Court
of the United States at any time within ninety
days after the passage of this act, except in
cases where the amounts found due oy the
court have been paid at the Treasury; and the
regular session of the Court of Claims is here-
after to commence on the first Monday of
December in each year.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
from Illinois what is this fourteenth section of
the former act that is proposed to be repealed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. These are the words
of it:
Sr.c. It. And be it further enacted, That no money
shall be paid out of the Treasury for any claims passed
upon by the Court of Claims till after an appropria-
tion therefor shall be estimated for by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Perhaps I had better explain in a word what
the object of the bill is. The seventh sectionof
the bill, which passed in 1863 I think, provided
for appeals to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States from the Court of CHaims. That sec-
tion is in these words:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
of final judgments by said court, or, on appeal, by the
said Supreme Court, where the same shall be affirmed
in favor of the claimant, the sum duo thereby shall
be paid out of any general appropriation made by
law for the payment and satisfaction of private claims,
on presentation to the Secretary ofthe Treasury of a
copy of the said judgment, certified by the clerk of
said Court of Claims and signed by the chief justice,
or, in his absence, by thepresiding judge of said court.
And in cases where the judgment appealed from is in
favor of said claimant, or the same is affirmed by the
said Supreme Court, interest thereon, at the rate of
five per cent, shall be allowed, &c.
The seventh section of the act provided that
the payments were to be made out of any gen-
eral appropriation made by law for the payment
and satisfaction of private claims. It has been
the custom of the Treasury to make an estimate
to pay the judgments of the Court of Claims
each year, and out of that estimate the judg-
ments are paid. The fourteenth section de-
clares that no money shall be paid out of the
Treasury for any claims passed upon by the
Court of Claims until after an appropriation
therefor shall be estimated for by the Secretary
of the Treasury. I did not think when the four-
teenth section was adopted that it altered the
law as prescribed in the seventh section, but
when a case went up to the Supreme Court of
the United States they refused to entertain ju-
risdiction ofthe appeal on the ground that under
this fourteenth section there was a discretionary
power in the head of the Treasury Department
to pay the judgment or not. Their opinion is
very short, and I will read what they say upon
that point:
"We think that the authority given to the head of
an Executive Department, by necessary implication,
in the fourteenth section of the amended Court of
Claims act, to revise all the decisions of this court re-
quiring the payment of money, denies to it the judi-
cial power from the exercise of which appeals can be
taken to this court."
Mr. GRIMES. Who gave the opinion of the
court?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That opinion was an-
nounced by Chief Justice Chase. The law
specially provided for appeals. They have re-
fused to entertain appeals ; but I understand if
that fourteenth section were out of the way,
they would entertain appeals. I do not think,
and I did not think at the time, that the four-
teenth section altered the previous provisions
of the act; but the court have come to a differ-
ent conclusion, and regard it as vesting a sort
of discretionary power in the Secretary of the
Treasury. The sole object of this bill is to j
remove this obstacle to taking appeals to the
Supreme Court. I say the sole object;- but
another clause in the bill fixes the commence-
ment of the term of the court on the first Mon-
day of December instead of the first Monday of
October. It does not make any difference in
the old law, except to repeal the fourteenth
section.
Mr. DAVIS. My-own opinion is, and always
