2794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Others, citizens of Pouitney.Rutlandcounty, Vermont,
praying for ail increased duty on foreign vrool.
Also, the petition of C. P. Sweet, and 12 others,
citizens of Benson, Eutland county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased duty on foreign wool.
By Mr. WRIGHT: The memorial of Messrs. Smith
& Brother, of Newark, New Jersey, in regard to the
manufacture of pearl buttons and mother of pearl.
notice of a bill.
By Mr. SPALDING: A bill for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch, of the twenty-seventh
Ohio volunteer infantry.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 24, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
homesteads in southern land states.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
as the committee, of conference on the part of
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 85) for the dis-
posal of the public lands for homestead actual
settlement in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida, Mr.
Kirkwood, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Davis.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the memorial of
H. Nielander and sundry others, citizens of
Lansing, in the State of Iowa, remonstrating
against the passage of a law which will author-
ize the erection of bridges across the Missis-
sippi river that will be obstructions to the nav-
igation thereof. The subject, 1 believe, is before
the Senate now, and I will therefore move that
the memorial lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of the
Sugar River Valley Railroad Company, pray-
ing for a grant of lands to aid in the construc-
tion of their road from Freeport, Illinois, to
Madison, Wisconsin; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
George W. Lake, late second lieutenant of the
ninth Veteran Reserve corps, in which he
humbly prays Congress to take measures to
secure the trial of J efferson Davis by a mili-
tary commission to be convened by the Presi-
dent of the United States under the authority
of the Congress of the United States, and he
proceeds to set forth sundry reasons in detail
for his prayer. Among other things, lie says
"The American people demand the trial of
Jefferson Davis by a military commission, so
"that justice may be done to the American peo-
ple and the thousands of Union soldiers who
nave gone to their final resting-places through
the traitorous acts of the said Jefferson Davis,
as well as justice to the said prisoner." He
then says that his petition is not drawn up out
of a desire for revenge, but that the prisoner,
Jefferson Davis, may have the proper mode of
trial prescribed for all prisoners of war, and
by which traitors have been tried before; that
the American people consider Jefferson Davis
a prisoner of war, captured by the Union
forces, and -they also consider that their repre-
sentatives in Congress have the power to bring
him to trial as soon as possible, in such a way
as they think proper.
I offered the other day a petition somewhat
similar in character to this, which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. I ask the same reference of this peti-
tion.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of
Graham J. Lester, of New York, praying that
the Secretary of the Treasury may be author-
ized to issue to liim an American register for
the Prussian-built bark Marget; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial
of George W. Fisk, praying for compensation
for services rendered as United States consul
at Niiigpo, China, and for damages incurred
by reason of the protest and return of his
drafts to China; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
reports of committees.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Benjamin Franklin, a private in
company Ii, second Minnesota volunteers,
praying for a pension, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 839) granting a
pension to Benjamin Franklin. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
. On motion of Mr. WILLE Y, it was
Ordered, That the joint resolution (H. R. No. 24)
for the relief of Lucretia M. Perry, widow of the late
Nathaniel H. Perry, United States Navy, be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
deposits in national banks.
Mr. WILSON. I submit this resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Besolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into and report upon the condi-
tion of the national banks in the city of \Yashington
in the following particulars, namely: first, what
amounts of Government funds have been deposited
in said national banks, or any of them, in the past
twelve months; second, by whom, and under what
authority such deposits were made: third, what
amount and rate of interest, if any, has been allowed
on such deposits, and to whom payments of interest,
directly or directly, have been made.
By unanimous consent, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the honorable
member from Massachusetts that he had better
make his inquiry more extensive, perhaps, and
propose to inquire as to deposits in the other
national banks, for the same system has gone
on elsewhere, I am told.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to make
the resolution apply to other banks, if the Sen-
ator from Maryland so desires. I will sinfply
say that rumors are rife in regard to the pub-
lic moneys that have been deposited in these
banks in this city, and I wish to have them
investigated. I am willing, however, that in-
vestigation shall be made in regard to all the
banks of the country. I regard the whole sys-
tem as wrong, and I think it ought to bo ar-
rested, and certainly in all our large cities,
where it can be done, the public moneys should
be deposited in the Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON. No doubt about that.
Mr. WILSON. I saw that there were the
other day $3,300,000 or $3,400,000 of Gov-
ernment money deposited in this city in five
national banks.
Mr. JOHNSON. A great deal more than
that has been deposited.
Mr. WILSON. And one of these banks has
recently failed, and failed under circumstances
which, it seems to me, are certainly not cred-
itable to some of the Government officers. I
think it is time the system ceased. It is worse
than the old "pet-bank" system in the days
of General Jackson. I am for the sub-Treas-
ury system out and out, and letting the Gov-
ernment take care of its own funds. We have
heard a great deal, lately, about expansion, and
still public money has been deposited in these
banks, in some cases to enormous amounts,
for the purpose of expanding credits. The
whole system is wrong, and I desire to see an
end put to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member,
I trust, did not suppose that I was hostile to
the investigation.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in favor of it; but
the same reports to which the honorable mem-
ber alludes as applicable to the banks here, I
have heard as applicable to the banks almost
everywhere. Whether they are well founded
or ill fonnded I do not know; butxit is very
important to the interests of the Government
that the matter should be investigated. I hope
the honorable member will alter his resolution
so as to make it general.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will consent to adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Maryland, and change his
resolution so as to apply to all of these banks.
T am very glad that he has called the attention
of the Senate and of the country to this subject.
Somp.weeks ago lintrodncedaresolution direct-
ing the Committee on Finance to inquire and
report to the Senate as to the propriety of re-
quiring by law that all public moneys in cities or
in the vicinity of cities where there is a sub-
Treasury should be deposited in the sub-Treas-
ury, and in the city of Washington in the Treas-
ury of the United States. I supposed the
Committee on Finance had that subject under
consideration, but I have not heard anything
from it. I do not know much about this sub-
ject of deposits, except from general rumor
and newspaper reports. If there be any accu-
racy in the statements we see published, it seems
to me this is a crying evil that should be reme-
died at once, and I trust that something will be
done to save the Government from any further
such losses as have occurred by the disastrous
failure of the Merchant's Bank of Washington.
It seems to me, if the present system shall be
continued, we are liable to just such disasters
as that, only on a still more momentous scale
than the one that has occured here right under
our eyes.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to modify the
resolution by striking out after the word '' bank''
the words "in the city of Washington;" so
that it will apply to the national banks gener-
ally.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be modified agreeably to the sugges-
tion of the mover, who has the power to alter it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
it read as it now stands.
The Secretary read the resolution as modi-
fied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would recommend
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
either to provide for the appointment of a spe-
cial committee on this subject, or to send the
resolution to the Secreta-ry of the Treasury. _ I
suppose that all the information asked for in
the resolution, except in the last part with ref-
erence to the interest paid, which would require
a specific examination, could be furnished at
the Department without any difficulty. I should
have no objection to the resolution going to the
Committee on Finance but for this reason : we
are now very near the last of the session, and
the Committee on Finance have quite as much
business before them as it is possible for them
to attend to. In a very short time we shall have
the tax bill, which will take up a great deal of
our time, and probably occupy every day and
every evening for some considerable period;
and with the other bills and business on hand
it would be impossible for that committee to
make this inquiry, in my judgment. I there-
fore propose that some other direction shall
be given to the resolution. As to the subject-
matter of it, I think it is highly proper, and
in the existing state of things essential, that
such an inquiry should be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the honor-
able member from Massachusetts that he had
better refer the subject to a special committee,
as the Committee on Finance have more busi-
ness than they can attend to, or as much, at
any rate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
had better do that or send it to the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. WILSON. I will modify the resolution
still further by changing it to a special com-
mittee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear
the resolution read as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That a select committeo he appointed to
inquire into and report upon the condition of llie
national banks in the following particulars, namely:
first, what amounts of Governmont funds have been
deposited in said national banks or any of them in
the past twelve months: second, by whom, and un-
der what authority, such deposits were made: third,
what amount and rate of interest, if any, has been
allowed on such deposits, and to whom payments of
interest, directly or indirectly, have been made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
