1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2795
chairman of the Committee on Finance, or the
Senator from Massachusetts, who I suppose
has examined the subject, whether the national
banks are not made depositories by the law.
Mr. GRIMES. They can be designated.
Mr. HENDRIQKS. The Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized by the law to make cer-
tain banks depositories of the public money.
Mr. CLARK, He designates which of the
banks shall be depositories.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And upon such secu-
rity as he may see (it to require.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that I have
examined the law on this subject, in pursuance
of the order of the Senate, and I do not see
anything in the banking law that justifies any
one depositing the public money in the national
banks except the Treasury Department and
the collectors of internal revenue. The habit
that has sprung up of paymasters and disburs-
ing officers depositing the public money in these
banks, it seems to me, is a violation of the law.
Mr. CLARK. But the Senator will find that
the Department does designate certain banks
as depositories.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but I say
there is nothing in the law that directly con-
templates the depositing of public money by
disbursing officers in national banks, and such
a practice is very wrong.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
without amendment the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 74) providing for the acceptance of a col-
lection of plants tendered to the United States
by Frederick Peeh.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(S. No. 107) to incorporate the Women's Hos-
pital Association of the District of Columbia,
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 116) to prevent the introduc-
tion of cholera into the ports of the United
States.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 46G) erecting the Terri-
tory of Montana into a surveying district, and
for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 016) for the relief of Lu-
cinda Gates.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bill; which there-
upon received the signature of the President
rrro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of Cor-
nelius B. Gold, late acting assistant paymaster
United States Navy.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 134, relative to appointments in
the Military Academy of the United States.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Rhode
Island, I believe, has an amendment to pro-
pose to the resolution. It was laid over the
other day to enable him to do so.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer this amendment
to come in as a new section:
And heir, further resolved, That in all appointments
of cadets to the Military Academy after the present
year the person authorized to nominate shall nomi-
nate not less than live candidates for each vacancy,
all of whom shall be actual residents of the congres-
sional district. Territory, or District of Columbia, en-
titled lo the appointment; and the selection ©f one
shall be made from the'eandidates according to their
respective merits and qualifications, under such rules
and regulations as the Secretary of War shall from
time to time prescribe; but this shall not apply to
the appointment of cadets authorized by the Presi-
dent of the United States.
This is in accordance with the recommenda-
tion of General Delafield, the head of the Engi-
neer corps, and is also in the spirit of the recom-
mendation of every Board of Visitors of the
Military and Naval Academies for a number of
years. General Delafield, in his last annua?
report, says:
"The difficulties that have been experienced for
years past in training the minds and bodies ot the
young gentlemen sent to the Academy to prepare
them for usefulness as members of the military pro-
fession arise mainly from the qualifications of the
candidates being so exceedingly limited. While at
the present time it may not be expedient to increase
the standard for admission, I do urgently recommend
that a selection from at least five candidates to be
nominated for each appointment may be authorized
by law, when every section of the country would
mora certainly have its due proportion of graduates
entering the Army annually. Should this principle
be authorized by law, the examination of the candi-
dates could be ordered in several sections of the coun-
try, at convenient military posts, and thus save a
great annual expense now incurred by partially edu-
cating and returning deficient cadets to their distant
homes, insure a much greater proportion of members
who could master thecourseof studies, and avoid the
numerous and free;uent discharges from theAeademy
forinability to acquire the reexuisite information and
proficiency for a graduate of this institution."
The principle of this amendment was adopted
by the Senate at the last session of Congress,
but it failed to receive the assent of the House
of Representatives. The amendment is now
modified in such a way that I hope it will secure
the assent of the other branch of Congress.
It has been recommended by all the Boards of
Visitors; it is recommended, so far as I know,
by all the military officers and the naval offi-
cers and by all the educators of the country.
It is a principle which has been adopted in
every other military country. It has prevailed
in France for more than seventy years, and
military men know how much it has done for
the renown and glory of the French power.
It has been adopted in England since the Cri-
mean war from the observation of the supe-
riority of the French service over the English.
A commission was appointed to inquire into
that evident superiority, and upon the report
of that commission the competitive system
was adopted in the English service. It pre-
vails in Austria; it prevails in Prussia; it
prevails in Italy, and, so far as I know, in all
military countries except Russia. What the
practice there is I do not know.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this joint reso-
lution was called up the other day, I asked
the postponement of it until the Senator from
Rhode Island should return, with a view to
his being heard upon this proposition. Since
then I have reflected somewhat upon the prop-
osition, and I believe it would be well to adopt
it in its present shape. I think it would to a
very large extent reduce the per cent, of ap-
pointees to that institution who are found not
qualified for the position. I think it would be
well enough to try it, to say the least of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
why it is that it is proposed to fix the age at
twenty-two rather than the age that has been
fixed heretofore.
Mr. WILSON. The ages now are sixteen
and twenty-one. This proposes to make it
seventeen and twenty-two. It was thought by
many persons, and some of those connected
with the institution, that sixteen was an age too
young for admission, that seventeen was about
the proper age; and therefore this change lias
been made to carry it up one year, and extend
it one year beyond twenty-one excepting in
some Special cases of soldiers who have served
in the war. Those, however, will be very
limited.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not heard of any ob-
jection to the present limit: and 1 was fearful
that probably this provision resulted from such
a condition of things as happened two years
ago when we changed the limit as to admission
to the Naval Academy. There happened to be
a likely young boy who was a little over the age
of seventeen and could not be admitted; and I
believe that it was purely through the influence
that was exerted by the friends of that young
man that we changed the pex'iod to eighteen
years. He was admitted, went to the Acad-
emy, was there three months, and was unable
to make any progress in his studies, had not
any adaptation to the profession at all, and was
dismissed; and we have now upon the statute-
book a limit of eighteen years in place of sev-
enteen years, when every naval officer concurs
in the opinion that the shorter number of years
is the proper age for boys to go into the naval
service. I do not know whether there is any
such difficulty in the case of the Military-
Academy.
Mr. WILSON. This measure comes from
the House of Representatives, and General
Schexck, chairman of the Military Committee
there, was one of the visitors at West Point
last year. I am not sure that that board rec-
ommended this change, but I know they recom-
mended the change in regard to waiting a year
after the appointment.
Mr. NESMITH. With the permission of
the Senator from Massachusetts, I will state
that the board last year did recommend and
almost every board for several years has rec-
ommended the change; and with the permis-
sion of the Senator, I will read the recommen-
dation from the report of the Board of Visitors
last year:
"Candidates may now be admitted between the
ages of sixteen and twenty-one. We recommend that
in future no one be received who is under seventeen
or more than twenty-two years of age. The severity
of the physical training and discipline is such that
youths of sixteen often do not possess the requisite
strength and power of endurance. A greater maturity
of mind and body of those entering seems desirable."
That is the recommendation of the board
last year.
Mr. WILSON. General Delafield strongly
recommended carrying the minimum age to
seventeen.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Andbeit further resolved, Thathereafter the Super-
intendent of the Military Academy may be selected
from any corps of the Army.
At present the Superintendent is compelled
to be selected from the Engineer coi'ps, and it
has been thought by a great many that, as the
character of the institution has changed a good
deal since its first organization, this is an un-
just discrimination against other officers of the
service; and I will read what the Board of Vis-
itors last year recommended on that subject:
"1. We are of opinion that the law should be so
changed as that the snpcrintendcncy of the_ Academy
may be thrown open to the whole Army instead of
confining the selection, as now, to an officer of tho
Engineer corps. Tho institution having ceased to be
onlv, or mainlv, a school for engineers, as at first es-
tablished, and having bccome the one great national
military and polytechnic institute of our country,
the reason for such exclusiveness no longer exists,
and it is recommended that the appointment bo free
hereafter to every arm of the service."
Mr. "WILSON. I doubt very much the ex-
pediency of this amendment. I know that
many eminent men of the Army have been in
favor of this change, but we do not know cer-
tainly how it may work: and if the change is
made men may be appointed for other than
military considerations. I certainly hope that
the proposition will not be put upon this reso-
lution now, for I am anxious to get the resolu-
tion through this morning, and we shall very
soon probably have up the Army appropriation
bill or some other bill to which this amendment
can be moved; and as attention has now been
called to the subject, Senators can reflect upon
it. I hope it will not be pressed to a vote now ;
if it is, I shall vote against it.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 think it is exceedingly
appropriate that this amendment should be put
upon this resolution. This is a joint resolution
in relation to the Military Academy, and I think
there can be no more appropriate place for it.
If the Senator from Massachusetts will consult
the Army officers, and those of most distinc-
tion ifi the country, I think he will find that
