1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
Governor Browolow, of Tennessee, gives us
some information in a letter, as follows:
Nashville, March 8.
Deak Sir: Inclosed i send you a copy of my proc-
lamation, from which you will learn that a faction
°5-i^vei1Y"?n.e disorganizers here, In the true spirit
oi tne late iniquitous rebellion, have withdrawn and
reduced our House of Representatives below a quo-
rum.! need not add further remarks, as the proc-
lamation fully discusses the points at issue.
On J?riday last the election of county officers took
jplaec throughout the State, such as clerks, sheriffs,
Justices, trustees, and tax collectors; and in Middle
and West lennessee the rebels have made a clean
sweep, turning the Union men out and electing their
own candidates, who electioneered for office on the
ground that they were rebels, and had either served
m the rebel army, or in some other capacity had
given their influence to the cause of treason and
traitors.
•When Richmond fell and Lee surrendered, rebels,
and many who sympathized with them, were very
respectful to Union men—often obsequious; guilty
culprits, they evidently feared arrest and punish-
ment, and tclt that to be let alone and allowed to
live was all they had a right to expect. But since
Pardons have boon so multiplied, and no man is pun-
ished, they have everywhere become impudent and
defiant, until m most counties in Middle and West
lennessee it is disreputable to have been a Union
man, or, as a southern man, to have served in the
Union Army. And matters are growing worse, the
leconstructed traitors openly cursing loyal men, and
threatening them with shooting or hanging, boa sting
that they have the President on their side, while we
all feel that the President's policy is ruinous to us.
There is twice the amountof bitterness and intol-
erance in the South to-day toward the Union and
everything northern, that there was at the time of
Lee's surrender. Abuse of Union men, of the rad-
ical majority in Congress, and self-assumed supe-
riority on the part of southern chivalry, have arisen
to such a height that loyal men cannot travel on a
steamboat, or in a railroad car, without being in-
sulted. # As it was during the war so it is now—all
concessions from the North, or from the majority in
Congress, arc regarded as evidences of fear. All the
old rebel papers of 1861, and many new ones, are
in full blast, threatening Congress and the North
with ultimate vengeance, and boasting of southern
prowess. The most popular men in the largest por-
tion of Tennessee to-day are the men most distin-
guished for their hostility to the North, and what
they are pleased to call the "radical Congress," and
they are the class of men selected to fill offices, as the
late county elections show. The same is true of the
entire South, only to a greater extent. In a word,
they arc resolved on breaking up the Government,
and they expect to carry out their schemes through
the ballot-box. And how men of candor and intelli-
gence can represent them as loyal and kindly dis-
posed is a mystery to me, oven in this ago of rebel-
lion and treachery. I do not understand them, and
my opportunities for learning their temper and ulti-
mate purposes arc as good as those of most men.
Why, sir, many of them are expecting the Presi-
dent to disperse Congress with the bayonet, as Crom-
well dispersed the Long Parliament. The southern
heart is rapidly being tired to deeds of war, and all
this, and more, as I believe, has been caused by the
mistakes of the President. His plan of trusting reb-
els with their State governments has had au effect
exactly the opposite of what he intended. It has
ruined the prospects of the Union men, and they feel
that there is no safety for them, unless Congress shall
choose to protect them. Even three days ago Gen-
eral Thomas had to send troops into Marshall county,
some sixty miles distant, to protect loyal men and
freedmen, who were fleeing for safety, and coming to
this city.
So far as I am individually concerned, the intem-
perate abuse ot rebels, (he denunciation and biack-
guaulism of their reconstructed journals, the threats
of personal violence trom the amnestied pat) io Is, and
the anonymous letters of cowards threatening my
assassination, all fall haimlcws at my feet. No earthly
power can drive me from the support of the men and
party who fought the battles of the late war, and put
down the rebellion. * H * * *
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. G. BKOWNLOW,
Governor of Tennessee.
Hon. "William D. Ivellky.
House of Representatives.
In the Cincinnati Commercial of February
26 I find these facts stated:
" Freepmex in Kentucky.—More than half a dozen
letters were to-day received by Representative Mc-
Kee, of Kentucky, detailing outrages against freed-
men of that State in various paits of his district.
One ease of the shooting of two negroes and robbing
them of all their families had occurred, and upon
the arrest of the perpetrators of the act by the agents
of the bureau they were discharged on a writ of
habeas corpus sued out and tried boforo the circuit
judge oftheStatecourt. Another case where a party
of white men went to the house of an old negro nearly
eighty years of age, anda free man neailyall hislifc,
robbed him of his money, and kicked him to death.
They then raked coals trom the lire and putting him
on them, roasted firatone side, then theother. They
also burnt two olhersncarly to death, putting out the
eye of one. and boasted that they had not only in-
tended to drive out the negroes, but intended also to i
drive out certain whites."
The Italeigh (North Carolina) Progress of i
March 21, under the caption, "The Exodus
Continued," says:
" We have already noticed the arrival of a party of
some twenty-five persons belonging to tho Society
of 1 riends, in Washington city, en route for the North,
and now we learn thaton Monday night about eighty
more passed through this oity for the same destina-
tion, and that one hundred and fifty more will follow
in a few days. This is a cheerful picture, truly. While
white laborers arc invited from abroad the best white
laborers already here are leaving us, and leaving
because they are denied that equality and protection
which they feel they ought as loyal citizens to enjoy.
Ihe Quakers, as these poople are commonly called,
are a patient, peaceable, industrious, law-abidingset
of people; they will havenostrifes among themselves
or with other people; they took no part in the late
war beyond what they were forced to do at the point
of the bayonet; they were truo to tho United States
Government at heart and in act as far as possible all
the time; and they hailed the day of their deliver-
ance as an era of great joy. They did their own work,
would never own slaves, and did not look on slavery
as the greatest of blessings or slaveholders as being
any better than other respectable people. They have
not given any ono just cause of offense, and yet, be-
cause they would take no voluntary part in tho war
against the Government, and hailed with joy the com-
ing of their deliverers, they are driven out from the
land of their nativity and the homes of their child-
hood by persecutions and oppressions heaped upon
them by tho disaffected. These Quakers are honest
and straightforward, frank and truthful; these are
the tales they tell here before leaving, and they will
repeat the same at Washington and as they journey
North; and the simple recital will have a more pow-
erful effect upota the northern mind and the Congress
of the United States than tho studied storios of all
the witnesses that have been before the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction relative to tho condition of
affairs in North Carolina. They tell that they are
driven out by persecutions, and that they have been
hunted down because of their opposition to the war
and their devotion to the Union, and all tho smooth-
ing over of Mr. Graham and others as to the harmony
and loyalty which they assert exists here will not
counteract thoir simple narrative."
Major General George H. Thomas, in com-
mand of the department including Kentucky,
Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi,
in his evidence before the reconstruction com-
mittee, testified in relation to Alabama as fol-
lows :
"I do not think it would be expedient to remove tho
troops until the people show that they are themselves
willing and determined to execute civil law with
impartial justice to all pai ties. I think public senti-
ment is divided on the subject of allowing freedmen
to become freeholders. I have heard of no legislation
on that subject cither to empower them to become
freeholders or to prohibit them frorb, becoming such.
If the national troops and Frecdincn's Bureau were
to be withdrawn from the State at this time, I do not
believe the Union men or the freedmen could have
justice done them. Injustice toward them would
commence in suits in courts for petty offenses, and
neighborhood combinations to annoy them so much
that they could not reside among them. I am satis-
fied, until a better state of feeling shall arise, that if
all restraint should be removed, tho freedmen would
bethiown back into a condition of virtual slavery;
that is, they would be compelled by legislative enact-
ments to labor for littlo or no wages, and legislation
would assusBac such form that they would not dare to
loave their employers for fear of punishment; and
unless men who had been Union men through the
war had very strong personal friends they could not
live in the State; they would be annoyed so much in
various ways that they could not live there in any
pcaee or comfort. 1 think emigrants from abroad
would be kindly received, but 1 think emigrants from
the North, or_ Union men, would bo coldly received
and treated with indifference. 1 do cot know whether
any effort has been made or not to ascertain whether
the negroes would be willing to remove to anyTerri-
tory assigned to them, if that was to be done, but from
myknowledgo of negro character, I think they would
object to it. I think the mass of them desire very
much to continue to live in their old neighborhoods,
and with their old masters—invariably where they
have been treated well as slaves.
"I was born in a southern State and reared, to the
age of nineteen, in that country. Since T have been
in the Army my service has been mostly in the south-
ern States and on the frontier bordering on southern
States."
But wc are gravely told that—
"The Constitution does not delegate io the United
States the power to punish offenses against the life,
liberty, or property of the citizen in the States, nor
does it prohibit that power to the States, but leaves
it as the reserved power of the States to bo by them
exercised."—Speech in (,'onaress, March 7, citing 1
Kent, lecture 19, section *116; Globe, March 10.
This docs not quite meet the question. The bill
does not undertake " to punish offenses against
the life, liberty, or property of the citizen in
the States."
If States should undertake to authorize such
offenses, or deny to a class of citizens all pro-
tection against them, we may then inquire
whether the nation itself may be destroyed by
this insidious means.
The question before us now is this:
When the States deny to millions of citizens
the means without which life, liberty, and prop-
erty cannot be enjoyed, is the nation powerless
to punish the great crime of denying civil rights
constitutionally recognized and affirmed by na-
tional authority ? That is, if a State, by her
laws, says to whole classes of native or nat-
uralized citizens, "You shall not buy a house
or a homestead to shelter your children within
our borders;" "you shall be deprived of the
means whereby life is preserved, whereby lib-
erty is a boon, and whereby property is held
sacredj" "you shall have no right to sue in
our courts or make contracts'-'—in such cases, is
the nation powerless to intervene in behalf of
her own citizens, in behalf of humanity itself,
to avert the annihilation of citizenship? Now,
when this condition of affairs has been reached,
I maintain that Congress may by law secure the
citizens of the nation in the enjoyment of their
inherent right of life, liberty, and property,
and the means essential to that end, by penal
enactments to enforce the observance of the
provisions of the Constitution, article four,
section two, and the equal civil rights which it
recognizes or by implication affirms to exist
among citizens of the same State.
Congress has the incidental power to enforce
and protect the equal enjoyment in the States
of civil rights which are inherent in national
citizenship. f The Constitution declares these
civil rights to be inherent in every citizen, and
Congress has power to enforce the declaration.
If it has not, then the Declaration of llights is
in vain, and we have a Government powerless
to secure or protect rights which the Constitu-
tion solemnly declares every citizen shall have.
And now let us consider these propositions
briefly.
The Constitution declares that—
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizcns in tho several
States."
I will concede that the courts have by con-
struction limited the words " all privileges" to
mean only "some privileges."
In a note to this section of the Constitution,
in Brightly*s Digest, it is said:
# " This is confined to those privileges and immuni-
ties which are in their nature fundamental, which
belong of right to the "citizens of all free Govern-
ments, and which have at all times been enjoyed by
the citizens of the several States which compose this
Union from the time of their becoming free, inde-
pendent, and sovereign. They may all lie compre-
hended under the following general heads: protec-
tion by the Government, the enjoyment of life and
liberty, with the right to acquire and possess prop-
erty of every kind, and to pursue and obtain happi-
ness and safety, subjcct, nevertheless,to such restraints
as the Government may justly prescribe for the gen-
eral good of the whole. The right of a citizen of ono
State to pass through or to reside in any other State,
for purpose of trade, agriculture, professional pur-
suits,or otherwise, to claim the benefit of the writof
habeas corpus, to institute and maintain actions of
any kind in tho courts of the Sta tes, to take, hold, and
dispose of property, either real or personal, and an
exemption from higher taxes or impo&itions than aro
paid by the other citizcns of the State, maybe men-
tioned as some ofthc particular privileges and immu-
nities of citizcns which are clearly embraced by tho
general description of principles deemed to be fun-
damental."—Corjiehl vs. Coryell, 4 VTW<. C. C. JL.
380; Conner vs. Elliott, 18 Howard, 591; Murray vs.
McUarty, 2 Munf., 393; United States vs. Williamson, 4
American Lawliegister, 10; People vs. Leninion, 5Lavo
48<>; Lawrence1'# Whcaton <>a International Law,
909; Calhoun's Speech, Senate, April 2, 1830; Sergeant
on Constitution, chap. 31. p. 348; chap. 31, p. 393, 2a eel.;
0 lJickeriny JL, 92; 2 Story on Constitution, 005.
Kent says that if citizens
"Remove from one State to another they aro
entilled to the privileges 1 lint, jhm-miii.s (if h.imu
description are entitled to in the Stato to which the
removal is made."
That is, distinctions created by nature of sex,
age, insanity, &c., are recognized as modifying
conditions and privileges, but mere race or
color, as among citizens, never can. And this
view Kent proceeds to recognize as to funda-
mental rights by citing with approval the case
of Corfield vs. Coryell, 4 Wash. C. C., 380, and
stating the rule of constitutional iaw to be—
"That the privileges and immunities conceded hy
the Constitution of the United States to citizens in
the several States wero to bo confined to those which
were in their nature fundamental, and belonged of
right to the citizons of all freo Governments. Such
