1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
375£
framed, I shall vote for the motion made by the
Senator from Iowa, toinstructthe Finance Com-
mittee to report the bill at the beginning of the
next session of Congress. I hope then to see
reported a tariff for revenue, with incidental
protection, in which the conflicting and varied
industries of the people will be so adjusted and
harmonized that it will receive the vote of Con-
gress and the approval of the public judgment,
and remain for years an evidence'of the intel-
ligence and integrity of the two Houses of
Congress.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not desire to occupy
the attention of the^enate more than a. mo-
ment upon this question. I simply wish to ex-
press the hope that the Senate will refe%the
bill, without instructions, to the Committee on
Finance, and that they will report a bill in ac-
cordance with the usual mannerpursued by that
committee. It will be recollected, in reference
to the tax bill, that that committee ent?rtained
the subject at a very late period of the session,
occupied but a very few _days in its considera-
tion, and presented it to the Senate in a com-
paratively perfect manner. It was promised
by all those who took an interest iu the subject
of taxation that after the disposal of that bill
the tariff would be adjusted in accordance with
the revision of the tax bill. This bill is but a
continuation of the tax bill; it is a part and
parcel of it; and without it the other one is of
no value and no consequence to the country,
to its interests, to its industry, or to anything
that at present occupies the attention of the
people.
is ow, sir, in regard to the point that has been
made here that there has been no time devoted
to the consideration of this subject, I will say
that the committee in the other Honse devoted
seven long months to its consideration. They
have sent a measure here as perfect as, in the
nature of things, it could be sent. There are
some points in it in regard to which men from
New England may differ as to its particular
advantage to that section. Everybody may well
concede that; but, sir, that the interest of this
whole country is not very much benefited by
this tariff, I deny; and I deny, also, that the
manufacturing and other industrial interests of
this country are not very much in need of an
adjustment of the tariff. Why, sir, the whole
woolen industry of this country is prostrate.
It cannot live, it will not live, if the present
state of things continues. No new enterprises
will be entered into; and if you strike a blow
at it now the old ones will hesitate, will pause,
and cease to operate.
You have throughout the whole session been
devoting your attention to see how you would
dispose of the public money. There has been
hardly a day that I have occupied a seat here
but what there have been propositions before
lis to appropriate the public money for some
object or artother. To-day when a measure is
introduced to enable us to raise the money to
be devoted to those appropriations, what do
you say? You have not time to devote your-
selves to the great industries of this country.
I have heard no reason adduced by any Sena-
tor who has opposed the present consideration
of this measure that seems to me worthy of
attention, or sufficient to make any Senator,
favorable to a tariff and to the protection of
American industry, hesitate as to the vote he
shall give. New England may complain at
lumber being taxed, at coal being taxed, and
because there is a duty on salt: but, sir, those
in my judgment are very immaterial elements
in connection with this bill. The tax on the
coal that is introduced into this country from
Nova Scotia really amounts to nothing, for the
reason that it has been discovered by all those
who have used the two articles of coal that the
southern coal, the Maryland and Virginia coal,
is superior to the coal received from Nova Sco-
tia, and sufficiently so to counterbalance the
difference in duties.
There are in this country two great interests
that have recently gaii ed some strength and
some foundation. One is the woolen interest,
but a youthful growth. It has been within the
last twelve years that it has gained any foun-
dation or any strength. The linen interest is
another. The attention of the people of the
country and of the legislation ot the country
has been directed to them, and at this session
the Senate legislated specially for one of those
interests.
Mr. President, to my mind every considera-
tion connected with the industry of the coun-
try, the finances of the country, and the pros-
perity of the people, demands that this bill
should be taken up at the present time, should
be legislated upon, and given to the country as
the law of the land.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion before the Senate is that the bill from the
House of Representatives be referred to the
Committee on Finance. As an amendment to
that motion the Senator from Iowa moves that
the committee be instructed to postpone their
report until the second Wednesday in Decem-
ber next: and the question is 011 the amend-
ment to the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I demand the yeas and
nays on that amendment to the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. There is only one thing I wish
to add to what has been said as a reason why
this measure should not be postponed. It is a
view that has hardly been touched, I believe,
in the course of the argument, and it is one
that occurs to me as being of very great weight.
Of course I am not prepared to take the bill
up, if it was in order to do so, and to argue it
in detail; but I feel the exceeding importance
of the measure before us in one view that is
now perfectly in order ; and that is, the busi-
ness of the country is languishing and embar-
rassed all the time because we do not fix upon
something in relation to the tariff? We have been
here for nearly eight months, and we have kept
business men in perfect, uncertainty as to what
we would doaboutit. They stand inperil and
in jeopardy every hour, because they do not
know what course we are to take upon this sub-
ject ; and now you propose to keep them in
this kind of suspense for five or six or eight
months longer, perhaps to the very end of the
next session ; and then the argument would be
just as applicable as it is now.
Gentlemen tell us about the great delibera-
tion that should begiven to this subject. There
is not a Senator who does not know that from
the hour this Senate adjourns not a gentleman
here will turn his attention to this subject for
a single moment until we meet again, and if the
agitation of it has brought it under his consid-
eration now, he will during the vacation forget
what he knows upon the subject at present. It
is all idle to tallyrbout that. I know the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts says he _is going^ to
have it so entirely perfect that it will stand for-
ever. The House of Representatives have been
nearly eight months in coming to a conclusion
satisfactory to themselves, with all the light that
the commissioners who had the subject under
consideration could throw'upon it; and yet
gentlemen rise here and say they are not pre-
pared to vote upon it, but they have seen enough
of it to know that it is full of all kinds of^the
most egregious errors and absurdities. That
is not very complimentary to those who have
had it under consideration so long and who
have come to conclusions satisfactory to them-
selves. I do not know but that gentlemen can
see great errors in it; I do not know but that
the subject is one about which mathematical
certainty can be brought to bear; but I never
heard that it could, and I never believed.^ that
it could. No one man can comprehend it all,
or begin to comprehend it all; but when the
best minds of the country, those having the
[ greatest experience and knowledge on this sub-
I ject, have deliberated upon it for eight long
| months, with every facility that this Legislature
j could place in their hands to come to a right
i: conclusion, I am not prepared to say that all
ji their work is most absurd and ought to be re-
M vised from beginning to end. I do not believe
j' it; and 1 believe we are as ready now, to;day,
l! to enter upon the consideration of the bill as
/
we ever shall be, and I know that the interests
of the country are languishing on account, of
this delay. Sir, you had better stand by your
present tariff to-day than to postpone this meas-
ure and keep the business of the country in this
jeopardy of suspense all the time. It is better
that 3'ou should say you will not revise your
present tariff, full of errors as it is, than that
you should postpone this bill. If you postpone
it, the question with business men will be, as
it has been for a year past, " What will^Con-
gress do when they come together? How can
we invest our money, and how can we engage
in business?" "What will Congress do about
the tariff," will be a question that will be
attended with the constant stagnation of busi-
ness.
I am astonished that western men object to
this tariff bill. I know that the wool-growing
interest of the Northwest is an immense inter-
est. I do not believe there is a gentleman
here from that region but what has been over-
whelmed with letters on the subject, endeavor-
ing to get a tariff on wool, from the Northwest
everywhere. If there is such a one his experi-
ence has been very different from what mine
has been. I believe that while this tariff is not
all they would wish for on that subject, it is of
great importance to them, and they are ready
and anxious that it should be acted upon.
Talk to me about localities! They have noth-
ing to do with it. If New England, under the
protecting influence of former tariffs and the
ingenuity of her people, has been enabled to
overcome all the difficulties that are incumbent
upon a people just entering upon- these manu-
facturing establishments, as they have been
overcome, so that in many branches of busi-
ness they can compete with the world, and do
not care about your protection, thatisno reason
wliv we in the Northwest, who are in the same
condition that they formerly were when they
wanted protection, should throwitoff and throw
everything in their hands. In my judgment, it
is the same species of absurdity for the great
Northwest to go to New England for every-
thing of a manufactured kind that she 'wants
as it is for her to go to Old England. All the
difference is in distance ; in principle it is the
same. That great Northwest, which is des-
tined yet to be the glory of this great nation,
will never attain the condition she ought to
have in this Republic until by protection she
does build up manufactures and can vie with
the world in that respect. There is no other
way to do it except by protecting our infant
establishments against thegreat monopolies that
can overwhelm us, and without protection it is
their interest to overwhelm us in New England,
and in England and other European countries.
There is nothing but labor that makes a people
great or rich or influential. If you do not en-
courage labor; if you do not bring every hand
to work at profitable labor, you never will build
up your institutions to that degiee of prosper-
ity which they ought to attain ; and you never
can do it except by protection. I say to-day,
even before we have established our institu-
tions at the West, a tariff would be infinitely
to our advantage.
Does any gentleman here wish tp bring the
American mechanic and laborer in his daily
wages down to the miserable starvation pau-
per prices of Europe? Does selfishness dic-
tate that you shall adopt a policy that will
compel you to do that? Sir, my sympathies
are with the laborer, and I never will make the
American mechanic compete with the pauper
of Europe. I will pay him more. Ilis work
then will be more profitable; it will be infi-
nitelv more enlightened; and very soon yoa
will find that the paid, intelligent labor of the
American citizen, built up under the protect-
ing influence of the Government, will be infi-
nitely superior, even to the employer, than the
pauper labor is. Who here is the advocate of
trampling down the American mechanic and
the American laborer?. I am for building them
up. 1 am for protecting the American laborer
everywhere against the pauper rivalry of Eu-
rope, or New England, if you please; and I
