1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has been, that every debtor ought to pay his
debts. If the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary would introduce a bill
authorizing every creditor of the Government
to pursue the Government just like a private
individual, and that the Government, when a
judgment was had against it, should at once pay
the judgment debt, I think it would be the best
policy that could be adopted.
I know of no higher obligation than to pay a
debt due from the Government to its creditors.
It to me is a farce, adenial of justice, for a Gov-
ernment to owe honest debts and to allow 110
mode for coercing payment. For myself, I am
in favor of that obligation of the Government
as far as practicable. I think, in relation to
' the bill now under consideration, that whenever
there is a judgment of the Court of Claims
against the Government for a debt, the law
ought to instruct the Treasury officers at once
to pay it. The idea of a Government that is
intended to protect all people and to secure to
them what are their rights, being bound by no
practical obligation for the payment of its debts,
has to my mind always been an absurdity and
a piece of high injustice. I hope, therefore,
that the honorable chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary will propose an amendment
to thislawrequiring the Treasury officers, when-
ever there is a judgment in favor of a citizen
against the Government for a debt, to pay in-
stanter the amount of the judgment.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky certainly will have no objection to this
.JalL It may not go as far as he desires, but
the very object of this bill is to repeal a clause
which the Supreme Court construe as giving a
sort of discretion to the Treasury Department
to pay a judgment or not. Now, I desire to re-
peal that, so as to take away any such implica-
tion. It was upon that very ground that the
Supreme Court decided that they would not
entertain jurisdiction of an appeal. We wish
to remove that, so as to make the judgment
what the law intended it to be, a final judgment.
Mr. GUTHRIE. The reason very often why
judgments are not paid is because there is no
appropriation for them, and the remedy would
be to make appropriations. 1 know personally
that a great many judgments are not paid be-
cause there is no appropriation out of which they
can be paid, and it might be that if your Court
of Claims worked very fast, they would draw
upon what you provide to pay other things. In
looking at this matter, therefore, it is right to
look at your means and put your officers in pos-
session of them.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt that the sug-
gestion of my colleague is altogether correct,
and I would remedy the defect of want of appro-
priations by giving the same chancery proceed-
ings in favor of a creditor against the Govern-
ment that I would give in favor of a creditor
against an individual debtor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Kentucky one question, with his permis-
sion, and it is this : if a party should present
his claim to the Court of Claims, and that court
should give a very close construction tothe law
or the contract upon which the claim is based
and reject it, and the party thought he had a
good case, would not the Senate be willing to
: give an appeal to the Supreme Court? That is
: one of the purposes of this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and I would be will-
ing to vote a provision to make it mandatory
upon the court to entertain the appeal. I would
not leave it to their discretion at all.
: " Mr. HENDRICKS. This bill does not leave
- a discretion.
I Mr. DAYIS. I understand the objection to
the existing law, as made_ by the chairman of
; the Committee on the Judiciary, to be that the
f Supreme Court have assumed it as a principle
of the law, that where it is discretionary with
J the Treasury officer to pay the debt or not,
the court will not entertain an appeal. I would
' be willing to modify the law by requiring the
^ court to entertain the appeal. I would not allow
them to assume any such-position, and in that
i. Way to baffle the right of a citizen who thought
lie had not received justice in the Court of
Claims from the benefit of his appeal. But the
objection in my mind is this: that where a court
of the United States, be it the Court of Claims
or any other court, have rendered a judgment
in favor of a citizen against the Government,
the Government should be required to pay it,
and the officers of the Treasury who disburse
the public moneys should be required to make
payment upon the rendition of the judgment;
and if there is not on hand money with which
to pay the judgment, the creditor of the Gov-
ernment should have the same right, by seques-
tration and other chancery proceedings, to seize
upon the property or funds of the Government
that he would have to seize upon the property
or funds of an individual. I want the Govern-
ment to set the highest example of the payment
of debts, and I want the Government to be held
to the most direct and reasonable responsibility
for the payment of all its debts to the citizens
of the United States. 1 think that is the duty
of the Government toward every citizen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would prefer that this
bill should lie over for the present. I should
like to have an opportunity to look at it. I
have some doubt about it myself, and unless
my friend from Illinois is very anxious to have
it considered to-day, I prefer that it should go
over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not at all anxious
about it. I think it is a thing that ought to be
attended to. The construction of the law has
been such as not to carry out the intention of
Congress. The Senator seems to have taken
alarm, and supposes that here is a bill opening
the Treasury. It does not affeftt the course of
proceeding in any respect whatever, except to
remove the obstacle which the Supremo Court
say exists to entertaining appeals. The practice,
ever since the passage of that law, lias been for
the Treasury to make an estimate for the judg-
ments of the Court of Claims, and Congress
appropriated in its appropriation bill last year
a certain amount—I do not remember what it
was; two or three hundred thousand dollars, I
think—to pay the judgments of the Court of
Claims; and out of that appropriation the judg-
ments have been paid.
The Court, of Claims is a very cautious court;
and it has never rendered judgments up to the
amount that was appropri;fted to meet them;
and the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Guth-
rie"] who spoke on that subject must have
spoken in reference to the law as it existed be-
fore the act of 5803 was passed. Before 1863
the judgment was not conclusive. In 1803 we
amended the Court of Claims act, and made
the judgment of the Court of Claims conclusive;
and it was to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury appropriated for the purpose of. pay-
ing the judgments of the court. That was our
law; but as a safeguard we also required the
Supreme Court to take jurisdiction of all cases
where the judgment amounted to more than
three thousand dollars; and also of all cases
where the judgment would form a precedent
for the decision of other cases, or where a con-
stitutional question was brought in issue; but
the Supreme Court refused to entertain these
appeals. The law of 1803 is a positive statute
requiring them to do so. This is its language:
" That either party may appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States from any final judgment or de-
cree which may hereafter be rendered in any case by
said court wherein the amount in controversy exceeds
three thousand dollars, under such regulations as the
said Supreme Court may dircot."
Now they refuse to entertain that jurisdic-
tion, because of the fourteenth section of the
act of 18C3. That was not in the original bill
as it was reported from the committee. The
seventh section made provisions for paying the
judgments of the Court of Claims out of appro-
priations made by Congress for that purpose.
When the bill was pending, Mr. Hale, who was
then a member of the Senate, and who was
opposed to the bill, moved the fourteenth sec-
tion, which is as follows :
" That no money shall be paid out of the Treasury
for any claim passed upon by the Court of Claims till
after the appropriation tliereior shall bo estimated
for by the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does that have
to do with the question of appeals ? :
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Supreme Court have
decided that.it gives the Secretary of the Treas-
ury a supervisory power to pay the judgment
or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Even if it does, that
does not affect the question of appeal. -
Mr. TRUMBULL. They say that it affects
it in this way: that the judgment of the Court
of Claims is not a final judgment; that under
the -fourteenth section of this law, the Court of
Claims is a mere commission to examine) a
sort of board of auditors, and their judgment
not being final, they are not a court that can
enter judgments because they are subject to
departmental supervision under the fourteenth
section. Now, there is no such supervision
exercised; it is not in point of fact done ; but
the judgments are paid out of the appropria-
tion which we make; and the sole object of
this bill is to repeal that fourteenth section.-
When it was moved in the Senate as an amend-
ment—I recollect the circumstance very well—
I thought it had no effect whatever, and I recol-
lect making no objection to having it put upon
the bill; but it has presented a very serious
difficulty. The object of this bill is simply to
repeal that fourteenth section, so that the Su-
preme Court will take jurisdiction of the cases.
Now, if my friend from Maine wishes the bill
to go over so that he may have an opportunity
to examine it, I have no sort of objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am entirely willing that
it shall go over if any Senator wishes that course
taken. I move, therefore, that any further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills from tHe House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions:
A bill (H. R. No. 264) granting a pension to
Mrs. Altazera L. Wilcox, of Chenango county,
in the State of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 265) granting a pension to
John Hoffman, of Madison county, in the State
of New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 266) granting a pension to
Mrs. Elizabeth Fogg, of the State of Maine;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 267) granting a pension to
Virginia K. V. Moore.
sturgeon bay ship-canal.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 85) granting to the State of Wisconsin
a donation of public lands to aid in the con-
struction of a breakwater and harbor and ship-
canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county
of Door, in said State, to connect the waters of
Green bay with Lake Michigan, which has been
reported by the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to; and the Secretary
commenced the reading of the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 21, noes 10; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 9, 1866.
The -House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. B. W. Chidlaw.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the first
business in order is the call of committees for
reports of a private nature, beginning with the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, where the call
rested on last Friday.
adverse reports.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made advers®'reports in th#
