1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
are the rights of protection of life and liberty, arid to
acquire and enjoy property," &c.—2 Kent, 72.
And Judge Story, in commenting on article
four, section two, of the Constitution, says:
"The intention of this clause was to confer on them,
[citizens,J if one may so say, a general citizenship;
and to communicate all the privileged and immuni-
ties which the citizens of t,ho same State would be
entitled to under the like circumstances."—Scrg. on
Constitution, chap. 31, p. 381; chap. 33, p. 393; Liv-
ingston vs. Vanlngcn, 9 Johns li., 507; Abbott vs. Bag-
let/. 0 Peck, 02.
This clause of the Constitution asserts two
things:
_ 1. That there are "privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens."
2. That, "the citizens of each State" if they
remove from one State to another "shall be
entitled to all privileges and immunities of cit-
izens" of the United States "in the" State to
which they remove.
Th^Constitutioii does not define what these
privileges and immunities are; but all privi-
leges and immunities are "of two kinds, to wit,
those which I have shown to be inherent in
every citizen of the United States, and such
others as may be conferred by local lajv and
pertain only to the citizen of the State.
But conceding, as the courts have held, that
the privileges referred to in the Constitution are
such as are fundamental civil rights, not polit-
ical rights nor those dependent on local law,
then to what extent shall they be enjoyed by a
citizen of one State removing into another?
Not simply so far as they may be enjoyed by
"some portion'" or " some description" of'cit-
izens, but "all the privileges and immunities
of citizens that is, all citizens under the like
circumstances.
This section doe1! not limit the enjoyment
of privileges to such as may be accorded only
to citizens of " some class," or "some race,"
or "of the least favored class," or "of the
most favored class,"' or of a particular com-
plexion, for these distinctions were never con-
templated or recognized as possible in funda-
mental civil rights, which are alike necessary
and important to all citizens, and to make ine-
qualities in which is rank injustice.
This clause of the Constitution therefore rec-
ognizes but one kind of fundamental civil priv-
ileges equal for all citizens. No sophistry can
cliafigo it, no logic destroy its force. There it
stands, the palladium of equal fundamental
civil rights for all citizens?.
Any law that invades its fundamental equal-
ity is void, and so it has always been under-
stood.
lii the great case of Lynch vs. Clarke, 1 Sand-
ford's Chancery lleports, 045, the court says:
"The Articles of Confederation between the States
made no provision tor naturalizing aliens. Each
State was left to its own legislation on that subject;
and the buys of the several States on that behalf
prevailed within their own bounds until the -ilh of
March, 1780, or until the legislation of Congress m
1700—when the Oo_n?titution took effect; therefore,
it found the existing raa>s of citizens of the United
States ascertained and defined. It was not neces-
sary to enact anything further in reference to those
citizens than -was done in the section which gave
them immunities as citizens alike in all the States.
Brit, as we have seen, it was necessary to provide for
the boundless future. State laws and State legisla-
tion could not in the natureot things he longer per-
mitted to define, ahridgo, or enlarge the important
privilege of citizenship in the United States. It was
purely a national right and one which must for the
future be ^ov^rned by rules operating alike upon
evciy part ot the Union."
My learned and able colleague [Mr. Siiel-
LabargetiJ has furnished unanswerable author-
ities 011 this point. (Speech of March 0.)
The national Government is the depositary
of the power to enforce the enjoyment of these
fundamental rights when denied or destroyed
by State authority. J
In Priggas. Pennsylvania, 1G Peters' Reports,
539, the Supreme Court, in discussing the fugi-
tive slave clause of the Constitution, said:
"Thefundamentalprin'>iples applicable to alleases
of this sort would seem to be that where the end is
required the means are driven; and where the dutyis
enjoined the ability tn perform it is contemplated" to
exist on the part ol the functionaries to whom it is
intrusted. The clause is found in the national Con- 1
Stitution and not in that of any State. It does not I
point out any State functionaries or any State ac- I
tion to carry its provisions into effect. The Stales '
cannot, therefore, be compelled to enforce them;
and it might well bo deemed an unconstitutional
exercise of the power of interpretation to insist that
the States are bound to provide means to carry into
effect the duties of the national Governmentnowhere
delegated or intrusted to them by the Constitution.
On the contrary, the natural, if not the necessary,
conclusion is, that the national Government, in the
absencc of all positive provisions to file contrary, is
bound, through its own proper department, legisla-
tive, judicial, or executive, as the case may require,
to carry into effect all the rights and duties imposed
upon it by the Constitution. The remarks of Mr.
^Madison, in the Federalist, (No. 43,) would seem in
such cases to apply with peculiar force. 'A right,' says
he, 'implies a remedy; and where else would the rem-
edy be deposited than where it is deposited by the
Constitution?' meaning, as the context shows, in the
Government of the United States."
Even State constitutions and laws cannot
stand in the way of the constitutional power of
Congress. (Jefferson Branch Bank vs. Skelly,
1 Blaek, 430; Franklin Branch Bank vs. Ohio,
1 Black, 474.)
Certainly then in aid of article four, section
two, of the Constitution, Congress has large
incidental powers to enforce its observance, so
essential to preserve the national life and the
means of national existence.
InMcCollochrs. Maryland (4"Wheaton, 316).
the general principle is announced that—
"The States have no power" ■=■ ■* * * "to
retard, impede, hinder, or in any manner control the
operations of the constitutional laws enacted by Con-
gress to carry into effect the powers vested in the na-
tional Government.
"If a certain means to carry into effect any of the
powers expressly given by the Constitution to the
Governmentot the Union be an appropriate measure,
not prohibited by the Constitution, the degree of il&
necessity is a question of legislative discretion, not
of judicial cognizance."
The same principle is affirmed in Bank of
Commerce vs. New York City, (2 Black, 620;)
Dobbins vs. Commissioners of Erie Co., (16
Peters, 435 ;) Weston vs. City Court of Charles-
ton, (2 Peters, 449-489.)
It is by virtue of these principles that a State
may not prohibit a national bank from locat-
ing therein ; that a State may not prohibit
national officers from exercising their duties;
that we enact penal laws against the people of
the States, and punish them if they
"Intimidate or impede any juror, witness, or officer
in any eoul t of the United States in the disehaige of
his duty."—Art nf March 2, 1831; 1 Brightly, 213.
No statesman or jurist has ever doubted the
power of Congress to enforce the efficacy of
the Constitution by penal enactments against
all who -would forcibly or otherwise molest Or
impede national officers in the exercise of their
official duties. All thisisdoneunderlheauthor-
ity of incidental power. And why? Because
these are means appropriate to carry into effect
powers of Congress. Protection by redress
in courts and penal enactments are just as
essential as the power to create officers and
clothc them with authority and rights and
duties.
Yet, when an alien who by law may be denied
all rights, and who cannot be guilty of treason,
becomes naturalized, and thus is clothed by
national authority with all the rights of an
American citizen owing allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, invested with civil rights declared to
be inherent and inalienable, shall Congress
have no'authority to protect him in the enjoy-
ment of these rights when they are stricken
down by State laws ?
As an alien may be deprived of all rights by
law, and oven excluded from the couutiy, it is
the act of naturalization, the condition of
national citizenship, that confers on him the
civil rights recognized by the Constitution. It
is citizenship, therefore, that gives the titie to
these rights to all citizens. From the very
nature of' citizenship, the avowed purpose of
the founders of our Government, and the inter-
pretation put upon the Constitution, it must be
clear that this hill creates no new right, confers
no new privilege, but is declaratory of what
is already the constitutional rights of every citi-
zen in every State, that equality of civil right3
is the fundamental rule that pervades the Con-
stitution and controls all Slate authority.
Now, assuming that in each State every citi-
zen has equally and alike all the civil ri'ghts
enumerated in this bill, there are two legal
modes of meeting any and every willful depri-
vation of these rights: one by action for damages
at common law in the courts, which, however,
will not lie against judicial officers; and an-
other by making it a penal offense, as the second
section of this bill docs, to—
"Subject or cause to be subjected any inhabitant of
any State or Territory to the deprivation of any right
secured or protected by this"
bill or by the Constitution.
As the remedy by action at common law
involves a construction of the Constitution, the
national courts will have ultimate jurisdiction
of these questions, for the Constitution provides
that—
"The [national] judicial_ power shall extend to all
cases m law and equity arising under this Constitu-
tion, the laws of the United States," &c.
If rights of citizens are recognized by and
secured to citizens by the national Constitution,
cannot Congress declare an invasion of these
rights a crime?
The whole question of the power of Congress
to enact this bill is resolved into this: when
the Constitution recognizes and secures rights
which are denied by State laws, may Congress
declare it a crime to execute or enforce uncon-
stitutional laws, to deprive a citizen of a con-
stitutional right?
There is 110 solitary right which the Constitu-
tion sanctifies, the invasion of which may not
be declared criminal, or be otherwise enforced.
The Constitution declares that—
"This Constitution and the laws of the United
States which shall bo made in pursuance thereof'
** * ^ 11 " shall be the supreme law of the
land, and the judges in every State .shall be hound
thereby, anything in the constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding."
This, sir, "invades the judicial power of a
State" whenever it undertakes to disregard
the national Constitution.
And shall it be said there is no power to
enforce this Constitution against all who would
intentionally defy and willfully disregard its
provisions?
On the 20th of March the Supreme Court of
the United States, in the great bank ease of Van
! Allen jjs. Nolan, affirmed the power of Congress
' to declare that banks created under national
law should share equal immunities in the States
with banks created therein. The court say:
"The decree of the court of appeals [of New York]
must be reversed on the ground that the enabling act
of the Stat© [of New York] of March 9.1865. does not
conform to the limitations prescribed by the act of
Congress passed June 3,1864. organizing the national
banks and providing for their taxation. The defect
is this: one of the limitations in the act of Conere.-s
is 'that the tax so imposed under the laws of any
State upon the shares of any a*sociation authorized
by this act shall not exceed the rate imposed upon
the shares^ of any of the banks authorized under
the authority of the State where such association 13
locatcrt.' The enabling act of the State contains no
such limitation; the banks of the State are taxed
upon their capital; and although the act provides
that tlio tax 011 shares of the national banks shall
notexceed tile par value, yet inasmuch asthecnpital
of the State banks may consist of the bonds of the
United States which are exempt from State taxation,
it is easy to see that & tax on the capital is not an
equivalent for thetax on the shnresot the stockhold-
ers. This is but an unimportant question, however,
as the defect may be readily remedied by the State
Legislature."
And will it be said that Congress may require
its corporate, persons to share equal privileges
and immunities with the corporate persons of
the States and that laws makin g discriminations
are unconstitutional and void, yet that State
laws when applied to citizens of the nation de-
nying them equal civil rights are valid ? Are
the rights of persons less sacred than the rights
of property ?
And if Congress may prohibit the States from
interfering with the rights, powers, and duties
of national officers by penal enactments, may
we not in the same mode protect citizens in the
\ enjoyment of civil rights sccured to them by
1 the Coftstitntion?
| Are the rights of citizens less sacred than the
: privilege of exercising national official func-
tions?
A State which denies to half its citizcns not
only all political, but their essential civil riglits,
recognized and confirmed by the national Con-
