1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
Their rank is not made up from their profi-
ciency in one study particularly, but in all
branches, and, among other things, conduct
and character. As this principle has been
established and has operated so well and been
productive of no evil, there is no motive to
throw it open that I can imagine, except that
occasionally a man may be found, who does
not belong to that particular corps, who may
be entirely competent to make a good Super-
intendent of the Academy; but it does not fol-
low that a man who has distinguished himself
in the field, and shown himself to be a very
capable and able officer in the field, in the com-
mand of men, is a proper man to take charge
of a military academy, a school of instruction.
You may go through the ranks of our Army
and pick out men who have distinguished them-
selves most, and among them you would cer-
tainly find a very considerable number who
would not be competent, or the right kind of
men, to place at the head of the Military
Academy.
I have regarded this movementas one rather
to gratify the pride of corps than anything else,
and perhaps the pride and ambition of indi-
viduals. Now, there are other fields for the
gratification of the ambition of leading and
distinguished officers. They are not abused by
being excluded, on account of their not belong-
ing to this particular corps, from the exercise
of this particular duty. The moment you throw
it open, and admit half a dozen corps to be
selected from, you will have', in the first place,
rivalries among all the corps to see which shall
furnish the Superintendent, and in addition the
rivalries existing among many individuals seek-
ing to be selected for that particular place,
which perhaps is thought to be an honorable
one. 1 have never known any great rivalry of
any great consequence to exist among these
officers for this position heretofore. There are
but a few, perhaps, who would be considered
as the proper men for it, but there are always
a sufficient number from whom to select. But
if you adopt this principle instead of having
that quiet in regard to the Academy which
it is desirable should exist, you would intro-
duce the confusion and the rivalries that would
result from making the number of men from
whom to select so very large. I do not feel dis-
posed to risk the institution itself, to risk its
advantages, to risk its good and well-being,
upon a struggle of this kind, which can have
no other purpose than to open this position to
a large number of men who might be ambitious
to be placed in a situation for properly dis-
charging the duties of which they had given no
evidence whatever by any particular distinction
in the line in which they ought to be distin-
guished in order to preside over a school of this
character. For these reasons I hope the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Oregon will not be adopted.
Mr. NESMITH. I think the Senator from
Maine is not entirely correct in his statement
with reference to this Academy, and the char-
acter of the boards of annual visitors. He
states that it is entirely a military question.
On the contrary, it is a question of education,
and those men who are qualified, as he him-
self states most decidedly on that question, arc
the very men who are competent to decide on
this. He says they are generally educated
men, presidents of colleges, editors of news-
papers, and men who have practical knowl-
edge upon the very questions which is there
brought to their attention and consideration ;
that is, the qnostion of education, education
generally to fit men for the discharge of their
appropriate duties in the Army.
The Senator says that an engineer officer is
selected for the discharge of this important
duty on account of his superior qualification
and fitness. And he says that he is superior
in all the branches of the service. There never
was a greater mistake in the world. The
engineer officer graduates at the head or near
the head of his class because of his proficiency
in, perhaps, a single branch, the branch of
mathematics.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. His standing in the class is made
up from his proficiency in all branches.
Mr. NESMITII. It is not on account of
superiority in any other branch. Mathematics
is the principal point upon which that selection
is determined at the time the class graduates.
Now, sir, when these men go forth from the
Academy, the engineer officer who is so profi-
cient in mathematics, in place of going into the
field, in place of going into the artillery, the
cavalry, or the infantry, or any other depart-
ment of the Army, goes directly into an office,
and there discharges the duty of an engineer
for ten, fifteen, or twenty years; and without
even having been placed in command of troops
or having any direct contact with them, because
he is expert in figures, he is supposed to go
back to the Academy with superior qualifica-
tion for the purpose of educating men to be
soldiers. You may take an instance. A man,
say, graduates number five in his class and
becomes an engineer; another man graduates
number six, and goes into the line of the Army.
The man who graduates number six goes into
the line of the Army with nearly as much knowl-
edge of mathematics as the man who graduated
number five, and in place of being cooped up
in an office or discharging some clerical duty
connected with the Army, this man goes into
the field, serves five, ten, fifteen, or twenty
years with the different corps, the cavalry, the
artillery, and the infantry, and gains a superior
knowledge of all those corps over the individ-
ual who is confined almost entirely in his duties
to the summing up of columns of figures or
demonstrating mathematical problems; this
man, I say, acquires all the information of the
different branches of the service, while the
knowledge of the engineer who has graduated
nearly at the head of the class and has remained
iu the engineer service, is confined to that par-
ticular department, and he goes back to the
Academy, perhaps, competent to teach boys
mathematics and demonstrate those problems
and make them good mathematicians, but he
has no knowledge upon the other qualifications
requisite to make a man a good soldier.
If the young men who graduate at West Point
were all to go into the Engineer corps, were
all to becojne mathematicians and nothing else,
as the engineers are, then it would be proper
that an engineer officer should have the con-
trol of the institution ; but, sir, on the contrary,
out of a class of forty or fifty or sixty, five, six,
or eight may go into the Engineer corps, while
five sixths of the class go into the other arms
of the service, and they go into them, under
the present arrangement, without being under
the tuition of a Superintendent who is capable
of imparting those particular qualifications.
So far as the Superintendent is concerned, so
far as all the superior abilities, capacity, and
training he brings to their culture are con-
cerned, he is simply able to teach mathemat-
ics, and nothing more. I do not think the
position occupied by the Senator from Maine
as to an engineer officer knowing all about the
Army, and all about the different corps, is cor-
rect. I think the history of the men who have
graduated there, and the services they have
performed in different corps, demonstrate very
clearly that any other man who is a graduate
from West Point and has been kept out of the
engineers has more multifarious knowledge of
the subjects and duties connected with the
Army than a mere engineer has himself.
Mr. GRIMES. The sum and substance of
the argument of the Senatorfrom Oregon seems
to be this: that if a man graduates at the head
of his class, or near the head of his class, and
becomes an engineer, he goes into an office or
takes charge of the building of a fortification,
while a man who was the twentieth of his class
goes out and is stationed at Fort Ridgely, as a
cavalry officer or an infantry officer, at a post
remote from civilization and books and men,
and he is going to acquire such a vast amount
of information that he will be vastly superior
to the engineer officer, who is employed in
fortifying your coast. I believe that is the Bum
and substance of the argument. If there be
any validity at all in the Senator's proposition
he ought to propose to exclude an engineer
entirely frohi being selected to command at
West Point.
Now, Mr. President, I do not pretend to deny
that the fifth man of a class may be just as com-
petent to command at West Poiut and super-
intend education there as the first; that is, in
some instances; but what I object to is, that
for the sake of getting one of those fifth men,
who may be an exceptional man, you open the
whole to confusion and competition between
from five thousand to eight thousand officers,
and in the course of a few years you will find a
man selected and put in charge there who has
never had any education at all, but who will
be made the Superintendent because of the
political influence that may be brought to bear
in his behalf. That is what I am afraid of; and
these excellent officers who have served and
distinguished themselves so much, to whom the
Senator from Oregon has alluded, having been
educated at West Point, under the present sys-
tem, the Academy having accomplished as
much as it has, it having turned out to be such
a complete success, I do not see really any
urgent necessity that should impel Congress to
make this change.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House joint resolution
No. 127.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to take the floor
upon the special order.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I intended to say a word
on the other subject.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from
Nevada to allow us to take the vote on this
question in relation to the Military Academy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. It will
be further debated, and I must adopt the rule,
when the morning hour expires and the con-
stitutional amendment comes up, of insisting
upon going on with it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose we take the vote
without debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must adopt the rule
and not yield in any case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday, being House
joint resolution No. 127, is before the Senate.
withdrawal of a petition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will allow me to make a statement that
will take but a mom«nt before he begins. I
ask leave to withdraw from the files a petition
which I presented to the Senate some ten days
ago, perhaps, from citizens of Augusta county,
in the State of Virginia, which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. It was a
petition stating that Union men in that locality
were without protection from the local author-
ities, and asking that the military power be
not withdrawn. Some days after that petition
was presented to the Senate, the Senator from
Delaware, not now in his seat, [Mr. Sauls-
bury]—and I am sorry he is not here—ap-
plied to me for a copy of the petition. It
purported to be signed by one hundred and
six Union citizens of Augusta county, Vir-
ginia, and attached to it were affidavits that
the parties signing it were bona fide citizens
of that county. At the time the Senator from
Delaware applied to me for a copy of it I in-
formed him that it had been referred^ to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I think the
very day after I was applied to for this copy, I
received a letter from the gentleman who sent
me the petition, stating that its presentation in
the Senate had led to inquiries by persons at
Staunton, which is in that county, and that
threats had been made against any persons
there who had signed such a petition and sent
it to the Congress of the United States, anc{
