1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
be equally gallant to this lady as they are to the
gentlemen to whom they may grant pensions.
We do not say that the pension shall cease if a
man marries, and I do not see why the pension
should cease in the case of a female if she
should happen to marry. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We are not proposing to
change the law on the subject at all. We do
not put this upon the ground stated by the gen-
tleman, although I may agree with his views in
regard to the granting ot this pension. This
pension is granted upon the ground that this
party has earned this pension, and does not
claim it by virture of any services of her hus-
band. I demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope we will provide that
all restrictions shall be taken off, and her pen-
sion doubled, when she gets married,for services
rendered to her country. [Laughter. ]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is she not a married woman
now?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know. I sup-
pose she is a widow.
Mr. JOHNSON. If she turns out to he a
married woman she will have to kill her hus-
band in order to get her pension. {Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
Vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
virginia k. v. moore.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to Virginia K. V. Moore; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill provides that the name of Virginia
K. V. Moore, daughter of Richard D. Moore,
deceased, late of company K, seventy-second
regiment of Illinois volunteers, shall be placed
upon the list of invalid pensions, and there
shall he paid to her guardians, from the passage
of this act, eight dollars a month until she has
attained the age ofsixteen.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to strike out the words
"from the passage of this act," and to insert
"from December, 1863, the date of the death
of Mr. Moore."
Under the general law the pension begins
' from the date of the death, if the application be
made within one year. In this case the father
died and soon after the mother, leaving a girl
of some eight or nine years, and a year passed
in proceedings for the appointment of a guar-
dian. Now, in my opinion, there is no reason
why -the same rule of law should not apply.
Here is an orphan whose case is manifestly just,
and I hope that her pension will commence
from the death of her father.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, the billlhave
reported is in conformity with the rule estab-
lished by the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
that in eases of this kind the pensions should
commence at the passage of the act. I think
myself this orphan child should receive a pen-
sion from the date of the death of her father;
but on account of the rule 1 am precluded from
accepting the amendment. There is no doubt
from the investigation 1 have given this case
that her father died of disease contracted in
the line of his duty. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions, for reasons satisfactory to himself, said it
did not come under the general law, and there-
fore we have been compelled to report this spe-
cial act.
While I am not authorized to accept the
amendment of the gentleman, yet it the amend-
ment is proposed to the House I certainly shall
vote for it.
Mr. SLOAN. I am very glad to hear the
gentleman who reported this bill announce that
he thinks the amendment is just and that it
ought to be adopted, although the committee
have adopted a technical rule in the other di-
rection.
Mr. TAYLOR. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion for a moment?
Mr. TAYLOR. I yield for a moment.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to call the at-
tention of the House to this question, which is
one of some importance to the people of the
country, one in which the whole of the people
are interested. I exceedingly regret that the
attention of this House once having been called
to this question, it decided it as it did; and I
exceedingly regret also that the attention of
the House seemingly cannot be called to this
question. It is one in which all our constit-
uents are interested. I ask, sir, what is the ob-
ject of the committee in making the distinction
they do between these cases and those which
arise under the pension law as it now stands ?
I see no reason for it. Why has the commit-
tee reported in favor of this ease? It is because
the party would have been entitled if they had
comc into this Congress, or if they had applied
under the pension laws, to have drawn their pen-
sion from the time the pension is asked. It is
because they are entitled to it by reason of the
services which wei-e rendered by the father and
husband of the claimants. Then, sir, it is not
a gratuity, as was expressed by gentlemen hero
when this question came up some days ago. It
is not a charity, but it is a right that the laws
do not provide for, and that is the reason the
case is before this House. The parties under
the rule of the pension department aro not
entitled to a pension. They come in here and
ask us to supply the defect in the law. They
come here and this committee reports to the
House that they arc entitled to a pension, but
the House establishes a rule that it is inequi-
table or unjust to allow the pension to com-
mence from the day of the death of the hus-
band or father for whose services the pension
is to be allowed.
Now, sir, I appeal to this House to reverse
its decision on this subject. I believe that gen-
tlemen will find that their constituents will de-
mand at their hands another rule to govern in
these cases than that which the House adopted
a few days since. I very much regret to see a
disposition shown on the part of this commit-
tee that is not so liberal and generous as I
believe the people of this country will demand
of their Representatives in the protection of the
widows and orphans of our volunteer soldiers.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I hope
my friend from New ¥*ork will withdraw the
previous question for a moment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will do so.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I am glad my friend from Indiana [Mr.
farqciiar] has sought this opportunity to bring
this question before this House. I think when
it is fully understood by every member on this
floor they will be ready to sustain this report of
the committee in this as perhaps in every other
case.
In reference to this question, if the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions were to grant all the
prayers of the people all over this country, if
we "were to yield to all the appeals of members
who come before us with appeals for sympathy,
we would impoverish the Treasury. We can-
not do it. We must establish some general
rule by which wo are to be governed. We have
attempted to do justice in this and in all other
cases. I will now refer more particularly to this
case. It is the case of a mere child of eight
years of age, whose father died of disease con-
tracted in the service. The mutlier has since
died, and the application is made on the part
of the guardian for a pension.
Now, it docs not come under the general
pension law; it is, as my friend from New York
says, a gratuity outside of the pension law; but
upon a close examination of the whole case,
believing that this claimant was a minor, and
that her father died in consequence of hia ser-
vices, to the country, we came to the conclusion
that wo should give her eight dollars a month-
until she arrives at the age of sixteen years,
and we have so reported.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly, certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. I think the gentleman hardly
states the case with fairness when he says that
this child is not.entitled to a pension.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I did
not say so.
Mr. SLOAN. I think the proof before the
committee was overwhelming that her father
died from disease contracted in the service,
although upon the roll technically there had
been placed, somehow or other, no one can tell
how, a statement that he died of disease con-
tracted before he entered the service.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I beg
the gentleman not to make a speech j I yielded
to the gentleman to make an explanation, and
not a speech.
Mr. SLOAN. I had expected 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has censured the Chair for not com-
pelling gentlemen to obey the rules. He now
statesthat he declines to yield, and the gentle-
man from Wisconsin is therefore out of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. • I yield
to the gentleman for further explanation.
Mr. SLOAN. I understood the gentlemaa
to yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania stated distinctly that ho only yielded
for explanation, and did not yield for remarks.
Mr. SLOAN. I only wish to add a word,
and that is, that the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions have passed upon the proof which estab-
lished the fact that the father died from disease
contracted in the service, and for that reason
they have awarded this pension to his orphan
child. It is not a matter of charity, but a mat-
ter of justice. It is a case which not only
appeals to the charity of the House and of the
nation, but which is also sanctioned by the strict-
est principles of justice.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Tha
gentleman has stated the views of the committee
exactly. The committee would not have re-
ported in favor of paying this poor young girl
eight dollars a month until she is sixteen if they
had not been perfectly satisfied that it js a just
and meritorious claim, but the committee did
not feel themselves justified in changing the
principle adopted not only by themselves, but
also by the House, in reference to all these cases,
and that is that the pension shall commence from
the time of the passage of the act.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I would ask the gentle-
man if this pension is not to be given fur the
services of the party?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I ad-
mit that, but it is utterly impossible in most .
cases to get all the testimony in reference to
those services. In many eases the application*
is not made for five or ten years after the de-
cease of the parent. Would you go back in
such cases and date the pension from the death
of the individual, when the evidence by which
you can establish the claim has been lost?
Now, I repeat again that this case is outside
of the pension law. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions considered themselves instructed by
the House a few days ago in the adoption of
this very principle by an almost unanimous vote,
when they decided that the pension should com-
mence at the passage of the act and not at the
death of the petitioner whose case comes up
outside of the law. And now we have reported
not only in accordance with the opinion of the
committee, but in accordance with the implied
instructions from the House. I believe the re-
port is right, and I hope it will be sustained by
the House.
Mr. HILL. If I understand the principle
upon which pensions are granted, itis upon the
ground of services having been rendered._ If
this bill is placed upon t-ho ground that it is a
