1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
stitution and described in this bill, lias ceased
to be republican in form, and the Constitution
has made it the duty of Congress to guar-
anty" such form of government. This it may
do by law in this form. ('Constitution, article
four, section four.)
if a State may divest natural citizens, or
large classes of them, of every civil right, the
nation itself cannot survive.
Shall it be said that Kentucky may deprive
her naturalized citizens ol all civil lights and
that there is no redress? In the last extremity
the instinct of self-preservation, which is the
first law of nature, would invoke our sympathies.
The Constitution itself, clothing Congress as it
does with all the incidental powers necessary
to the preservation of the national life, would
invoke that legislative discretion as to the means
of self-preservation which would sanction meas-
ures beyond this.
But it is objected—■
"The legislation thus proposed invades the iudieial
power of the State. It s;iys to every State court or ,
jud^e, if you deeide that this act i& unconstitutional,
ii you refuse under tho prohibition of a State law to
allow a negro to testify,*' lor refuse to allow a poor,
white naturalized citizen to Mie in your courts for
wages or refuse to permit him to 1 eeover po^se^sion
of the house he has purchased in defiance oi a wicked
fetate law declaring he shall own no home,) "if you
hold that over such a subject-matter the said law is
paramount, anil under color of a State law refuso
the exercise of the right to (he negro," [or to a nat-
uralized citizen,J "your error of judgment, however
conscientious,-shall subject you to lino and imprison-
ment."— Veto Meswoc.
I answer it is better to invade the judicial
power of the State than permit it to invade,
strike down, and destroy the civil rights of citi-
zens. A. judicial power perverted to such uses
should be speedily invaded. The grievance
would be insignificant. A single case tried and
finally decided by the Supreme Court of the
L' nited States would determim? the right just, as
all great rights are settled. This is better than
to leave millions of citizens deprived of civil
rights to such an extent as to bring disgrace
upon even a barbarous age.
1 concede that in ordinary times it might be
well to await the slower forms of the civil law
to reach the final decision of fundamental con-
stitutional questions. But we now employ
military power to reach the same results, to
secure civil rights.
If penal enactments enforced by civil tribu-
nals, can reach the same result, this is belter
than the exercise of milirarj poner. Theneces-
sity which justifies a militaiy eaforcL-mont of
these rights will sanctity penal enactments for
the same purpose. The penal section of the
bill is made for a great emergency, when the
rights of millions are imperiled or totally de-
nied, as a temporary expedient, justified by the
times and the circumstances, and which may
be modified or abandoned when the necessity
for it has ceased.
It is again objected that
44 An error of judgment, however conscientious, shall
subject [judicial olliceisj to line and impugnment'"
under this bill. This is by no means its pur-.
pose or its legal effect. The universal rule of
law is that there can be no crime unless there
be willful Wrong. In the books this has become
a settled maxim :
" 'Actus uon /noil I'pvm ni^i men* sit r^a.'
"The act itseli docs not make a. man guilty unle<^
his intention were .uo."—lit oom'r, Lcm!
"It n theielbie a principle of ourlecral system, as
probably everyother, That the e^-encc of an offense is
the wrongful mlent wilhouf which ii cannot exist."
—1 ])i±hop on Crihi. Lmc, sec. o?U.
These .simple, elementary principles, sup-
ported us they arc bv an unbroken current of
authorities cited by Bishop, completely answer
this objection.
And if an officer shall intentionally deprive
a citizen of a right, knowing him to be entitled
to it7 ihen ho is guilty of willful wrong which
deserves punishment.
The speech of my distinguished colleague,
[Mr. 13iX(JHA3I. March 9,] has been extensively
published in a mode to mislead the public
judgment.
The great weight of his argument was leveled
against a single provision of tlie bill as it ori-
ginally came from the Senate. In "liis speech
he used this language:
"II [the billj provides that
count ofrace, color, orpvevious condition of slavery.'
Having quoted this provision, he proceeds
to remark on it as follows; >
" That is as obligatory as any other portion of the
section. If it is not obligatory, what'objection has
the gentleman to striking it o\\t? [fit i? obligatory,
it must'be stricken out or tho constitutions of the
States aio to be abolished by your act, or, what fa the
same thinir, their enforcement by th& State officers
oharged with that duty made a crimo for which they
are to be imprisoned."
Now, sir, he placed upon this provision of
the bill an interpretation different from the
committee who reported it. But for the pur-
pose ot obviating his objection this clause was
stricken out and forms 110 part of the bill as it
finally passed.
_ Mr. Speaker, this nation must settle the ques-
tion whether among her own citizens there may
be a discrimination in the enjoyment of civil
^glits. _ It should not be settled in the spirit
of passion or prejudice, but in the light of lib-
erty and justice. Nothing ever can bo finally
settled until it rests on the broad basis of eter-
nal justice. If States may deny to any class
of our citizens the right to make contracts, to
own a homestead : may strip men of all that
is valuable in life ; if we shall sanctify this as
the mission oftho American Government, some
friendless chi^s or race may suffer to-day, but
as sure as retributive jos| ice exists the terrible
wrong will sooner or later <k return to plague
the inventors." and we who have 11 sown the
wind'' may "reap the whirlwind."
But if we shall give to tin* Constitution that
interpretation which its language requires,
which is approved of justice, humanity, and
God, then may wo hope that the men of to-day
and of all time will enjoy its benefits and bless-
ings forever.
RTCCOXFTJUJCTTOy.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Sir. Speaker. Tap-
proach the discussion o£ihc question of recon-
struction with anxious solicitude. Results mo-
mentous to the interests of civil liberty, and
affecting the weal or woe of those who are to
gpinc alter us, depend upon the solution of the
problem. While we are here assembled to legis-
late for the protection, welfare, and permanent
sal\ at ion of the nation, the enemies ot the Union
and of Freedom are still boldly contending for
the control or tbo destruction of the Govern-
ment. The form, but not the character, of the
contest has changed. Beaten upon the battle-
field, tho pestilent politicians oftho rebel Stales,
aided by their more pestilent northern allies,
continue the contest at the ballot-box with a
renewed hope and with the same inflexible and
malicious purposes. Let me say here, «ir, that
under these solemn circumstances tin; dnt ies of
all loyal and patriotic men are as stern, unyield-
ing, and, if necessary, should be as self-sacri-
ficing as the duties of the soldiers of the Union
who went forth to fight our battles, to struggle,
to suffer, and to die. Sir, we are not worthy
to be the legislators of the Republic in this
great crisis, it we do not possess that unflinch-
ing eoura^c and that unswerving fidelity, neces-
sary to gather up the logical results oftho war,
and ba-'e upon them a more perfect freedom
and a grander nationality.
It is not my purpose to enter into a discus-
sion of the legal sitdus of the rebellions Slates. |
The doctrine of the '1 immortality of States," j
and the attempt to conceal beneath it the ciimes s
and enormities of indhidual and associated i
treason, fimU an amplu exposure in history, in ]
reason, and in common sense. The traitors of
the South, with their sympathizers in the Xorth,
who precipitated secession and who proclaimed
the Union diissolved forever, are now the loud-
mouthed advocates of that State immortal-
ity" in which they hope to obtain absolution
from unpunished crimes and a protection to
new conspiracies. [ hold that the rebellious
States are out of the Union so far as any right
exists on the part of said States to claim any-
thing from the Federal Government. They
have forfeited all, by a treason as unprovoked as
it was wicked and unnecessary, and they are
i defeated and powerless, at the mercy of the
j conqueror. They stand as a criminal at fhc
j bar of offended justice, and it is the prerogative
j of Congress to affix the penalty and hedge about
[ the refractory States wirih those irreversible
I guarantees -necessary for the permanent good
| ot the offenders and the future peace* of the
whole nation. While they are out of the Union
so far as they have any right to claim anything
for themselves, they arc in the Union so far as
the jurisdiction of national authority extends
j —an authority which has no limit but the will
[ of the conqueror, and the necessity, safety, and
j welfare of the people of all the States. Though
the attempt to disrupt the Union was a failure,
the forfeiture of all the rights which were ori-
ginally reserved to the States was full and com-
plete. As well might the Jiighwajman or the
| midnight assassin claim the protection of the
j traveler who had escaped from the plunge of
' his misdirected dagger, as for the rebellious
States to claim from Congress anything but the
terms Congress is pleased to give.
Nowhere have I seen the status of the rebel
States and the powers of the General Govern-
ment so well set forth, as in a recent address
by that stern patriot, Governor Brownlow, to
the noble loyalists of East Tennessee. He
says:
44 The national Governmcntmay govern thcscceded
states with or v, ithout the media of elections. If it
chooi-e UmIo it by moans of elections* it has tho right
to prescribe the qualifications of eleetois. It may
make suffrage limited or universal/' "The revolted
States have destro\cd (heir separate governments.
As communities of people, as States* bounded by
geographical lines, the rebel States have never been
out ot the I'nion; but as governing powers they aro
not in the Union, for a « Mich, in theirelloi ts todeVtioy
the Union, they have themsel vc-i been de^tioj ed/'
"The national Government is bound to control
thc!>e rebel States, ,*<> as to secure the satety of all tho
loyal people therein, and of the whole nation. I'fc
cannot alio v itself to be destroyed by hostile voters
anymore than by hostile aunies." "The men who
hurt the Union the most'' "receive the mo>t votes
in the i evolted States. The repudiation of the Fed-
eral debt and the payment of the rebel debt are tho
aims of the i eeonstruoted governments of the £ouih.
The restoration of slavery is the grand purpose of tho
rebels, and is hoped for and looked to in their voting
and their con\ ersation."
" The national Government ouirht to hold the South
by military power till its people heartily repent of
1 he guilt and spii it of the rebellion. The best inter-
est s of the counti \, and the happine^ of genei aliens
yet unboin, require that the icbcls shall not bo
lestoied to power. Justice should be done to tho
triends of the Union. Let the nation delay in giving
pardons to leading guilty rebel? and according power
to tho organized enemies of the country/'
"The rebels clamor" "for the right of testifying
and voting; and Union men are icady to concede
the right, because oftho color of their skin! But
for fouryenrs they did all they could to destroy tho
Union, and for this they should not be allowed a
\oiee in it« a (Fairs. Tor four years the black* did
all they could, by giving information and fighting,
to save the Union; and but tor their color they
would now have the right to testify and vote. Tho
voice of prejudice says, hold them back! The voieo
of reason and justice says, take suffrage from tho
white enemies of the Union and give it to the black
IrimvN! If the States will not do this, Congress has
the power under the amendment to the Constitution
to do it, and ought to carry it out!"'
Mr. Speaker, I have said that the character
of the contest has not changed. It is true
the rebels have been defeated on the field of
battle: tho great armies which menaced your
capital and defied your authority have been
broken up. When Lee and Johnston surren-
dered, all the leading rebels expected, was, to
escape to foreign lands or to sutler tlie penal-
ties merited by their crimes. By the laws of
Congress they were excluded from participat-
ing in public affairs j and it is difficult to see
how they could be legally pardoned by tho
Kxcculivc until convicted of treason by duo
process of law. Congress wa° not in session. A.
hasty, irregular process of reconstruction was
commenced by the President. Pardons wero
freely showered upon untried, unconvicted, but
guilty rebels. The men who educated the pub-
lic opinion of the South in the doctrine ot State
rights, and precipitated the rebellion, w -;-re
unfortunately placed in power: and in some of
the States, minorities of the people, and these
