THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
gratuity, then I am opposed to it. I do not
understand that it is the duty of this Congress
to grant gratuities to any person or to any class
of persons. But if, as I understand to be the true
State of the case, this relief is to be granted
upon the ground that service has been rendered
to the country by the parent, and that the loss
of the life of that parent deprives the infant of
its natural guardian and protector, then I see
no reason why the date of the compensation
should not be the date of the loss of life. Why
fix an arbitrary rule which is not governed by
any reason or any good common sense, and say
that the pension shall begin when the act grant-
ing it shall happen to be approved, although
the application for the pension may not be made
for years? Why do we say that some time in
the future the pension shall begin to run, al-
though the right to the pension began at the
very time the husband or the father died, as the
Case may be?
If the members of this committee regard the
yote of this House the other day as an instruc-
tion to them, then I think it is highly important
that the House should give instructions the
other way, should give instructions founded
upon some principle of justice and equity and
right, rather than upon an arbitrary rule that
cannot be supported upon any of these grounds.
The loss of the relative is the ground of the
claim, and the compensation should be granted
from the very moment that loss occurred, al-
though the claim may not be presented for
twenty years. In that way you will have a
correct, clear, and well-defined principle—not
one that is entirely arbitrary, but one based
upon a sufficient reason. And I am in favor of
such an amendment to the bill as will recognize
that principle.
Mr. PERIIAM. T feel that I ought to say a
word in regard to this subject. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Farquhar] has taken it
upon himself to censure the Committee on
Invalid Pensions for what ho is pleased to de-
nominate a want of interest for the soldier, and
to intimate that the committee is not coming
up to the demands of the people in regard to
this subject. Now, I am unable to state what
information the gentleman has in regard to the
action of the committee——
Mr. FARQUHAR. The report of the com-
mittee, which was acted upon by the House
some ten or fifteen days ago.
Mr. PERIIAM. I wish to say in reference
to this matter, that we have now in this country,
1 believe, the most liberal pension laws that are
in existence in any country upon the face of
the earth, and that they are administered in the
most generous spirit of any laws administered
anywhere.
You also have a Pension Committee, which
committee has labored incessantly, from the
time of their appointment until now, two days
every week, for the purpose of providing for
. such kind of meritorious cases as the present
law fails to provide for. After wc have labored
•in this way, [ do not think it is for any member
upon this floor, who has not the means of know-
ing what that committee is doing, to get up here
and say that we are not meeting the expecta-
tions of the people.
Mr. HILL.. Will the gentleman allow mo to
ask him a question?
Mr. PERHAM. Not now; I have but little
time. We have measures now before us which
we are maturing as rapidly as possible, and we
will be ready to report them by and by, that
no doubt will fully meet the expectations of the
gentleman and the country. At least we mean
that it shall do so; we mean to perform our
duty in every sense of the word in regard to
this subject.
Now_, in regard to the special bill under con-
sideration, I desire to state that there are prop-
ositions to go back for twenty, thirty, and I think
in one instance, forty years for a pension. And
others ask that we shall go hack for ten years,
or five years, or three years, and so on.
The committee came to the conclusion that
they had better establish some principle by
which they would be guided as a general rule;
not, however, an arbitrary rule, from which they
would not deviate under any circumstances.
With this view they prepared the bill that is
now under consideration.
There may doubtless be a question in the
minds of some whether this applicant is actu-
ally entitled to a pension. We have come to
the conclusion that under all the circumstances
it is proper that Congress should grant relief;
and we are not aware of any better principle
than that which we have adopted. Should
there arise any isolated case which, in the opin-
ion of the committee, should demand a depart-
ure from this general principle, we would hold
ourselves at liberty to depart from it in such a
case, unless the House should give us instruc-
tions to the contrary.
_ Mr. TAYLOR. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions has ruled that this case does not come
within the general pension law, for the reason, I
believe, that he is governed by the record evi-
dence in all such cases; and the record in this
case shows that in the opinion of the surgeon
who certified the disability this man had lung
disease before he entered the service. Not-
withstanding that certificate, however, there is
overwhelming evidence that this man was in
sound health at the time he entered the ser-
vice, and that the sickness with which he died
was contracted while he was in the service.
I can only explain the certificate of the sur-
geon on the supposition that there must have
been a clerical error by which this man's name
may have been inserted in a certificate designed
for another person. But for that opinion, ex-
pressed in the certificate of the surgeon, there
would have been no difficulty with the Com-
missioner of Pensions, and this child would
have received a pension under the general pen-
sion law.
In regard to the rule by which I was governed
in drawing this bill, I felt that I was acting
under the instructions of the committee. As
the chairman of the committee has referred to
this matter, I do not know that it will be deemed
a breach of privilege for me to state that when
the question was taken in committee upon the
adoption of this rule, seven members were
present, only five of whom voted, three voting
for the rule and two against it. There was not
a majority of the committee voting in favor of
it; and therefore I can hardly regard it as an
established rule of the committee. But if it is
a rule, I consider it as wrong in its application
to this case. I shall therefore vote for the
amendment. I believe that this child should
receive a pension from the date of the death of
her father. *
Mr. HILL. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Taylor]—it may
bo an excessive encroachment on his courtesy
— I desire to ask him a question.
Mr. TA YLOR. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. Is not this bill now presented
because technically the case does not come
under the existing pension laws, while meri-
toriously it is a good case?
Mr. TAYLOR. That is the fact.
Mr. HILL. I will ask thogentleman further,
whether in his view any valid principle which
would deprive the child of the pension from
the time of her parents' death (which gave her
the ground for her claim) until the present time
would not also deprive her of it for all time to
come?
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly. Now, if the gen-
tleman has no further inquiry, I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon the
amendment of«Mr. Sloax.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division ; ayes 43, noes 4f>—no quorum voting.
Mr. WAfiHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL, called for tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
No quorum having voted upon the amend-
ment,
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. Sloan and Ben-
jamin.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 58, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had concurred in the amend-
ments of the House to Senate bill No. GO, to
enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau,
with sundry amendments, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, made adverse
reports on the following cases ; which were laid
upon the table:
The petition of Mrs. Priscilla E. Hodge;
The petition of Henry May for increase of
pension; and
The petition of David T. Stephenson for
relief.
ALBERT KEVINS.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Albert Nevins ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that the name of Albert
Nevins, late a private in company K, ninety-
second regiment New York volunteers, shall be
placed upon the list of pensioners at the rate of
twenty-five dollars per month, in lieu of eight
dollars per month heretofore allowed him, to
commence from the passage of this act.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill will go over until next
Friday. .
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; on which
he demanded the previous question:
Resolved. That five thousand copies of the report of
the Committee of Claims of the 19th instant bo printed
for the use of the members of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. What report is that?
The SPEAKER. The report of the Com-
mittee of Claims in reference to claims from
persons in the disloyal States.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. What is the neces-
sity for printing live thousand copies of this
report?
Mr. LAFLIN. This is simply a report of
the Committee of Claims concerning cases
continually presented in regard to claims for
damages sustained during the rebellion by per-
sons claiming to be loyal residing in the rebel
States. The resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Claims was adopted by the House.
Now, every member of the House daily has ap-
plications from individuals from every section
of the country to know what will be the action
of the House on this subject; and for the pur-
pose of meeting this call it is desired that the
report should be printed. I will state that the
printing of this number of this report will cost
S4 50 per thousand, twenty-five dollars in all;
and that is all it will cost.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question was ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
