1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
to be friendly to. that cause. The Adjutant
General of the United States reports about
seventy thousand men enlisted in Mississippi
and serving in our Army. Who, sir, were
those men? Not the present militia; but the
brave black soldiers of the Union, disarmed
and robbed by this wicked and despotic order.
Nearly every white man in that State that
could bear arms was in the rebel ranks. Nearly
all of their able-bodied colored men who could
reach our lines enlisted under the old flag.
Many of these brave defenders of the nation
paid for the arms with which they went to bat-
tle. And I regret, sir, that justice compels me
to say, to the disgrace of the Federal Govern-
ment, that the " reconstructed'' State author-
ities of Mississippi were allowed to rob and dis-
arm our veteran soldiers and arm the rebels
fresh from the field of treasonable strife. Sir,
the disarmed loyalists of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, and Louisiana are powerless to-day, and
oppressed by the pardoned and encouraged
rebels of those States. They appeal to the
American Congress for protection. In re-
sponse to this appeal I shall "vote for every
just measure of protection, for I do not intend
to be among the treacherous violators of the
solemn pledge of the nation.
I shall vote for these measures, believing
them necessary for a speedy restoration of the
Union. I desire to see these vacant seats filled,
and that at an early day. But, sir, J would
make haste slowly. While I remain a member
of this' body I shall never vote to admit to its
deliberations any man who voluntarily parti-
cipated in the rebellion and conspired against
the liberties of my country. As the Representa-
tive of a loyal constituency, who sent to the
field over twenty-two thousand men to fight,
not only for the Union, but for liberty, 1 will
never surrender the right of Congress to do all
things necessary for the welfare of the whole
nation, and the full and permanent freedom and
protection of all its citizens. 1 shall continue
to insist upon irreversible guarantees from the
rebel Slates, and they must be accepted, too,
in a spirit of repentance commensurate with the
crimes tliey have committed against our coun-
try and against humanity, i >i justification of
this policy 1 appeal to the gallant people of
Kansas, for whom I am proud to speak in this
hour of national peril. Other gentlemen upon
this floor may have constituencies who will sur-
render the results of our great contest, at the
dictation of power, or by vacillation and impa-
tience; but 1 say to you, sir, and I say to the
country, that my constituents will never con-
sent to be governed by rebels and traitors.
Mr. Speaker, what General Grant said, (he
who having led us to victory in war is, 1 be-
lieve, under the providence of God, to lead us
to a still greater victory in peace,) in his letter
to the Pi evident, of December 18, 1865, will
illustrate the condition of the South:
"In somefoim the Frecdmen's Bureau is an abso-
lute necessity until civil law is established and en-
• forced, securing to the frcedinen their rights and full
protection." * ■* ' ' "It cannot be
expected that the opinions held by men at the .South
for years can be changed in a day, and therefore the
freedmen require, for a few years, not only lo-ws to
protect them, but the fostering care of those who will
give them good counsel, and on whom they can'ycly."
Kentucky,-always claimed as a loyal State,
and exercising a powerful, but baneful in-
fluence over our early war policy, comes to
us with pertinent proofs of the great necessity
which asks action at our hands. The State
Legislature has lately passed laws calculated
to virtually make serfs of the persons that the
constitutional amendment made free, and who
are citizens of this Republic. The vagrant
laws are so amended that a man can take a
negro child and have it bound to him until the
same is of age. A negro adult, if it be decided
that he appears to have nothing to do, can be
sold to forced labor for one year.
I might go on, sir, to read the barbarous
codes which have been passed in all the rebel
States. I might show how the condition of the
freedmen has been growing worse under the
mistaken policy that has been pursued. I
might justly describe a condition of nominal
freedom worse than a condition of actual
slavery. But I pass on.
General Carl Schurz, in his able report to
the President upon the condition of affairs in
the South, says:
" The true problem remains, not how to remove
the colored man from his present field of labor, but
how to make him, where he is, a true freeman, and
an intelligent and useful citizen. The means are
simple: protection by the Government until his po-
litical and social status enables him to protect him-
self; offering to his legitimate ambition the stimulant
of a perfectly fair chance in life, and granting to him
the rights which, in everyjustorganization ofsociety,
are coupled with corresponding duties."
Sir, I atnnot only in favor of protecting the
oppressed freedmen on these grounds, but I
step upon higher ground, and base my action
on reasons affecting the welfare of the nation
and the permanent security of all its great
interests. The spirit which animated the South,
and led it into rebellion, grew out of that per-
nicious political philosophy known as the doc-
trine of State rights and State sovereignty, in
which the cunning slave oligarchy early in-
trenched itself, culminating in trcason-and dis-
union. The same cunning instincts are still at
work. The same spirit stimulates their pres-
ent polity. Slavery destroyed, their object is
now to make their former slaves dependent
serfs, victims of unjust laws, and debarred from
all progress and elevation by organized social
prejudices. _ This policy is but another form
of the spirit which Spratt, of South Carolina,
expressed when defending secession before the
confederate convention at Montgomery, Ala-
bama, March 18G1. He said:
" Wc sccede because the North believes in equality
bcfoie the law, and wo do not; because wc behove in
a class kept ignorant that they may be contented,
and disfra nchised that they may be merely the billlast
of the ship of state."
These bold words, this merciless logic, ex-
presses fully the animating idea of the rebellion.
Of the existence of this spirit now, wc have
ample proof in the tenacity with which every
just measure of protection is opposed, and in
the wild delight in which the remarkable utter-
ances of the Executive, in veto messages and
in speeches, are quoted, North and South, by
those who accept the position enunciated by
Mr. Spratt. The existent e of these ideas, and
the defiance and restlessness of the encouraged
rebels, render absolutely essential the passage
of proper constitutional amendments, as well
as other measures necessary for future security.
These sentiments of the rebel Spratt are to-day
the ruling ones of the rebellious States.
Alexander II. Stephens, the unpardoned vice
president of the southern confederacy, and now
insulting the American people by claiming to be
United States Senator-elect from Georgia, ad-
dressed the rebel Legislature of that State on
the anniversary of the birthday of Washington.
Among other things, he is reported as declar-
ing that "secession was not a crime to be re-
pented of, or even a mistake to be condemned,
but simply a failure to be deploredand that
the rebellion was an "heroic struggle to main-
tain the Constitution of the United States." The
report of his speech continues:
" Having failed in thearenaof arms, they must now
abandon the hope of constitutional liberty and the
cause for which they fought, unless they can secure
m the courts and the halls of legislation what they
loptin the field; and that the surest way of regaining
what they lost in battle is to sustain the restoration
policy of the President."
Here, sir, commences the new conspiracy,
a confident attempt to win at the ballot-box
what they failed to achieve on the battle-field.
In this way bloody-handed rebels, fresh from
the murder and starvation of Union soldiers,
demand admission to these Iialls as the right-
ful law-makers of the nation. 1 n behalf of the
interests of the present and the hopes of the
future, this dangerous assumption must be
resisted, and just and righteous legislation of
Congress must go on. Liberty, universal and
impartial, and the high duty of Congress to
enlarge its scope and power, must not be com-
promised. Let no man forget that the spirit of
republican institutions is radical, aggressive,
and creative. Sir, if any man invested with
any portion of the sovereign power of the peo-
ple shall betray his trust in this great crisis,
let him stand forth in the withering gaze of the
maimed heroes of a thousand battle-fields, and
of the patriotic masses of this nation, and recall-
ing the memory of half a million of starved and
murdered soldiers, and in the light of justice,
reason, humanity, and religion, receive that
terrible condemnation which mankind have
always visited upon unfaithful public servants,
and which most assuredly the American people
now have in store for the betrayers of public
liberty.
Sir, we must not take counsel of our fears.
No man, no party, no policyt has strength
enough to mislead or to deceive the public
mind. It has been educated amid the throes
of a mighty revolution, and sharpened by unpar-
alleled sacrifices and sufferings. Nor did we
fight the battles of the. Union for an uncertain
purpose. Mr. Lincoln did not invoke the
"considerate judgment of mankind and the
gracious favor of Almighty God" upon his
immortal proclamation of freedom to have us
disgracefully abandon its pledges and securi-
ties. Sir, the President, the Cabinet, and
Congress, all elevated to power by a loyal and
radical constituency, are but the servants of
this constituency, and unless false to all that
is sacred in the obligations of human govern-
ment, will execute the will of loyalty, and spurn
the advice of compromisers and traitors. But
I know that soine will falter. The timid, the
impatient, and the corrupt will fall by the way.
Let who will, falter; let who may, go back;
let me say for myself and my constituency, we
stand now, as in the turbulent past, believing
in the Republic, and determined to build into
law the doctrines of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. It has been well said "that the
nation which gives liberty and refuses equality,
bestows at once too much and refuses too little."
Give, then, to the l'reedman his inalienable
rights and that full protection due to him from
a nation he has fought to defend in the hour of
danger.
Mr. Speaker, in all ages of the world it has
required costly sacrifices and persistent cour-
age to maintain the rights of the many—of the
poor, the weak, and the defenseless, against
the injustice, the despotism, and the cupidity
|0f the few. The character of the contest for
the maintenance of popular rights, through
which we are now passing, is not an exception
to the rule. Despots and demagogues defy
justice, ignore humanity, and in the name of
the Constitution vainly attempt to stay the prog-
ress of the Republic to a more perfect freedom
and a grander nationality. In the estimation
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Rogers,J the leader of the Democratic parly
upon this floor, every legislative act looking to
the protection of freedom, every sentiment of
the loyal American people demanding from the
rebel States security for the future peace of the
nation, is revolutionary and unconstitutional.
Recreant Republicans, false to the inexorable
logic of this crisis, to the people, to themselves,
ami to God, and vainly attempting to stay the
progress of human liberty, catch up and herald
the cry. Just now, sir, we have a grand
political chorus, in which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymond] and the gentle-
man from Now Jersey [Mr. Rogers] join in
harmonious strains, and invoking the aid of the
"reconstructed" rebels, chant anew the re-
quiem of coppcrhcad Democracy and antiquated
conservatism. Sir, let the new song be sung.
Let fawning sycophants prostrate themselves
at the feet of power. Let them oppose and
denounce the just and humane policy of the
majority of this Congress. I say to these gen-
tlemen one and all, you may delay, but you
cannot prevent the final triumph of these prin-
ciples.
Now, sir, as I have before claimed, the power
of Congress in the enactment of all necessary
and positive measures of reorganization is full
and undeniable. Secretary Seward telegraphs
