1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
Laws of the United States.
39th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Sec. 18. Anclbe it further enactcd, That man-
ual labor schools and colleges shall not be re-
quired to pay a manufacturer's or special tax
while the proceeds of the labor of such insti-
tutions are applied exclusively to the support
and maintenance of such institutions.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That no
suit shall be maintained in any court for the
recovery of any tax alleged to have been er-
roneously or illegally assessed or collected,
until appeal shall have been duly made to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue according
to the provisions of law in that regard, and the
regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury
established in pursuance thereof, and a decision
of said Commissioner shall be had thereon, un-
less such suit shall be brought within six months
from the time of said decision, or within six
months from the time this act takes effect: Pro-
vided, That if said decision shall be delayed
more than six months from the date of such,
appeal, then said suit may be brought at any
time within twelve months from the date of
such appeal.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion fifteen of the act of March three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes,' approved June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four," be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following: that in any port
of the United States in which there is more
than one collector of internal revenue, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may designate one of
said collectors to have charge of all matters
relating to the exportation of articles subject
to tax under the laws to provide internal reve-
nue ; and at such ports as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem it necessary, there shall be
an officer appointed by him to superintend all
matters of exportation and drawback, under
the direction of the collector, whose compen-
sation therefor shall be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, but shall not exceed,
in any case, an annual rate of two thousand
dollars, excepting at New York, where the
compensation shall be an annual rate of three
thousand dollars. And all the books, papers,
and documents in the bureau of drawback in
the respective ports, relating to the drawback
of taxes paid under the internal revenue laws,
shall be delivered to said collector of internal
revenue; and any collector of internal reve-
nue, or superintendent of exports and draw-
backs, shall have authority to administer such
oaths and certify to such papers as may be ne-
cessary under any rules and regulations that
may be prescribed under the authority herein
conferred.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That
every person, firm, or corporation who distills
or manufactures spirits or alcohol by continu-
ous distillation from grain, who brews or makes
mash, wort, or wash for distillation or the pro-
duction of spirits, shall be deemed a distiller,
under this act. And the making or keeping
by any person of grain, mash, wash, or beer,
prepared or fit for distillation, together with
the possession by such person of a still or other
apparatus capable of use for distilling, upon
the same premises, shall be deemed and taken
as presumptive evidence that such person is a
distiller within the meaning of this act.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That
every person, firm, or corporation who recti-
fies, purifies., or refines distilled spirits or wines
by any process, or who, by mixing distilled
spirits or wine with any materials, manufac-
tures any spurious, imitation, or compound
liquors for sale, under the name of whisky,
brandy, gin, rum, wine, " spirits," or " wine
bitters," or any other name, shall be regarded
as a rectifier under this act.
Sue. 23. And be it further enactcd, Thai if
any person shall carry on the business of a
distiller or rectifier without having paid the
special tax, as required by law, he shall for
every such offense be liable to a fine of not less
than double the tax imposed upon the spirits
distilled, or double the special tax due for the
spirits rectified by such person pr found upon
the premises hereinafter mentioned, and to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding two
years; and all spirituous liquors so distilled or
rectified, or owned by such person, or found
as hereinafter mentioned, and all materials for
making or preparing the same, and all vessels
containing the same, and all stills or other ap-
paratus capable of being used for distilling,
owned by such person or found upon any
premises where such business shall be carried
on in violation of this section, shall be for-
feited to the United States, and may be seized
by the collector or deputy collector of the
district within which such offense is com-
mitted.
Sue. 24. And be it further enacted, That
every person engaged in, or intending to be
engaged in, the business of a distiller or recti-
fier, shall give notice in writing, subscribed by
him, to the assessor of the district within which
such business is to be carried on, stating the
name or style under which, the name or names,
and the place or places of residence of the per-
son or persons by'whom, and the place where
said business is to be carried on, and whether
of distilling or rectifying. In case of a dis-
tiller, the notice shall also state the kind of
stills, boilers, and other implements to be used,
the capacity of each, the name or names of
the owner or owners of the premises on which
the distillery is or is to be situated, and if such
premises are leased, the terms of the lease. In
case of any change in the location, form, ca-
pacity, ownership, agency, or superintendence
of such distillery, stills, boilers, or other im-
plements, like notice shall be given as afore-
said, within twenty-four hours, of such change.
Such person shall also give bond, in form to
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, with sureties approved by the
collector of the district, who may approve the
same if he shall bo satisfied by affidavits made
on said bond, of the sufficiency of said^ sure-
ties, conditioned that he will comply with all
the requirements of the law in relation to dis-
tilled spirits. The penal sum of such bond
shall not be more than double the amount of the
tax on the spirits thaS, can be distilled by such
still or stills or other implements during a
period of fifteen days; said collector may
refuse to approve said bond when, in his judg-
ment, the location of the distillery is such as
would enable the distiller to defraud the reve-
nue, and in ease of such refusal, the distiller
may appeal to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, whose decision in the matter shall
be final. A new bond may be required in case
of the death, insolvency, or removal of either
of the sureties, or in any other contingency,
at the discretion of the collector. Any per-
son failing to give the notice or bond herein-
before required, or giving a false or fraudu-
lent notice, shall be liable to the fine and
forfeiture provided in the last preceding seo-
tion.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, I hat no
person shall use any still, boiler, or other ves-
sel, for the purpose of distilling in any building
or on any premises where beer, lager beer, ale,
porter, or other fermented liquors, vinegar, or
ether, are manufactured orpioduccd, or where
sugars or sirups are refined, or where liquors
of any description are retailed, or any other
business is carried on, or in any dwelling-
house ; and' every person who shall use such
still, boiler, or other vessel, for the_purpose of
distilling, as aforesaid, in any building or other
premises where the above specified articles are
manufactured, produced, or other business is
carried on, or in any dwelling-house. or who
shall procure the same to be done, shall for-
feit such stills, boilers, or other vessels so used,
and all the spirits distilled, and pay a fine of
one thousand dollars, or be imprisoned for not
more than one year, in the discretion of the
court; and any person who shall manufacture
any still, boiler, or other vessel, to be used for
the purpose of distilling, shall, before the same
is removed from the place of manufacture, no-
tify the collector where such still, boiler, or
other vessel is to be used or sent, and by whom
it is to be used, and of its capacity, and the
time when the same is to be sent or set up ;
and no such still, boiler, or other vessel, shall
be set up without the permit in writing of the
collector for that purpose; and any person who
shall set up such still, boiler, or other vessel,
wiLhout first obtaining a permit from the col-
lector of the district in which such still, boiler,
or other vessel is intended to be used, or who
shall fail to give such notice, shall pay in either
case the sum of five hundred dollars, and shall
forfeit the distilling apparatus thus removed or
set up iu violation of law : Provided, That sal-
eratus may be made or manufactured in any
building or on any premises where spirits are
distilled: Provided further, That any boiler
used in generating steam or heating water to
be used in such distillery may be located in
any other building or on any other premises
to be connected with such still or boiling tubs,
by suitable pipes or other apparatus, or the
steam from such boiler in the distillery may
be conveyed to other premises to bo used for
manufacturing or other purposes.
Sec. 26. Andbeit further enacted, That every
rectifier or wholesale dealer in distilled spirits
shall enter, daily, in a hook or books kept for
the purpose, under such rules and regulations
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
prescribe, the number of proof gallons of spir-
its purchased or received, of whom purchased
and received, and the number of proof gallons
sold or delivered ; and every rectifier or whole-
sale dealei who shall neglect or refuse to keep
such record shall forfeit all spirits in his pos-
session, together with the apparatus, tools, and
implements used, and bo subject to a flue of
five hundred dollars, or imprisonment for not
less than six mouths nor more than one year,
in the discretion of the court. And every rec-
tifier shall mark on each package of five gal-
lons or more of distilled or rectified spirits
sold by him, his name and place of business.
Sec. 27. And be it further enactcd, That the
owner or owners of any distillery shall provide
at his or their own expense a warehouse suitable
for the storageof bonded spirits, of [his orj their
own manufacture only ; or he or they may pro-
vide a secure room in a suitable building, to be
used as such warehouse, but no dwelling-house
shall be used for such purpose; and no door,
window, or other opening shall be made or per-
mitted in the walls thereof, leading to any other
room or building used for any other purpose,
or into the distillery; and after a bond has been
given, as hereinafter provided, such warehouse
or room, when approved by the Secretary of
the Treasury, on report of the district collector,
is hereby declared to be a bonded warehouse
of the United States, and shall be used only
for the storing of spirits manufactured by the
o[w]ner, agent, or superintendent of such dis-
tillery, and shall be under the custody of the
inspector as hereinafter provided; and shall
be kept locked up by the proper officer in
charge, at all times, except when he shall be
present; and the tax on the spirit stored m
such warehouse shall be paid before removal
from such warehouse, unless remo\ed in pui-
suance of law. And the owner or owners of
snch warehouse shall execute a general bond
to the United States with two or more sureties,
to be approved by the collector; and such bond
shall be for not less than the amount of taxes
on the spirits to be covered thereby,_ and m
such form, and containing such conditions, as
shall be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and shall be changed or renewed
from time to time in regard to the amount and
