2m)
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
But give him the ballot, and he will have
plenty of white friends, for the people of the
United States love votes and office more than
they hate negroes. I need not allude to the
kindly feelings the*ballot secures for the poor,
for you have plenty of illustrations at every
election. There are many classes of poor
people in the North who would be little better
than slaves but for the power of the ballot,
before which not only politicians but mer-
chant princes and millionaires tremble; and the
mighty Executive of forty million people bows
in humble submission to the omnipotent power
of the ballot. In a republic it is mightier than
both pen and sword. Before slavery was abol-
ished the master was interested in protecting
the slave from ruffianism and violence, but
now he has no protection but the sword or the
ballot. We will not give him the former. We
want no more blood. We must give him the
latter or betray him from slavery, not to liberty,
but to destruction. We talk of giving equal
civil rights, but he answers in the language of
the poet—
41 So let thorn ease their hearts with prate
Of equal rights which men ne'er knew;
I have a love for freedom too."
Give him the ballot and he will secure his
own freedom, which includes all the balance.
Freedmen's Bureaus, civil rights bills, are
all very well in their way, but very expensive
in their operation. They can effect very little
in protecting or governing four million peo-
ple. The government of a Freedmen's Bu-
reau is not self-government, and the sooner
we commence to give these people self-gov-
ernment the better. Immediate and universal
suffrage may not be wise, but what danger can
there be to allow all the negroes to vote with
like educational, intellectual, and moral qual-
ifications with the whites hereafter to become
voters. If the rising generation of whites are
unable to compete on equal terms in these re-
spects with their late slaves, the negro must be
regarded as supei-ior. But there is no question
of competition in it. It is simply a question
of self-protection, and the negro must have
the ballot for his own protection, and it must
come to this before the conflict will cease.
The whites who have been in this rebellion
must also have the ballot and full enfranchise-
ment or they must be driven out of the coun-
try, for if you retain them here disfranchised
enemies, the extraordinary powers necessarily
devolved upon the few whom you trust with
political rights must make them tyrants. The
principle is that a man to be free must exercise
political power for himself. If he is not allowed
to do this he is a slave. If he is allowed to do
more he is to that extent a despot. Every
attempt to govern the people of any State by
a minority, however loyal that minority may
be, is a mockery on republican institutions and
will inevitably produce anarchy" and discord.
We must either abandon our principles or re-
pudiate the idea of dealing with irresponsible
minorities and calling them the people. There
will be no peace or prosperity in Maryland,
Missouri, or Tennessee until the people are
enfranchised.
But we are told that if the rebels are allowed
to vote those States will fall immediately into
disloyal hands; that the power of those States
will be used to embarrass the Government and
to degrade and persecute loyal men. This is
undoubtedly true if the rebels only are enfran-
chised ; but that they will ultimately, and at no
distant day, achieve the ballot no sensible man
can doubt. In their struggle to obtain this, so
necessary for their protection, millions of the
American people will sympathize, aid, and
approve their efforts, for the principle that a
white man (who is allowed to live) ought to
vote is too deep-rooted in the nature of the
American people to be ignored or repudiated.
But they tell us when this is done the life and
liberty of every loyal man, both black and
white, is in jeopardy. Grant it. Nobody is
insane enough to doubt it. But what is the
remedy? There are but two: military despot-
ism by the General Government, or an exten-
sion of the franchise to the loyal as well as the
disloyal; for in each of those States the ma-
jority of the whole people are to-day acknowl-
edged to be loyal; and whether we are in
favor of negro suffrage or not is not the ques-
tion. The question is, shall this Government
be in loyal or disloyal hands—in the hands of
its friends or the hands of its enemies? It is
too late for the Republican party to dodge the
issue. There have been too many speeches
made in this Congress in favor of negro suf-
frage to deny that it is a part of the Republi-
can creed. There have been too many votes
in this Congress sustaining the principle of suf-
frage to admit of any doubt of the real design
and purposes of the Union party. If we deny
our principles the proof of our insincerity will
overwhelm us before the people. There is
nothing left, if we would have a party, but to
affirm and justify our principles. Any attempt
to hide them is prima facie evidence that they
are contraband of political warfare, and sub-
ject to confiscation before the tribunal of the
people. I was slow in committing myself to
the necessity of negro suffrage. My constitu-
ents were opposed to it; my education and
mode of thinking had been opposed to it; but
when I found the Union party committed to it;
when I was thoroughly convinced that it alone
would protect the negro and redeem the pledge
of the Government that he should be free;
when I was forced to the conclusion that the
fifteen original slave States must shortly be
handed over to the enemies of the Government
to aid the Democracy in repudiating the na-
tional debt, and, perchance, paying the con-
federate debt, in making loyalty odious and
treason honorable, in rewarding traitors and
persecuting Union men, unless we extended
the ballot to the friends of the Union for our
mutual protection, I was resolved to meet the
issue, and meet it squarely. Any attempt to
conceal our designs will be proof positive of a
conscious weakness and a want of faith in the
correctness of our principles.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. STEWART. I prefer not to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Does the Senator from
Nevada say that the Democratic party of this
country would, if they had it in their power,
repudiate the national debt or would assume
the confederate debt? I should like a frank
answer. I only refer to it because I observe
that the Senator has repeated an intimation
which I have seen in the public press.
Mr. STEWART. I will answer the Sena-
tor very frankly. For myself, I think there is
too much danger to run the risk of giving them
the power, and I propose to retain it and not
take the chances.
The second section of the constitutional
amendment proposed by the committee can
be justified upon no other theory than that
the negroes ought to vote; and negro suffrage
must be vindicated before the people in sus-
taining that section, for it does not exclude
the non-voting population of the North, be-
cause it is admitted that there is no wrong in
excluding from suffrage aliens, females, and
minors. But we say, if the negro is excluded
from suffrage he shall also b§ excluded from
the basis of representation. Why this inequal-
ity? Why this injustice? For injustice it
would be unless there be some good reason
for this discrimination against the South in
excluding her non-voting population from the
basis of representatiou. The only defense
that we can make to this apparent injustice is
that the South commits an outrage upon hu-
man rights when she denies the ballot to the
blacks, and we will not allow her to take ad-
vantage of her own wrong, or profit by this
outrage. Does any one suppose it possible to
avoid this plain issue before the people? For
if they will sustain you in reducing the repre-
sentation of the South because she does not
allow the negro to vote, they will do so because
they think it is wrong to disfranchise him.
Why, then, I ask, will they not sustain yon in
stopping the wrong at once? Why license the
South to outrage equal rights for the small
compensation of reduced representation ? You
do not license murder. Why not? Because
it is a. crime. Why should you barter away
human rights and authorize oppression? Is
that no crime?
It is most evident, sir, if we gain a victory at
all it will be because the people are satisfied
the black loyalist ought to vote; the verdict
will be for suffrage. But the verdict will be
surplusage. No judgment can be entered on it
in favor of human rights. The issue in the
pleadings is too narrow. The relief sought
cannot be granted. The rebel State govern-
ments, with all their local machinery, must at
once fall into the hands of the enemies of the
Union, and both the black and white loyalists
must then be turned over to the tender mercies
of a fierce people smarting under a thousand
imaginary wrongs and burning with unquench-
able vengeance. But you say you will disfran-
chise the rebels, and the plan of the committee
proposes continuance of test oaths, disfran-
chisements, exclusions from Federal office, kc.
The accomplishment of this involves military
despotism and the utter destruction of repub-
lican institutions in the South. This only
aggravates the evils, adds to the calamities of
our common country; for, instead of liberating
four million blacks, you will have enslaved eight
million whites. The President of the United
States will become Dictator as well as Presi-
dent—Dictator of eleven States, President of
twenty-five. Since it is evident that we must
either have disfranchisement and military des-
potism or enfranchisement and liberty, there
can be no doubt of the verdict of the American
people. They have had more difficult ques-
tions to decide, and have decided on the broad
principles of human rights. The united voice
of the loyal North demands the oppoi-tunity to
settle every question that can again disturb the
peace or endanger the liberties of the people
or the perpetuity of the Union once for all.
The patriotic sentiments echoed from the
mountains of Switzerland are reechoed from
the loyal American heart. Grant impartial
suffrage and universal amnesty, and the great
work is accomplished. I ask the Secretary to
read the Swiss address.
The Secretary read as follows:
Address of the Sxciss Conventions {Comites) {of Geneva,
Hale, Neufchatel, Tessin, and Berne) in favor of the
freedmen, and of the Assembly convocated at Geneva
on the 29th March, 1866, by the Genevan Convention.
To the President and
Congress of the United States of America:
Mr. President, Messrs. Members of Congress: For
four years we have, as it were, lived with you, have
borne your grievances, been rendered joyous at your
deliverance, and have gloried in your success.
When the election of Lincoln announced to the
world that you had had enough of the system which
abased you, enough of complicity and compromise
with slavery, of man-hunting ordained • by slavery,
of conquests for the profit of slavery, of politics in
favor of the party of slavery, we gave thanks to God.
When your Union was disrupted by revolt, when
your prosperity was crippled, (ieroulS,) when many
voices had prophesied the dissolution of the Union,
we hailed the commencement of a new and a better
life for your people.
When military reverses menaced ypur noble cause,
we still believed that it would not perish. When
Europe lent, or seemed to lend, an intervention in
favor of the South toward violating your blockades
and in recognition of the rebel confederacy, we al-
ways believed that something would interpose itself
between the design and the execution; that your
grand principle would intervene, and through that
yon would become invincible.
When it wasgenerally believed and saidthatpeace
negotiations would render nugatory the moral re-
sults of the war, that you would compromise with
the prejudices and the institutions of the South, wo
always believed that you would not lay down your
arms until you had destroyed your real enemy, that
is to say, slavery.
When the death of Lincoln plunged us in mourn-
ing, we believed that Lincoln's successor would stake
his honor on the continuance and the completion
of his work.
Finally, when you have announced to the world
that the constitutional amendment was adopted,
that already there was no single slave upon the soil
of the Union, we have heard within expressible emo-
tion this glorious progress, this greatest event of our
age....
Tt is this sentiment which we would manifest to-
day as a duty. Of slight importance though the tes-
timony may be, it shall not bo said that the voice of
Switzerland should not make jteelf beard in your
