1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2801
applause. You havef.tr surpassed thehopes of those
who hoped the most. At the same moment in which
your trials terminated you pronounced the talismanic
word of freedom. It will make itself heard through-
out the New World; the Spanish treaty will be sup-
pressed; you will annihiloie Brazilian slavery. A
whole race suffering in bondage shall be freed at the
sound.
These are rare days in the history of mankind, when
polities and the Gospel move hand in hand—these
days of sunshine unobscured by a cloud.
After such days, in resuming the course of ordinary
life, we should guard against dangers from contin-
gencies, and set aside obstacles. To finish is more
difficult than to begin; to make sure its application
more arduous than the annunciation of a principle.
The labors that await you to-day are not less im-
portant, and are more complex and difficult to sur-
mount than those of yesterday.
But the one goes not without the other. Sad will
be the condition of your enfranchised slaves if you
make not citizens of them.
Between slavery and liberty—real liberty—there are
no breathing-places. Thus, what do the enemies of
the Union now predict? That freedom will destroy
the freedinen; that, tired of them, you will succumb
to the ennui of the fatiguing problem; that you will
no longer listen to the voice of the poor negroes; that
it will not matter to you whether they remain or
depart, whether they live or die: that in the rude
contact with your prejudices and eontcmpt they will
perish, as the Indians have perished; that your Phar-
isaical abolition will find itself resulting in their ex-
termination; that the pure glory of to-day will turn
to shame on the morrow.
Weprotest against such dark presages; weask that
they maybe branded with falsehood. "We know that
your acts will so brand them, and very soon.
The more you desire the dark question to cease
troubling the United States the more you will feel
that it must be disposed, of. Unfinished questions
have no pity for the repose of mankind. And how
shall that completion be attained? But two things
remain to be done: to maintain your Ereedmcn's
Bureau and to suppress allcivil and political distinc-
tions on account of color. To refuse Federal protec-
tion to the slaves that were—a protection indispen-
sable to the transition—is to givethem up purely and
simply to the laws, the administration, the tribunals
of the South. It would be to decree the reestablish-
ment of slavery with the addition of hatred, and, by
consequence, of atrocity. To conserve political ex-
clusion to the black race, as a race, would be to deny
the principle, even the name, for which the North
has so valiantly combated.
That prudent measures should accompany the con-
ferring of the right of suffrage in the South—that,
for instance, it should be limited to those who can
read and write, without distinction of color—we can
well understand. But what we cannot understand,
nor can any of those who teach and sustained your
cause, is the exclusion of the race. If the southern
States were readmitted to Congress without imposing
upon them, as a condition, the equality of races, we
should bitterly deplore it; we would bow the head
in humility and sadness, and await in fear a recom-
mencement of those hostilities between the South
and North, between the Republicans and the Demo-
crats, the end of which had seemed only to have
come round.
But what would mostdisturballour hopeswouldbe
to seethose freedmen who had spilled their blood for
the defense of the Union rewarded for their devotion
by being deprived of those rights which are, in all
republican Governments, the appanage of those brave
men who are called to bear arms for their country,
at the same time that the rebels, who had torn the
bosom of their country, and begged the intervention
of the foreigner, not only reenjoy the rights they had
before the war, but made the arbiters absolute of
the fate of loyal citizens. To give to those guilty
of high treason the power to reduce good citizens to
the position of political pariahs is to reward treachery
and to discourage patriotism—to give in to those who
pronounced self-government impossible and self-
annihilating.
That one condition necessary to future pcaceshould
be imposed on the rebel States, the sense, namely, of
the above, we doubtnotyouunderstand,for youhuve
already imposed upon them an affirmative vote upon
the amendment abolishing slavery.
One stop more, and your task is finished. By the
side of the abolition of slavery it remains to you to
equalize the races before the law. What is abolition
without equality ? It remains to you to decide that
the rebel States, before reentering Congress, should
abolish all distinctions based on color. Political fran-
chises in all respects should be enjoyed equally by
blacks and whites. These guarantees obtained, open
to them your arms and hasten toward a gen era! recon-
ciliation. Avoid any unnecessary prolongation of the
present interregnum, (rtgivie excpptionncl.) Add to
your other glories that of reestablishingthe power of
your Government at the immediate close of a bitter
civil war. Liberty is bold and strong: and of what
use are her boldness and strength if she cannot trust
and pardon ?
It is repugnant to us to conceive your stoppinghalf
way, and conferring upon the former slaves liberty
without equality, or, in other words, liberty without
the conditions of freedom; liberty without dignity;
liberty with an unopened future, without possible
progress; liberty without that upon which it becomes
great and attains its end; thus you would reconsti-
tute a. new slave party in Congress—further oppres-
sions of slaves throughout the South. Seeking for
peacc you would reorganize war—servile war at first,
foi you cannot pronounce with impunity the words
be FREE; and when those whom you have declared
free feel that they havencitherprotectionnorrights,
nor means of regular action, they are almost infai-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 176.
libly driven to employ other means. Civil war would
follow. Is it possible that the blood of the blacks
shed on the other side of the Potomac, that cruel
oppressions, would not speed that war, and that the
generous instincts of the North wouldnotreawaken ?
They would complain, they would denounce iniqui-
ties, they would intervene morally, and the ancient
quarrel would blaze forth again. As faithful friends
we have better hopes foryou. We have said much,
convinced thatyou will easily perceive that there is
a warm sympathy in the depths of our fears, and
that our sincerity is strengthened by respect and by
attachment.
May He who has guarded you and protected you
thus far continue to guard and protect you to the
end; that He may empower you to finish what you
have begun—to treat as fellow-citizens and to love
as brothers those who, thanks to you. are no longer
in slavery; and that He may accomplish for you now
and hereafter all those good wishes with which our
hearts are filled.
J. H. SiSRMENT, and others, for Geneva.
ADOLPH CHRIST, and others, for B&le.
ROBERT LISSOT, and otheis, for Neufchiitel,
- P. BIANCIfETTI, and others, for Tessin.
BERN ARD, and others, for Berne.
M. BECHET, for the Canton Do Vaud.
Geneva, April 10,1866.
Mr. STEWART. How truthful the remark
that u unfinished questions have 110 pity for the
repose of mankind." While four million blacks
are struggling for the ballot as the 011I37 pro-
tection known in republican Governments for
life, liberty, and property 5 while the military
arm of this Government is outstretched to en-
force disfranchisement of rebels and restrain
them from warring upon the life of the nation
and the rights of the disfranchised blacks, gen-
tlemen may cry, 11 Peace! peace!" but there
is no peace.
"For freedom's battle, once begun,
* Bequeathed by bleeding sire to son,
Though baffled oft, is ever won."
The contest may be lost for years if left unset-
tled now,.but there can be no repose for this
country until the principles of the Declaration
of Independence are fully acknowledged and
practically enforced from ocean to ocean, from
the Gulf tp the Lakes.
I have often heard the appeal of earnest men
in this great contest, and have too often hesi-
tated at what seemed impractical or impossible,
but before I could realize the grandeur of the
design the work was accomplished. I hear the
same warning voice of zealous reformers and
earnest republicans proclaiming the simple
truths of equal rights and generous amnesty;
and as in the past the dark night of slavery and
human bondage disappeared before the sunlight
of humanity and justice, so in the future the
clouds of prejudice and passion which envelope
the rights of millions of American citizens will
dissipate before the reason and patriotism of
the loyal masses of the people.
What guarantees shall be demanded on the
restoration of the South, and by what right do
we demand guarantees? In proceeding to this
branch of my subject I find my own views so
well expressed in an able paper from the pen
of Robert Dale Owen that I avail myself of his
forcible language:
"To the Editor of the Chronicle:
*' I take exception, in these days, to no contrarie-
ties of opinion touching the proper mode of restoring
harmony between the late belligerent sections of our
country. That is a problem which may tax the best
energies of the wisest among us, and in regard to the
solution of which the ablest may differ. But if the
task before us is difficult, it is not hopeless; not, I
firmly believe, doubtful even. I have faith in the
people. I have faith, stronger still, that God, who
forsook 11s not in the gloom of the rebellion, will
guide us now,*when the scene of combat is changed
from the field of battle to the election precinct and
the legislative hall.
"The essential is, that we approach this greatsub-
ject in a fitting spirit. It avails nothing to talk about
the enormity of secession and the condign punish-
ment it meiits. The punishment of nations is in
other hands than ours. If thejudgmcnts of God have
not already stamped slavery as a sin and treason
against a beneficent Government as a crime, in vain
are the efforts of man in that direction.
"Nor let us, in our indignation, forget how that sin
of slavery, the cause of the rebellion, originally came
upon the South; against her own will ^ against her
solemn protest. In December, 1770, the King of Great
Britain commanded the Governor of Virginia,' under
pain of the highest displeasure, to assent to no law
prohibiting the importation of slaves.' Virginia, in
April. 1772, addressed the King in remonstrance, say-
ing to him these remarkable words: 'The importa-
tion of slaves, a trado of great inhumanity, will en-
danger the very existence of your Majesty's American
dominions.' Maryland and Carolina followed that
lead.
"But aside from this, what so unphilosophioal and
unjust as the spirit of the Pharisee? It is due to a
geographical accident that we were not born slave-
holders in the city of Charleston. Dare we assert
that if we had been we should have been juster men
than they,more scrupulous aboutlivingbythejtabor
of others? Shall we stand up, in the temple of our
own self-righteousness, and say,' God, we thank thee ,
that we are not as other men, or even as these South
Carolinians
" We can never, indeed, forget—God forbid that we
should—the terrible consequences of treason; the
hardships, the sufferings, the lost lives, the parents
and widows bereaved, the countlcss thousands of
homes made desolate among us. But to avert evils
in the future better befits a Christian people than to
avenge injuries of the past. Let us learn of the des-
pised and the lowly. Is it we only who have injuries
to requite? What were our sufferings during the
war compared to the thousand wrongs perpetrated,
throughoutgenerations, against the millions of south-
ern slaves? But though the iron entered into their
souls, did they return evil for evil ? Did they forget,
when the day of liberation dawned, the words of the
text, 'Vengeaneo is mine, I will repay, saith the
Lord?'
"if there be among our people a revengeful ele-
ment, let us not pander to it. It we impose conditions
before we restore political rights to those who, defy-
ing law and Constitution by force of arms, became
public enemies, it ought to be in defense, not in
requital.
wc impose conditions.' To a dispassionate
looker-on it must seem strange that, here in the
North, that should be a question at all. Atthe close
of a four years' embittered war—producing a radical
change in the legal and social condition of four mil-
lion people, creating two vast antagonistic public
debts, and entailing a thousand diversities of interest
between millions on one side and millions on the
other—itwould be athing incrediblethatgovernment
could bo properly or safely resumed, without stipu-
lation or precaution, as if nothing had happened.
At such a juncture in our national affairs wise pre-
cautionary measures are as strictly a dictate of duty
as they are clearly a matter of right."
x * if # s? ¥
" To us, and not to the ' unjust aggressor' who ap-
pealed to the wagei# of battle and lost, belongs, at
this time, the right to decide what guarantees are
needed for the public safety, and how that ' unjust
aggressor' shall be rendered * incapable of doing mis-
chief with the sa,me ease in future.' Dearly wo paid
for that right! We shall commit a folly unparalleled
in the annals of nations if we neglect to use it.
" But if all things aro lawful for us, all things are
not expedient. Thus, though due time must be taken
lor the matuiing and consummation of precaution-
ary measures, yet, on the other hand, one section of
a Republic containing a fourth of its inhabit/nits
cannot, except for a season, safely be shut out from
Federal representation. Therefore the political
rights of the States lately in insurrection should be
restored to them at the earliest day consistently with
the peace and safety of the country.
"The dangers attendant on unconditional restora-
tion, which threaten that peace and safety, seem to
me three in number; two of a political, the other of
a financial character.''
I concur with Mr. Owen that the dangers to
be apprehended are three in number: two polit-
ical and one financial. But I classify them
thus: the political dangers are, first, immedi-
ate and absolute control of the several southern
State governments by persons still hostile to the
Union; and second, the increased representa-
tion in Congress of the disloyal elements of
the South. The first is by far the greater evil,
but for it the report of the committee furnishes
no remedy whatever. The second and the
lesser evil is but partially provided for. . It is
not proposed to eradicate the evil, but if pos-
sible to diminish its extent by a small reduc-
tion of representation in the other House. I
very much fear that this will rather intensify
the rebel elements than induce an extension of
suffrage. While the franchise is restricted to
the whites the rebels will be sure of a full voice
in the Senate and a united (though a reduced)
vote in the House and complete control of their
several State governments. The danger of a
division of this immense power by the exten-
sion of suffrage would more than counterbal-
ance the loss in the other House. They would
submit to this small loss of power and attempt
to obtain satisfaction therefor in a more unlim-
ited control over the destinies of the"race we
have attempted to liberate. I doubt very much
whether this change will benefit the black man.
It relieves him from misrepresentation in Con-
gress by denying him any representation what-
ever.
The financial danger, so far as it depends
upon an assumption or payment of the rebel
I debt or compensation for emancipated slaves,
1 is properly guarded against in the fourth section
of'the report. But the further and greater
