1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' &L03®:
1841
to-day the supremacy of the authority of the
United States over the whole length and breadth
of the land. Thoy know this has been accom-
plished in the face of declarations made over
and over again, not only from the stump to the
multitude, but in this Hall, that the South
could^ never be subjugated, that their armies
were invincible, and that compromise and con-
cession must at length terminate the strife.
Knowing these things, they expect and demand
of us, their Representatives, that we repair the
breaches made by the enemy, build up the
waste places, _ and construct such additional
outworks as will insure their future safety. As
we cannot obtain indemnity for the past, they
expect us to require ample security for the
future. They say to us, ''If the great charter
we heretofore gave you is not sufficiently com-
prehensive to enable you fully to carry out our
wishes and expectations, come back to us for
such additional grants as are necessary for the
purpose, and they shall ' be nominated in the
bond."'
The people from the beginning have been in
advance oi the authorities. They continually
called upon Congress to make further demands
on their purses and patriotism, and every such
call was promptly responded to. They were
determined the rebellion should be suppressed,
and now being suppressed they require the
strongest guarantees against a similar occur-
• rence in the future.
It is necessary, Mr. Speaker, to consider one
or two other preliminary questions in order to
a proper understanding of the case before us.
First, let us see if we understand each other
when we speak of the State of Tennessee, and
let^ us inquire for what or whom are we legis-
lating when we pass this joint resolution. I
apprehend very great confusion of ideas would
be made apparent were we to compare notes
with each other or were we severally called
upon to define the word " State" as applied to
a member of the Federal Union. The writers
on public law are no authority on this point,
because they nowhere speak of such a State as
Tennessee or Ohio. It will not do to measure
the relations England and France sustain to-
ward each other by those subsisting between
New York and South Carolina, either in peace
or war. To adopt and attempt to act in this
case upon the ideas of the writers on interna-
tional law will involve us in inextricable con-
fusion.
We have hut for a moment to study the his-
tory of the establishment of the Government,
examine the elements of which it is composed
and the foundation on which itisbuiltin order
to a proper understanding of the subject.
The framers of the Constitution found thir-
teen States or independent communities in
existence, each sovereign and capable of act-
ing and speaking for itself. They left them
stripped of every important element of sov-
ereignty, and incapable of acting, speaking, or
holding converse with the nations of the earth,
or even with each other, except through the
General Government. They can neither lay-
duties on imports or exports, coin money,
keep troops or ships of war in time of peace,
engage in war, make peace, enter into  ny
alliance with foreign Powers or-frame any
compact or agreement among themselves.
Strictly speaking, they are1 not States at all,
as the term had previously been used and as
it is now used by writers on public law. No
foreign Power can hold intercourse with or
declare war against either of them. Among
the nations of the earth they are neither
known nor recognized as States. They are
only known in our own Constitution and laws
as States in consequence of their former con-
dition and designation. The word States,
when applied to them, is to bo understood in
its narrowest and most restricted sense. As
nations, or States, they differ in no material
respect from Territories, save the right of
representation in Congress.
The party of the rebellion insisted that not-
withstanding the grants contained in the Con-
stitution, sovereignty still remained with the
39th Cong. 1st Sass.—No. 116.
States. The delegation of powers to the Gen-
eral Government was a mere loan, subject to
be called in at pleasure. The Government was
the creature of the States, and not the agent
of the people.
"We'll even let it hold therein,
But we'll show it the way to go."
_ Upon this rock we split. Here was the Gor-
dian knot that politicians could not untie. It
has b een severed with the sword and the question
set at rest, and I trust forever. In order that
it may not involve us in further difficulties, we
must be instructed by what we have learned at
so dear a rate, and entirely discard the heresy
of State sovereignty from our political system.
If there is one vestige of it left it must be
rooted out and destroyed.
Among the nations of the earth, then, Utah
is as much a State as is New York. Indeed,
the earlier Territories were rarely known or
spoken of except as States in legislation during
the first thirty years of the Government. True,
Congress reserves a negative on their legislation,
but it is by virtue of its power and duty to
guaranty to its people republican government,
and applies equally to the States. Hence, in
■this light and with this character we must con-
sider them in making up our verdict in the case
now before us.
Of what, then, are the States of this Union
composed; or, to come more directly to the
question before before us, of what is the State
of Tennessee composed, if she is a State at all?
In our intercourse and dealings with her, to
whom are we to address ourselves? We have
an answer to this that is explicit,, full, and com-
plete. We long since accepted it as expressing
our theory of government. ]f we adhere to it,
act* upon it, and carry it out in its republican
simplicity, we will find but little trouble in ex-
tricating ourselves from the dilemma in which
we find ourselves placed.
" What constitutes a State?
Not high-raised battlements, or labored mound,
Thick wall, or moated gate ;
Not cities proud, with spires and turrets crowned :
Not bays and broad armed ports,
Where, laughing at t.he storm, iich na\ ius nde ;
Kor starred and spangled courts,
Wherelow-browedbaseness'waftsp ei-fumes to pride—
No! men, high-minded men.
With powers as lar above dull brutes endued,
In forest, brake, or den.
As beasts excel cold rocks and brambles rude ;
Men who their duties know,
But know their rights; and knowing, dare maintain,
Prevent the long-aimed blow,
And crush the tyrant, while they rend the chain—
These constitute a State.''
If of such is Tennessee, open wide your doors
and bid her Representatives to enter. If of
such, she has been they have been kep^in wait-
ing too long already. If, on the contrary,
when measured by the standard, or weighed in
the balance, she is " found wanting," continue
your sentinels on duty, with instructions to guard
vigilantly every approach to your Capitol.
If I have succeeded in making myself under-
stood the House will observe that we now have
the proper parties in court. We know now
with whom we are to deal, and upon whom we
are to pass judgment. Here we may drop the
State of Tennessee and take up the men who
inhabit her territory. The former neither has
nor can she commit treason. The latter have
essayed to stab the Government to the heart.
The former is in no way responsible to us, for
she is really but a myth. The latter have a
living, physical existence, and can be arrayed
at the bar of justice.
The passage of this joint resolution affects
the relations of the people of Tennessee to the
General Government in no respect save their
representation in Congress. It is therefore a
question of expediency, and nothing more. I
understand the committee to place it on that
ground, and upon that, and that alone, so far
as at present appears. I take issue with them.
I have said the people expect us to provide
against the repetition of the scenes through
which we have just passed. One of the means
tq be employed, and by far the most effectual
of any that has been suggested for the purpose,
is to provide for placing and perpetuating the
powers of both State ana national Governments
in loyal hands. It would appear that the com-
mittee are of opinion that such is accomplished
in this resolution. I am unable to come to
such a conclusion.
The joint resolution says:
" And whereas the people of Tennessee are found
to be m a condition to eieicise the functions of a.
State within this Union," &c.
Here is a fact asserted that virtually settles
the whole question. Upon its truth depends
everything else connected with her admission.
In what " condition" do the committee intend
us to understand '"the people of Tennessee
arc found to be in" that they are qualified "to
exercise the functions of a State within this
Union?" 1 will not impeach their intelligence
by supposing they are of opinion that anything
like a majority of the people are loyal to the
United States. The testimony they have taken
warrants no such conclusion. Every report
that comes to us from there negatives any such
an idea. We have in addition the testimony
of the highest in authority, both civil and mil-
itary, that without the aid of Federal bayonets
the State government could not endure for a
week.
Without aid from without Governor Brown-
low informs us he would be compelled to "take
up his bed and walk." If left to herself, it is
doubtful if an outspoken Union man would be
able to canvass a congressional district in the
State prior to the next election. I am very
much of opinion that were President Johnson
himself required to spend a few nights at his
mountain home in East Tennessee, the most
loyal portion of the State, more " uneasy would
lie the head that wears a crown " than when in
proximity to Thaddeus Stevens and Charles
Sumner in Washington, unless assured by some
late treaty stipulations. The only hypothesis
left from which the committee could come to
such a conclusion is that because the present
government there is in loyal hands, and the
joint resolution requires them to promise as a
condition-precedent to their admission that they
will keep_it there, that it follows as a matter
of course that "the people of Tennessee are in
a condition to exercise the functions of a State
in this Union."
It is drawing largely on our faith in asking
us to come to any such conclusion. We all
know that the present government is not only
sustained but was originally established by the
military power of the United States. To this I
interpose 110 objections, but the Army is not
always to be kept there for that purpose, and
when withdrawnTennesseeagainbccomesaprey
to the rebels. Suppose this resolution becomes
a law, Tennessee complies with all the condi-
tions, her members admitted to both Houses,
and we awake some morning and find that the
Legislature has repealed some or all of the
laws referred to in this resolution, what then?
Are her Senators and Representatives to be
ejected in consequence? Is she in that event
in or out of the Uniou? Here would arise an-
other batch of knotty problems difficult of solu-
tion. That, such a result will follow is certain
to niv mind. These conditions will certainly
be violated or evaded if the rebel element pre-
dominates as sure as day follows night, for
'•Where there is a will there is away." If
Tennessee is yet in her swaddling clothes,
unable to stand alone and dependent on others
for protection, I readily come to the conclusion
she is not. in a condition to exercise the func-
tions of a State within this Union.
Reference has frequently been made to the
State of Missouri, and a parallel claimed in the
case of Tennessee. There is 110 similarity in
the two cases. Indeed, in all that is essential
to their representation in Congress they are as
far apart as the polos. True, both were slave
States at the beginning, and both contained
many disloyal persons. The government of
each was, in the incipiency of the rebellion, in
traitorous hands, who refused to furnish troops
to put down the rebellion. But here the par-
allel ceases. Tennessee was declared by the
proclamation of the President, to be in rebel-
lion, and all intercourse between her people
