362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[J uly 13,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
in which the warehouse is situated of the tax
imposed by law; and when so delivered, shall
be branded " U. S. bonded warehouse, tax
Eaidor may be removed frotn said warc-
ouse without the payment of the tax for the
purpose of being exported, or for the purpose
of being rectified, or redistilled, canned, or put
into other packages, after the quantity and
proof of the spirits to be removed have been
ascertained and inspected as required by law,
under such rules and regulations and the exe-
cution of such bonds or other security as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, subject to
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
may prescribe; but such, removal of bonded
spirits for the purpose of being rectified, re-
distilled, or put into other packages, shall be
allowed but once on the same spirits; and all
spirits so removed for redistillation, rectifica-
tion, or change of package, shall be returned
to the same warehouse, and shall again be
inspected; and the tax shall be paid to the
said collector on any deficiency or reduction
beyond three per cent. And upon spirits re-
moved under bond for the purpose of being
redistilled or rectified, or change of package
as aforesaid, and upon which an allowance
shall have been made, as herein provided, the
duty upon such allowance shall be paid, to-
gether with the taxes imposed by law upon
such spirits, in case such spirits shall be with-
drawn for consumption or sale, or for trans-
portation without being exported. And no
drawback shall be allowed on any distilled
spirits on which the tax has been paid; but
nothing in this section shall be so construed as
to prevent the manufacture in bond for expor-
tation, without the payment of taxes, of medi-
cines, preparations, compositions, perfumery,
cosmetics, cordials, and other liquors manu-
factured wholly or in part of domestic spirits,
as provided by law.
Sec. 41. Andbeit further enacted, That any
spirits or other merchandise may be removed
from bonded warehouse, for the purpose of
being exported, upon the order of the super-
intendent of exports for the port whence the
spirits are to be exported; and such order
shall state the port to which such spirits are
to be shipped, and the name of the vessel, and
also the number of proof gallons, and the
marks of the packages or casks; and such
spirits or other merchandise shall be branded
" U. S. bonded warehouse, for export," and
shall be put on board of the vessel in or by
which they are to be exported, by an officer
under direction of the superintendent of ex-
ports, and placed under the supervision of an
officer of the customs, after a bond with good
and sufficient sureties shall have been given in
such form and containing such conditions as
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, may prescribe. And such bond shall
be canceled upon the presentation of the
proper certificate that said spirits have been
landed at the port named in said bond, or at
any other port without the jurisdiction of the
United States, or upon satisfactory proof that
after shipment tho spirits have been lost. And
at any port where there shall be no superin-
tendent of exports, all tho duties and services
required of superintendents of exports and
drawback shall devolve upon and be performed
by the collector of internal revenue desig-
nated to have charge of exportations.
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That any
person or persons who shall execute or sign
any false or fraudulent bond, permit, entry, or
other document, required by law or regula-
tions ; or who shall fraudulently procure the
same to be executed; or who shall connive at
the execution thereof, by which the payment
of any internal revenue tax shall be evaded, or
attempted to be evaded, or which shall be exe-
cuted, or purport to be executed, for the pur-
pose of placing in, or withdrawing from, any
bonded warehouse any spirits or other mer-
chandise for any purpose whatever, or which
shall in any way be used or attempted to be
used in fraud of the internal revenue laws and,
regulations, in conviction thereof, shall forfeit
all property in such spirits or other merchan-
dise to which such instrument relates, or pur-
ports to relate, and shall be imprisoned for a
term not less than one nor more than five years,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That any
person owning any distilled spirits intended for
sale, manufactured prior to the time when this
act takes effect, exceeding fifty gallons alto-
gether, shall notify in writing the collector of
the district wherein such spirits may be stored,
held, or owned, within sixty days thereafter,
to gauge and prove the same; and upon the
receipt of said notice the collector shall cause
said spirits to be gauged and proved, and the
casks or packages containing the same to be
marked by the inspector in the following man-
ner:
Manufactured prior to
 , 18G-.
Inspector,
-—■ District.
Inspected 
186-
And no spirits so manufactured, held, or owned,
shall be gauged, proved, or marked in any cis-
tern or other stationary vessel, but shall be
gauged, proved and marked only in barrels,
casks, or packages in which the same shall
have been placed; and the quantity held in
leach-tubs shall be estimated by the inspector,
and when drawn off into packages, shall be
gauged and marked as herein provided. Upon
the receipt of the return the collector shall
immediately forward to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue a copy thereof; and any per-
son holding or owning such spirits, and refus-
ing or neglecting to notify the collector, as in
this section provided, shall forfeit the same and
pay the sum of five hundred dollars, to be col-
lected in the manner provided by law for the
collection of other penalties. No distilled
spirits on which the tax has been paid shall be
stored or allowed to remain on any distillery
premises, under the penalty of a forfeiture of
all spirits so found. And all spirits, after being
removed from the original package in which
they were inspected and gauged into other
packages for purposes of rectification, redis-
tillation, or change of proof, shall again be
inspected and gauged and properly branded;
and the absence of an inspector's brand shall
be taken and held as sufficient cause or evi-
dence upon which any spirits so found may be
forfeited. And any person who shall change
the character of any spirits, either by rectifi-
cation, mixing, or otherwise, after they have
been duly inspected and marked, as hereinbe-
fore provided, and place the same in other
packages for consumption or sale without first
stamping or branding upon such package, in
such manner as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may prescribe, the word " Rectified,"
shall forfeit such spirits, and the same may be
seized by the collector or deputy collector of
the district where such spirits may be found,
or by such other collector or deputy collector
as may be specially authorized by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue for that pur-
pose. And any person who shall so brand any
package containing spirits, knowing the taxes
thereon have not been paid, shall forfeit such
spirits, and shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and upon conviction shall bo impris-
oned for not more than two years, at the dis-
cretion of the court.
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That all
boilers, stills, or other vessels, tools, andimple-
nients, used in distilling or rectifying, and for-
feited under any of the provisions of this act,
and all condemned material, together with any
engine or other machinery connected there-
with, and all empty barrels, and all grain or
other material suitable for distillation, shall,
under the direction of the court in wnich the
forfeiture is recovered, be sold at public auc-
tion, and the proceeds thereof, after deducting
tho expenses of sale, shall be disposed of ac-
cording to law. And all spirits or spirituous
liquors which may be forfeited under the pro-
visions of this act, unless herein otherwise pro-
vided, shall be disposed of by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue as the Secretary of the
Treasury may direct. And the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue is hereby authorized, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to exempt distillers of brandy from apples,
peaches, or grapes exclusively, from such of the
provisions_ of this act relating to the manufac-
ture of spirits as in his judgment may seem
expedient. And any word or words in any and
all parts of this act, and of all acts to which
this act is additional, indicating or referring to
person or persons, shall be taken to include
partnerships, firms, associations, bodies corpo-
rate or politic, or any other party whatsoever,
when not otherwise designated, or manifestly
incompatible with the intent thereof.
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall remove any distilled spirits
from the place where the same are distilled,
otherwise than intoabonded warehouse aspro-
vided bylaw, shall be liable to a fine of double
the amount of the tax imposed thereon, or to
imprisonment for not less than three months.
All distilled spirits so removed, and all distilled
spirits found elsewhere than in a bonded ware-
house, not having been removed from such
warehouse according to law, and the tax im-
posed by law on the same not having been paid,
shall be forfeited to the United States, or may,
immediately upon discovery, be seized, and,
after assessment of the tax thereon, may be
sold by the collector for the tax and expenses
of seizure and sale. And proceedings upon
such seizure shall be according to existing pro-
visions of law in relation to distraint, and in
conformity with any regulations which shall be
made by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. And the burden of proof shall be upon
the claimant of such spirits to show that the
requirements of law in regard to the same have
been complied with. And any person who shall
aid or abet in the removal of distilled spirits
from any distillery otherwise than to a bonded
warehouse as provided by law, or shall aid in
the concealment of such spirits so removed,
shall he liable, on conviction thereof, to a fine
of not less than two hundred nor more than
one thousand dollars, or to imprisonment for
not less than three nor more than twelve m onths.
And any person who shall remove, or shall aid
or abet in the removal of any distilled spirits
from any bonded warehouse, other than is al-
lowed by law, shall be liable to a fine of not
more than one thousand dollars, or to impris-
onment not less than three nor more than
twelve months.
Sec. 46. Andbeitfurther enacted, That every
brewer shall, before commencing or continuing
business after this act takes effect, file with the
assistant assessor of the assessment district in
which he shall design to carry on his business,
a notice in writing, stating therein the name of
the person, company, corporation, or firm, and
the names of the members of any such com-
pany or firm, together with the place or places
of residence of such person or persons, and a
description of the premises on which the brew-
ery is situated, and his or their title thereto,
and the name or names of the owner or owners
thereof; and also the whole quantity of malt
liquors annually made and sold or removed
from the brewery for two years next preceding
the date of filing such notice.
Sec. 47. Andbeit further enacted, That every
brewer shall execute a bond to the United Staf es,
to be approved by the collector of the district,
in a sum equal to twice the amount of tax which,
in the opinion of the assessor, said brewer will
be liable to pay during any one month, which
