778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER Of PROCEEDING TO-MORROW.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to propose that
the House hold a session to-morrow for the pur-
pose only of debate in Committee of the Whole
upon the President's annual message; and that
it shall not sit later than three o' clock, so as to
give the Doorkeeper an opportunity to prepare
this Hall for the proceedings of next Monday.
No objection was made.
D. H. BINGHAM.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire to move that the
Committee of Claims be discharged from the
further consideration of the claim of Mr. D. H.
Bingham, of Alabama; and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed lo.
Some time subsequent thereto,
Mr. DELAN0 said: I desire to make a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
has just ordered the Committee of Claims to be
discharged from the further consideration of
the claim of Mr. D. H. Bingham, of Alabama,
and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DRIGGS. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Dei.\no] to agree to that dis-
position of the matter on yesterday.
Mr. DELANO. I want to inform the House
of the character of this claim. It is one that
comes within the rule which the House has
already adopted, to reject all claims for dam-
ages of any citizens of disloyal States. I have
here a report prepared to show that fact, and
recommending that the claim of Mr. Bingham
be rejected, which I was ready to make to the
House when the committee was called. It is
for the House to determine now whether they
will reconsider the vote by which they referred
the claim to the Committee on Military Affairs,
or stand by the rule they have adopted.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire to say a single word
on this matter. Mr. Bingham, of Alabama,
called on me and said that he had had referred
to the Committee of Claims some papers in
reference to certain claims, but he had under-
stood that the matter properly belonged to the
Committee on Military Affairs. He therefore
requested me to make the necessary motion to
get his papers.before that committee. Before
doing so I called upon the chairman of the
Committee of Claims, [Mr. Delano,] and he
stated to me that I might make the motion and
he would not object; that he did not like to
make it himself, stating substantially what he
has stated here to-day.
Mr. DELANO. I only wish the House to
understand the ease, and that it comes within
the rule the House has already adopted.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
discharge the Committee of Claims from the
further consideration of the claim of D. H.
Bingham, of Alabama, and to refer the same
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was not agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. MARSHALL. I was not in the House
when the report of the Committee of Elections
was presented in the contested-election case
of Baldwin vs. Trowbridge, of Michigan. As
I do not concur with the majority of the com-
mittee in that report, I desire to present a mi-
nority report, and ask that it be printed.
The report was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move that House bill No.
50, in relation to agricultural colleges, which
was reported from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, be recommitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
THREE MONTHS' EXTRA PAY.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill extending the benefits of section
four of the Army appropriation bill, approved
March 3, 1865, so as to give all officers of vol-
unteers belowthe rank of brigadier general, who
were mustered out of the service at their own
request, or otherwise honorably discharged after
the 19th of April, 1865, three months' pay prop-
er, the same as if they had been mustered out
with their respective regiments; which was read
a first and second time, and referredto the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, bill of the House No. 33, for the relief
of Charlotte Bence, widow of Philip H. Bence,
late captain of company P, thirtieth regiment
Iowa volunteer infantry.
BANKRUPT BILL.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 7) to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States.
The following section was pending when the
House passed from the consideration of the bill
on yesterday:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the justices
of the Supreme Court shall designate one of their
number, who, with the assistance of five commis-
sioners, to be appointed by said justice so designated,
and subject to the provisions ot this act, shall irame
general orders for the following purposes:
For regulating the practice and procedure of the
district courts in bankruptcy, and the several forms
of petitions, orders, and other proceedings to be used
in said courts in all matters under this act:
For regulating the duties of the various officers of
said courts;
For regulating the fees payable, and the charges
and costs to be allowed, except such as are estab-
lished by this act or by law, with respect to all pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy before said courts;
For regulating the practice and proeeduro upon
appeals;
For regulating the filing, custody, and inspection
of records;
And generally for carrying the provisions of this
act into effect.
Alter such general orders shall have been so
framed, they, or any of them, may be rescinded or
varied, and other general orders may be framed in
manner aforesaid, and all such general orders so
framed shall, from time to time, when approved by
the justice of the Supreme Court so designated, bo
reported to Congress with such suggestions as said
justice may approve. The district judges shall be
eligible to act as such commissioners.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend this section
by adding the following:
No payor compensation shall be allowed to such
commissioners for services under this section.
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to insert in line
forty-two of section eleven the word "to"
before the word "send."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. _ I move to amend by
striking out in lines thirty-six and thirty-seven
of section eleven the words "marshal of said
districtin line thirty-seven the words "as
messenger;" in lines forty and forty-one the
words " until the appointment of an assignee;"
and also by inserting at the end of line thirty-
six the following:
General assignee in bankruptcy residing in the
county where such bankrupt resided at the time of
filing his petition; and thereupon the estate of such
bankrupt shall vest absolutely in such assignee for
the purposes of this act; and the district judge of each
district shall appoint a general assignee in bank-
ruptcy for each county within his district, who shall
be a resident of the eounty for which he is appointed,
and shall give such bond as shall be required by such
judge, and shall be an officer of the court, andsubject
to its rules and orders.
Mr. Speaker, the object of this amendment
is to dispense with the services of a marshal,
and avoid the increased expense of his fees to
be charged upon the estate of the bankrupt.
I deem it entirely unnecessary that, after the
decree of the bankruptcy or the order declar-
ing the applicant a bankrupt, the property
; should pass into the hands of the marshal be-
| fore it vests in the assignee. No such proceed-
! ing was regarded as necessary under the former
i bankrupt law,; but when the applicant wasde-
j clared a bankrupt, the property vested in the
; assignee. I regard it as safer for all parties
! concerned—for a majority of the creditors and
for the bankrupt himself—that there should be
appointed, as under the former bankrupt law,
an assignee in each county, who shall take
charge of the estate. The services of a mes-
senger or marshal are entirely unnecessary, and
only tend to create additional expense which
would be a very onerous burden upon a poor
bankrupt.
I desire to sustain this bill; but I wish to
have it made a law for the benefit of poor
bankrupts, and not exclusively for the ben-
efit of those who are rich. This bill provides
that where a man owes debts to the amount of
$500 he may take the benefit of the act; but if
the system which we are to establish be bur-
dened with the fees and expenses contemplated
by the various provisions of this bill, it will cost
a debtor $1,000 to obtain the benefit of it. I
think there should be a provision under which
the bankrupt could pay his $500, if he has that
amount, in discharging his debts, instead of
paying $1,000 to go through the expensive
process which would be inevitable under this
bill as it stands.
I believe that I am correct in this view. I
had some experience under the former bank-
rupt act. I trust that my amendment will be
adopted. It will not interfere in the least with
the general character of the bill, while it will
relieve the proceedings under it from all un-
necessary expense. The appointment of an
assignee in each county, as I propose, will not
increase the number of officers provided for
by the bill. My desire is that we should not
create an unnecessary number of officers to eat
up the little substance of these bankrupts.
Mr. JENCKES. The committee had in view
the object which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hotchkiss] states that he desires shall be
attained. And I think that if the gentleman
will consider the matter more attentively he
will find that the system of proceedings pro-
posed in the bill will have the advantage of
being less expensive and more efficient than
the system he proposes. There is certain busi-
ness which must be done by somebody other
than the bankrupt or petitioner. Notices must
be made out; property must be taken in charge
for safe custody. If the gentleman will look at
the close of the bill, page 67, he will find a pro-
vision that the word "marshal" shall include
a marshal's deputy; and when the petition is
filed, the warrant authorizes some person, dep-
uty marshal, or some person acting as deputy
marshal, to do this clerical labor.
That is the ordinary proceeding upon volun-
tary petitions; and in proceedings in involun-
tary bankruptcy there may be need of a mes-
senger to take possession of the bankrupt's
Gst&t©
Mr. HOTCHKISS. This does not interfere
with that.
Mr. JENCKES. Ifthegentleman will allow
me. The official assignee residing in the county
is a local officer, and the property may be all
over the State, or in half a dozen States, and
there must be some one to go and take charge
of this property in the intermediate time before
the appointment of an assignee. It does not
increase the expense one dollar, because the
marshal is only allowed the fee established by
law. He simply goes and puts his seal upon
the property where he finds it.
Another thing; one of the great objections
to the bankrupt law of 1841 and of 1800, and
one of the most serious objections to the French
bankrupt law, and to the English bankrupt law
of 18-19, was this appointment of local assignees.
When they get property into their hands the
creditors can never get it out of them. It was
to prevent this waste of property that this pro-
vision was inserted.
I will show where it was obtained. I got it
from the bankrupt law of Scotland, one of the
best that I have ever seen. It was adopted
into the bankrupt law of Massachusetts, and
is now adopted into the bankrupt lav/ of Eng-
land. It has also been introduced into the
bankrupt law of France. Having studied this
suhject, carefully with the same object that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotchkiss]
