2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
financial danger which threatens our national
credit grows out of the political dangers which
I have mentioned. The^ commotions and agi-
tations, and perchance civil wars, growing out
of the unsettled political questions will disturb
our financial system more than the rebels could
"possibly do by any efforts they might make to
saddle upon a loyal people a debt incurred in
the interest of slavery and secession. There
are but two possible modes of escape from
the political dangers which menace the peace
and prosperity of our country. The first is
disfranchisement of rebels by military power,
for it can be done in no other way. To this I
am opposed, because it violates the democratic
principle and is utterly repugnant to free insti-
tutions ; because it is against Christianity and
humanity; because it is the usual and direct
road to despotism.; because it has been often
tried, and its fruits have been in all ages, in all
times, and in all countries, the bitter dregs of
slavery, tyranny, human misery, and wretched-
ness ; ana because it must inevitably result in
the destruction of the Union and the liberty of
the people. The second is enfranchisement
of the blacks. The trying times which Mr.
Lincoln thought might come when the colored
man could help "to keep the jewel of liberty
in the family of freedom" are upon us. Two
fifths of the people of the eleven States are
colored, and are instinctively loyal and real
friends of the Government. This two fifths
was a great drawback upon secession, and after
the emancipation proclamation, in spite of all
efforts to deceive the blacks, they felt that the
Government was their friend, and although
they may have done very ljttle effective fight-
ing, still they aided us and injured the enemy
in a thousand ways: by giving information, by
kindness to prisoners, by the moral effect of
enemies at home upon the cause of secession,
and by the subtraction of their labor from the
rebels and adding it to the resources of the
Government.
After this proclamation the South became a
house divided against itself, and the work of
tearing down was half accomplished. Sup-
pose to-day the South were united against the
Government, and we became involved in a
war with Great Britain or France, would we
not expect a fearful struggle? But suppose
we had two fifths of the people in the South
as our friends, would we not regard that fact
as a great acquisition of strength? Who can
say that an emergency of this kind may never
happen when we will need friends in the South
as we did during the late war? And remem-
ber that the blacks are now free and capable
of being more useful friends than they were as
slaves. Suppose in settling with our enemies
we should make no effectual provisions for the
safety of our friends, but turn these State govern-
ments over to the late rebels, our friends would
be at the mercy of our enemies and compelled
to make terms. Would it be impossible, in
that event, for our late enemies to convince
our late friends that our friendship after all
was of little value? And might not the act of
emancipation be regarded by the blacks as a
snare and a delusion rather than a blessing?
Deserted by all the world, surrounded by their
enemies, without means of self-protection,
might they not under such circumstances sink
in despair and relapse into a hopeless state of
wretchedness and misery, awaiting in silence
their fate of extermination, prepared for them
according to the predictions of the late slave-
holders? After all this might not the Union
soldier in another war for liberty look in vain
for the trusted Hack friend whom he found
ministering to his wants in the darkest hours
of the late rebellion?
But asidefrom their usefulness to us in aid-
ing to sustain the Government, dare we offend
a just God by failing to redeem the solemn
pledge of liberty which this nation made to the
slave? Has not the late war proved a suffi-
cient warning that nations are punished for
wrong and oppression and for disregarding
human rights? But you still insist the negro
is ignorant and ought not to vote. Are not
many of the whites also ignorant? This argu-
ment proves too much, and if practically put
in force so as to exclude all ignorant men, both
North and South, the reduction would be too
great. But if you allow, as you must, igno-
rant men who are disloyal to vote, why not let
ignorant loyal men vote? All that the friends
of suffrage ask is, that the black should vote
upon a like educational, property, and moral
qualification with the white. Let the States
place the standard where they will, provided
a majority are not disfranchised and a gov-
ernment not republican set up in violation of
the Constitution; but let it be impartial. We
go even further, and, not wishing to disfran-
chise any who now vote, we propose to relieve
them from restrictive qualifications which may
hereafter be imposed on voters, but we insist
that the ballot shall be placed within the reach"
of every American citizen of whatever race or
color. Place any safeguards you please on the
ballot, but make them impartial, and we will
take the chances for the negro.
Does any one suppose that the Senators and>
Representatives from South Carolina would
not soon have aloyal constituency if the ballot
were within reach of the black man? In that"
State over one half of the people would be a
solid column (a black column, if you please,) of
loyalty. Does any one doubt that there would
be whites enough to join them to obtain con-
trol of the State? Suppose those who join
them are mere politicians, and they go with
the negroes for office and spoils, would it be
the first political combination formed for that
purpose, and would not those who should ob-
tain office and power by such means be com-
pelled to respect the loyal sentiments of their
constituents in order to retain power; and
would not the ordinary desire of the politician
to serve his friends prompt him to make equal
laws and sustain the Union? The more this
question is considered the plainer it becomes.
1 like a platform of principles which will bear
examination and investigation. The simple
fact is, give the people the ballot and the rulers
are their servants, withhold it and the people
exist at the will and sufferance of their rulers,
and this rule applies South as well as North.
Suppose you should withhold the ballot from
the laboring classes of the North and allow
capital to legislate for labor, aristocracy to
make laws for democracy, how many civil rights
bills and Freedmen's Bureaus would it require
to secure freedom to the masses of the people
and make them contented and happy?
But let Senators be warned by the grand
demonstrations of the people in favor of these
measures of protection for the blacks. Let
this voice be understood. What does it mean?
Is it difficult of interpretation? Not at all. It
means that the blacks shall be free and that
Congress shall demand full and complete se-
curities for their freedom. In less than six
months every Union man will see that there
is no protection, no freedom, for the blacks
without the ballot, and the universal sentiment
of the loyal masses will demand the enfran-
chisement of the oppressed race. This is secu-
rity for the future, self-supporting and self-
sustaining security. It permits every man to
protect himself, and his own self-interest will
prompt him to do it well. It will not impov-
erish your Treasury and burden you with tax-
ation. It will not consolidate your Govern-
ment and destroy the legitimate functions of
the States ; but it will strengthen the founda-
tions of the Republic and enlarge the base and
prepare it for the grand superstructure which
the builders of our institutions designed when
they proclaimed in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence the equality of every man in the
right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness, and the perfect equality of every man to
strive to equal and to strive to excel his neigh-
bor in everything great, good, and useful.
But I am asked, would you allow the leaders
of the rebellion to return to Congress to insult
the loyal North with their odious presence in
the councils of the nation, there to plot treason
and. revue loyalty ? I answer, no. I would take
the proper measures to prevent it. I would
chain them to the ballot of the loyal blacks,
and hold them in the strong grasp of a loyal
people. They will not send them here. You
may frame all the exclusion bills you please,
but if you exclude loyalty from the ballot-box,
and allow none but rebels with a small por-
tion of loyal whites to vote, disloyalty will find
expression in your national Legislature in the
persons of lower and meaner men than the
intellectual chieftains of the rebellion. The
desire to exclude a few from office as an excep-
tion or an expression of a sentiment can ac-
complish no great good. It is not worth seri-
ous consideration. It is like disputing about
an old whip in a negotiation for a first-class
six-horse team. Exclusion from the franchise
and office is idle. It is too difficult to accom-
plish, and no good results can possibly follow.
We do not wish to_ punish the South. It has
already been sufficiently scourged and humili-
ated by the inevitable results of a bloody war.
The avenging hand of Providence has desolated
and devastated their land and smitten down
the first-born in every household, and if they
will now let the bondmen depart from oppres-
sion in peace, with the ballot as their shield
and buckler, why should we demand further
vengeance? "Vengeance is mine, saith the
Lord."
I will not attempt a description of the hor-
rors of the civil war brought upon the South
by the crime of slavery and the conspiracy for
its perpetuation. In the language of Burke,
"A storm of universal fire blasted every field,
consumed every house, destroyed every tem-
ple." The furnaces of retribution for the sins
of the people were heated seven times hotter
than they were wont to be heated, and the vials
of wrath were poured out in torrents on the
heads of the conspirators, consuming slavery
and destroying treason. Are we not satisfied?
Cruel slavery and foul treason shall be no more
in America unless we revive and resuscitate the
former by disfranchisement and oppressions
until it breed new treason to be expiated upon
our children with more terrible vengeance than
the sins of the fathers have brought upon us.
It is no time for crimination and recrimina-
tion. This war was not the work of man but
of God. Let the North mourn her dead he-
roes sacrificed in the cause of liberty and
humanity, the noblest cause in which man can
die. Let the South mourn her dead sacrificed
for the crime of slavery, and let her respect
the sacrifice and go and sin no more. Let the
vengeance of man be stayed. The visitations
of destruction and punishment are beyond our
comprehension or control. Let not our small
individual wrongs and personal prejudices, too
insignificant for consideration when we con-
template the grand dispensations of Providence,
delay us, or stand as barriers to the consum-
mation of the great work of enfranchisement
and liberty. I proclaim as the true platform
of principles, which shall survive this Con-
gress and the present age and serve as a land-
mark for the future, "Peace and good-will
toward all men;" liberty and union; impar-
tial suffrage and universal amnesty.
I appeal to every Union man to declare his
faith and stand by his principles ; deal honestly
with himself and frankly with the South. It is
time they understood the full extent of our de-
mands. The opponents of equal rights never
argue the wright or wrong of impartial suffrage.
They assume that it is a great political crime
and then argue that the Union party is com-
mitted to it. If wo join issue with them on this
point we must fail, for we are committed to it,
and they can prove it. Upon that issue we
must lose before the people. But suppose we
admit what is true and cannot be denied, and
justify our conduct by declaring that we are in
favor of impartial suffrage because it is right,
and ask our opponents, do yon object? If so,
why? Dare you deny protection to the friends
of the Union while you demand political rights
for its enemies? Dare you say that a Union
soldier shall not vote, but a rebel soldier shall ?
Dare you say that he who fed our starving
