(866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
large expenditure. For the improvement of
every harbor for the improvement of which an
estimate had been made from Chicago through
the whole series_of the lakes and down to the
St. Lawrence, within our territory, there has
been ample provision made. Having already
attended to the immediate wants of oar con-
stituents on the northern border, we ought not
m reason to involve the Government in so large
a contract as this will be. There is no limita-
tion on the amount. This guarantee is only so
many millions, but we know very-well from the
history of other appropriations of a similar
character that if this amount is not sufficient
more will be called-for, and more will be given •
and we have no estimate of the cost. We have
no estimate made by any United States engi-
neer as to the_amount that will be necessary
to complete this work. There is no sufficient
guarantee for its completion. I think, there-
fore, until we get fuller information, until we
know what the cost of this work will be, where
it is proposed to be located precisely, and the
mode and manner of the construction of the
work, we ought not to make this contract.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, being one of
the Senators from the West to whom the Sen-
ator from Michigan has made his appeal to
properly protect and represent the interests
ot their constituents, and differing from him
slightly as to what my duty is in this regard, I
wish simply to say that I think I shall be rep-
resenting their true interests when, with the
Senator from Ohio, also a western Senator, I
shall vote for the motion of the Senator from
New York to postpone this bill.
Every person who is familiar with the legis-
lative^ history of Congress must be struck with
the wide departures that are now being con-
stantly made from the former practice in re-
gard to questions of this kind. Until within
the last two or three years, I think, no great
work of this description was ever undertaken
without a regular survey having first been made
and a report predicated upon that survey by
Government officials in the employ and under
the direction of the Government. Why, sir,
if my recollection serves me aright, we spent
more than a million dollars in making what
were deemed to be necessary surveys of the
Pacific railroad. _ I think that the Government
did not embark in the construction of even the
"national road," so called, a common"high-
wav, until after surveys had been made of it;
and the surveys always progressed as the work
proceeded far in advance of the construction .of
the road. Now we are asked, without any
survey, so far as I know, certainly without any
survey authorized by Congress, without any
survey made by anybody under our official,
sanction, to pass a bill for a vast internal im-
provement which, if I do not misunderstand
it, appropriates $6,000,000, and according to
the statement of the Senator from Ohio, may
require untold millions to complete it. I wish
it to be understood, and I think I stated to
the Senate before, that no man is more anxious
to have channels of communication between
the West and' the East than I am, although I
confess that I am not so anxious to have them
as some gentlemen seem to be for the purpose
merely of making the W est an agricultural coun-
try, for the purpose of continuing us merely as
an agricultural population, as the producers of
heavy articles for export. I may be mistaken
about it, but I think I am representing the in-
terests of that section when I decline to vote
for this bill to-day.
The tendency of all corporations now seems
to be to consolidation. I would ask the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin to look to the railroads in
his State, how they have been consolidated
within the last two or three years, so that they
have almost acquired a monopoly of all the
transportation in the State of Wisconsin. I
do not know that it is possible for a citizen of
Minnesota to get his produce to Chicago from
St. Paul by any of the lines of railroad without
aving tribute to that immense monopoly, the
[orthwestern railroad; and I understand from
the newspapers that it is attempting to engross
3763
I
the trade further south, and is negotiating in
order to secure even the Rock Tsland road, in
the State of Illinois. It already controls the
tranic that passes over two lines of road in the
State of Iowa, and is attempting to ensross
another.
Now, I have the fears which the Senator
,rk has exPressed, that if we pass
tins biJi for the benefit of a company Che time
is not far distant when the company to whom
you grant this subsidy will sell out its franchise
to the parties that own the lines of transporta-
tion across the State of New York. Why, sir,
I am credibly informed that the New York Cen- ■
tral railroad, the Harlem railroad, and the Hud-
son River railroad are now run and controlled in
the same interest. They have been attempting
to secure the Erie canal. Whenever you con-
struct this ship-canal so as to make the support
of the trie canal a burden upon the people of
New ^ ork; if it shall be in some future years
as it has been, I understand, in the last year,
when they were compelled to tax the people of
the State of New York $2,000,000 in order to
keep up the Erie canal, how long do you sup-
pose it will be before there will be a public sen-
timent in the State of New York that will com-
pel the Legislature of that State io put its
canal up in the market for sale, just as Penn-
sylvania put up her canal? Not long. What
will be the result? The result will be that this
immense monopoly that now owns the New
York Central, the Hudson Eiver, and the Har-
lem roads will get possession of the Erie canal.
Then how are you going to be benefited? The
Senators who advocate this bill say that they
will have an outlet into Lake Ontario through
this proposed Niagara canal construction ; but
that leaves you with no means of getting any
"further unless you are tributary to the monop-
oly by going through the Oswego canal to the
Erie canal. You are still tributary to this
great monopoly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to state to the
Senator if they^attempt to go down the St.
Lawrence they have to go through Canada and
pass through the Lachine locks.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has well said
that when we get into Lake Ontario we have
the choice of going two ways; we can go
through Canada, through the Lachine locks,
or whatever they are called, down to Montreal
and pay tribute to Canada; or we can take the
New York canal at Oswego, go down to Rome
and then continue on the main line of the Erie
canal to Troy or Albany, paying tribute to this
grand monopoly that engrosses the New York
Central road and the Erie canal; and after
they have accomplished that, when they shall
find that it will be their interest to do it, then
they will put their hands upon this franchise
that you give to this company, and then where
are the people of my country? In the hands
of a soulless monopoly.
The Senator from Michigan says he never
will consent to the Government of the United
States undertaking this work as a national work.
I never will consent to the Government of the
United States making it in any other light than
as a national work. I am not disposed to let
a company ocenpy the only unoccupied ground
for a transit route that there is between the
Mississippi river and the Atlantic ocean, and
then set all the people that are we^t of it at
defiance and charge just such toUs as they
choose.
• I suppose that this bill has provisions, but I
think they were stricken cut to-day, limiting
the tolls. There is probably a provision, or
will be, in the bill, authorizing Congress to
legislate on that subject. I would not give the
snap of my finger for any such provision as that
in any bill. Congress will not legislate about
it. They never will change it. If it has not
got the power now, they will give the power
to the company to transfer its franchise to any
other company. That will be the result of it.
Mr. HOWE. It cannot be done.
Mr. GRIMES. It cannot be done, the Sen-
ator says. It can be done. They are not au-
thorized to do it by the terms of the charter,
but they can buy up the stock.of the com-
pany; they will run it, not in the name of the
New York Central railroad or of the New
York and Erie canal, but they will conduct it
m the name of the present company that you
authorize, they deriving all the benefit from it
and controlling it. That is the way in which
they can do it, by buying up all the stock, put
ting m their own creatures or their own friends
as directors and controllers of it. Now, sir,
for these reasons I am disposed to postpone
this measure until the day specified by the Sen-
ator from New York;_ or if the committee in
charge of the bill will introduce a measure au-
thorizing the engineer department to make a
survey, and that survey shall be reported upon
favorably, I am ready to vote this minute for
an appropriation of six millions, if you please,
to aid in the construction of the "work; and if
that is not enough I will vote for whatever may
be necessary.
The Senator from Michigan says that it will
cost the Government a great deal more if the
Government undertakes to build it than if this
company undertakes to' build it. Very likely
it may; I presume the Senator is correct in
that regard; but we can afford to pay a great
deal more. When we have made it we are not
to be oppressed with tolls in the future ; wo
shall have the control of thatsubject. All that
it will be necessary for us to do will be. to keep
it in repair and furnish the gate-keepers and
the agents. They can be paid through a small
toll to be levied, or they can be paid directly
from the Treasury of the United States; but
under the provisions of this bill, it seems to
me^ we shall subject ourselves to the imposition
of just such tolls as this company may see fit
to impose.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I shall vote for this
postponement, and I am free to say that if it
is not postponed in the present attitude of the
bill, I shall vote against the bill itself, although
I stand precisely in the category referred to bv
the honorable Senatorfrom Michigan—not that
I slionkl inevitably be opposed to eonstructing
this canal. Atapropertime and under proper
circumstances I am inclined to think that I
might favor it. That is my present impression
in relation to the matter, although I have not
examined the subject sufficiently to be pre-
pared to give a definite answer on that point;
but there is nothing in my mind in reference
to it that would necessarily prevent my doing
so, and I am favorable to the object.
My difficulty is of another description. I did
not vote for the Pacific railroad bill. I did. not
vote at all on that measure. I believe there
were only five votes against it. If my vote
would have defeated the bill as it stood, I
probably should haye voted against it, not that
I was opposed to the construction of the Pa-
cific railroad, but 1 have been from the begin-
ning opposed, even for the purpose of obtain-
ing a very considerable good, to violating what
I supposed to be a constitutional provision, or
at any rate of transcending the limits of the
power which we had under the Constitution.
My view with regard to the Pacific railroad was
that we could only construct it under what is
called the war power, connecting the country
together for the common defense. I supposed
to that end that it was not necessary for us to
go any further than to construct the road
through the Territories of the United States,
from State to State; and the mode in which I
thought it ought to be done was that it should
be properly surveyed. We had already had
general surveys; but as it was a national work,
the propriety of the thing required that the
national Government should asceitaiu where
the road ought to be built, lay it out, decide
upon the line, fix it, and then build it for na-
tional purposes. I have been opposed always
to putting national works into the power of
corporations; and since the vote wa^aken on
that" subject my objection has been grpwing
stronger and stronger every day, for it is get-
ting to be the case under the legislation of
Congress, in my judgment, that the country is
to be controlled by great corporations and our
