1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2803
prisoners shall not vote, butthat he who starved
them shall ? Dare you say that this Govern-
ment_ shall punish its friends and reward its
enemies? Dare you contend that four million
loyal citizens shall be outlawed and trampled
under foot and allowed to perish because our
enemies are^ exasperated against them on ac-
count of theirfriendship for us, and at the same
time ask enfranchisement for our enemies so
that they may destroy our friends, menace our
liberty, and embarrass our finances ? Dare you
deny liberty to the loyal and claim power and
freedom for the disloyal? In politics as inlaw,
if you join issue on a false plea you will lose
your cause. It is false to say we are not in
favor of impartial suffrage; and if we make
that issue we shall be defeated. But it is true
that all men are equally entitled to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness, and «f our ene-
mies dare join issue with us on these great
principles we are sure of an overwhelming ver-
dict from a loyal and liberty-loving people.
Suppose we declare that when the rights of man
are freely acknowledged and made secure, that
we are in favor of amnesty and mercy for our
enemies ; dare our opponents say they are for
vengeance and blood? Suppose we say that
we are contending for justice, and when that
is secure our enemies shall enjoy all the civil
and political rights of American citizens ; dare
our opponents say that they shall not enjoy
those rights? Suppose we rise to the true
grandeur of this great contest and declare that
we meau justice, humanity, liberty, and Union;
dare our opponents say they mean wrong, op-
pression, secession, and slavery ?
Let me appeal to the people of the South to
cease contending for wrong and injustice, and
learn to do right and love mercy. "Blessed
are the merciful for they shall obtain mercy."
Men of the South, put notyour trust in modern
Democracy. Beware of false prophets which
come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly
are ravening wolves." Have you not heard
enough of their vain-glorious boasts of power
to aid you ? Did they not encourage you to
rebel and promise you aid and comfort in your
struggle to overthrow the Government, and did
they not desert you in the hour of your greatest
trial? Were they not invisible in war as they
had been invincible in peace ? Do you desire
to be betrayed into another conflict with the
overwhelming forces of liberty and union?
Have not your efforts to destroy the Union and
trample upon equal rights been sufficiently dis-
astrous? Do you desire your homes to be again
visited by war, pestilence, and famine? Has
not the work of destruction satisfied you that
there is a just God who takes vengeance on the
oppressor and him who denies mercy to the
poor and friendless? Think not that modern
Democracy can shield you from the terrible
retribution that awaits you if you longer deny
the inalienable rights of man. A just God has
declared oppression and wrong shall depart
from the land, and the loyal millions who stand
by the Union will execute His commands. For
a time the arts of demagogues and the cohesive
power of public plunder may seem triumphant,
yet they do but seem. The same grand senti-
ment that rallied the loyal North to strike for
liberty and union will still inspire the heart
and nerve the arm to finish the work so glori-
ously begun. The little spring from which first'
gushed the waters of liberty has become a
mighty torrent, sweeping slavery and oppres-
sion to destruction. Modern Democracy is but
the flood-wood that maddens the rushing waters
but cannot stay the flood. Regard not this
floating trash but heed the loyal fountains from
whence the torrent flows. Attempt no further
obstruction of its course, but let it do its work
and wash the crime of slavery from a land
sacred to freedom. Attempt not impossi-
bilities.
The chains of bondage are broken, the
shackles have fallen from the limbs of the slave,
and no earthly power can rob him of enfran-
chisement and liberty, the birthright of an
American citizen. Engage not in this wicked
work, for the avenging hand cannot be stayed
from those who still oppress. In such a con-
flict your own liberty is in jeopardy, and destruc-
tion and devastation threaten your country.
Men of the South, let by-gones be by-gones and
join in the glorious work of enfranchisement.
Let your afflicted country have repose from this
fearful strife. Give the ballot to the black man
and retain it for yourselves and your posterity.
The ballot is a gracious boon and none the less
precious because enjoyed by the poor as well
as the rich, the black as well as the white. It
is the only guarantee of liberty. Is liberty less
sweet when secured by all mankin d ? I appeal
to the South in the name of the Father of the
Revolution, in the name of justice and human-
ity, in the name of peace and union, and in
the sacred name of Christianity itself to grant
the ballot and receive the cordial friendship
and fellowship of the brave and generous peo-
ple of the loyal States. Let it be distinctly
understood thatif the evils of confiscation, dis-
franchisement, and military despotism come
upon the South it will be because she refused
to hear the truth from her friends, and refused
to aid them to give her peace, but trusted to her
enemies and those who would barter away her
liberties in the vain hope of obtaining power
for themselves.
Sir, my mountain home and the bold pio-
neers with whom I have passed all the days of
my manhood, and whom I know well, call for
no more blood, no more desolation, no more
widows and orphans, no more accumulation of
debt, but they hope forpeace, union, and liberty
for all. My constituents love the country and
the whole country. There is no State in the
Union that is not the native land of many cit-
izens of Nevada. Their home is in the far-off
mountains, but their affections cling to every
village and hamlet in, America. We have lived
together upon the shores of the Pacific for near
twenty years. The good and bad fortunes of
a miner's life have been common to us all. We
have learned to appreciate and respect men
from all sections, and our destinies are so in-
terwoven in our common pursuits and common
interests that the continuance of this unnatural
conflict disturbs and mars the happiness of all
our people. Nevada advocates everything for
security, nothing for revenge; everything for
political safetyv nothing for partisan power.
Her prosperity depends to a great extent upon
friendly and cordial relations among her citi-
zens. The restoration of the South will bring
peace and happiness to Nevada, and I should
not represent her if I were not zealous in that
work. I deny that blood, confiscations, dis-
franchisement, and military despotism is any
part of the platform of the Union party to
which I belong. If to be a radical means to
thirst for human blood, love human misery, and
hate mercy, then I am no radical. If to be a
radical means to love the Union, the Constitu-
tion, and the free Government of the fathers,
to do justice to all men and respect the rights
of all, then I am a radical. I know not what
others may do, but as for me I shall labor hon-
estly and zealously to secure the adoption of
any plan which offers any hope of peace and
union on the principles of justice and human-
ity. I shall not despair until a plan looking
to revenge -and partisan rule shall have been
adopted; a plan based on the worst passions
of our nature shall have been sanctioned by
this Congress, and then I shall lose all hope
of any good results from our deliberations. I
appeal to Senators to consider this momentous
issue in the light of reason and Christianity, to
be charitable for the sins of our common
humanity, to deal justly, and love mercy.
I shall first offer my resolutions for amnesty
and suffrage as a substitute. If I fail in that,
1 shall ask that they may be submitted as an
alternative proposition, and if I am still unsuc-
cessful, I will vote for the plan of the majority
so long as it is a better plan than that of the
President. But when Congress shall have com-
mitted itself to a platform which means cither
disunion or despotism, I shall await in despair
the evils that threaten our country, hoping that
an all-wise Providence may avert the pending
storm.
I have no disposition to find fault with the
committee on reconstruction. I realize the
difficulties which they have been called upon
to encounter. That they have acted a noble
part in their efforts to harmonize conflicting
opinions no one has any just reason to doubt.
I rejoice in the manner in which the report is
presented and the liberal spirit manifested by
the committee toward those who are anxious
to aid in the perfection of their plan. I hope
for good results when debate shall have termi-
nated and final conclusions shall be presented
to a generous public. I cannot believe thatif
Congress should finally reach the conclusion
that the late rebels must be supreme in their
local State governments, that they will then
adopt measures to exasperate those whom they
trust with the life, liberty, and happiness of
the black man. If the generosity of the South
is to be the only guarantee of a precarious
existence that is to be secured for the negro,
it is cruelty to him to enrage his master—for
master he will be—with aggravating legislation.
If you leave him in the lion's mouth do not
exasperate the lion, but appease him if possi-
ble. If you have no means of security admit
the South at once and extinguish the hope of
liberty in the breast of the negro, and let him
make the best terms he can for his hopeless
life.
The President's plan is by far the best, if
Congress only aggravates and enrages the South
but tails to eradicate the acknowledged evils.
The President, according to Mr. Seward, is
willing to take votes as a basis of representa-
tion, which differs but little from, and I think
is an improvement upon, the report of the
committee in that regard. He also wishes
the confederate debt and claims for emanci-
pated slaves repudiated.' If nothing better
can be done, let Congress fake any plan that
will end the conflict; but if we have princi-
ples, as we profess to have, it is our duty to
affirm and vindicate them. It will be time
enough to say the States will not adopt a just
plan when that experiment has been tried and
failed. If we are to be defeated, let us fall
with our face to the foe. I have no ambition
to die in an irregular or guerrilla war. My
motto is civilized warfare or a square surrender.
The country will not justify a distinction with-
out a difference. If there is no difference on
questions of principle there ought to be no fur-
ther cross-purposes between Congress and the
President. The world will brand us as fae-
tionists and our efforts as a struggle for parti-
san power, if we rely too much on expediency.
I hope the Senate will pardon the frankness
with which I have attempted to express my
views. Let amnesty and suffrage be submitted,
and allow each State to act separately, and if
the South adopt it, the North must; and if
the North does, how can the South refuse?
It is safe to say she will not jeopardize her peace
and security in any such way. Let the plan
embody civil rights, impartial suffrage, and
repudiation of both rebel debt and claims for
emancipated slaves on the one hand, and uni-
versal amnesty and restoration of rebels to civil
and political rights on the other hand, and the
country will finish the work. And when it is
done it will be well done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment to the joint resolution proposed
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] Is
the Senate ready for the (Juestion ?
Mr. HOWARD. I suggest that the discus-
sion be postponed until to-morrow, and I make
that motion, that the further consideration of
this subject be postponed until to-morrow at
one o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it in order to move to
strike out the third section as it stands now
without offering a substitute for it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such a mo-
tion would be in order.
