1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2805
this work such a one as we ought to have, if it
is put in the care of a competent man, but it
will save $150,000 or $200,000. I have not a
doubt of that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would it not save more
not to publish any of these things?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maine
asks if it would not save more not to publish
any. That is very true; but my judgment is
that these reports and papers ought to be pub-
lished, and published at the earliest possible
day. They are of great historical importance.
They should be properly edited and go into
■our libraries and before the country for the
information and instruction of our own people,
and as a historical work. We have already
ordered them to be published. Congress has
passed a resolution providing for their publi-
cation ; and a large amount of them are in the
printing office now. The Superintendent of
Public Printing has been holding back for
some weeks in order to see if anything is to be
done here on this subject. If not, he will
commence the publication, imperfect as it is,
and I believe nearly every page will have a
defect upon it unless we put it under the eye
of a competent, man. I hope, therefore, if we
are to have this work published at all, that the
Senate will see to it that it is properly edited,
and that it is a work worthy of the country.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out in the
sixth and seventh lines of the first section the
words, "and of all other documents of every
description relating to the late rebellion."
This proposition is a very comprehensive one.
As the resolution now reads, it says:
That in order to insure the publication in proper
form, and at the least possible expense, of the re-
ports and orders of commanding officers, and of all
correspondence by telegraph or otherwise, and of all
other documents of every description relating to the
late rebellion, accumulated in the archives of the War
Department, &c.
That includes the muster-rolls and all sorts
of communications of every kind and descrip-
tion. Certainly the Senator does not propose
to have published everything in relation to
deserters, applications to have a man pardoned
for desertion, court-martial proceedings, &c.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the force of the
word "otherwise," there? That includes all
the rest. You ought to strike out the word
"otherwise."
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. The language is,
"all correspondence by telegraph or other-
wise." That, Isuppose, was intended to relate
to the correspondence between officers in com-
mand of departments and divisions, and so on,
and the War Department; but the words in
the sixth and seventh lines that I have pro-
posed to strike out would include every con-
ceivable thing, it seems to me.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think this proposition
ought to go to the Committee on Printing.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
seems to suppose that it will only cost some
four or five hundred thousand dollars, but in
all human probability it will cost one or two
millions. It will cost a great deal more than
that if these words are not stricken out. I
suggest to my friend from Massachusetts
whether we had not better ascertain in some
way what would be the probable cost of a work
of this description.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that on the best information I can gather it
will take from thirty to fifty volumes to com-
plete this work.
Mr. GRIMES. How large volumes?
Mr. WILSON. Good-sized, large volumes.
Different estimates as to the number of vol-
umes are made by those who have made some
examination into the subject; and it will cost
of course to publish any number of them sev-
eral thousand dollars a volume. If we allow
the work to go on and be completed according
to the existing law, it will cost from five hun-
dred thousand to seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars. This proposition will reduce it
down at least one third in expense and malje
a perfect work of it. I am willing, however,
to strike out thesfe words, or modify it so that
nothing will be published that is not a part of
these reports.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose, whether these
words are stricken out or not, that all the re-
ports and all the correspondence made by the
confederate army would be included. They
are all in the War Office now. So far from its
costing half a million dollars, I think it will
cost some two or three millions before we are
done with it. The honorable member's esti-
mate, which he says he has made after as cor-
rect information as he could get, is not alto-
gether as accurate, perhaps, as ought to be
relied on. He says it will take from thirty to
fifty volumes, leaving a margin of some twenty
volumes. That is not much of an estimate.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that it is simply an estimate. It is all that can
be made. In the first place it is a guess, after
such information as we could get. In regard
to the number of volumes, some persons who
have looked into the subject very carefull}' think
the work will make fifty volumes ; at any rate,
all think it will make from thirty to fifty. Some
of these ^reports are not yet in. There are a
number to come in that are yet in the course
of preparation. -
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the resolution of
1804?
Mr. WILSON. That resolution provides for
the publication of these papers.
Mr. JOHNSON. Everything?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; everything per-
taining to these reports.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we had better
stop that.
Mr. WILSON. This resolution provides for
having them properly arranged. I think if the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Iowa
is adopted, it makes it very simple, and if we
shall want to publish more hereafter, it can be
done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know really,
until I heard this resolution called up to-day,
that a resolution had been passed for the pub-
lication of these reports. I believe it is the
first lime in the history of any country—I do
not know that that is any objection to it—
where the Government has undertaken to pub-
lish immediately everything connected with a
long war. My idea is that the time has hardly
arrived yet to make such a publication, and
that if we were to publish these papers at all,
we ought to proceed in a very different mode
from that which is suggested. In the first
place, there ought to be competent persons to
make a selection from this mass of papers of
what is to be published. Everybody can see
that under this general publication order, with
nobody, in fact, to control it, it will go to an
interminable length, and that we shall be pub-
lishing a vast amount of material that is not
of the"slightest use in the world. _ An under-
taking of this sort ought to be deliberate, and
ought to be carefully provided for, in my
judgment, if you undertake it at all. My
notion is, generally, that it would be as well to
leave the whole of them to be looked over by
historians who will write the history of these
events, and put in what it is necessary and
advisable that the world should know. But
if you want everything published for every-
body to look at and search out what may be
good and what may be useless, the better way
is to proceed deliberately about it; have some
competent persons appointed to _ make the
selection ; to edit the papers, in point of fact;
to select that which ought to be published or
is worthy of publication ; to arrange it under
its proper heads, with reference to specific
campaigns and specific movements, and put
everything that belongs to one subject to-
gether ; and that is a work of time andlabor,
and ought to precede any attempt to print the
papers.
Now, as far as we have gone it is perfectly
manifest that the whole labor has been thrown
away and is worse than useless, because full
of mistakes; and mistakes will be just as likely
to follow under the resolution now proposed,
though not to the Same extent. Sonre money
has been expended, though but a trifle in com-
parison to what this must cost I think it would
be better to reconsider the whole matter, to
repeal the resolution of 1864, which is imper-
fect in itself, covers too much ground, leads to
mistakes, and leads to no valuable results, and
if then it is determined by Congress to publish
these papers, to proceed as other people pro-
ceed who want to make papers valuable, to
have them edited by competent persons and
arranged so that the work may be something
worth giving to the public. In that way you
will accomplish two objects: in the first jplace
you will cull out from the great mass what is
good for something, and you will have that in
a readable shape, and you will save a vast deal
of money. But evidently to pass this resolu-
tion now on the statement of expense that my
honorable friend from Massachusetts gives, is,
to my mind, absurd. A margin of from thirty
to fifty volumes is a very large one even for a
guess. It shows manifestly that for anything
my friend knows it may be a hundred.
Mr. WILSON. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, you cannot state
the number. I have heard these papers de-
scribed as being there by the cart load, and
you cannot tell what number of volumes they
will make. Clearly, if you get a publication
of fifty volumes of the events of this war and
the papers connected with it, without having
the work edited, without having the subjects
selected, without having the papers arranged,
without having them properly indexed, nobody
would give anything for the fifty volumes in his
library, because he could not find what he
wanted in them. He might just as well go to
the War Office and hunt over the papers there
to ascertain what there was that was good for
something to be used.
Instead of passing this resolution in any
shape, my judgment would be that we had bet-
ter stop where we are, and repeal the resolu-
tion that was passed at the former Congress;
and if you then decide to begin, begin a great
work, (because it will be a great work,) as
experience has proved the only proper method;
let it be undertaken by competent persons as a
work of time and not of hurry; and give to the
people of this country at the end something
that will be worth having, and will in a measure
pay fo* the immense sum that we must expend
in accomplishing it. In the present state of
our finances I should rather hope the whole
thing might be deferred to a better opportu-
nity ; but of that the Senate will judge. But
if we are to undertake it, let us do it like sen-
sible business people, and not push all this
matter in a mass into the printer's hands to
be published at vast expense, and to be good
for nothing after we have got it.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator
from Maine entirely; and the object of the
committee in reporting this resolution is to
have the thing properly done, if done at all.
On the 19th of May, 1864, the Senate passed a
resolution "to provide for the printing of of-
ficial reports of operations of the Army of the
United States." I will read this resolution,
so that Senators may understand precisely what
the law now is:
"That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to furnish the Superintendent of Public
Printing with copies of all such correspondence, by
telegraph or otherwise, reports of commanding offi-
cers, and documents of every description in relation
to the existing rebellion, to be found in the archives
of his Department since the 1st day of December,
1850, to the present time, and during the continuance
of said rebellion, which may be,inhisopinion,proper
to be published with said correspondence, reports,
and documents, which o.iI bo published m their
proper chronological order.
"Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Super-
intendent of Public Printing shall cause to be printed
and bound (in addition to the usual number? ten
thousand copies of such correspondence, reports, and
documents, in volumes of not exceeding (as_ near as
maybe) eioiht hundred octavo pages each.whieh shall
be distributed by the Secretary of the Senate as fol-
lows, to wit, live hundred copies to the \V ar Depart-
ment, one complete copy to each State library ot
every State in the Union, and five complete copies to
public libraries in each congressional district of the
United States, to be designated by the Representa-
tive of the presoot Cotfgress from such aistnct; and
eff tire rerttttmms copies three thtius'ana snail oe for
