1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
trouble: and yet we are now about to confer
upon the Secretary of the Treasury powers that
we cannot in the nature of things recall. It is
true we may repeal this law next year, but we
kuow very well that when these large powers
are granted they are very seldom recalled ; they
are made the precedents of further grants of
power and are very rarely recalled. It seems
to me that the whole object of the passage of
this bill is to place it within the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury to contract the cur-
rency of the country, and thus, as I think, to
produce an unnecessar}' strain upon the people.
This power I do not think ought to be given to
him. The House of Representatives did not
intend to give him this power. They debated
the'bill a long time, and it was defeated 011 the
ground that they would not confer on the Sec-
retary this power to reduce the currency, and
finally it was only passed with a proviso con-
tained in the bill which I will now read:
Provided, That of bniteil States notes not more
tlmn isl0,0'j0,000 may bcietiied and canceled within
six months h-om the passage of this act, and there-
after not more than $1,000,000 in any one month.
The purpose of the House of Representa-
tives was, while giving the Secretary power to
fund the debt as it matured or even before
maturity, giving him the most ample power
over the debt of the United States, to limit
his power over the currency, lest he might
carry to an extreme the view presented by him
in his annual report. If this proviso would
accomplish the purpose designed by the House
of Representatives, I would cease all opposi-
tion to this hill; but I know it will not, and
for this very obvious reason : that there is no
restraint upon the power of the Secretary of
the Treasury to accumulate legal-tender notes
in the Treasury. He may retire Iri'200.000,000
of legal-tender notes by retaining them in his
possession without cancellation, and thus ac-
complish the very purpose the House of Rep-
resentatives did not intend to allow him to
accomplish. He may sell tho bonds of the
United States at any rate he chooses for legal
tenders, and he may hold those legal tenders
in his vaults, thus retiring them from the busi-
ness of the country, and thus produce the very
contraction which the House of Representa-
tives meant to deny him power to do. There-
fore, this proviso, which only limits the power
of canceling securities or notes, does not limit
his power over the currency, and he may,
without violating this bill, in pursuance of the
very terms of the bill, contract the currency
according to liis own good will and pleasure.
My own impression is, that the Secretary of
the Treasury, in carrying oul his known policy,
will do so. lie says he will not contract it ,
unreasonably or too rapidly, but I believe he \
will contract the currency in this way. He has
now in the vaults of the'Treasury $00,000,001)
in currency and $02,000,000 in gold—a larger
balance, 1 believe, than was ever before kept
in the Treasury until within the last two or
three months ; a larger balance than was ever
foundln the Treasury during the war. What
is the object of accumulating these vast bal-
ances in the Treasury*? Simply to carry out
his policy of contraction. With'this power of
retaining in the Treasury the money that comes
in, what does he care for the limitation put
upon this bill by the House of Representatives?
That says that he .shall not retire and cancel
more than 810,000,000 of United States notes
within six months, and not more than $4,000,-
000 in anyone month thereafter; but why need
he retire and cancel them when he can retain
them in the vaults of the Treasury, and thus
contract the currency?
That brings me to the only material objec-
tion that 1 have to this bill. I do not think it
wise now to place in tho power of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury or any mortal man this j
absolute and extreme control over the cur-
rencv of the country. We have never done it ;
beiore. In tho bills that were passed when mv
honorable friend from Maine [Mr. Fesskxdex] ,1
was Secretary of tho Treasury and when Mr.
Chase was Secretary of the Treasury, we au- U
thorized them to retire legal-tender notes, but
only by issuing other notes of the same char-
acter. That was the provision of the law of
1864. ITere we authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to retire $10,000,000 within six
months and $4,000,000 a month thereafter.
That is all that the House of Representatives
was willing to do after debate and after an ex-
treme effort to pass this bill; but, sir, under
the general operations of the Treasury Depart-
ment, without the power given him by this bill,
he may contract the currency without limit at
his pleasure. If the Senate are willing to give
him that power, I have nothing further to say.
They should do it with their eyes open. I do
not think the Secretary of the Treasury ought
to have ' hut power.
I do not doubt in the least cither the integ-
rity or the capacity of the present incumbent,
of the Treasury Department. I have as much
confidence in him as any one; but this ques-
tion of the currency is one that affects so inti-
mately all the business relations of life, the
property of every man in this country, his abil-
ity to pay taxes, his ability to earn food and
acquire a living, that no man ought to have the
powerto vary the volume of currency. It ought to
be regulated by law, and thelaw ought to be so
fixed and so defined that every business man
may transact his business with full knowledge
of the amount of the currency, with all its lim-
its and qualifications. I ask you, sir, how any
prudent or judicious man can now engage in any
important business in which he is compelled to
go in debt with this large power hanging>over
him. It would be unsafe for him to do so. The
amount of the currency ought to be fixed by
law, whether much or little. There ought to
be a limit, and no man ought to have the power
at pleasure to enlarge or contract that limit.
With the powers conferred by this bill the
Secretary of tho Treasury may at any mo-
ment put into the market a bond that will at
once absorb all the legal tenders. It may be
said that he will not do it; that it will not be
his interest to do it. Then why give him the
power to do it when it is not necessary? If
there was now an impending necessity resting
upon him to raise a large sum of money within
a short period of time I would be willing to give
him this power as cheerfully as any one ; but
there is no sueli necessity. Why, then, place
it in his powcr'to contract or expand the cur-
rency at his pleasure, and thus make fluctua-
tions in all the business transactions of life?
That this is not an idle fear I know from cor-
respondence with some of the bestjbusiness men
of the country. They are alarmed and refuse
to go on and contract new obligations; they
refuse to goon with tlieirbusiness in the manner
in which it has gone on ; the effect of the pend-
ency of this bill has been to limit and contract
the transactions in various operations of enter-
prise and business. I presume there are few
Senators here but have had complaints of this
kind made from business men in different parts
of the country, that tho uncertainty of the
amount of currency on hand, and the uncer-
tainty as to the policy to be adopted by the
Government and the Secretary of the Treasury,
takes away from them all moans of judging as
to what amount of business they can transact.
With this power, the will or whim of the
Secretary of the Treasury might destroy all the
men of the country who are compelled to go
into debt to carry on their business. A sudden
contraction or a sudden expansion might build
up or tear down fortunes. I think every citi-
zen of the United States has the right to know
how much currency, which is the blood of the
whole system, shall be in existence for the time
being. There should be some limit over this
power. The House of Representatives in-
tended that there should be a limit. They
proposed such a limit; but as I said before,
that limit, from the very nature of things, with-
out further amendment is of no account what-
ever. _ The passage of that limitation leaves
the bill, in that particular, precisely as it was
before; because all the Secretary has got to do
is to receive these legal tenders, put them in
the hands of the Treasurer of the TJnitcd States,
Mr. Spinner, where they will be safely kept,
and they will be retired from thebusiness oper-
ations of the country, and produce the very
results which the House of Representatives in-
tended to prevent.
1 do not think that this is the time or the
occasion to enter into an elaborate discussion
as to the amount of currency needed in this
country, or as to the various, financial subjects
that may be brought before the Senate at
different periods. There are only two propo-
sitions in this bill. One is to give the Secretary
of the Treasury, without limit, the power to sell
bonds of the United States, to retire any por-
tion of the present debt of the United States
at pleasure. He may, with these bonds, as he
is doing, retire notes that are not due for two
or three years. He may, wilh this power, at
his discretion retire the five-twenties and ten-
forties or any portion of the debt of the Uni-
ted States. He may sell bonds without limit
as to amount, without limit as to rate. There
is no limit upon him. That power you may
choose to give him, although I see no necessity
for it.
Then there is the further power to reduce
the currency, a power that has not heretofore
been granted to any Secretary of tho Treasury.
The amount heretofore has been fixed and lim-
ited by law. By the first clause of this bill the
Secretary is authorized to receive Treasury
notes, or United States notes of any form or
description, and there is no limitation to this
power except the clause which I have read to
you. That limits his power to retire and cancel
the United States notes, but not to accumulate
the enormous balances on hand. My own im-
pression has been, and when this bill was before
the Committee on Finance I believed it would
be better for that committee to report to the
Senate a financial project to fund the debt of
the United States. I believe that now is the
favorable time to do it. If a five per cent,
bond, a long bond of proper description and
proper guarantee, was now placed upon the
market, with such ample powers to negotiate
it as ought to be given to the Secretary of the
Treasury, such a loan as was authorized two
years ago, at a reduced rate of interest, to be
exempt from taxation, I have no doubt what-
ever the Secretary of the Treasury could fund
every portion of the debt of the United States
as it matured.
The real difficulty of our financial position
in the future grows out of the peculiar char-
acter of the seven-thirty notes. By those notes
the holder, when they mature, has the option
to demand the money or a live-twenty bond.
It is manifest that as this option is out it can-
not be recalled. To recall that option would
be a violation of the faith of the United States,
that the holder of these notes may demand
either the money or a bond. It is therefore
the interest of the United States so to preserve
its credit that the five-twenties will be above
par, and thus the seven-thirty notes when due
will be converted into five-twenties, which will
run for five years at six per cent.; then I
think the whole debt of the United States
might be funded and reduced to five per cent.
I do not believe it would limit or cripple the
power of the Secretary if e would grant him
authority to put upon the market such a bond
as I have mentioned and limit his power over
the nationnl currency by requiring him to pay
out all over a reasonable balance in the Treas-
ury toward the liquidation of the public debt,
and thus prevent the very thing the House of
Representatives intended to prevent by this
proviso to the bill.
I do not like to embarrass a bill of this kind
with amendments, because I know it is diffi-
cult to consider amendments of this sort re-
quiring an examination of figures and tables.
I have prepared a bill very carefully, with a
view to meet my idea, but I will not present it
now in antagonism to this bill passed by the
House of Representatives and the view taken by
the Finance Committee, because I know, in the
present condition of the Senate, it would not
