782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
each State, as long as the people thereof Have
observed their allegiance to the General Gov-
ernment, has been free and independent.
The legal union of the States cannot be broken
by the action of the people of any State unless
it is accomplished by successful rebellion. The
rebellion failed, and therefore all the people
who have upheld the Union and still control
its Government can insist that the Union isnot
dissolved, and that territorially the States in
rebellion still exist. Sovereignty is still inher-
ent in the people of those States, to be exercised
whenever in the judgment of the Government
they can do so consistent with the national
safety. I do not recognize any authority now
existing in these States to represent this sov-
ereignty or to carry out the powers which a loyal
people instituting loyal State governments and
sending loyal members to Congress can do, for
the reason that the authorities and people of
those States went into the rebellion, as I have
stated, together with their Representatives in
Congress who withdrew from these Halls for
that purpose.
Their right to a new State government, to
resume their practical and original relations
with the loyal States, undoubtedly exists under
certain conditions and restrictions. It seems
to me that it necessarily follows from the rela-
tion of Government and people, which is of
allegiance on the one hand and protection on
the other, that if a portion of the people re-
fuse their allegiance to the Government and
make war upon it for its destruction, and are
defeated in the attempt, they have forfeited
the right of protection and are at the mercy of
the Government. I said they were entitled to
resume their original relations under certain
conditions and restrictions. Who is to be the
judge of those conditions and what they shall
be? Shall the red-handed traitor be the judge?
Is he to prescribe the conditions of his own re-
turn. No one will contend that. The whole
practice of our Government under the last Ad-
ministration and the present has been against it.
Shall foreign nations be the judge ? No,
thank God, in our darkest hour our Govern-
ment resented even the advice of some of those
nations as offensive and impertinent. And now
we stand magnificent and peerless among the
nations which of them shall thrust its judgment
upon us? Will the autocrat of France? We
say to him that if his intermeddling with affairs
on this continent in defiance of the time-honored
policy of this country does not cease, the army
of blue will again be in motion and Maximil-
lian will be hurled from the throne of the llon-
tezumas.
1 shall not perplex myself with abstract
propositions or enter into any discussion as to
whether the rebel States are in the Union or
out of it. No one contends that they have le-
gally severed their connection with the Union.
The territorial boundaries of the Slates still ex-
ist; we have the right still to compel their obe-
dience to the Government; they owe allegiance
to no other; but as Mr. Lincoln, in his great
good sense, in a spcech made a few days before
his assassination, says:
"They arc out of their practical relation with the
Union."
Practically, they have been out of the Union,
and practically in feeling and sympathy they
are out still; and ours shall be the task to bring
them back, not simply to power without Union,
but so to reconstruct as to secure a true Union
with power. And while a Slate, considered as
simply a legal institution, cannot be destroyed,
still its government can be overturned and its
members and people go into treason, so that
practically it is destroyed; for after all —
"What constitutes a State?
-N ot high-raised battlements, or labored mound,
Thick wall, or moated gate;
Jr ot cities proud, with spires and turrets crowned;
Not bays and broad-armed ports,
\, here, lattgaing at the storm, rich navies ride;
3\ot starred and spangled courts,
Where low-browed baseness wafts perfumes to pride—
A o! men, high-minded men,"
not traitors.
Where do you get your constitutional power
to keep their Representatives from Congress;
to organize military tribunals over them ; sus-
pend their courts, their Legislatures, their
State functions? Ask gentlemen on the Dem-
ocratic side—you are revolutionary, say they.
The land groans under your despotism, they
exclaim. These terrible assertions would alarm
us did we not " consider the source." These
same persons and their party said, when trea-
son's gripe was at the nation's throat, and its
guns commanded this capital, and our Gov-
ernment was trembling in the balance, "Oh!
you cannot coerce a State!" "You must not
make arbitrary arrests!" "You cannot make
your Government credits legal tender!" "You
cannot legally draft men into the Army; you
are revolutionary; you disregard the Constitu-
tion. '' They said the war was a failure, at Chi-
cago ; they were the first after the war to grasp
hands all red with the blood of our slain broth-
ers ; and now they are in these Halls still harp-
ing on the subject.
They had not long since the Democratic
party with three quarters of the States; and
year by year and one by one the people thrusl
them out as false prophets and guides; and now
they have not a State (except a few reconstructed
rebel ones in the South) that they can control;
and here they arc, a lean and hungry band of
thirty-five or forty, uttering their notes of dis-
cord as ever, and now "crooking the pregnant
hinges of the knee" to President Johnson,
1' that thrift may follow fawning.1' And they,
thus repudiated and disowned, are still repeat-
ing their old cry of unconstitutionality. I say to
them that they learn nothing by experience,
nothing from history , or they would have seen
ere this the " handwriting upon the wall," and
read their own fate in that of the Tories of the
Revolution and the Federalists of 1812. They
assume to bo the special champions of the
President, whom not long ago they denounced
a "usurper" and ''tyrant." Do they think
the President anxious to share their fate, logo
down with them to a political death from which
there will be no resurrection ? No, gentlemen;
be admonished; the President understands you
as he did when the southern wing of your party
drove him a refugee from his home and hunted
him like a wild beast.
Had your counsel been followed in time of
war the nation would have perished. The peo-
ple . "hi not listen to you now. When the dif-
ficult. work of reconstruction is to be done, they
will follow the earnest men who have brought
them safely through the night now the morning
is breakiug. Call them radicals, call them rev-
olutionists, denounce the reconstruction com-
mittee ordered by Congress as you denounced
Lincoln, Johnson, Grant, and the "mercenary
soldiery" that scared your rebel friends and
rested like nightmares upon your copperhead
slumbers, and yet the nation will come up to
the great work. Congress will do its whole duty
inlawed by fear, unseduccd by favor. The peo-
ple will sustain that Congress in taking all the
time necessary to reconstruct our Union on the
foundations of immutable justice and equity to
all classes and races under this broad flag, and
woe to him, high or low, that stands in the way
of it.
But I answer yon that the Constitution does
not provide for its own destruction ; it was not
so framed as to exclude all things that were
needed for its own perpetuity. It provides for
putting down rebellion, for the punishment of
treason, for securing republican governments to
the States ; for rules and regulations to govern
the Territories and other property of the Cni-
led States; for raising armies and navies, and
for the common defense. These are the grand
objects of the Constitution ; anything neces-
sary to be done to carry out these objects is con-
stitutional. It is constitutional to do all things
necessary to preserve the Constitution and the
nation which it founded.
It was constitutional to put down the rebel-
lion; so it is constitutional to do all to prevent
a return of rebellion—to provide for the future
security of the nation.
You cannot invoke precedents in history to
control our action; the situation is new. As
there never was such a framework of govern-
ment—such a people, such a rebellion, such
traitors to deal with—we have consequently
no guides in the nast to illumine our pathway
in the future. We must do what is necessary,
relying upon our own judgment and sense of
duty to complete the work begun in the field;
for I say to you we are still combatting our old
enemy in another form.
Again, the rights we now claim to exercise
spring from the war power which is inherent
in all Governments. When civil governments
fail to secure obedience to the Constitution and
laws, resort is had to the military power, and
military governments are established such as
Tennessee possessed under Governor (now
President) Johnson, and other States have had
during the rebellion; and, since the disloyal
armies were overthrown, the war power has
still been exercised, and its exercise is still
needed ia those States. The President has in-
sisted that they should ratify the constitutional
amendment, give the freedman a standing in
court as witness and party, and that they should
repudiate the rebel debt before he would re-
mit them to their civil rights, or advise the
reception of their members by Congress. How
can this extraordinary executive power be jus-
tified except upon the principles I have ad-
verted to ?
The only question remaining is, when are
these former rebels to be admitted to a share
in the Government? That will depend much
upon their loyalty and the ability they mani-
fest to take loyal part in the Government.
Thirty years the rebellion was hatching. Have
all its teachings gone in nine months? Four
years it fought with a desperation worthy of a
better cause. Are its resentments, its pride
forgotten? The same ministers that preached
treason, the same presses that proclaimed it,
now lead the people and control their opinions.
It must be remembered that these people are
now on their good behavior. Everything that is
printed, said, or done is with reference to their
getting back into the Government as soon as
possible, and so the cloven foot is hidden as
much as possible.
But truth will assert itse'lf in spite of all these
precautious ; facts crop out proving beyond all
doubt their continued disloyalty.
Shouts are given for Lee in the loyal Legis-
lature of Virginia. A former member of the
rebel congress, once a Speaker of this House,
whose lips are steeped in violated constitu-
tional oaths, is elected Governor of South Car-
olina. Loyal Alabama has a rebel general for
Governor.
"Whipped, but not conquered.''—Jackson (Missis-
sippi) Free Trader.
"The title of rebel is a proud one."—Petersburg
( Yiff/inifi) Daily Neiry.
"The southern people have no-t been guilty of any
crime: they have only failed," says a loading south-
ern divine.
"We have aright to elect our military heroes to
office. Ought we to give up our cherished notions of
policy to swallow a plum ?''—Macon. (Georgia) Jour-
n< if,
" We vote for the late confederate soldiers because
they represent the valor, honor, and intelligence of
the people."—The South Cm oliniuu.
The Richmond Republic thus illustrates the
boutheru idea of loyalty :
"The other day two young men were talking on a
street in a city. They were diving deeply into funda-
mental principles. One of them asked the other what
loyaitywas. Idcashave been so unsettledaboutwhat
it really consists in that an answer did not eomevery
readily to the respondent. After some deliberation
and an anxious, puzzled expression of countenance,
the other's face suddenly brightened up. 'Why/
says he, 'I'll tell you exactly what it is; it is swear-
ing to a lie.' Did or did not this young man, in the
candid impulse of youth, speak the popular senti-
ment, or describe in a few words the sort of loyalty
which is manifested around us?"
See what the Memphis Argus said of Union
men during the rebellion:
"The Daily Memphis Argus of December 2,1861,
contained a paragraph headed ' Ilang 'em,' and com-
mencing—
' "Han:? 'em! yes, hang them every one 1 Every East
Tenncsseean, every Tennesseean iound recreant to
the will and interest of the tfl.ite of Tennessee, and
known to be actively contriving with i: . enemies,
should be hung, and loftily.'''
See what the Memphis Appeal says now:
" The confederacy is gone, and while wo hold in
