3766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
" Mr. HO WE. I hope the Senate will not go
into executive session. Why not take a vote
on the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because other gentle-
men want to speabupon it, and it is late, and
it is hot, and we have worked hard enough and
long enough to-day.
Mr. HOWE. It is no hotter in the open
Senate Chamber than it will be in the Cham-
ber after the doors shall have been closed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume there will
not be much business to be attended to in
executive session.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Only a minute for
a matter I want attended to.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know any Senator
who wants to speak on the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 1; and, after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 12,186*6.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the .Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
Mr. DAWES. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
ollder or business.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the consent of the
House to allow us to take up and finish the
amendments of the Senate to the legislative
appropriation bill, so that we may conclude
our action upon them and have a committee
of conference appointed before we proceed to
any other business. It will take but a few
minutes, and it is very important.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would say that I sup-
pose that by the rules the question .that was
raised by me last night in regard to the print-
ing of the minority report of the joint commit-
tee on reconstruction has precedence of every
other business. It will take but a few moments
to dispose of it, and then I will have no objec-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. _ I will ask the House to
agree to this proposition: that the recommenda-
tions of the Committee on Appropriations be
concurred in, and that a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
be asked for.
Mr. LB BLOND. I have no objection to
that.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
recommendations of the Committee on Appro-
priations in regard to the amendments of the
Senate to the legislative appropriation bill were
agreed to and a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses was
directed to be asked for.
psixtikg of reports.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the unfinished business pending at the ad-
journment of yesterday, being the question of
privilege raised by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Bloxd] in regard to the printing of
the views of the minority of the joint commit-
tee on reconstruction, upon which he moved
that a select committee of five be appointed
to examine and report upon the same. The
pending question is upon the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburxe] to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Bloxd] so as to refer the subject to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to make one
suggestion to the House. This question seems
to embrace the action of the Committee on
Printing. Such being the case, it certainly
would not be proper to refer that proposition
to that committee for investigation.
Sir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the matter is susceptible of the full-
est and most complete investigation. And if
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Bloxd] will
withdraw his motion for investigation, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, [Mr.
Laflix,] as soon as he can obtain the facts,
will make an explanation which will undoubt-
edly satisfy him. If he does not make such
explanation, then the gentleman from _ Ohio
[Mr. Le Bloxd] can ask for further actioh.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Bi.oxd] that
the question would again come up for consid-
eration, whatever committee may be designated
to consider it, whenever the committee shall
report upon the subject.
Mr. LE BLOND. All that is very true. But
I simply wish to say this: the volume in ques-
tion "lias already been printed and bound, and
no investigation that can be made by the Com-
mittee on Printing or by a select committee can
changethe character of the volume now. Now,
I do not wish to have a committee raised par-
ticularly with the view to investigate the matter,
which, let it result one way or the other, will
produce no change. These volumes must now
go to the country without the minority report.
And all I wish to say in conclusion is, that who-
ever may have made that omission, made it in
violation of the order of this House. And
therefore they are sending to the country the
majority report accompanied by the testimony,
but without its antidote. And it strikes me,
and I felt that that was the case when I made
the motion I did last night, that it was intended
to go to the country as an electioneering docu-
ment, emanating from that committee, for that
purpose, and that alone. And now they are
sending it to the country without the minority
report, which is a complete vindication of the
position taken by the minority, and a complete
answer to the position taken by the majority.
With these remarks I withdraw my motion for
an investigating committee, for it must fall as
all others do, still-born.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the withdrawal
of the motion. I understand that all these
reports are not yet printed, and perhaps the
action of this House may to some extent rem-
edy the evil and prevent the mischief or wrong
which otherwise will be inflicted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Blond] has the right to withdraw his
motion; but the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] can renew it if he thinks
proper.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I renew the mo-
tion for a select committee of five to inquire
into the matter and report the facts why the
report of the minority was not included.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman with-
draw the motion until I can make a personal
explanation?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
withdraw it for that purpose.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, on the 13th day
of March last the House adopted the following
resolution:
" That twenty-five thousand extra copies of each
of the reports of testimony taken by the joint select
committee on reconstruction, together with the ac-
companying documents, be printed for the use of
the House/'
In accordance with that resolution the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, receiving the
report of the testimony from the clerk of the
committee on reconstruction, proceeded to exe-
cute the order of the House. The testimony
was printed immediately after it was presented ;
and when the committee of fifteen made their
report, as is always customary with all such
reports, it was sent with the testimony to the
bindery immediately upon its being printed.
The House will bear in mind that after the
presentation of the majority report some ten or
twelve days elapsed before the minority made
any rejlWrt td the Htnrsf?r Tile Supcrhitkmflcttt
of Public Printing, acting -under the direc-
tion of the House, printed twenty-five thousand
copies of the report of this committee. There
was no report from the minority of the com-
mittee at the time these were sent to the bind-
ery ; and if there had been 
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman will
permit me a moment, I will ask him whether
this document was printed at the time the mi-
nority report was handed in. Will the gentle-
man say that it was printed at that time ?
- Mr. LAFLIN. I am not able to answer.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I wish to ask the
gentleman another question: whether the mi-
nority did not give notice at the time the ma-
jority report was handed in that they were
preparing a minority report, and would hand if
in to be published with the other, and whether
it was not presented to the House eleven daya
after the majority report came in and the House
received it for the purpose of publication with
the majority report?
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, I do not un-
derstand that, when the House consented to
receive the report from the minority, it con-
sented at that time to the publication of that
minority report. There was nothing said about
that. But the fact is that the minority report
was presented ten or eleven days after the re-
port of the majority. At the time the minority
report was presented a motion was made that
fifty thousand extra copies of. that report be
printed. That motion was referred to our
committee.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct an error right here ? The order of
the House.subsequently was that there should
be so many copies of the majority and minority
reports published together, but without the tes-
timony.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman permit
me to finish? I see no reason why he should
endeavor to anticipate whatT am about to say.
I The Committee on Printing reported a reso-
lution in favor of printing fifty thousand extra
copies of the majority and the minority reports;
and if I remember aright a motion was made
on the other side of the House that these re-
ports should be printed independently of each
other. And now the great complaint is that
they are not printed together, even in the books
in which they were not ordered to be printed
together.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman permit me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. LAFLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. According to my recollection,
Mr. Speaker, the order of this House was ex-
press that the two reports should be printed
together.
Mr. LAFLIN. If the gentlemen would only
allow me to finish my statement, neither my
colleague [Mr. Hale] nor the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] would find the least
necessity for asking me these questions.
Mr. HALE. Thegentleman will excuseme.
He finished his sentence, and, as I supposed,
his statement. I asked leave to interrupthim,
and did so with his permission. I do not per-
ceive that I am guilty of any impropriety.
Mr. LAFLIN. Not at all. But I was going
on to say that when the Committee on Print-
ing reported, they reported in favor of print-
ing fifty thousand extra copies of the majority
andthe minority reports together. The House
amended this so as to print one hundred thou-
sand copies of themajority andminority reports.
That order ofthe House is now being executed ;
and we have here now the report of the joint
committee on reconstruction, the majority and
minority reports bound together, of which there
are now being printed one hundred thousand
copies. Now. this is the explanation of the
matter.
Mr. HALE. I hope my colleague will allow
me 
Mr.WILSON,ofTowa. Letmeaskaquestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only
withdrew the motion to lay upon the table to
hear the explanation of the chairman of the
'CbirtmitteG on Printing.
