366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July IB,
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
circuit court of the United States iu which such
suit or prosecution is pending shall be of opinion
that said case would be removable from the
court of the State to the circuit court underand
by virtue of the sixty-seventh section of this
act. And in all cases which may have been
removed from any eourt of any State under and
by virtue of said fiftieth section of said act of
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
allattachments made, and all bail or other secu-
rity given upon such suit or prosecution, shall
be and continue in full force and effect until final
judgmentand execution, whethersuch suitshall
be prosecuted to final judgment in the circuit
court of the United States, or remanded to the
State court from which it was removed.
Sec. 69. And be it further enacted, That
whenever a writ of error shall be issued for the
revision of any judgment or decree in any crim-
inal proceeding where is drawn in question the
construction of any statute of the United States,
in a court of any State, as is provided in the
twenty-fifth section of an act entitled "An act
to establish the judicial courts of the United
States," passed September twenty-fourth, sev-
enteen hundred and eighty-nine, the defendant,
if charged with an offense bailable by the laws
of such State, shall not be released from cus-
tody until a final judgment upon such writ, or
until a bond, with sufficient sureties, in a rea-
sonable sum, as ordered and approved by the
State court, shall be given; and if the offense
is not so bailable, until a final judgment upon
the writ of error. Writs of error in criminal
cases shall have precedence upon the docket
of the Supreme Court of all cases to which the
Government of the United States is not a party,
excepting only such cases as the eourt, at their
discretion, may decide to be of public impor-
tance.
Sec. 70. And be it further enacted, That
this act shall take effect, where not otherwise
provided, on the first day of August, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, and all provisions of
any former act inconsistent with the provisions
of this act are hereby repealed: Provided,
however, That all the provisions of said acts
shall be in force for collecting all taxes, duties
and licenses properly assessed or liable to be
assessed, or accruing under the provisions of
acts, the right to which has already accrued or
which may hereafter accrue under said acts,
and for maintaining and continuing liens, fiues,
penalties, and forfeitures incurred under and
by virtue thereof, and for carrying out and
completing all proceedings which have been
already commenced, or that may be commenced,
to enforce such fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures, or criminal proceedings under said acts,
and for the punishment of crimes of which any
party shall be or has been found guilty: Arid
provided farther, That whenever the duty im-
posed by any existing law shall cease in con-
sequence of any limitation therein contained
before the respective provisions of this act
shall take effect, the same duty shall be, and
is hereby, continued until such provisions of
this act shall take effect; and where any act is
hereby repealed, no duty imposed thereby shall
be held to cease, inconsequence of such re-
peal, until the respective corresponding pro-
visions of this act shall take effect: And
provided further, That all manufactures and
productions on which a duty was imposed by
either of the acts repealed by this act, which
shall be in the possession of the manufacturer
or producer, or of his agent or agents, on the
day when this act takes effect, the duty im-
posed by any such former act not having been
paid, shall be held and deemed to have been
manufactured or produced after such date;
and whenever by the terms of this act a duty
is imposed upon any articles, goods, wares, or
merchandise, manufactured or produced, upon
which no duty was imposed by either of said
former acts, it shall apply to such as were man-
ufactured or produced, and not removed from
the p'ace of manufacture or production, on
the day when this act takes effect. And the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, is
authorized to make all necessary regulations
and prescribe all necessary forms and proceed-
ings for the collection of such taxes and the
enforcement of such fines and penalties for the
execution of the provisions of this act.
Sec. 71. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue to have this act, and the acts to
which it is amendatory, published in at least
one German newspaper in each of the States
of the Union where such paper may be pub-
lished.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CC.—An Act to cdntinue in force and to
amend "An Act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees," and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act to establish
a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and Refu-
gees, approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, shall continue in force for the
term of two years from and after the passage
of this act.
Sec. 2. Andbe it farther enacted, That the
supervision and care of said bureau shall ex-
tend to all loyal refugees and freedmen, so
far as the same shall be necessary to enable
them as speedily as practicable to become
self-supporting citizens of the United States,
and to aid them in making the freedom con-
ferred by proclamation of the Commander-in-
Chief, by emancipation under the laws of States,
and by constitutional amendment, available to
them and beneficial to the Republic.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
President shall, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, appoint two assistant
commissioners, in addition to those authorized
by the act to which this is an amendment, who
shall give like bonds and receive the same
annual salaries provided in said act, and each
of the assistant commissioners of the bureau
shall have charge of one district containing
such refugees or freedmen, to be assigned him
by the Commissioner with the approval of the
President. And the Commissioner shall, un-
der the direction of the President, and so far
as the same shall be, in his judgment, neces-
sary for the efficient and economical adminis-
tration of the affairs of the bureau, appoint
such agents, clerks, and assistants as may be
required for the proper conduct of the bureau.
Military officers or enlisted men may be de-
tailed for service and assigned to duty under
this act; and the President may, if in his
judgment safe and judicious so to do, detail
from the Army all the officers and agents of
this bureau; but no officer so assigned shall
have increase of pay or allowances. Each
agent or clerk, not heretofore authorized by
law, not being a military officer, shall have an
annual salary of not less than five hundred
dollars, nor more than twelve hundred dollars,
according to the service required of him. And
it shall be the duty of the Commissioner, when
it can be done consistently with public interest,
to appoint, as assistant commissioners, agents,
and clerks, such men as have proved their
loyalty by faithful service in the armies of the
Union during the rebellion. And all persons
appointed to service under this act and the act
to which this is an amendment, shall be so far
deemed in the military service of the United
States as to be under the military jurisdiction,
and entitled to the' military protection of the
Government while in discharge of the duties
of their office.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That offi-
cers of the Veteran Reserve corps or of the
volunteer service, now on duty in the Freed-
men's Bureau as assistant commissioners,
agents, medical officers, or in other capacities,
whose regiments or corps have been or may
hereafter be mustered out of service, may be
retained upon such duty as officers of paid
bureau, with the same compensation as is now
provided by law for their respective grades ;
and the Secretary of War shall have power to
fill vacancies until other officers can be de-
tailed in their places without detriment to the
public service.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
second section of the act to which this is an
amendment shall be deemed to authorize the
Secretary of War to issue such medicitl stores
or other supplies and transportation, and af-
ford such medical or other aid as here may
be needful for the purposes named in said
section: Provided, That no person shall be
deemed "destitute," "suffering," or "depend-
ent upon the Government for support," within
the meaning of this act, who is able to find
employment, and could, by proper industry or
exertion, avoid such destitution, suffering, or
dependence.
Sec. 6. Whereas, by the provisions of an
act approved February sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act for the collec-
tion of direct taxes in insurrectionary districts
within the United States, and for other pur-
poses,' approved June seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two," certain lands in the
parishes of St. Helena and Saint Luke,
South Carolina, were bid in by the United
States at public tax sales, and by the limita-
tion of said act the time of redemption of said
lands has expired; and whereas, in accord-
ance with instructions issued by President
Lincoln on the sixteenth day of September,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to the Uni-
ted States direct tax commissioners for South
Carolina, certain lands bid in by the United
States in the parish of Saint Helena, in said
State, were in part sold bj' the said tax com-
missioners to "heads of families of the Afri-
can race," iu parcels of not more than twenty
acres to each purchaser ; and .whereas, under
said instructions, the said tax commissioners
did also set apart as "school farms" certain
parcels of land in said parish, numbered on
their plats from one to thirty-three, inclusive,
making an aggregate of six thousand acres,
more or less: Therefore, be it further enacted,
That the sales made to "heads of families of
the African race," under the instructions of
President Lincoln to the United States direct
tax commissioners for South Carolina, of date
of September sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, are hereby confirmed and estab-
lished ; and all leases which have been made
to such "heads of families," by said direct
tax commissioners, shall be changed into cer-
tificates of sale in all cases wherein the lease
provides for such substitution; and all the
lands now remaining unsold, which come
within the same designation, being eight thou-
sand acres, more or less, shall be disposed of
according to said instructions.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That all
other lands bid in by the United States at tax
sales, being thirty-eight thousand acres more or
less, and now in the hands of the said tax com-
missioners as the property of the United States,
in the parishes of Saint Helena and Saint Luke,
excepting the " school farms," as specified in
the preceding section, and so much as may be
necessary for military and naval purposes at
Hilton Head, Bay Point, and Land's End, tu d
excepting also the city of Port Royal, on Saiut
Helena Island, and the town of Beaufort, shall
be disposed of in parcels of twenty acres, atone
dollar and fifty cents per acre, to such persons
and to such only as have acquired and are now
occupying lands under and agreeably to the
provisions of General Sherman's special field
order, dated at Savannah, Georgia, January six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five; and
the remainiug lands, if any, shall be disposed
