1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3767
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know of the
gentleman from Ne_w York, if to his knowledge
or belief a single copy of this bound volume
of testimony and the majority report was bound
at the time when this House made the order to
print the minority and majority reports together.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am not able to answer that
question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that is the only
material qu'estion hero.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask whether the
House has ever made an order to have the
majority and minority reports printed in one
volume.
Mr. LAFLIN. At no time.
Mr. HALE. Let the resolution authorizing
the publication of the report or reports be
reported, so that we may know what it is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like lo know
of the gentleman from New York whether this
volume is printed in accordance with the direc-
tion of the Committee on Printing; whether it
is printed as they directed, without the minor-
ity report being included.
Mr. LAFLIN. I say that all matters printed
are printed under the direction of the House,
and not of the Committee 011 Printing. -The
Committee on Printing do not constitute them-
selves agents.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman
would answer my question.
Mr. LAFLIN. They had no direction except
as the House directs.
Mr. GRIDER. I wish to ask a question:
whether there is any order of the House to print
the testimony taken together with the report of
the majority in one book?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved, That twenty-five thousand extra copies
of each of the reports of testimony taken by the joint
select committee on reconstruction, together with the
accompanying documents, be printed without covers
for the use of the House."
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to say this in ref-
erence to that resolution, which in my judg-
ment amounts to nothing more than the order
of the House originally: gentlemen upon this
floor who are old members understand well
when there are majority and minority reports
the House makes an order to print, which car-
ries with it both the majority and minority
reports; that the minority report is just as
essential as the majority report itself in order
to make the whole subject-matter complete;
and when the chairman of the Committee on
Public Printing undertakes to say to this House
and the country 
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. LE BLOND. I cannot yield for a
moment. I say when the chairman of the
Committee on Public Printing undertakes to
declare to this House and the country that that
committee carried out the order of the House
merely, he is saying to this House and the coun-
try what is in violation of every principle gov-
erning the subject of public printing in this or
any other deliberative body. Sir, the remarks
of the chairman of that committee convince
me that this omission of the minority report
was by order of that committee, and he under-
takes to screen himself by giving a construction
to the order of the House that is unwarranted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask whether an
order to print the report carries both the ma-
jority and minority reports. Is there any such
thing as a minority report recognized by the
rules? What is usually called the minority
report is nothing more than the views of the
minority which are allowed to be printed by
courtesy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, m
reply to the point made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] that there is no
such thing in parliamentary law known as a
minority report. The report of the majority
is the report of the committee. But parlia-
mentary bodies always allow the minority to
express their views in what is called the views
of the minority. That is well understood, prob-
ably. by old members of the House.
.Mr. LE BLOND. I think the gentleman
from_ Illinois [Mr, Farnsworth] might read
in vain to find in the rules of the House any-
thing showing that the minority report shall
accompany the majority. But the g'entleman
being a lawyer, knows that custom makes rules
and laws that are just as binding as though
they were written. There is scarcely a day
passes in the transaction of business in this
body, or any other deliberative body, when
you do not find a minority report coming in and
being published with the majority report. It
has become so universal that it is not regarded
as necessary to incorporate it into the rules of
any deliberative body. It has become com-
mon law, and the necessity of such a thing is
too apparent to everybody.
Look at it. Here you have a committee
selected for the purpose of making an exam-
ination and investigation into some particular
subject. The committee go to work and take
testimony, and when they have concluded their
labors they undertake to agree upon some fact
that is established by this testimony. Here
we have a committee of fifteen who have had
under consideration the investigation of a plan
for the reorganization of the States. When
they undertake to come to a conclusion, as
they did in this ease, they find a .portion in
favor of one thing and a portion in favor of
another. Perchance there may be a majority
of only one upon the committee in favor of the
report, and they publish that to the country
for the purpose of communicating information.
But, sir, the House is relieved of any common-
law doctrine relative to the authority to print
the minority report for the reason this House,
under the noticc given to theHonseat the
time the majority report was handed in, that
a minority report would soon be made, which
was done, not only authorized it to be made
but received it and ordered it to be printed,
which should have been done.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
to the gentleman not to trespass any further
upon my courtesy. I merely gave way to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflix] to
make his explanation.
Mr. LE BLOND. I believe I am speaking to
a resolution introduced by the chairman of the
committee, and I do not think I am indebted
to the courtesy of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
withdrew his question of privilege, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
renewed it. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] then took the floor and moved
that it lie on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did have
the floor, but he certainly was not making any
remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was slow of spcech,
and had not got through. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] will indulge me five
minutes I will be done. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
that is cutting it rather fat after having spo-
ken about ten minutes. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. I know the kindly feel-
ing of the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
pressed by other gentlemen around me who
want to get at other business.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I will give way. _
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield for a suggestion 1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. My suggestion is this: that a
charge is made by the minority of this House
of an improper execution of an order of the
House. The charge involves a question of
privilege. Now, I have the most perfect con-
fidence in my colleague, the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Lapi.in,] but I submit to
gentlemen on both sides that tne fact that
such a charge is made by the minority is of
itself sufficient to call imperatively for a proper
investigation. Tt, is a question of that charac-
ter that h" man can afford to disregard it.
Mr. Y/ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
renew my motion to lay the subject ■on the
table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 29, not voting
69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bingham,
"Boutwcll, Bromwell, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Dawes, Defrees, Doming,
Donnelly, Bekley, Eggleston. Eliot, Farnsworth, Far-
auhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding,
[anderson, Iligby, Holmes, Hotehkiss, Demas Hub-
bard, John II. Hubbard, James It. Hubbell.Hulburd,
Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrcncc, Loan, Longyear, Marston,
McClurg. McKee, McRucr, Mercur. Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Orth, Panic, Perham, Plants, Price, William IX. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rico, John H. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Snaldms, Stevens, Van Aemara, Burt Van Ilom,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elilin B. Wa^hburne,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Went-
worth, Williams, James F. Wilson, andWindom—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, ColTroth,
Dawson, EMiidgc, Fmck.Glossbrenner, Gridev, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Harris. Hogan, Johnson, Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, Le Blond. MeCullough, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Phelps, Bitter, Rousseau, Shanjilin. Sitgreaves,
Su-ouse, Taber, Taylor, and Thornton—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegec, Buekland, B-undy, Chanler, Conkling,
Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis. Delano, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Dnmont, Goodyear, Griswold,
Hai', Hayes, Hill, Hooper. Asahel W. Hubbard, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, In-
gersoll, Jones, Ivelley, Ketoham, Laflin, Latham,
Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Mclndoe, Morris, Noell,
Patterson, Pike. Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Rogers, Ross, Sloan, Smith. Starr, Stilwell,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
Trowbridge. Upson, Ward, Welker, Whaley, Stephen
F. Wilson, Woodbiidgc, Winfield, and Wright—69.
So the whole subject was laid upon the table.
Mr. FINCIv. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution provid-
ing for the printing of one hundred thousand
extra copies of the report of the minority of
the committee on reconstruction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 object.
election contest fuller versus dawson.
The House resumed the consideration of the
contested-election case from the State of Penn-
sylvania, Dawson vs. Fuller, upon which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Ms. Lawkcnce]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Iyield
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paike.]
Mr. PAINE. I wish to give notice to the
House that the previous question on this case
will not be called before half past three o'clock
this afternoon, and it may not be called as
early as that. I now move that the considera-
tion of this case be postponed until after the
termination of the morning hour in order to
carry out the agreement I made yesterday with
the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I repeat the notice that the,
previous question on the contested-election
ease will not be called before half past three
o'clock to-day. 1 now insist on the regular
order of business.
foreign telegraphic communication.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for
reports, resuming the call whereat w^s sus-
pended yesterday, with the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ALLEY. T wish to present, with the
approval of Ihe Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, a bill for the better protection
of international communication. It is thought
by many to be necessary after the passage of
the telegraph bill. .
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides that no line of magnetic telegraph
cable or cables from foreign shores shall be
1 landed, maintained, or operated on or over the
| coast or shores of the United States without
i special permission of Congress.
( Mr. ALLEY. I call the previous question
on the bill.
