2808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
provision is made the result will be that when
the restoration shall have been completed which
has been commenced there will be no power to
protect or provide for these freedmen in the
State where they belong, although they now
occupy allotments made to them by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and have occu-
pied them up to the present moment.
Mr. STEVENS. By the provisions of this
bill there is to be no opportunity to test the
question of the legality of the title to these
lands. The section says, "that whenever the
former owners of lands occupied under Gen-
eral Sherman's field order, dated at Savannah,
January lf>, 18G5, shall apply for restoration
of said lands, the Commissioner shall procure
other lands by rent or purchase, not exceeding
forty acres for each occupant," provided they
can be bought for twenty-five dollars an acre.
Therefore the moment these former owners
apply the lands are to be restored, without ever
testing the question of right, and drive off the
six thousand freedmen who are on them, and
we are to buy other lands for them at twenty-
five dollars an acre.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; the gentleman has
not carefully examined this section, or he would
have found that it is not open to that criticism.
If the lands, as the gentleman believes, belong
to the United States and should be allotted to
the men who are there upon those lands, these
men would have a perfect right to test the title.
No power can prevent them from contesting,
if they desire to do so, the right of any claim-
ant who should present himself in opposition
to them. All that this section provides is that
before the restoration shall be made the allot-
ment of these lands shall be substituted.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman mean
to say that if this bill shall become a law it will
not require imperatively the surrender of those
lands?
Mr. ELIOT. Why, sir, nothing can be done
here that will come between the men who are
upon those lands and their rights. The gen-
tleman says that the bill contains no provision
for testing the law. I say that no power of this
Congress can prevent those men from testing
the law.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] has expired.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] is recognized as entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to suggest that those
are lands belonging to the United States, and
if the United States orders them to be surren-
dered, they must be surrendered, and there is
no court that can prevent it. But if you allow
the law to stand as it now is without any such
provision as this bill proposes, and if that is
land forfeited to the United States, as I con-
tend, there is no individual, however high in
power, who can divest the United States of
that land, and restore it to the former rebel
owners. But Congress, being sovereign, has
the right to give away the lands of the United
States ; and as the freedmen hold those lands
only by the permission of the United States,
they hold subject to the provisions of United
States law.
Mr. Speaker, I will now move the amend-
ment to which I have referred.
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit is
pending, and prevents any amendment from
being offered, unless the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] withdraws it.
_Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman had better
give us an opportunity to test this question. I
want to vote for this bill: but I never can vote
for it with the sixth section in its present form.
Mr. ELIOT. I will withdraw the motion to
recommit, and give the gentleman an oppor-
tunity to offer his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move tb amend by strik-
ing out all after the word "Commissioner" in
the fifth line of the sixth section,- and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words " shall refuse to
surrender the land;" so that the section will
read:
That whenever the former owners of lands occu-
pied under General Sherman's field order, dated at
Savannah, January 16,1865, shall apply for restora-
tion of said lands, the Commissioner shall refuse to
surrender said land.
This will leave the question of law that may
arise to be decidcd by the courts.
Mr. Speaker, I am not going to delay the
passage of this bill by any extended remarks.
The gentleman from Massachusetts asks me to
call the previous question, and I will do so in
a few moments. I wish to say that by the act
of 1862 this Congress ordered that the lands,
not of rebels—for under the fourth section that
applied only where they were convicted—but
of belligerents, serving in the army of the bel-
ligerent government, should be seized and for-
feited for the benefit of the United States, the
title to be vested in the United States, and the
proceeds of the land when sold to be paid into
the Treasury. By our Freedmen's Bureau law,
the abandoned lands were ordered to be seized
and allotted among the freedmen. This has
been done. The order of General Sherman,
under the sanction of the Secretary of War,
indeed by his orders, allotted the lands thus
seized to six thousand freedmen, who have built
homes upon them, of forty acres each, running
to the water. They have built upon those lands
comfortable dwellings, and they remain there
at the present time. It is now sought to allow
the rebels whose lands we thus seized to come
back and expel the men to whom the Govern-
ment allotted these freeholds, as it was bound
to do in honesty and in law. Those freedmen
are to be turned out. It does not do to say that
the Government shall expend twenty-five dol-
lars an acre for land for the purpose of placing
these freedmen somewhere else, where they
have no homes and no plantations to work. I
say that would be cruel and unjust. As I prom-
ised my friend to call the previous question, I
now do so.
Mr. DAVIS and others addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield?' If so, to whom?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield. I have no
power to do so.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 24, noes 43 ; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. Eliot and Tay-
lor.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whetherif the previous question be voted down
the bill will be open to amendment.
The SPEAKER. An amendment to an
amendment is pending. An amendment can
be offered to that amendment; or when that
amendment is disposed of, another can be
offered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 44, noes 54.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DAVIS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the pending amendment, in order that
I may have an opportunity to move one my-
self.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 46 ; not vot-
ing 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell,
Blaine, Brandegee, Bromwell, Buekland, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Defrees, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Famsvvorth,
Farqtuhar, Abner C. Harding', Henderson, Higby,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian. Kelley, Kelso, Laflin,
William Lawrence. Loan. Longyear, Marston, Mc-
Clurg, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, O'Neill, Paine,
Patterson, Plants, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John
H. Iliee, Sawyer, Sehenek, Seofield, Shellabarprer,
Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Welker,
Whaley, Williams, Stephen I?. Wilson, Windom, and
Wood bridge—79. i
NAYS—Messrs. Aucona, Delos R. Ashley, Bergen,
Boyor, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dodge, El-
dridge, Eliot, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Hale,
Aaron Ilarding, Hogan, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Hulburd,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, Geoige V. Lawrence, Le
Blond, Marshall, Marvin, McCullough, Mclluer,
Niblack. Nicholson, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Hitter, Rogers, Ross, Roasseau, Sitgreaves, Stilwell,
Strouse, Taylor, Trimble Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, and Winfield—46.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Broomall,
Chanler, Coffroth, Culver, Delano. Denison, Ferry,
Finck, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hart,
Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Latham, Lynch, Mclndoe, McKce,
Mereur, Miller, Morris, Moalton, Newell, Noell,
Orth, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Rollins, Shanklin, Smith, Starr,
laber, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne,
Wentworth, James F. Wilson, and Wright—58.
So the amendment was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. CULLOM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Orth, was absent on account of illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsided the vote
by which the amendment was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
equalization op bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] yields to me. I ask this
courtesy bccause it is in relation to a matter in
which the House take a deep interest. The
Committee on Military Affairs have earcfully
revised the bill to equalize bounties of soldiers
and sailors, and have directed me to report it
back to be printed as revised, and recommitted
to the committee, in order that to-morrow,
after the morning hour, I may again report it
back and call for the action of the House.
It was ordered accordingly.
fbkedmen's bureau again.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
Add at the end of section two as follows:
And the powers conferred and the duties enjoined
by the act hereby amended shall be applicable to all
persons named or referred to in this section, and all
acts or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act ore hereby repealed.
And strike out the remaining sections of the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I submit that amendment with
no design of embarrassing the condition of the
freedmen in this country. T do it because I
believe it will meet all the requirements neces-
sary and at the same time prevent much trouble
in the future. The chairman of the committee
who introduced the bill told us the main rea-
son why it was proposed was, that the freed-
men, under the proclamation of the President
and by military operations, were technically
under the provision of existing law, but that
because of the action of State legislation and
the adoption of the constitutional amendment
hundreds of thousands besides require some
protection, which this measure is designed to
promote. The gentleman also informed us that
it was necessary to extend the time for the
operation of this bill. Now, the amendment
which I have sent to the desk, leaving the
pi'ovision as to the extension of the time un-
changed, brings under the operation of the
present bill every person who is made free
either by State action or by the adoption of
the constitutional amendment, and the only
inquiry, therefore, which remains is, whether,
under the existing law, there is not an adequate
protection furnished to all who are brought
within the operation of the law.
Nov/, sir, the administration of this bureau
from the time of the passage of the original
act to the present has been under the super-
vision of the War Department. All the forces
which have been required by the head of the
bureau have been given by the Government of
the United States ; and I believe General How-
ard makes no complaint whatever that any aid
has been withheld from him by this Govern-
ment. Under that bill we had authority to
give to every freedman possession for a term
