3768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. HALE. Allow me to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot yield for amend-
ments.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to point out what I think is a very serious
defeet in the bill.
Mr. ALLEY. I have shown the bill to a
great many gentlemeir, who saw no objection
to it. It seems to me that it is very plain. I
believe it is almost precisely the amendment
proposed yesterday by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburxf,,] and I think the
gentleman from New York can have no objec-
tion to it. But if there is really any objection
to the bill I shall not press it at this time, but
shall move that it be recommitted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] a ques-
tion. I understood him to state that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads had
agreed to this bill. I desire-to inquire of him
when the committee had this bill before them.
This is the first time I ever heard of it.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I stated to the House, as they will re-
member, that it received the approval of the
committee. I 'presented it this morning to
every member of the committee, I believe, but
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jora-
soy,] who was not in the House at the time,
and they all approved it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it was not consid-
ered by the committee at all as a committee.
Mr. ALLEY. I insist upon my motion to
recommit, and upon that motion I call the
previous question.
Mr. HALE. I really wish the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] would allow
somebody to point out the defects in this bill.
But if the House is of opinion that it ought not
to be done 
Mr. ALLEY. I have offered this bill because
I believed there could be no possible objection
to it. But there are persons in this House, I
know, who want to delay the business.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
I inquire by what authority this bill comes'
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late now to raise a point of order in regard to
the reception of the bill, though it probably
would have been a good point if it had been
made in time.
Mr. HALE. My point of order is this: this
bill was introduced without any one having an
opportunity to object to it, supposing it came
regularly from the committee. I now under-
stand that no such bill has ever been referred
to or considered by the committee as a com-
mittee, and therefore it comes here irregu-
larly.
The SPEAKER. The question of reception
can be raised only when the measure is offered;
but after the House has considered a measure
it is too late to raise the question.
Mi. HALE. If I had not supposed that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
had been authorized to report the bill, I should
have objected to its reception.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If my recollection
is correct, when the bill was presented by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] it
was stated either by the Chair or by the Clerk
—probably by the Chair——
Tli# SPEAKER. By the Chair, in the usual
form.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was stated by the
Chairthat "the gentleman from Massachusetts,
from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, reported the following bill." I
supposei that it was a report from the com-
mittee ; so did gentlemen who sit around me.
And I think it was so understood by the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. It was. But if the point
of order can be made now it can be made after
two or three hours' discussion.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call further attention
to the point of order'; and that is, that the ob-
jection was made at the first moment that the
fact was disclosed to the House that the repefft
was irregularly made.
The SPEAKER. That maybe. But if the
debate on this bill had been continued for two
days before that fact was disclosed, it is evi-
dent that the objection would be too late. The
question upon the reception can be raised only
when the measure is introduced, and it is gen-
erally made by some member of the committee
who dissents from it, and who discloses the fact
that the committee had not formally author-
ized the report.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order upon this state of facts; the Speaker
will correct me if I am wrong. I understand
that this morning the floor was yielded by the
member of the Committee of Elections [Mr.
Paixe] to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Alley,] the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to continue
making reports from his committee. A bill was
introduced purporting to come from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads; it
was announced from the Clerk's desk,.and read
by the Clerk as a report from that committee.
In the eourse of its consideration the lact was
disclosed that the bill was not from the com-
mittee, but was an outsi'de report. Now, the
point I make is that if the question of recep-
tion is raised as soon as the fact is disclosed
that is soon enough to raise the question. And
if it were two days or two weeks after it was
presented that the fact is disclosed that the
House has been misled into believing that it
was acting upon the report of a committee,
when such was not the fact, it is then time
enough to make objection to it. That which
purported to be a report has been made; it
has not been acted upon in any way. Before
it has been acted on this disclosure is made,
and the House comes into the possession of
the knowledge that it is not a report from the
committee. Then the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] makes his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon the ground that the uni-
form usage of the House has been different.
When a report is presented, and it is disputed
whether the report has been authorized to be
made, the question can be raised whether the
House will receive and consider the report. In
this case the report has been received and con-
sidered. The point of order, therefore, is too
late.
Mr. SCHENCK. How can the House know,
at the moment of the presentation of a report,
whether the committee have authorized the
presentation of that report?
The SPEAKER. It is true that the House
may not know; but the point cannot be raised
after the report has been received and debate
upon it continued at some length. The Chair
•will state an illustration which is in point. The
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
[Mr. Schenck] might report an Army bill, and
after the House had been engaged for a week
or two in the consideration of the bill, the point
might be raised that the bill had never been
formally agreed upon in the committee-room.
It would certainly be too late then to entertain
the question,'' Will the House receive and con-
sider this report?" for it would already have
been received and considered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, there ought to
be a remedy somewhere.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. How can a motion.,be made to recom-
mit this bill when it has never been committed ?
The SPEAKER. Because it has been treated
by the House as having been reported by the
committee, the report having been made by the
chairman.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to inquire why this is not a re-
port from the committee. Is it necessary that
the committee should have gone into their com-
mittee-room and acted? The chairman of the
committee has stated that he had the consent
of every member of the committee save one to
the reporting of the bill, that consent being ob-
of cases in which reports of this kind have been
made and received, the committee having had
a consultation, but not in the committee-room.
Some gentlemen near me say that this subject
was never referred to that committee, either by
petition or bill. 1 answer that the subject-
this very telegraph bill has been referred by the
House to the committee.
TheSPEAKER. Both the usage andtherule
of the House are against the point as suggested
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
The report of a committee, to be legal in the
parliamentary sense, must be the result of the
action of the committee in session, upon the
call of the chairman or two members. On page
54 of Barclay's Digest itis stated that " a com-
mittee meet when and where they please if the
House has not ordered time and place for them;
but thejT can only act when together-, and not
by separate consultation and consent, nothing
being the report of a committee but what has
been agreed to in committee actually assem-
bled."
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the Cfiair
whether he does not recollect 
Mr. ALLEY. To obviate all difficulty, I
move that this whole subject be laid on the
table.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I believe
that I am entitled to the floor. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] is upon the floor on a question
of order. If he has not concluded the presen-
tation of his point, he will proceed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to remind the
Speaker that last winter a bill reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs being re-
jected in this House, the members of the com-
mittee consulted upon this floor and agreed
upon a substitute, which, in less than five min-
utes, the chairman reported from that commit-
tee. Objection was made by other members
of the committee; and answer was made that
the consultation had been had here; and the
bill was reported by the chairman as from the
committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to correct the
statement of my colleague, [Mr. Garfield.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first re-
spond to the point of order which has been
presented. Very often the chairman of a com-
mittee states, when the question is raised, that
he has been authorized by the action of the
committee to report a substitute or an amended
bill; he takes upon himself the responsibility
of declaring that he has the authority of the
committee. In such a case, of course, the Chair
accepts the statement and entertains the report.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to add a word with
reference to the facts in the case to which my
colleague has referred. In that case no ques-
tion was made as to where the committee had
assembled. The members of the committee did,
in fact, get together and agree upon a report,
although they did not assemble in their com-
mittee-room. The point made in that case was
that the committee could not have met, be-
cause the report had been agreed upon during
the session of the House; and that was an-
swered by showing from the record that the
Committee on Military Affairs had authority
to meet during the sessions of the House,
whieh the Chair considered as a sufficient an-
swer to the objection.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Alley] moves that the whole
subject be laid on the table.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, in order that 
Mr. ALLEY. I insist on the motion.
The questjon being taken, there were—ayes
35, noes 39; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Alley, and Mr.
Washbukne of Illinois.
Mr. ALLEY withdrew the motion to lay
upon the table.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois.. This is to
supply an omission in the bill hurried through
yesterday, to which I called the gentleman's
attention without effect. I well knew if he un-
