1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Tadmor and Palmyra, with shaft and capi-
tal and architrave alike shattered by the mighty
convulsion that has laid them all in ruins.
Where is the hand that is to lift these columns
to their place? Who is it that shall reunite the
dissevered fragments, and wreathe the ivy over
the towers that have been rent from turret to
foundation? What are to be the process and
the conditions on whichthese great criminals,
who, "like the base Judean," have wantonly
flung away "a pearl richer than all their tribe,"
are to be readmitted into the enjoyment of the
privileges they have rejected and despised, and
received again into the fellowship of the men
they hated, and the confidence and honors of
the Government they have only failed to de-
stroy because it has proved too strong even for
a degree of treachcry that has no parallel in
history? How far are these baffled parricides
to be trusted again, now that they are van-
quished, and without power of resistance, after
such an experience, after so bloody a lesson
as they have taught us, and what are the guards
that will be required to prevent a recurrence of
any of the evils from which we have just es-
caped ? All these are problems which, however
simple they may have been considered in some
quarters, might well embarrass the profoundest
of our statesmen, and which all the collective
■wisdom of the nation will not be more than
sufficient to solve. The war itself, stupendous
as it has proved, was nothing in the compari-
son. There never was a reasonable doubt as to
the suppression of the rebellion, provided the
loyal States should prove true to themselves.
It was a purely arithmetical problem, of which
the elements were within the reach of every-
body. If all the slave States had been united,
eighteen millions of northern freemen, with the
credit and resources and prestige of this great
Government on their side, and man for man
the peers of their enemy, were sure to subdue
less than one half their number, with four mil-
lions of a disaffected population in their midst,
as soon as they were allowed to strike at the
heart of the rebellion, and it came to be under-
stood that it was to be a war a, I'outrance. The
only real danger was in the prospective and
inevitable process of reconstruction. It was a
question only whether there would be wisdom
enough in the councils of the nation to profit
by the heroism of our soldiers in the field, or
folly enough to throw away the fruits of the
many sacrifices that this long and bloody war
had cost us, by ignoring our past experience,
and rushing with headlong precipitation and
immature resolve into measures of restoration,
resting on no system or principle, and reserv-
ing no guarantees for the future. We have just
reached that point. The rebellion, so far, at
all events, as armed resistance is concerned, is
over. We still tread, however, on the ashes of
an unextinguished volcano—"supposito cinere
doloso." "An earthquake's spoils are sepul-
chered below." The ground still heaves and
trembles; the fiery flood still surges and pulsates
beneath our feet; and already, almost before
the thunders of our artillery have rolled into
the distance, and while the smoke of battle is
still upon the plain—without a moment's pause
to survey the wide field of ruin, and reach for-
ward, if possible, with telescopic vision into all
the bearings and all the remotest possible con-
sequences of the act which we are called upon
to do, a childish impatience is urging us upon
a path where angels might fear to tread, and
expecting us to crowd the structure of an em-
pire—the ordinary work of centuries—intcuthe
deliberations of an hour.
Upon considerations such as these I would
have preferred to wait until the two Houses,
acting in their legislative capacities, and in the
spirit of statesmen who are charged with the
interests of half a continent, had matured some
plan which would secure uniformity in our pro-
ceedings here, while it furnished to the whole
country—to the loyal people of the returning
States as well as to ourselves—all the safeguards
which the circumstances of the case required.
My judgment is that you .canproceed lawfully
in no other way. If restoration is the object;
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—IsTo. 50.
if these State governments have been destroyed
and must be organized anew; if the people of
these States must be enabled to restore them
to their old relations and put them in a way to
entitle them to claim the benefits of the consti-
tutional guarantee through the agency of the
Federal authorities; if they nmstbe readmitted;
if the guarantee is to be fulfilled—all which
things are conceded by the proclamations—then
it is as clear as sunlight that nothing short of
an act of Congress, a law in all its constitutional
forms, can accomplish this work. But I am in
no hurry even as to this. Festina lento is the
motto for a statesman. States are of slow growth.
A century is but a day in the life of a nation.
A great poet has said—
"A thousand years scarce serve to form a State;
An hour may lay it in the dust."
To heal the wounds inflicted by a four years'
civil war is not the work of a day. If we would
do it well we must imitate the processes of
nature, beginning at the bottom and working
slowly to the surface. Sound statesmanship
would declare in favor of this course in any case.
It would tolerate no other where there is so little
excuse for precipitancy, where there is no real
pressure except that which is invited by our-
selves, and where a mistake once made, how-
ever disastrous in its effects, would be absolutely
irremediable. That privilege is, however, denied
to us. Though we had declined to court this
issue by going out to meet it, it has come to seek
us here, and if we have not been allowed to pro-
vide by law, in advance of the occasion, a rule
which shall govern all cases, we must at least
meet it in the more questionable shape in which
it presents itself, though under disadvantages
not unlike those we had to encounter with the
same parties at the beginning of the war.
The present Executive of the nation, acting
upon the prevalent idea that it is the duty of
the Government to take the initiative step in
the process of restoration, instead of awaiting^
any spontaneous action or the expression of
any desire on the part of the people of the rebel
States to return to their original relations in
the Union—which could be only properly con-
veyed by an appeal to Congress—has, in the
recess of this body, and on the cessation of act-
ive hostilities in these States, concluded it to be
his duty to direct their organization, along with
the process by which it is to be effected, in order
to entitle thum to the benefit of the constitu-
tional guarantee, and has accordingly indicated
his plan in a scries of proclamations, which are
all of the like tenor, though differing in some
respects from the plan of his predecessor. The
presumption was that they would in all in-
stances conform to the law that he had pre-
scribed for them. Having so complied, they
would naturally expect that their immediate
lawgiver, although then understood to admit
the ultimate decision to rest with Congress
alone, would recommend their admission, and
enforce that recommendation with all the influ-
ence that lie could lawfully exert. It becomes
important, therefore, to look into,that process,
and ascertain whether it was consistent with
the spirit of our institutions; whether it rested
on any correct view of the relations with which
it had to deal; and how far it was calculated to
secure the object for which it was professedly
contrived.
These proclamations all recite and rest upon
the constitutional obligation to guaranty to all
these States a republican form of government.
They do not declare the war to be at an end,
but the contrary. They speak in the name
and by the authority of the Commander-in-
Chief, as well as the supremo civil executive
magistrate of the United States. They assert
that the rebellionhas "initsrevolutionaryprog-
ress deprived the people of these States of all
civil government whatever," and for the pur-
pose of enabling the loyal people thereof to
organize State governments, by virtue as well
of the' military as of the civil power vested in
the Executive, commission sundry individuals
as provisional governors for the occasion, with
power to prescribe rules for the assemblage at
the earliest practicable period of conventions
of delegates, to be chosen by that part of the
people which is loyal, for the purpose of alter-
ing and amending the constitutions thereof and
with authority, moreover, to exercise all .the
power necessary to enable such loyal people to
restore said States to their constitutional rela-
tions with the Federal Government, and to pre-
sent such forms of government as will" entitle
them to the guarantee of the United States, and
their people therefore to protection against in-
vasion, insurrection, and domestic violence—
with the proviso, however, that no person shall
vote, or be eligible as a member, without having
previously taken an oath to support the Consti-
tution and Union of the United States, and all
the laws and proclamations made during the
rebellion with reference to the emancipation of
slaves, and without having been duly qualified
as an elector by the constitutions and laws of
these States in force before the adoption of the
so-called ordinances of secession. And they
further enjoin upon the military commanders of
the particular departments, and all officers or
persons in the military and naval service, th^
duty of aiding and assisting the said provisional
governors in carrying these proclamations into
effect.
A careful analysis of these instrumepts will
be found to result in the development of the
following leading propositions:
1. They admit the continuing existence of
a state of war, and profess to rest on the two-
fold authority of the President as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States, as well as supreme ciyil executive magis-
trate of the Union.
2. They declare the people of these States to
have been deprived by their own acts of all
civil government whatever.
3. They confess the necessity of a new or-
ganization for the purpose of restoring their
constitutional relations with the Federal Gov-
ernment, and presenting such form of govern-
ment as will entitle them to the benefit of its
guarantees, and therein admit that they are not
so entitled in their present condition.
4. They concede that the new organization
must receive its impulse and direction from
without, and be assisted by the cooperative
action of the Federal authorities.
5. Confessing, however, that these States are
not now entitled to the benefit of the constitu-
tional guarantee, they assert, in effect, that under
it the Federal Government is bound to place^
them in a position which will enable them to
claim it, and assume that the fulfillment of that
guarantee is a purely executive function, to be
performed in such a way as the judgment of
the President may determine.
6. They direct, accordingly, the assemblage
of conventions at the earliest practicable day,
and define and ascertain the qualifications of
the voters.
7. In fixing these qualifications they adopt a
standard that is entirely new, by limiting the
franchise, not to the white men generally, but
to such only of the people who were invested
with that prerogative under the government
that is admitted to have been destroyed as are
loyal, and will swear to support, not the Con-
stitution only, but all laws and proclamations
during the rebellion having reference to the
emancipation of slaves.
8. Admitting, moreover, that these States
are without any civil government whatever, and
that they must necessarily organize anew, they
insist that it shall be done upon the partial rec-
ognition of a government that has been de-
stroyed, by a process, not of organization at
all, but of amendment and alteration only, that
shall work simply on that part of the defunct
corpus which was left untouched by the ordi-
nances of Recession, and whose continued ex-
istence would involve a denial of the right of
Federal interference, and is in direct contradic-
tion of the premises on which these proclama-
tions rest.
9. They look, moreover, to the employment
of the military arm in the execution and en-
forcement of the scheme of restoration which
they involve.
