8770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. ALLEY. I did not mean to intimate
to the House that the gentleman from Ohio,
my colleague on the committee, did approve
of these amendments. Bat they stand upon
the same ground as the bill, and if the House
should decide that the bill itself should pass,
then there is no reason in the world for the
exclusion of these bridges provided for in the
amendments.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to make a motion, and in support of that mo-
tion I desire to say a word or- two.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot yield now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
demand for the previous question on the sec-
ond amendment reported from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to move to recommit the bill to the committee
with a view of having a report.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the demand for the previous
question. —
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
hope the House will not sustain the previous
question, so that I can make my motion, and
on it I desire to say a single word.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot yield for any such
purpose.
Sir. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. You will
certainly hear me.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman must allow
the bill to be perfected.
MA RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I want
the committee to perfect the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts must either insist on the demand for
the previous question or withdraw it.
Mr. ALLEY. I insist upon it.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes 57, noes 36.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
being put, the second amendment was agreed,to.
The third amendment reported by the com-
mittee was read, as follows:
Add the*following as an additional section:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the right to
alter or amend this so as to prevent or remove all
material obstructions to the navigation of said river
by the construction of bridges is hereby expressly
reserved. '
Mr. ALLEY. I yield now to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wn.sox.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the amendment by adding to it the following:
And be it further enacted, That the Keokuk and
Hamilton Mississippi Bridge Company be, and is
hereby, authorized to construct and maintain a bridge
over the Mississippi river between Keokuk, Iowa, and
Hamilton, Illinois, of the same character, descrip-
tion, and construction as provided in this act for the
bridges at Quincy and Burlington, andthesaid bridge,
in its use and operation, shall be subject to the same
restrictions that apply to said bridges at Quincy and
Burlington by the terms of this act.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to say
that this is qne of the most important railroad
crossings on the river; and if._any bridge
should be made, it should be this one. I ask
the previous question on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask if this amendment to the amendment is
recommended by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ALLEY. , It has not received the formal
approbation of the committee, but I believe the
majority of the committee, considering that it
involved the same principle as the other amend-
ment, made no objection to it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the amendment to the amend-
ment was agref.d to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the-table.
The latter motion was agreed t'o.
The question recurred upon the amendment
as amended.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to further amend
theamendmentbyadding thereto the following:
And that the WinonaandSt. Peter's RailroadCom-
pany, a corporation existing under the laws of the
State of Minnesota, is hereby authorized to construct
and operate a railroad bridge across tho Mississippi
river between tho city of Winona, in the State of
Minnesota, to the opposite bank of said river, in the
State of Wisconsin, with the consent of the Legisla-
tures of tho States of Minnesota and Wisconsin; and
said bridge by this section authorized is hereby
declared a post route, and subject to allelic terms,
restrictions, and requirements contained in the fore-
going sections of this act.
This amendment stands in precisely the same
relation to the bill as the one just now passed,
offered by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son.] I believe a majority of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads'are in favor
of it, though I was requested to offer it. I
now call the previous question on the adoption
of the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GOBB. I have abundant reason to
oppose this amendment to the amendment,
and I hope the House will not sustain the call
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] to
withdraw for a moment his call for the pre-
vious question. This subject involves a matter
of two bridges which were discussed for per-
haps a whole day in the Senate. It is cer-
tainly a question which this House ought to
understand before they vote upon it; and I
trust the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Win-
dom] will not press his demand for the previous
question until the House can understand pre-
cisely what it is that they are asked to pass
upon. It is a matter in which the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] and one half of
the people of Wisconsin are deeply interested.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman is right; I am
very much interested in having it adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. I insist upon the call for the
previous question.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 52, noes 39; no quorum
voting.
Mr. COBB. I ask for tellers upon seconding
the. call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Windom, and
Mr. Washbukne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 85.
So the .previous question was seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
I ask for the yeas arid nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken ; and .upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 62, noes 31.
So the main question was ordered, which
was upon the amendment of Mr. Windom to
the amendment.
Mr.. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 34, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baker, Banks, Bax-
ter, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Bromwell, Bundy,
Sidney Clarke, Coffrot.h, Conkling, Cook, Darling,
Defrees, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Farqu-
har, t'errv, Garfield, Giossbrenner, Grider, Grinnell,
Hart, Henderson, Iligby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahcl
W. Hubbard, Demas Ilubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbcll, Ingefsoll. Jenckes. Julian, Kas-
son, Kelley, Kelso, Laflin, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Loan, Marston. Marvin, McClurg, McKce,
McRuer, Miller. Morris, Moulton, Myers. Newell,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price,
William H, Randall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Rol-
lins, Rousseau, Sawyer, Scoficld, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Van Aernam, Robert T.
Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wentworth, Wlialey, Windom, and Wood-
bridge'—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Anderson, Ben-
jamin, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Deming, Eggleston, Eliot, Finck, Hale, Aaron Hard-
ing, Hogan, Kerr. Ketcham, Kuylcendall, George
V. Lawrence, McCuliough, Mcrcur, Is'iblack, Noell,
O'Neill, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Sclicnck, Shanklin,
Spalding, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, and Elihu B.
Washburne—34.
iNOT VOTING—Messrs. Deloe R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Chanler, Cullom, Cul-
ver, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Griswold,
Abncr C. Harding, Harris, Hayes, Hill. Hooper, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Ilulburd, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Latham, Longyear, Lynch,
Marshall, Melndoe, Moorhead, Morrill, Nicholson,
Patterson, Phelps, ltadford, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, Shellabargcr, Sitgreavcs, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Upson, Butt Van Horn, Ward, Warner,
Welker, Williams, JamesF. Wilson, StephenF. Wil-
son, Winfleld, and Wright—68.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has, and the bill goes
over until Saturday morning next.
printing of tax laws.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House twenty-thousand copies of the internal tax'
laws, as they shall stand after incorporating provis-
ions of the act recently passed, so that as far as is
practicable the provisions of the different laws upon
the same matter shall be printed in connection.
post roads.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, reported back Senate bill No. 369, to
establish certain post.roads.
The reading of the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. ALLEY stated that the bill contained
nothing but provisions for post roads.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to retonsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, also reported a bill to
establish certain post roads; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deputy coltector at portland, oregon.
On motion of Mr. HIGBY, the Committee
on Appropriations were discharged from the
further consideration of the matter of increase
of pay of the deputy collector at Portland', Ore-
gon, and the same was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
pax 03? clerks.
On motion of Mr. HIGBY, the Committee
on Appropriations was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a petition in reference to
the pay of clerks, and the same was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
tapping government water-pipes.
Mr. F. THOMAS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill in relation to the unlawful
tapping of the Government water-pipes; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
abelard guthiue.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations be discharged from the
further consideration of the claim of Abelard
Guthrie, and that the same be referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to have the geijj,
tlernan give some reason why it should be so
referred. The Committee of Elections had
