2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and sixty-three be
amended by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
that hereafter no deed, instrument, document, writ-
ing, or paper required by law to be stamped, which
has been signed orissued without beingduly stampeti,
or with a deficient stamp, nor any copy thereof, shall
be recorded, or admitted, or used as evidence in any
court until a legal stamp or stamps, denoting the
amount of duty, shall have been affixed thereto by
the collector, as prescribed bylaw: Provided, That
any power of attorney, conveyance, or document of
any kind, made or purporting to be made in any for-
eign country to be used in the United States, shall
pay the same duty as is required by law on similar
instruments or documents when made or issued in
the United States; and the party by whom the same
is issued, or by whom it is to be used, shall, before
using the same, affix thereon the stamp or stamps
indicating the duty required.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and sixty-fivebe amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that if any
person, firm, company, or corporation shall make,
prepare, and sell, or remove for consumption or sale,
drugs, medicines, preparations, compositions, arti-
cles. or things, including perfumery, cosmetics, luci-
fer or friction matches, cigar lights, or wax tapers,
photographs, ambrotypes, daguerreotypes, or other
sun pictures of any description, and playing cards,
and also including ground or prepared mustards, wet
or dry, preserved meats, fish, shell-fish, fruits, vege-
tables, sauces, sirups, jams, and jellies, when packed
or sealed in cans, bottles, or other single packages,
and ground coffee and ground pepper, Cayenne pep-
per, pimento, cloves, clove stems, mace, cinnamon,
cassia, ginger, and other spices, and all compounds
of mustard, or coffee, or spices, ground or adulter-
ated, or mixed with other materials, and all articles
and mixtures ground or prepared lor sale, intended
for use in the adulteration of mustard, or coffee, or
spices, or for use as a substitute for mustard, or coffee,
or spices, whether of domestic manufacture or im-
ported, upon which a duty is imposed by law, as enu-
merated and mentioned in schedule C, without affix-
ing thereto an adhesive stamp or label denotiug the
duty before mentioned, he or they shall incur a pen-
alty of fifty dollars for every omission to affix such
stamp; and for each and every omission to affix
thereto the name or trade-mark of themanufaeturer,
together with the name of the article, and the quan-
tity therein contained, when such packages consist
of ground coffee, or of ground mustard, wet or dry,
orof ground pepper, Cayenne pepper, pimento, cloves,
clove stems, mace, cinnamon, cassia, ginger, or other
spices, or of compounds, or substitutes for coffee, or
mustard, or spices, he or they shall incur a penalty
of fifty dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the sen-
tence now reading, ;cand also including ground
or prepared mustards, wet or dry," by striking
out the words *' ground or7 and the words k 4 wet
or dry.3'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out the following:
And ground coffee and ground pepper, Cayenne
pepper, pimento, cloves, clove stems, mace, cinnamon,
cassia, ginger, and other spices, and all compounds
of mustard, or coffee, or spices, ground or adulterated,
or mixed with other materials, and all articles and
mixtures ground and prepared for sale, intended for
use in the adulteration of mustard, or coffee, orspiccs,
or for use as a substitute for mustard, or coffee or
spices.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the sen-
tence ilupon which a duty is imposed by law11
by inserting the words a or tax" after the word
" duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the sen-
tence "an adhesive stamp or label denoting
the duty before mentioned" by striking out the
word "duty" and inserting the word "tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strikeout the
following at the end of the paragraph:
And for each ond every omission to affix thereto
the name or trade-mark of the manufacturer, to-
gether with the name of the article and the quantity
therein contained, when such packages consist of
ground coffee, or of ground mustard, wet or dry, or
of ground pepper, Cayenne pepper, pimento, cloves,
clove stems, mace, cinnamon, cassia, ginger, or other
spices, or of compounds, or substitutes for coffee, or
mustard, or spices, he or they shall incur a penalty
of fifty dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out the following words:
Photographs, ambrotypes, daguerreotypes, or other
sun pictures of anydescription.
Mr. Chairman, I move this amendment now,
in order that when we reach the section refer-
ring to stamps on photographs and other sun
pictures I may move to strike that out and in-
sert an amendment imposing on photographers
a tax of five per cent, ad valorem on their sales—
the same amendment which I withdrew at an
earlier stage of the bill, rather than compel the
Committee of the Whole to rise for want of a
quorum. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means stated the other day that the
objection which I made to the present mode of
taxation had no force; but by subsequent in-
quiry and information I find my statement fully
confirmed. I have received letters from the
chief photographers of New York, Philadel-
phia, Boston, and Washington, stating, from
statistics, that there is not one itinerant pho-
tographer to one hundred resident photogra-
phers, though it was stated here the other day
that the itinerants were as fifty to one resident.
But, Mr. Chairman, even if this were the fact,
it would be of no consequence; for all or nearly
all of the pictures taken by itinerant photog-
raphers are ferrotypes, which are taken upon
tin, six at a time frequently, and which sell for
less than ten cents apiece. They are sold in
this city six for fifty cents. Hence most of the
pictures taken by the traveling photographers
are so small as by a subsequent section to be
exempt from tax; so that the Government at
any rate could lose but little tax upon their
business, even if they should not make proper
returns. They are as likely, however, to give
a correct account of their sales, as to affix the
stamps required by the present law, for in many
instances the pictures are mounted on blank
cards and the wrong-doer can never be known.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is among those
engaged in the business of photographing a
general demand that an ad valorem tax shall
be substituted for the present system. Those
who are dishonest evade the law now by will-
fully omitting to affix stamps on their pictures;
while those who are honest frequently omit
them- unintentionally. I bought this morning
hap-hazard five photographs; and I found that
three of them had no stamps affixed. In other
words, on these pictures, the Government lost
six cents out of ten which it should have re-
ceived. Of the pictures having no stamps af-
fixed, one had no imprint of the photographer's
name. With reference, then, to two-of the
pictures, the omission to affix the stamps was
accidental; in one case it was omitted pur-
posely. I think it apparent that the Govern-
ment would be the gainer by the ad valorem,
system. Wherever there is a photographer
carrying on business, the assessor can find
from his books the amount of his sales as well
as in any other business. If no books are kept
by a traveling or other photographer, some
return must be made, and the assessor will no
doubt get at the facts. * It is just to these pho-
tographers that they should no longer be re-
quired to pay upon their business a greater
proportionate amount of tax than is levied upon
other branches of business. They frequently
sell six, seven, or eight pictures for one dol-
lar, and are required to pay twelve, fourteen,
and sixteen per cent, or more on their sales,
a percentage which is much too large when we
bear in mind the fact that nearly all the chem-
icals used in this branch of business have within
the last few years advanced in price two hun-
dred and fifty to three hundred per cent.
I will not repeat, Mr. Chairman, what I said
the other day about the defacement of these
pictures in consequence of the affixing of
stamps. At any rate the stamps upon the
pictures make them very unsightly. It is for
the interest of the photographers and the Gov-
ernment and the public that this requirement
in reference to affixing stamps should be no
longer continued. I trust that my amendment
will bo adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Myers] has succeeded in repeat-
ing his speech much better than I can repeat
mine. 1 do not perceive that he has presented
any new argument. These photographs are a
very fruitful source of revenue ; and I trust
that we shall not change the law in a way to
cut off a large portion of the revenue we now
receive.  
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose it is the under-
standing that we may go back to adopt an
amendment imposing an ad valorem, duty as
proposed by- the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair so under-
stands.
The Clerk read as follows:
Thatsection one hundred and sixty-ninebe amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that any per-
son who shall offer or expose for sale any of the arti-
cles named in schedule C, or in any amendments
thereto, whether the articles so offered or exposed are
imported or are of foreign or domestic manufacture,
shall be deemed the manufacturer thereof, and sub-
ject to all the duties, liabilities, and penalties im-
posed by law in regard to the sale of domestic arti-
cles without the use of the proper stamp or stamps
denoting the tax paid thereon, and all such articles
imported, or of foreign manufacture, shall, in addi-
tion to the import duties imposed on the same, be
subject to the stamp tax, respectively, proscribed in
schedule C, as aforesaid.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That schedule B, preceding section one hundred
and seventy-one, be amended by striking out all the
paragraphs relating to14 gauger's returns" and "meas-
urer's returns;" and by striking out all from "re-
ceipts for the payment of any sum of money," down
to weigher's returns, if for a weight not exceeding
five thousand pounds, ten cents; exceeding five thou-
sand pounds, twenty-five cents," inclusive, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: "receipts for
any sum of money, or for the payment of any debt,
exceeding twenty dollars in amount, not being for
the satisfaction of any mortgage or judgment or
decree of any court, or by indorsement on any stamped
obligation in acknowledgment of its fulfillment, for
each receipt two cents: Provided, That when more
than one signature is affixed to the same paper, one
or more stamps may be affixed thereto representing
the whole amount of the stamp required for such
signatures."
Mr. HOLMES. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following:
That schedule B, preceding section one hundred
and seventy-one, be amended by inserting immedi-
ately preceding the proviso relating to stamps on
mortgages the following:
Upon any assignment or transfer of a mortgage the
same stamp duty upon the amount remaining thereon
as is herein imposed upon a mortgage for the same
amount.
Also, strike out the words " mortgage or" in said
proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to strike out
the following:
Receipts for any sum of money, or for the payment
of any debt exceeding twenty dollars in amount, not
being for the satisfaction of any mortgage or judg-
ment or decree of any court, or by indorsement on
any stamped obligation in acknowledgment of its
fulfillment, for each receipt two.
Mr. Chairman, the object is to relieve all
receipts from stamps. I think the inconven-
ience to the public is greater than-any benefit
to the revenue. I think we might make that
small amendment in this schedule. It is a
great annoyance to business men and to farm-
ers, and to the great mass of men who do
not carry stamps with them. Sometimes they
want to give receipts, and do not have stamps,
and cannot procure them. The revenue is not
so great as to require that the public should
suffer this annoyance.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman does not
accomplish his purpose. I am opposed to his
object as well as to the method he has adopted
of carrying it out. This strikes out the stamps
upon receipts on property and leaves only those
on receipts for money.
I will say to the committee, I see it is almost
useless to resist the reduction of taxes in any
direction. This is also a fruitful source of rev-
enue. Lastyearit exceeded $300,000 a month,
