786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
With all proper respect for the Executive, I
am constrained to say that there are evidences
here, either that these proclamations could not
liave been considered or digested with the care
which so great an occasion wonlcl seem to have
demanded, or that the case might not unprof-
itably have been transferred from the other end
of the avenue to its appropriate forum in the
great council of the nation, assembled here to
deliberate upon its interests, and vested exclu-
sively with the high power of legislating in re-
gard to Us Territories, of admitting new States,
and of fulfilling all constitutional guarantees.
My reffsons for so thinking will, however, be
better understood from the remarks I have to
offer on the several propositions which I have
extracted from them.
It may be safely affirmed, I think, that, the
existence' of a state of war, whether that war be
openly aggressive and demonstrative in its char-
acter, or exhibiting itself only in sullen discon-
tentordisaffection or hatred ol'the Government,
such as to necessitate the presence of a military
force to compel obedience to the national au-
thority or to prevent a seizure of the local
power, is utterly irreconcilable with the idea
of such an organization as the genius of our
institutions and the very texture ot our Govern-
ment would demand. Without the spontaneous
and unrestrained volition of the majority of the
people, I cannot conceive the idea of (he exist-
ence or constitution of a republican State. A
foim of government erected by or for a minor-
ity of the people, and depending upon armies
for its existence or support, would be the merest
mockcry of a republic, and could not be rec-
ognized here consistently with the terms of the
constitutional guarantee. It is a self-evident
proposition that so long as it requires an army
or a Federal legate—whether called by the
name of provisional governor, lieutenant, com-
mandant, proconsul, or pretorian prefect—to
govern it, it is not in a condition to perform
that task itself; andthevery appointment, which
would be otherwise unlawful, is a confession of
it. While the Executive holds the Territory
within his grasp as the Commander-in-Chief of
our armies, he holds it under military law—
which is the only law he can administer—and
.by a power that is absolute ; and it is idle to
talk about the restoration of the civil authority
by the voluntary act of the people themselves,
because he is essentially supreme. The povc or
he wields is above the law, and silences the
law. There can be no two codes, no divided
imperium here. The man who so rules is es-
sentially a dictator ; and it makes no difference
in principle w hetber he prescribes the law for
a good purpose or a bad one. It is impossible
that the people should act freely under such a
domination. It is only when it ceases that they
can truly bo regarded as their own masters.
The jealousy of our lathers has guarded against
the very presence of the military on the elec-
tion ground, even where the civil law reigned,
and the subordination of the military was un-
questioned Where it knows no law, however,
except its own will, and stands by io direct and
execute that will, the acts done, which would
be clearly invalidated thereby in the States, are
its own. 1 fit assembles conventions and names
the voters, ihey arc its creatures. If it elects
Congressmen, they represent it only. If the
product of its imperial rescript is a republic in
form, it is a republic engendered from the de-
composing remains of the dead sovereignty,
under the fierce embrace of the military power—
a republic hatched into life by the spirit of des-
potism brooding over a chaos of ruin. To say
that a monstrous birth like this, tearing its way
through the entrails of the State—a delivery by
the sword—assisted by the matronly ollices of
a provisional governor, and graced by a more
than royal attendance in the high functionaries
of State, ''the military commandant of the de-
partment, and all officers and persons in the
military and naval service,'' v, bo are expre^slv
summoned to be present on the august occasion
is the legitimate ollsprmg ot a free people, or
has any of the features of a republic within the
meaning of the Constitution, is to draw largely
on the imagination. Freedom recoils aghast
at such an apparition, and shrieks out "death!"
Nor will it be sufficient to assert that these
sword-bearers were not actually present in the
body, and that therefore no control was exer-
cised over these provincial councils by their
creator and lawgiver. "We know that when
the fiat went forth publicly to the hesitating
synod of North Carolina that the debt of the
rebellion must be repudiated, every Knee went
(Town in humble submissiqn to the orders of
the Commander-in-Chief. We know, too, from
the very recent message of the rebel general
and Governor of Mississippi. Humphreys, who
was pardoned specially to qualify him for the
place, that it was " under the pressure of Fed-
eral bayonets'' that the people of t.hat State
"have abolished the insi it nt ion of slavery;" and
it is not uneharirablo to infer that the members
of all fhese bodies knew precisely how much
would be expected of them, and were prepared
to do the will of the Executive, even though
it had extended to suffrage for the black man.
Disguise it as we may, these so-called consti-
tutions of government are but articles of ca-
pitulation after the fact; treaties between that
officer, dealing with these questions as an abso-
lute sovereign, and the chiefs of the rebellion ;
termsvdictatedby the President as a conqueror,
I in accordance with his own individualand impc-
; rial will; agreements reluctantly conceded-by
I them, as the condition not only of pardon, bufr
of restoration to power, but almost invariably
! repudiated by their followers in the refusal to
ratify them bv sending men here who were
qualified under the laws of Congress to lake
their places amongst us. That they are so con-
sidered, even by themselves, is shown by the
recent correspondence betwee'n the high con-
tracting powers, represented by our Minister of
Foreign Relations on the one hand and Gov-
ernor Orr of South Carolina on the other, in
which it is declared by the latter that the State
convention, which lie admits to be a revolu-
tionary body, had been dissolved "afterhaving
done all that the President requested to be
done." It is shown, too, more strongly in the
letter of the rebel General Hampton to the
people of South Carolina, declining to be a
candidate for Governor, on the ground that it
might embarrass the Executive in his benevo-
lent. designs in favor of the South. Though not
approving all that was conceded by the con-
vention. he recommends their acquiescence
in what lie treats as the demands of the con-
queror, on the ground of necessity, and for the
special reason thatthe President "had exhibited
i a strongdispositionnotonly to protect the South
I from the radicalism of the North, but to re-
j instate them in their civil and political rights."
I " It may beassnmed.'' he adds, "that when the
j forms of government, are restored, and freedom
\ ofnpccek allowed io its, your late convention will
; be subjected to harsh criticism, and its action
impugned. Should such unhappily be the case,
j remember that you, the people of South Caro-
I linn, accepted the convention as part and parcel
; of the terms of your surrender. The President
! bad no shadow of authority, I admit, under the
|i Constitution of the United States to order a
!i convention in this or any other State; but as a
! conqueror he had the ri^ht to offer, if not to
| dictate, terms. The terms offered by him yon
, have accepted. 1 do not myself fully concur
. in all the measures adopted by the convention,
■ but 1 shall cheerfully acquiesce in the action
; it took to carry out, faithfully the terms agreed
II on. Entertaining those views, I think it our
11 duty to sustain the President of the United
jj States so long as he manifests a disposition to re-
!; store all our rights as a sovereign State. Above
j! all, let us stand by our State. Her record is
|; honorable, her escutcheon untarnished." When
;! a mail like Hampton speaks of •' the radicalism
;j of the North," we know that he intends the
I1 Union party of the free States, who favored the
|' prosecution ofihewar and elected the President
, himself, and the men whom they have sent here
I to declare their will; and it is on the disposition
| of the President to protect them from his own
: friends in (he country and in these Halls—the
feeling that they could make a better bargain
with him, and were safer in his hands than in
those of the people and their Congress, that
without one word in favor of the Union, but
with an earnest invocation to the people to
stand, above all things, by their own honorable
and untarnished State, he urges them to sup-
port, not the Union, but the President, and
liim only "so long as he manifests a disposition
to restore all their rights as a sovereign State,"
including, of course, the transcendent and in-
alienable ri^ht of secession. And the Execu-
tive responds to tlijs presentation of the case by
informing us in his late message that we have
nothing to do with the terms of settlement",
while the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Raymond,] who is supposed to reflect his opin-
ions, is candid enough to put his vindication of
the special requirements of that functionary on
the same grounds, and in language almost iden-
tical with that of the traitor Hampton. It is a
waste of time, however, to labor a point like this.
If the orders of the Commanding General, as
enunciated through the proclamations them-
selves wore in point of fact obeyed, it is suffi-
cient for the purposes of this argument. To
deny his control over the creatures of his own
will, because his subordinates did not stand
over their deliberations with a drawn sword,
would be the merest of subterfuges. As well
might it be said that the Maker of all things,
who launched the circumambient orbs through
the immensity of space, and prescribed the law
of gravitation for their government, was exer-
cising no control, because He was not on sleep-
less watch at the center of the system, and tel-
egraphing his special orders to Neptune and
Uranus by way of keeping them on the track
as they sped their unerring way through the
mazy labyrinth of the stellar worlds.
It will be urged, however, as it has been, that
this was a measure of peace; an instrumental-
ity essential to the tranquillization of those
States; a part of the process for the restoration
of order that must precede the withdrawal of
the national authority, and would enable the
loyal people there to dispense with the further
presence of its armies. The answer is, that if
it was intended to place the reins in the hands
of the loyal minority of white men, while it con-
fesses a condition of things where a republic is
impracticable and an election would be an ab-
surdity, it could insure no peace and no perma-
nent ascendency to that element without con-
tinued protection, because it required a military
power to inaugurate it, just as is now admitted by
Governor Brownlow to bo the case in Tennes-
see ; and if it was intended merely to restore
the disloyal majority who governed before the
rebellion and hurrie'd these States into it, then
it was unnecessary. The idea is, in plain Eng-
lish. if not to make them our masters, at least
to free them from our authority in the first
place, in the hope that it will secure peace and
submission in the future. I cannot consent to
any such arrangement. I do not comprehend
the value of that tranquillity which is only to be
purchased by the abdication of our power,
whether it bo by the withdrawal of our tr8ops,
the restoration to the enemy of the arms that
he was compelled to lay down on the last of his
battle-fields, or the invitation—I should rather
say command—fo him to share our counsels in
the adjustment of the results and the responsi-
bilities of the war. If this be peace, it might
have been secured at any time, with only the
waiver of our right to insist that they shall sit
down on the judgment seat and divide the em-
pire with us. It may be secured now by allow-
ing them to resunietheirpowerand places here
upon the cheap consideration of a temporary
acknowledgment that the negro is no longer an
article of merchandise, beeause all their chances
of success in this rebellion now depend on a
change of weapons and the retransfer of the
theater of war to the arena where it began. I
say in this rebellion, because 1 am not sanguine
enough to consideritatanend. as a very recent
opinion of the Attorney General transmitted by
the President, admits it is not. There are those,
I know, who cannot comprehend a state of war
