3?0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 18,
39th Cong, ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
license, or renewal of either, shall hereafter be
issued to any such vessel until the collector to
whom application is made for the same shall
be satisfied, from the oath of the owner or
master, that all such equipments and repairs,
made within the year immediately preceding
such application, have been duly accounted
for under the provisions of this section, and
the duties accruing thereon after the passage
of this act duly paid; and if such owner or
master shall refuse to take such oath, or take
it falsely, the vessel shall be seized and for-
feited.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That if
any certificate of registry, enrollment, or license,
or other record or document granted in lieu
thereof, to any vessel shall be knowingly and
fraudulently obtained or used for any vessel
not entitled to the benefit thereof, such vessel,
with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall
be liable to forfeiture.
Sec. 2o. And be it further enacted, That on
and after the first day of July next, the several
provisions of the act entitled "An act to regu-
late the collection of duties on imports and ton-
nage, '' approved March two. seventeen hundred
and ninety-nine, relating to manifests shall ap-
ply as well to vessels owned in whole or in part
by foreigners as to vessels of the United States;
and that the Secretary of State send copies of
this section to all consular officers of the United
States in foreign countries.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That no
goods, wares, or merchandise, taken from any
port or place in the United States, on the north-
ern, northeastern, or northwestern frontiers
thereof, to a port or place in another collection
district of the United States on said frontiers,
in any ship or vessel, shall be unladen or deliv-
ered from such ship or vessel within the United
States but in open day, that is to say, between
the rising and the setting of the sun, except by
special ^license from the collector or other prin-
cipal officer of the port for the purpose, nor at
any time without a permit from such collector
or other principal officer for such unlading or
delivery. And the owner or owners of every
vessel whose master or manager shall neglect
to comply with the provisions of this section,
shall forfeit and pay to the United States a sum
not less than one hundred dollars nor more
than five hundred dollars : Provided, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, from time to time, to make such
regulations as to him shall seem necessary and
expedient for unlading at and clearance from
airy port or place on said frontiers of ships or
vessels at night.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to make such rules and regulations,
from time to time, as to him shall seem neces-
sary, relative to the duties of inspectors author-
ized by law, to be placed on board of vessels
destined for one or more ports in the United
States.
Sec. 28._ And be it further enacted, That all
vessels which, under the provisions of the fif-
teenth section of the act entitled "An act in-
creasing temporarily the duties on imports,
and for other purposes," approved July four-
teen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, of the
lourth section of the act entitled " An act to
modify existing laws imposing duties on im-
ports, andforotherpurposes," approved March
thiee, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and
of the fourth section of an act entitled "An act
amendatory ofcertain acts imposing dutiesupon
foreign importations," approved March three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, are exempted
from paying tonnage duties more than once in
a year, shall hereafter pay the same either at
their first clearance from or entry at, according
to priority, a custom-house in the United States
in each calendar year: Provided, That all li-
censed and enrolled and licensed vessels of the
United States shall pay the said duty when
taking out or renewing their respective enroll-
ments or licenses, if the same has not previ-
ously been paid for the calendar year: And
provided further, That nothing in this act shall
be construed to prevent customs officers from
collecting such tonnage duty at the entry of any
vessel at their respective custom-houses during
the calendar year, if the same shall not previ-
ously have been paid for such year: And pro-
vided further, That all vessels which are subject
to enrollment or license shall hereafter be liable
to the payment of the fees established by law
for services of customs officers incident thereto.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he here-
by is, authorized, whenever he shall think it
advantageous to the public service of revenue,
to abolish or suspend the offices of naval offi-
cer, or any other subordinate office, in any
collection district of the United Slates, except
in those enumerated in section nine of the act
of May seven, eighteen hundred and twenty-
two, and the amendment thereto by the act
of April nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, and the port of San Francisco, and to
assign the duties of the office or any other
subordinate office so abolished or suspended
to a deputy collector or inspector of the cus-
toms; and so much of all fines, penalties,
and forfeitures as would otherwise inure to
either of such naval officers shall, after the
discontinuance of their offices respectively, be
paid into the Treasury of the United States,
and there credited to the fund for defraying
the expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs. And the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby further authorized, in all cases in
which, in his opinion, the public interest de-
mands it, to clothe deputy collectors, located
at ports other than the principal port of entry
of their respective districts, with all the pow-
ers of their principals appertaining to their
official acts.
Sf.c. 30. And be it further enacted, That no
officer or clerk whose duty it shall be to make
payments on account of the salary or wages of
any offiefcr or person employed in connection
with the customs or the internal revenue service
shall make any payment to any officer or person
so employed on account of services rendered,
or of salary, unless such officer or person so to
be paid shall have made and subscribed an
oath that, during the period for which he or
she is to receive pay for salary or services ren-
dered, neither he nor she, nor any member of
his or her family, has received, either person-
ally or by the intervention of another party,
any money or compensation of any descrip-
tion whatever, nor any promises for the same,
either directly or indirectly, for services ren-
dered or to be rendered, or acts performed or
to be performed, in connection with the cus-
toms or internal revenue, nor purchased, for
like services or acts, from any importer, (if
affiant is connected with the customs, or man-
ufacturer, if affiant is connected with the inter-
nal revenue service,) consignee, agent, or cus-
tom-house-broker, or other person whomso-
ever, any goods, wares, or merchandise, at less
than regular retail market prices therefor. And
any person who shall willfully and falsely take
and subscribe said oath, and* being duly con-
victed thereof, shall be subjected to the penal-
ties and disabilities by law prescribed for the
punishment of willful and corrupt perjury.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That all
goods, wares, merchandise, or property of any
kind seized under the provisions of this act or
any other law of the United States relating to
the customs shall, unless otherwise provided
for by law, be placed and remain in the cus-
tody of the collector or other principal officer
of the customs of the district in which the seiz-
ure shall be made, to abide adjudication by the
proper tribunal, or other disposition according
to law j and the proceedings in regard to fines,
penalties, and forfeitures by virtue of this act,
and not herein prescribed, shall be the same
as are now provided by law in like cases; and
all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures shall,
after deducting all proper costs and charges,
be disposed of and applied as provided for in
the ninety-first section of the act entitled "An
act to regulate the collection of duties on in,
ports and tonnage," approved March two,
seventeen hundred and ninety-nine.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases in which any collector or surveyor of
customs has paid or accounted for, or is charged
with duties or fees accruing under the act en-
titled "An act to provide increased revenue
from imports to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved August five,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, or the act en-
titled "An act to increase duties on imports,
and for other purposes," approved June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, or the act
entitled "An act to create an additional super-
vising inspector of steamboats and two local
inspectors of steamboats for the collection dis-
trict of Memphis, Tennessee, and two local
inspectors for the district of Oregon, and for
other purposes," approved June eight, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, or the act entitled
"An act amendatory of certain acts impos-
ing duties on foreign importations," approved
March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
and in regard to which the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be satisfied that the collection
of said duties or fees was omitted by such col-
lector or surveyor, or by any steamboat in-
spector, for the reason that he was not informed
of the existence of the said acts when the said
duties or fees accrued, that the said Secretary
be, and he is hereby, authorized, under such
rules as he may prescribe, to remit or refund,
as the case may require, such duties or fees to
such collector or surveyor or steamboat in-
spector.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases in which the fees and emoluments
received by any collector or other principal
officer of the customs are, in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, insufficient to afford
a reasonable compensation for the services of
such officer, after payment out of the same of
reasonable incidental expenses of the office,
the said Secretary may direct that so much of
the said incidental expenses as shall seein to
him to be just shall be paid out of the appro-
priation for paying the expenses of collecting
the levenue ; and the said Secretary shall have
the same power in regard to incidental ex-
penses which have heretofore been incurred,
and which have not been settled and paid into
the Treasury; and all fees paid into the Treas-
ury by customs officers shall be placed to the
eredit of the fund for defraying the' expenses
of collecting the revenue from customs.
Sec. 3*1. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the first section of the act entitled
"An act relative to collectors and other officers
of customs," approved February eleven, eight-
een hundred and forty-six, shall, from and after
the passage of this act, bo applied and enforced
in regard to all officers, agents, and employes
of the United States whomsoever, as well those
whose compensation is determined by a com-
mission on disbursements, not to exceed an
annual^ maximum, as those paid by salary or
otherwise.
Sec. 3o. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall, directly or indirectly, at any
time make or offer to make to any officer of the
revenue, or to any other person or persons au-
thorized by this act to make searches or seiz-
ures, any gratuity or present of money, or other
thing of value, or.give or offer any bribe or
reward, of whatever nature, with intent to in-
fluence or induce such officer or other person
or persons to do any act in violation of his or
her or their official duty, or to refrain from
doing anything which, under the law, it is or
shall be his or her or their duty to do, or if any
such officer or person shall ask or receive in
any manner any such gratuity, present, bribe,
or reward, every person so offending shall be
