1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
unless it comes home to their grosser senses in
the rude shock of battalions ancl the groans of
the wounded and the dying, and think, there-
fore, when the standard drops from the nerve-
less grasp, that this is peace. It is to form a
very inadequate conception of a kind of arbit-
rament that depends as much on skillful tactics
as 011 hard knocks. Resistance does not always
cease when its arms are stricken from its hands.
The victory is not always to the strong. It is as
often the guerdon to the wise. True, we have
conquered these people in battle, but what of
that? No man was ever converted from an
enemy into a friend by the summary logic of
shot and shell.
" Who overcomes
By force, liath overcome but halt his foe."
The demoniac spirit that animated this rebel-
lion, the same that mutilated and starved and
butchered our martyred heroes, that inoculated
the veins and rotted off the strong arm of the
norther!) warrior with the deadly venom of the
lazar-liouse, that baled the yellow fever as mer-
chandise for this capital, and that ended by
assassinating our President, still lives, unre-
pentant, unsubduAl, ferocious, and devilish as
ever. The battle still rages, as it did in these
Halls long before the outbreak of the rebellion,
but under a new phase.
" What though the £el<l he lost ?
All is not loit."
If arms have failed, there are other weapons,
rejected by the South in its blind and unrea-
soning arrogance, which have proved in other
times more potent in its hands than the puny
sword that has just been shattered like a pot-
sherd in its collision with the iron muscle of the
sinewy laboring man of the free States. A bloody
experience -has taught them their mistake in
crossing swords with the soldiers of the North
instead of lighting the battle in the Union, and
relying on the folly of its statesmen and the
superior address that harnessed its fierce democ-
racy to their triumphal eat' and made them the
masters of the nation until the period of their
revolt. Hurled to the earth like llieir great pro-
totypes in crime, how natural to find the like
consolation in the leflection:
"Ileneeforth their might we know, and know our
own ;
So as not either to provoke, or dread
New war provoked; our bettor part remains
To woik in close design, by fraud or guile,
"What force effected not.''
But tfeis is not the peace that we have been
endeavoring to secure. This is not victory, but
defeat—just such defeat as that which follows
the astounding paradox that our supposed tri-
umph on the Appomattox;, that made every
heart leap with joy, has only purged the -guilt
of our enemies and reinstated them here with
no right impaired, to "beard us in our hall^
and ■•push us from our stools." There is
nothing, therefore, in the argument to drive us
into such an inversion of the natural and logi-
cal order as would be involved in the imposi-
tion of State governments by the military arm,
any more than there is to hurry us into a pre-
mature and ill-adjusted scheme of restoration,
when there is abundant leisure to arrange our
plans, and a false step would be irrevocable.
I want a real peace before reorganization anil
readmission here. Invert the oidcr, and we
shall have no peace. It will only amount, as
I have before hinted, to a change of weapons,
and a retran^fer ol the scat of var to these
Chambers, whence they went out tour years
ago to try the bloody issue that has been deter-
mined against them, ju;->t as they had before gone
out in couples to seek the blood of some north-
ern Representative.
And now. as to the admission that the people
of the seceding States have been deprived ot all
civil government whatever.
During the last Congress, as I ha\e ahead}
remarked, I took some pains to show that these
States were, by construction of law as well as
in point, of fact, outside ol the Lnion, because
it was apparent, that the whole question of our
power to deal with them in such a way as to
realize the legitimate results of the war and
exact the necessary securities for* our future
peace, must depend on the relation in which
the war had left them. 1 he phraseology, though
sufficiently precise, was not perhaps as well
chosen as it might have been to exclude the idea
either that they were out rightfully as States,
or out in point of fact territorially. The " rari
nantes," the few citizens of those States who,
though outlawed by the belligerent relation rec-
ognized by our courts, as well as by the whole
conduct of the war, and positively established
by our legislation here, still remained "faithful
among the faithless" would naturally protest
against a form of expression that seemed to shut
them out from the relation of citizens, and to
give them the character of alien enemies; and
it is perhaps, therefore, no great matter of sur-
prise that the doctrine should have found so
little favor in high places. I do not care to re-
argue that question now, because it is perhaps
not material. Taking the' word State as con-
tradistinguished from that of Government—for
which there is unquestionably an example and
a warrant in the language of the constitutional
clause of guarantee—to mean, as it has been
defined by so great an authority as Mr. Burke,
'"the commonwealth at largo, with all its orders
and all tlio rights belonging to each,'' and not
"the ruling or governing power,'' it maybe
admitted without damage to the argufnent that
they are still in. In that aspect of the case it
must signify the territory, or the people, whether
black or white, loyal or disloyal, or both. It
cannot be the territory only, because it would
then continue to be a State, although deprived
of its inhabitants as well as of its government,
in which case it was never pretended that it was
out. It cannot mean the people only, because
that, would make them a State, though all dis-
claiming their allegiance, or all alien enemies,
and owing none except such as was qualified,
and temporary, and purely domiciliary. In this
sense it is a compound idea, of which one of
the elements is necessarily a loyal people, and
a perception of which is discernible in the-fact
that under the plan of the proclamations the
voters are to be confined to the loyal, or at least
that portion of them which has the accidcntal
advantage of having straighter liair or some-
what whiter skins than the residue.
It is enough for my purpose, however, that
thcirpolitical organizations, through which only
they can ljuiintain their appropriate relations to
our governmental system, have been, as it is
admitted they are, entirely destroyed; a point
which could not bo well contested in view of the
common-law rules that govern in cases of pub-
lie or municipal as of merely private corpora-
tions. The proclamations go further in affirm-
ing that they have been '"deprived of all civil
government whatever,'' which would imply a
state of anarchy, and ignore alike the law of con-
quest and "the supreme law'' under the Con-
stitution, and thus exude them from the Union
by a strict logical necessity. By this, however,
the President intends, no doubl, the local gov-
ernments alone. He cannot affirm a condition
of anarchy, as this wouldbc.so long as he main-
tains that"they are still in the Union and subject
to itslaws, or in even asserting, as he does by the
| proclamations themselves, thecontinuingjuris
| diction and authority of the national Govern-
1 merit over them. Witlioutai.y government what-
ever there can be no social state except that of
nature. It is as impossible to conceive the ex-
istence of a civil or political State without an
organism, as it would be. that of an animal or
vegetable body in like predicament. Stripped,
however, of all the political organizations that
held them together as members of this Union,
they must of necessity have lapsed into a con-
dition where everything was lost except their
territorial relations and identity. In this con-
dition, howevgr, of local dissolution, it is admit-
ted on all hands that they are without powers
of self-resurrection ; that "without governments
themselves they must receive their impulse from
-without—from"their only remaining sovereign ;
and that these dry bones, these festering, decom-
posing elements must atleastbebreathed upon in
order that they may live; and therefore it is that
the Executive Magistrate, in the exercise of what
he conceive? _.tp be his duty, undertakes, toija-
part the required movement by prcpsskig and
adjusting the whole machinery, setting it in mo-,
t.ion with his own hand,' and even prescribing
the law by which that motion was to bftgoverned.
Whether these States are in or out, is no; longer
a question, when the rupture of their donnectiona
and their own incapacity to restore :them,-witltf
out the direction of the ultimate "sovereign, rase
admitted elements in the ease. Ail- that, re-?
mains is to dccide where this transcendent power-
is lodged, how it is to be exercised, and who
is that is to speak this chaos into order, and to
.recreate from this admitted anarchy, the-futtsm
organism that is to claim its place in our systems
The proclamations assume thatthis high and
imperial function is a purely executive one,
and that on the ground of the constitutional
Obligation on the part of the United States to
guaranty to every State in this -Union a repub-
lican form of government, and tho duty of the
President to see that the laws are faithfully-
executed. It is only on the hypothesis either
that this officer is, not in the modest language
of Louis XIV, the State, but the United States,
or that this executory agreement is in tlie na-
ture of a law which may be enforced by the
instrumentality of the sword, and without the
exercise of any discretion on the part of it8
minister, that the case can be claimed to fall
within theprovince of the executive department.
The former of these views, which seems to find
support in the argument of the gentleman from
New York, I shall not trouble myself to answer.
If the latter were true, and the duty itself a
purely ministerial one, the claim.- would be
unquestionable. It is so far from being true,
however, that it would have been impossible
oven for Congress itself to provide in advance
by any general enactment for the many different
cases that might arise to demand its fulfillment.
They have not even yet decided what is to be
considered a republican form of government
within the meaning of the clause, or how it is
to be erected in case of the -overthrow of any
of the existing State governments. They have
endeavored, it is true, to provide for these cases,
but have been met by the argument that it
would be time enough to cook their hare when
it was caught, or tho objection that tho Execu-
tive had abetter "plan" than their own, which
was in itself a confession that it was a matter
of doubt and discretion, and anything but the
performance of a ministerial duty. That plan,
like the present one, involved no less a task
than the reconstruction of a State from its very
foundations, and the declaration of the law
that was to govern in the prosecution of that
work. In the former case, the power was con-
ferred on a tilhe of the voters who might take
the oath of allegiance and forswear the insti-
tution of slavery. In the latter, it is confined
to the loyal men who had voted before, without
reference to their numbers, and without any
definition of the term, although it was clear
that there was scarcely a loyal man in those
States except those who were excluded. x But
will anybody say that the proclamation of the
fundamental law of a State is an executive
function? If there be any higher act of sov-
ereignty than that which founds or reconstructs
a State, and ghes or denies the elective fran-
chise to any of its citizens, I do not know what
it is. The man who makes the elector makes
the laws and the magistrates, and is practically
in the enjoyment of a dictatorial power. There
are occasions in the extremity of a State when
such a power may be necessary for its safety.
Nobody has questioned the right of the Execu-
tive to govern the conquered territories—and
that by the rigors of martial law—in the recess
of Congress and the absence of any other rule.
No man has gone further than myself in the
support of measures which were necessitated
by considerations connected with the public
safety. I can very well recollect the time when
"entlemen upon the other side were startled
tiy the boldne.'-s of my claims in favor of a
quasi dictatorial power in the Executive, and
Democratic presses held mo up as the cham-
pion of absolutism. Then, however, it wa$
