1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
371
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
liable to indictment, as for a high crime and
misdemeanor, in any court of the United States
having jurisdiction for the trial of crimes and
misdemeanors, and shall, upon conviction
thereof, be fined not exceeding three times the
amount so offered, promised or given, asked
or received, and imprisonment in a peniten-
tiary not exceeding three years.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That
from and after the passage of this act no suit
begun thereafter shall be maintained in any
court for the recovery of duties alleged to have
been erroneously or illegally exacted by col-
lectors of customs, unless the plaintiff shall,
within thirty days after due notice of the ap-
pearance of the defendant, either in person
or by attorne}7, serve on the defendant or his
attorney a bill of particulars of the plaintiff's
demand, giving the name of the importer or
importers, the description of the merchandise
and place from which imported, the name or
names of the vessel or vessels, or means of
importation, the date of the invoice, the date
of the entry at the custom-house, the precise
amount of duty claimed to have been exacted
in excess, the date of payment of said duties,
the day and year on which protest was filed
against the exaction thereof, the date of ap-
peal thereon to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and date of decision, if any, on such appeal.
And if a bill of particulars, containing all the
above-mentioned items, be not served as afore-
.said, a judgment of non pros, shall be ren-
dered against the plaintiff or plaintiffs in said
action.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That
parts of such building as shall be approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury may be bonded
for the storage of grain, under such rules, reg-
ulations, and conditions as he may prescribe
for the security of the revenue, and that so
much of the act entitled "An act to extend
the warehousing system by establishing private
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes,"
approved March twenty-eight, eighteen_ hun-
dred and fifty-four, as conflicts with this act
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of estimating the duties on impor-
tations of grain, the number of bushels shall
be ascertained by weight, instead of by meas-
uiing; and sixty pounds of wheat, fifty-six
pounds of corn, fifty-six pounds of rye, forty-
eight pounds of barley, thirty-two pounds of
oats, sixty pounds of peas, and forty-two
pounds of buckwheat, avoirdupois weight,
shall respectively be estimated as a bushel.
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That in
order to facilitate the execution of the provis-
ions of the seventh section of the act entitled
"An act to prevent and punish frauds upon the
revenue, to provide for the more certain and
speedy collection of claims in favor of the
United States, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, relative to the seizure of 11 invoices,
books, and papers," any district judge of the
United States may hereafter issue his warrant
or warrants and direct the same to any collector
or collectors of the customs in whose respective
districts any such invoices, books, or papers
may be thought to be.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, lhatit
any collector of the customs, or other officer
or agent, shall neglect or refuse to comply with
the provisions of the first section of the act
entitled "An act requiring all moneys receiv-
able from customs and from all other sources
to be paid immediately into the Treasury, with-
out abatement or reduction, and for other pur-
poses," approved March three, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-nine, he shall be subject to be
removed from office, and to forfeit to the U ni-
ted States any share or part of the moneys
withheld to which he might otherwise be enti-
tled ; and all moneys received by collectors for
the custody of goods, wares, and merchandise
in bonded warehouses, shall be accounted for
as storage under the provisions of the fifth
section of the act of March third, eighteen
hundred and forty-one.
Sec. 41. And be'it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the master of any foreign
vessel, laden or in ballast, arriving in the waters
of the United States from any foreign territory
adjacent to the northern, northeastern, or north-
western frontiers of the United States, to report
at the office of any collector or deputy collector
of the customs, which shall be nearest to the
point at which such vessel may enter said
waters; and such vessel shall not proceed fur-
ther inland, either to unlade or take in cargo,
without a special permit from such collector or
deputy collector, issued under and in accord-
ance with such general or special regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may in his
discretion, from time to time, prescribe. And
for any violation of this section such vessel
shall be seized and forfeited.
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That if
any collector of the customs, supervising or
local inspector of steamboats, or other officer,
shall neglect or refuse to make any of the re-
turns or reports which he is required to make
at stated times by any act of Congress or regu-
lation of the Treasury Department, other tlian
his aeeounts, within the time prescribed by
such act or regulation, he shall, upon convic-
tion thereof before the district court of his dis-
trict, forfeit and pay, for the use of the United
States, any sum not less than one hundred dol-
lars nor more than one thousand dollars.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That the
act entitled "An act for the more effectual re-
covery of debts due" from individuals to the
United States," approved March three, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five; and the act en-
titled "An act to extend for a longer period
the several acts now in force for the relief of
insolvent debtors of the United States," ap-
proved May twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and forty; and the last clause of the tenth sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act for enrolling
and licensing ships and vessels to be employed
in the coasting trade and fisheries, and for reg-
ulating the same," approved February eight-
een, seventeen hundred and ninety-three, being
all after the words "complied with;" and the
seventh section of the act 'entitled "An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
hundred and forty-five, and for otherpurposes,"
approved June seventeen, eighteen lmndredand
forty-four; and the one hundred and third sec-
tion of the act entitled " An act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage,"
approved March two, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine; and the tenth section of the act
entitled "An act amendatory of certain acts
imposing duties upon foreign importations,"
approved March three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five; and all other acts and parts of acts
conflicting with or supplied by this act, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of this act shall not be deemed to
affect any action or proceeding or indictment
pending at the time this act shall take effect,
but the same shall be tried, and disposed of,
and judgment or decree executed as if this act
had not been passed.
Approved, July 18, 186G.
Chap. CCII. — An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be
established as post roads:
new york.
From Tarrytown to White Plains.
maryland.
From Buena Vista, via Mitchellsville, to
Coojoersvillo.
rhode island.
From Blackstone, via Pascoag, Slatersville.
Mohegan, and Mapleville, to Burrillville.
iowa.
From Des Moines, via Indianola and Chari-
ton, to Luneville (State line.)
From Des Moines, via McClain, Henry,
Payton, Maseville, and Benson, to Grove City.
wisconsin.
From Arcadia, via Burnside and Hale, to
Sumner.
From Dodgeville, via James's Mills, Wm. S.
Bean's, and Booth Hollow, to Avoca.
Prom Green Bush, via Armstrong's Corners,
Dundee, New Prospect, and Eble's Mills, to
Barton.
From Wrightstown, via East Wrightstown,
Morristown, and Maple Grove, to Pauquette.
From Spring Green, via Plain and White
Mound, to Reedsburg.
minnesota.
From Wilton, via Swan Lake, to Blue Earth
City.
From Redwood Falls, on the Minnesota
River, via Big Stone Lake, Fort Wadsworth,
and Fort Berthold, to Fort Union, Montana
Territory.
From De Luth to the Falls of Vermillion
River.
From Little Falls, via Long Prairie, to Alex-
andria.
From Sauk Centre, via Westport, Lake
Amelia, Reno City, Lake Tokan, Big Stone
Lake, and Lake Traverse, to Fort Wadsworth,
Dakota Territory.
From Saint Peter, via Lake Prairie, Kelso,
and Dryden, to New Auburn.
From Shakopee, viaMaple Glenn, New Dub-
lin, New Market, and Cedar Lake, to Oral,
returning thence by Helena, Lydia, and Marys-
town, to Shakopee.
From Winona, via Eau Claire, Chippewa,
Mondovi, to Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin.
From Red Wing, via Thomas Carney's Mill,
Wisconsin, to Ellsworth.
From Crow Wing, via Otter Tail City^ and
Monta, to Fort Abercrombie, Dakota Terri-
tory.
From Elk River, via Pleasant Valley, to
Spencer Brook.
From Montieello, via Buffalo, to Watertown.
From Buffalo, via Maple Lake to Fremont.
KANSAS.
From Junction City, via south side of Re-
publican River, Quimby's, Cain's Settlement,
and Elk Creek, to Washington.
From Junction City to Batchelder._
From Pleasant Hill, Missouri, via High Blue,
Aubrey, Squiresville, Kansas, and Spring Hill,
to Baldwin City.
From Media to Oskaloosa.^
From American City, via Savannah, to
Vienna.
From Ottawa, via Berea, Mount Getiad, and
Oakwood, to Mound City.
MISSOTTIil.
From Kansas City, via Little Santa Fe, Au-
brey, Kansas, Cold Water Grove, Rockville,
and Trading Post, to Fort Scott.
akkaksas.
From Fayetteville, via Rhea's Mill, Cincin-
nati, and Telegraph, to Fort Gibson.
mississippi.
From Ripley to Saulsbury, Tennessee.
alabama.
From Tuscaloosa, via Foster's store, Union,
and Clinton, to Gainesville.
montan'a territory.
From Sioux City, Iowa, via the Nebraska
and Yellow Stone River routes, to Walla Walls,
Washington Territory.
nevada.
From Wellington Station, via Mammoth aad
lone, to Austin.
