1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
debt than this; but then I think prudence re-
quires that we should timely provide, not only
for the interest, but for the future payment or
funding of the principal as it becomes due.
The Secretary of the Treasury, as the finan-
cial minister of this Government,is charged
with the payment of the interest of this debt,
charged also under our laws and the expecta-
tion of our people with the payment of the
principal as it matures, and under the legisla-
tion of Congress we expect him to pay that
debt as it becomes due. It is due to this Gov-
ernment that it should be done, that a failure
to pay fifty or one hundred millions of this
debt when it matures shall not take place—a
failure tlml would affect the credit of the Gov-
ernment and llu ow discredit on the intelligence
of Congress all over the world.
I am not so sure as the Senator from Ohio
is that this is not the proper time for providing
for the payment of the maturing debt. The
eight hundred and odd millions he does not
set down; but itsupplies the place of currency,
and should be so regarded. It ought to be
provided for, and thus we come to the aid of
that pressure in the money market which all
men of experience and men of historical knowl-
edge expectcd to follow the close of this war.
There has never been a great struggle in Eng-
lond that has not produced a monetary strict-
ure between the high money prices of war and
the reduced prices of peace. I do not think it
would be very wise hastily, suddenly, without
the preparation of the country, to bring up the
notes that we have paid out at a discount in
the payment of our debts contracted during the
war to a specie standard, and give their holders
specie for them. If 1 was managing the finances
of the Government I do not think I would take
in any of the ordinary legal-tender notes, par-
ticularly while I could get interest-bearing
notes.
The Government has been almost the sole
purchaser of the productions of this country
for the hist five years, and of a large portion
of the labor. By the use of legal-tender notes
and other issues we paid the persons from whom
we obtained our supplies of men, money, and
means for carrying on the war. Now, we are
distributing it no longer, except to the exlent
of the interest and the maintenance of the civil
Government and the, reduced Army and Navy
that we keep. In the transition of the industry
of the country and the sources of supply from
the Government to individuals, the history of
all nations and alltimc-s has shown where there
is stricture in the money market. The Gov-
ernment that has paid the laborers, the Gov-
ernment that has paid for the productions of
the looms, the Government that has paid for
the wheat and the corn and the oats and the
productions of the forest and the production
of the, mines, ceases to buy them; others must
be found to purchase, and to make a new dis-
tribution of the relation of purchaser and seller
is a slow juocc.is.
The Senator from Ohio says the amount of
the currency ought to be, fixed. There, would
be some advantage in a iixed currency if there
was no credit beyond that; but in all the catas-
trophes that have happened to the currency of
the country and in monetary strictures it has
not been the amount of money, but the amount
of available, credit, that swelled prices and led
to commercial fatalities. At the period of our
last commercial revulsion we had probably a
paper currency in this country not exceeding
$500,000,000. and vet So. 000,000.000 would not
cover the mercantile and individual credits that
swelled prices, increased debts, and aggravated
the calamities of the commercial crisis. We
are now in a transition state ; the Government
has been sole purchaser and sole distributor
of money ; we arc getting back to the slow pro-
cess by which it falls into other hands and labor
is paid and production is paid bvothers. Such
a state of things has always led to a commer-
cial crisis; and if we have one we shall hflvc it
within the two years which are coming, and
duiing that time a wise financial policy, in my
judgment, would provide for as much of our
debt as it is possible to provide for. If I were
in the place of the Secretary of the Treasury
I would do just exactly as he has been doing.
I would use the surplus money to take up the
issues of interest-bearing notes and put them
out of the way, if I had a surplus not necessary
for the other demands of the Government. I
would put him in a situation to continue this,
and I hope that he will be able to accomplish
it, so that at no one period of time would so
much of the public debt fall due as to creatc
trouble and apprehension or combinations
between moneyed men and the Government
of the United States.
I have made up my mind that there is nothing
in this bill that a wise man may not faiily con-
fide to an officer of high character, and certainly
of considerable financial ability, who has his
reputation and his character before the nation
and the world at stake on the manner in which
he administers his duty. If 1 were in that
place I would prefer that you should lay down
exactly what 1 should do, so that I should incur
no risks, so that I should be able to say, '' Here
is the law; 1 cannot sell your bonds and pay
your debts in the way you pointed out; it was
impossible to do it; you have taken the respon-
sibility, and the credit of the nation has lost its
prestige; you have failed in the high obliga-
tion which every great people must show of
meeting its debts punctually and properly and
providing for them fairly; it rests with you, gen-
tlemen." I would not like the responsibility
of action. Still, if 1 intended that the debt
should be paid, I would allow this great officer
intrusted with the payment of it some latitude
and some discretion.
Some may say the liberties of the people, the
prosperity of the nation, will be endangered if
we delegate such vast powers to tlio Secretary
of the Treasury. When wo call a man to the
Presidency, when we put a general at the head
of our armies, we intrust him with vast powers,
vastly greater powers than we confide to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and we have no
choice. We are obliged to confide in them;
these, powers are necessary for great times and
occasions. 1 happen to know the Secretary of
the Treasury individually, and have known him
for some years. He, lived in the neighboring
State of Indiana, and had character and repu-
tation as a banker; ] met him in bank conven-
tions between Indiana and Kentucky when we
were consulting upon very interesting subjects,
and I always lound him to be, an intelligent,
honest, straight,-forward, high-minded, and up-
right man, and I bear that testimony to him
nojv. I suppose it is not improper to mention
Mr. Secretary Chase in this connection ; and I
thought he was imbued with Mr. Secretary
Chase's grand notion of putting down the
rebellion and being able to resume specie pay-
ments within sixty or ninety days. I thought
that he was a little imbued with that notion,
and I took occasion to remark to him in the,
course of conversation, ''Mr. Secretary, we
have got first to put down this rebellion before,
we think of resuming specie payments; that
is an afterwork;'' and he turned to me very
kindly and said, "I do not think of doing it
before we put down the rebellion; " and then
I felt that i had done injustice to him m sup-
posing that he had not looked at the whole
ground.
Now, I have no doubt he is anxious to sat-
isfy that portion of the country who are impa-
tient about specie payments and the effect of j
a depreciated currency. I think it is-riglit that
we should all steadily look forward to the pio- |
priety at the earliest practicable period, without
any hazard to any great interest, and without \
making grand fortunes for individuals by the !
operation, of bringing up the paper money to !
the standard of specie. !
When L was in the Tieasury Department I j
had a surplus of money, and the difficulty was !
to know what to do with it. I was running a
race with Congress to see whether I could pay
more of the public money than they would
appropriate for private expenses as the law
left it open to me to do. I had no difficulty
about money, but I could not keep my mind
from running upon the thought, what will this
Government do in the event of an interna!
struggle or a contest with foreign nations in an
arduous war? And I came to the conclusion
that it would have to resort to exchsquer notes,
just as was done during the war. My judg-
ment is that you could not have lived through
the war without them. My judgment is that
the confederates failed when their currency
failed. When it went down, and they could no
longer pay their troops, there, was no hope for
them. I considered then the rebellion sub-
stantially at an end ; it was but a question of
a campaign after that.
Our people have borne taxation well—ad-
mirably well. Many of Ihem have large in-
comes, and Lwould not advise that the income
tax should be taken otf. They are the men
who have money, and in appealing to the peo-
ple for money I know of no better way of get-
ting it than to call on those who have it. But
in the commercial relations of the United
States, particularly in our foreign commerce,
debts arc creatcd. I have no objection to pay-
ing those debts with gold from the mines. I
have felt that the productions of the mines
were a part of the national wealth just as much
as the productions of the field or the forest,
and that, we had a right to look to them and
use them in paying our balances with foreign
nations. In the transition state which gener-
ally follows a long and protracted war we may
expect a diminution of commerce. There may
be a diminution in the production of our pro-
vision Slates, so that they will not be able to
supply our manufacturers, and enable them to
compete with the other manufacturing nations.
Our trade hitherto has been pretty well kept
up, but there maybe a diminution ofcommerce,
and then our people, will be less able to pay.
We shall then have fewer large incomes to call
upon. There will be fewer products from the
manufacturing districts, fewer from the agricul-
tural districts; there will be diminished ability
to pay taxes. Now is the time to do what this
bill provides for, before that takes place, as,
in my judgment, it must and will take place
sooner or later ; for in the history of no coun-
try that has passed through the excitements of
war and war prices, and come back to peace
pi ices, is llioro a solitary instance where it has
not occurred.
Sir, I believe we are able to pay our national
debt. I believe a repudiation of it would do
more injury to this nation before the nations of
the world than even the success of'the rebel-
lion. We have now established our warlike
character before fhe nations of the world; let
us take care that in winding up this war and
restoring peace we leave no stain on the hon-
esty and credit of the nation. I do not believe
there is a man within the sound of my voice,
and there is no class of people in any portion
of the country with whom 1 have spoken, that
do not want to pay the debt, and that do not
think we ought to pay it. Occasionally you
will hear men say, '"When jou restore specie
payments, arc"you going to pay those men who
only gave fifty or sixty cents to the dollar for
their bonds the full specie face value of the
bonds?" That was the great outcry in Eng-
land when they resumed specie payments, and
there was a strong party made against those
who brought it about; but still England re-
sumed specie payments, and England has be-
come the money center of the world and has
engrossed a .meat portion of its commerce. T
am'not one of those who believe that England's
moneyed superiority is to keep always as it is
now or as it has been for the last fifty years.
If we are true to ourselves, true to the bequest
made us by the framers of our Constitution,
true to the large country that we govern, we
shall bring the commercial center to New York
and vie with England in commerce; and I be-
lieve we shall make another great city on the
west, competing with her for the trade of the
eastern world, and throwing into this country
all its rich benefits and advantages, and that
San Francisco will rise up a competitor of New
