8772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I am
Sorry the committee did not understand the
laws of Pennsylvania, as it is very evident tliey
did not. The laws "of Pennsylvania were not
designed to disfranchise the soldiers. And
before I go farther I want to say oa behalf of
the soldiers of Pennsylvania and other States,
that in the camp, in the field, and in hospital
they never voted to admit one of their ene-
mies to this floor. I have said that this case
■Was made up by special pleading. Let us ex-
ercise eotntaon sense. I "admit I am not a
lawyer, and have not looked into the techni-
calities of the case', perhaps, as touch as some
who have been educated at the bar. I am a
farmer, bat I claim to have some common
sense, and I repeat that there is not a lawyer
On this floor, 1 care not how astute, who can
show that these figures ate wrong. I will take
my learned colleague, [Mr. Williams,] who has
a le^al reputation, perhaps, equal to any man
in the State; I will give him one hour to prove
that the sitting member is entitled to his seat
by the facts and figubes of this report, and if
lie can do it I will agree to vote for it. He has
examined it, and so have other able lawyers in
the House, and they have come to no other
conclusion than that, by adopting the report of
the committee you disfranchise these soldiers.
Mr. DAWES. Not one.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Pennsylvania. My
friend shakes his head. I know how it will
be when he comes to argue this case. I have
not forgotten how he paced through these
aisles when he made his argument in favor of
tlie right of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Dodge] to his seat, and how he induced
the House to set aside 200 majority there. I
do not undertake to say but it was right, but
I do want it understood that the dicta and the
decisions of the chairman of the Committe of
Elections are not always right, but that they
have been overruled on former occasions.
Not this session. But I say if there ever was
a ease where the decision of the committee
ought to be overruled, it is this case. And I
think if the contestant could have been here
to present his own case that decision would be
overruled.
And now let me show you why; and this
will be the dryest part of the case, of course.
Company A, one hundred and fifty-fifth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, gave Fuller 7
votes, Dawson none. But those returns are
thrown out because the oaths are not attached
to them. But I say the oaths are in the re-
port, and any man can read them for himself.
The majority of the committee have made a
mistake, not willfully, I know, but it is a mis-
take, as my colleague [Mr. Scofield] showed
yesterday. And the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Paixe] had the frankness to admit it,
and to say that these 7 votes should be counted.
I take it forgranted that they should be counted,
for they were fairly polled in camp; and no
man can show that they ought not to be counted.
At Camp Parole there was 1 vote cast for Mr.
Fuller; the papers are all right, all sworn to
iroperly, and yet the vote is left out merely
jy negligence or oversight. I am now refer-
ring to votes that the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Paixe,] according to his theory,
allows to be corrcet and right. And if any
member desires to controvert that fact he has
now an Opportunity.
Now, the McClellan hospital vote is rejected
by the committee, because the oaths were not
properly certified on the return. Yet, in the
caption of the poll-book it is set forth that the
officers were sworn according to law. That is
not denied, and the list of the officers? is there.
Yet the 3 votes from that hospital are ruled
out. The majority of the committee claim that
the sitting member has a majority of 15 votes.
I want to show that upon their own theory the
contestant, Mr. Fuller, has a majority of 16
votes.
Mr. PAINE. I understood the gentleman
to say just now that the majority of the com-
mittee have found 15 majority for the sitting
member.
I
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. That
is what the report says.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman state in
what part of the report he finds that?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Here
it is:
" Upon the hypothesis that the illegal returns, to
which the contestant obicetcd, wore actually can-
vassed in fa,vor of Mr. Dawson, and the notice of
contest permits the contestant to attack them, the
vote will be, majority for J. L. Dawson 15."
Mr. PAINE. I will explain now to the
House the misunderstanding which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Lawrence,] in
common with all those who take the view he
does, have made in regard to this report. If
he had read further he would have read:
"If it is assumed that these illegal returns werenot
canvassed, or that the notice of contest does n<*t per-
mit, the contestant to attach them, Mr. Dawson's
majority -will be 21."
Then, turning back to page 9 of the report,
he would find that there is no proof .whatever
in the case that those votes should have been
counted; and therefore the conviction of the
committee was that the majority of the sitting
njgmber was 21, and not 15.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman from Fayette [Mr. Dawson] was
entitled to retain his seat by 21 majority, why
did not the committee put it down in figures ?
In his argument yesterday the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] claimed that the ma-
jority was 15. And when pressefl by my col-
league [Mr. Scofield] upon that, he now gives
it up, and puts in a claim for 21 majority.
Mr. PAINE. We did not put it down in
figures, but we wrote it all out in letters and
words on page 12 of the report, in the very
next sentence to what the gentleman read.
Mr. LAWRENCE, pf Pennsylvania. I have
had that page.
Mr. PAINE. .Does not the gentleman find
"twenty-one" there?
•Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Yes,
I find it there. And now, if the gentleman
will have patience, I will show where the other
6 votes came frpm. I have already shown
II votes legally given and which should have
been counted, for they were cast in camp by
the soldiers under the law; and yet they have
not been counted.
Then we have thus 11 votes for contestant.
This return included the vote from Fayette,
Indiana, and Westmoreland counties, making
15 votes in all. The committee refuse to count
the 5 votes from Indiana county and the 2
votes from Fayette county, making 7 in all.
Why do they refuse them? They do not deny
that these votes are legal; but they object that
the certificate was only from the prothonotary
of Westmoreland county, and that he had no
right to include in the return the votes of the
other two counties. This at most is only a
technical objection. The return is perfect.
On page 5 of the third book will be found the
evidence in regard to this matter.- The return
in full from the secretary of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania was presented to the House
and the committee, being numbered sixty-four.
The duplicate of that return I have now here,
and any member can examine it.
The certificate numbered sixty-four seems
to have been lost. It is admitted that it was
among the papers. The gentleman who made
out the list swears that the paper was presented
to the House; -yet the committee by some means
overlooked or lost the document; and when it
Was found that the return had by some means
become missing, and when a duplicate had been
furnished, the committee refused to count these
votes. As soon as it was found that this paper
was not among the papers in the hands of the
committee, the contestant, or his attorney, pro-
cured from the office of the secretary of the
Commonwealth; atHarrisburg, a duplicate copy
of the return, with the seal of the State attached,
accompanied with the affidavit of the proper of-
ficer; yet those 7 votes werenot counted. Why?
JSTot because the evidence was not furnished to
the committee, for they admit they had it; yet
they refuse to count these 7 votes. Adding these
7 to the 11, which I have already shown should
be counted, make 18—8 more than the majority
claimed for Mr. Dawson in the report.
Now, let us turn to the vote of the two hun-
dred and sixth regiment in the field. Iu that
case we have evidence that the officers con-
ducting the elections were sworn. Yet the
committee refuse to count the votes because,
they allege, the officers were not " sufficiently''
sworn. It is set fortfc in the caption of the
poll-book that the officers were sworn, and
the oath is given, signed by all the officers,
showing that the officers were regularly sworn,
and that they conducted the election regularly.
Yet the vote thus returned is ruled outand dis-
regarded. These votes would have made 2
more for the contestant. There is no reason
why these votes should not have been counted. '
The law provides that the soldiers' votes shall
not be ruled out on account of any technicality
or informality. It was expressly intended by
the Legislature that considerable latitude should
be allowed for irregularities in the elections by
soldiers in the field; that their votes should
not be'nullified on account of any informality.
The2votes returned from this regiment would
make 20 for the contestant.
In the fourth independent artillery there were
4 votes cast. The committee make the same
objection to these votes. Yet, in the caption
of the poll-book it is set out that the officers
were all severally sworn according to law pre-
vious to their receiving any of the votes. Here
are 4 more votes which the committee refuse
to count, although it was admitted that they
were polled, as is certified by the oaths of the
officers. It is true there may be some infor-
malities ; but does the gentleman from Wis-
consin, who has himself served so faithfully in
the field, and who bearsAbnorable scars, does
he stand up in this case and declare that our
Pennsylvania soldiers shall be disfranchised
because some clerk has not included in the re-
turn every word that should have been inserted ?
It is admitted that the returns may be informal
to a certain extent; but they arg legally sworn
to, and they are the very same class of returns
upon which the majority have based their re-
port in favor of the sitting member. Now, this
makes 24 votes that Mr. Fuller is entitled to
free of all doubt. I have shown this House, I
think, that these 24 votes should have been
counted for the contestant in this case.
But I have more here of the same kind. Take
Satterlee hospital. It is proved that of 6 votes
cast there 5 were cast for Fuller and 1 for
Dawson ; that will give Fuller 29 majority. Yet
notwithstanding the "evidence of tlie votes cast
in these hospitals where the majority was largely
in favor of the contestant and against the sit-
ting member, making the majority of the con-
testant '29, we have here three members of the
Republican party declaring to the world that
the law of Pennsylvania is to be trampled
under foot and the soldiers of that State* are
to be disfranchised. Now, will this House do
this injustice to these soldiers after they bad
done so much for the country ? I would like
to see gentlemen go into their districts and
defend themselves when they will throw out
soldiers' votes because there has been some in-
formality. But, sir, there has been no infor-
mality in one case that has not existed in the
other. I think the facts will prove ineontest-
ably that" my declaration is true.
Mr. Speaker, one word more and I will close.
I know how hard it is to meet the report of the
Committee of Elections or any other commit-
tee. I can call to mind several cases where
the House by an overwhelming vote has refused
to pass a bill reported by the committee. I
may refer to the case of a bill reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
one of the ablest members of the House, which
was rejected by the House. It is no disrespect
to the Committee of Elections when I say that
four members of that committee, equal in in-
telligence, equal in discrimination to those of
the majority, refused to sign the report. I
know how members upon this fl'oor have been
button-holed to go for the sitting member id
