1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
York in the commercial business of the coun-
try ; and we shall all rejoice more and more
with a restored Government, with maintained
credit, and with commercial prosperity, and
shall all be proud of our portion and interest
in this Government.
In this connection! cannot but in all honesty
and candor express the regret which 1 feel that
we have failed to bring back all the States to
their places in the Union. I have no doubt
that many who have not been as anxious, and
who perhaps would not have gone as far as I
was prepared to go to accomplish that result,
desire the achievement of it as I do; but they
have been here fighting these battles while I
have been a looker on in another State. I
thought at the beginning of this war what I have
since expressed—I expressed it so early as in
the Peace Convention—that, we were in danger
of having two military despotisms. There was
one in the South, and I hope we shall take care,
that having been put down, that there shall
not be one erected here.
Now, I am sorry to differ from the Senator
from Ohio. I am not for increasing the paper
money; I think it ought to be reduced. The
paper of this country now is actually fifteen or
sixteen hundred million dollars, because I think
the compound-interestnotes and the seven-thir-
ties are substantially money, and take and
occupy the place of money, and when we pro-
vide for paying them we increase the money
capital of the country and its capacity for
business.
I have made up my mind deliberately, after
examining all the phases in which I could view
this bill, that it is necessary and proper to
intrust this power to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I think we ought to do it now. The alle-
gation that a power may be abused is not always
a good argument with me, because there is
much in the surroundings of the men who are
to execute your law to prevent an abuse of
granted powers. Indeed, I think that rarely
occurs among high officers of standing and
character.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have looked
at this bill this morning for the first time. I
do not know that I entirely comprehend it. I
agree with the chairman of the Committee ou
Finance and with others upon the propriety
of getting back to what is called a specie basis
as early as possible. I agree with t,lie Senator
from Kentucky who has just taken his seat,
that, it will be a very glad day for this Republic
when (here will not be found a dollar of public,
of corporate, or of personal credit that is not
on demand convertible into a specie dollar.
How soon that time will come, J take it we are
none of us prepared now to say. I presume
the first object to be aimed at by the Legislature
should be to bring about that day when there
shall not be a dollar of national credit which is
not convertible into a specie dollar. The great
obstacle in the way of this conversion at the
present time, I suppose to bo the existence of
this large amount of credit in the shape of
Treasury notes which are made by our law a
legal tender. Until that paper is retired, I
suppose we cannot look for the resumption of
specie payments on the part of others. No
bank and no individual will redeem their notes
in specie as long as they can bo redeemed in
this paper ; and they can be redeemed in this
paper as long as this paper is extant. How to
get the paper out of the way, then, seems to be
the quest ion. My idea was in the beginning
that the only excuse for issuing this paper was
the fact that the Government had an urgent
necessity for the use of money which could not
be borrowed. t
Admitting the credit of the Government to
be perfectly good—and I never did vote for a
law, and I never could vote for a law, which
tolerated the idea that the credit of the Gov-
ernment was below pai—the fact was that wo
had occasion to disburse an amount of money
which could not be collected in coin if the
Government could demand every dollar there
was in the nation. The Government was driven,
then, either to make paper of its own or to bor-
row paper frora somebody else. I always thought
that the Government should place itself in the
attitude of saying to the country; "A certain
amount of interest is fair to be paid; we are
willing to pay that; whenever, therefore, indi-
viduals or corporations will loan us money at
this fair rate of interest we will borrow it; when
we cannot borrow money at this rate of interest
we will make it." We never could say that
we will not purchase wheat or meat, or hire
soldiers or laborers because we have not the
coin to pay them; provisions and labor wo
must have, and we demanded of the country
to supply them, and they did. We were bound
to pay them. When we could not command
the coin with which to pay them, we bad to
make thqpx work for us on our credit. If we
made them take our credit in any form as an
equivalent for their labor, 1'or their meat, for
their supplies, it was only fair to say that their
creditors should take the same form of ciodit
from them. That necessitated the making of
these notes a legal tender. I always thought,
having settled what was a fair rate of interest
to be paid, the Government should just say,
" When you loan us this money at that rate of
interest, we will borrow it; when you will not,
we will issue our own notes." We adopted
first six per cent, as a fair rate of interest. I
thought it was a fair rale of interest, because
by the legislation of nearly all the commercial
States of the country that is the highest rate
of interest individuals or banks are allowed to
take, and having adopted six per cent, as a
fair rate of interest, I always regretted that we
should have issued any form of obligation
which bore a different rate of interest. There
are several different kinds of these obligations
out.
In 1865 it seems that an act was passed
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
borrow a certain amount of money, I believe
§000,000,000, and to issue among other things
any kind of bond not less than fifty dollars in
amount, and running any length of time, I be-
lieve not more than forty years, and varying in
the rate of interest up to six per cent, in coin
or seven and three tenths per cent, in currency.
Those are the kinds of bonds which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is authorized to issue by
the act referred to in the first section of this
bill. The first clause of this bill now, as I un-
derstand it, authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue any bond that comes within
this description in exchange for any other form
of indebtedness outstanding against the Gov-
ernment, whether it bears interest or whether
it docs not. Any form of indebtedness out-
standing against the Government he may take
up and is«ue in lieu of it any kind of a bond
authorized by the act of 1805.
Now, 1 suppose we would rather either have
bonds out bearing six per cent, interest in coin
or bonds bearing seven and three tenths jjer
cent, interest in currency. Ono of the two is
preferable in the judgment of Congress to-day.
My own opinion is that it would be better for
the Government if it had no seven and three-
teuihs bonds out, and if all its bonds were re-
duced to six per cent, interest and that payable
in coin. I think that would be the judgment
of Congress to-day: but this bill, while it pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary'of the Treas-
ury to take up seven and three-tenths bonds
and issue five-twenties for them, also authorizes
him to issue five-twenty bonds in exchange for
the seven-thirties ; and it also authorizes him,
if I understand it, to take up the ten-forty bonds,
the five per cent, bonds, and issue in their place
cither five-twenty six per cent, bonds or any
other kind of bonds bearing not more than six
per cent, interest in coin or seven and three
tenths interest in currency.
Now, is it possible that the Secretary' will
want to do this thing? Is it possible that the
interests of the country will demand the doing
of this thing, making this kind of exchange?
If not, why authorize it? If yon deem it better
to get these seven-thirty bonds all out of the
way, why not authorize him to receive the seven-
thirty bonds and issue in exchange for them
bonds bearing six per cent, interest in coin, and
let that be the extent of the authority you vest
in him in the way of exchange ?
But coming to the next clause of the bill,
which seems to be much more important, it is
on that clause that I want some advice. As I
first read it, I thought it vested in the Secre-
tary of the Treasury authority to make any
amount of bonds coming within the description
of the act. of 18G5, and to sell them anywhere
upon just such terms as he pleased; "that he
could sell them for ninety per cent., eighty per
cent., fifty per cent, if he saw fit, but the last
part of that cl ause provides that'1 nothing herein
contained shall be construed to authorize any
increase of the public debt." Is that designed
(I put the question for information) to deprive
the Secretary of the authority to sell any of
these bonds below par?
Mr. I'BSSENDEN. I do not suppose that
was the intention of the clause.
Mr. HOWE. Would if not have that effect
necessarily? If the Secretary issues one hun-
dred millions of bonds and gets in but ninety
millions of Treasury notes or certificates of in-
debtedness, does he not increase the public
debt to the extent of $10,000,000. Either he
must disregard that last clause or he must sell
not below par. If this bill be designed to au-
thorize the Secretary to sell bonds such as are
described in the act of ISGo below par, I am
utterly opposed to it. I conceive there is no
sort of necessity for investing him with such
authority, and I cannot conceive that anypolicy
can justify it, but I do think we should always
allow any public creditor holding any of these
notes which do not bear interest to exchange
those notes for the obligations of the Govern-
ment which do bear interest, and when we do
so enable him, (I believe the laws now author-
ize that,) I do not see what other authority the
Secretary wants for retiring those notes. Then
the holder of the notes who is the owner of
them can determine for himself whether he
would rather use them as money or turn them
into the Treasury and take interest-paying
bonds for them.
The proviso to this section, as I understand
it, instead of making the bill less objectionable
makes it more objectionable. The proviso
says to the Secretary that, although the hold-
ers of this money which does not bear interest
may come forward and pay in one hundred
or two hundred millions of it and take inter-
est-paying bonds, he shall not retire those
notes from circulation for a year. It says.to
him, "You shall not retire more than thirty-
four millions in the aggregate of these notes."
I conceive that in the regular course of busi-
ness the country will seek and will want to
retire a good deal more than thirty-four mil-
lions within a year. The necessity for this
very large and swollen circulation was abun-
dantly explained by the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Guthrie] just now. Previous to
this war all the use you had for circulation was,
so to speak, to aid the exchanges of the agri-
cultural products for the manufactured and
imported products of the country. When, as
the Senator from Kentucky remarked, the Gov-
ernment became almost the sole purchaser of
all those products there was nothing to do but
just pay outmoney for them, and if they had paid
gold for all these things the circulation would
have been increased just about as much as it
has been. The Government has done nothing
but pay its debts; that is all it has done, to in-
crease the circulation. The Government, is done
making those purchases; its army is disbanded
■ in the main; it has done making the purchases
| which it was compelled to make throughout
I the whole course of the war. Henceforth the
t old system of doing business is to be resumed;
| but the arrearages are not yet quite paid
j up. The Government is, therefore, disburs-
' ing largely to pay up those arrearages, and so
this plethora is not so acutely felt at the present
time-as I take it it would be if those arrearages
were paid up. When those arrearages are paid
and business assumes its old forms and shapes
and courses, I do not understand why we should
