788
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
F ehruarv 10,
claimed but as the extreme medicine of the
State, and not its daily bread: not, to fonml an
empire, but to save one. Thank God! the
occasion for these things has passed away. It
is no longer permissible to resort to the war
power for apologies for extreme measures, and
particularly such as are obviously unnecessary.
But there never was anything in that power to
Warrant the erection of a State by executive
proclamation. That is an act of legislation
that goes far beyond any example in British
history, even in the complying times of Henry
VIII, when a servile Parliament made itself
alike memorable and infamous by giving to
royal proclamations the force of law. I trust
we are not yet ready to emulate and even im-
prove upon this example. I do not relish the
exhumation from the repositories of the dead
J>ast of such engines of arbitrary power as
these. I would as soon think of going to the
Tower of London to borrow the material ap-
pliances that are still there to testify of the
tyranny and barbarism of the buried centuries
of England. There is a flavor about them that
is neither pleasant nor wholesome. If the
work done through such instrumentalities had
been in all respects what my owiv judgment
would have approved, I should have hesitated
long, on grounds of principle, even in the ab-
sence of any intended interference with the
rights of this body, before 1 would have given
my sanction to a precedent so fraught with mis-
chief for future times. I would not even mar
the pedigree of the returning States by allowing
a bar sinister in the escutcheon of any of them.
I do not care to be associated in history as a
member of the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the
United States along with the dishonored coun-
cil of the sixteenth century that betrayed the
rights of Englishmen by abdicating its powers
in favor of such claims as these. Crown law-
yers have only defended them in high pre-
rogative times as an expedient made neces-
sary by the unfrequeney of Parliaments. There
is no such apology in these cases. The very
object, as confessed by the undisguised hurry
to bring these new governments to our doors
at the opening of the session in full panoply
and compact array, was to anticipate the ac-
tion of Congress in the premises. The pres-
ent Executive, like his predecessor, has his plan
of organization. The proclamations drsclosoit.
He had a right, of course, to his opinions. He
was, however, a southern man, and a citizen of
one of the offending States. He was not likely,
therefore, to think inthe same way precisely as
the twenty millions of the loyal States who had
fought this great, battle, lie had never, if I mis-
take not, declared himself very strongly against
slavery, except so far as it was in antagonism
with the Union. His local associations and
prejudices of education were d priori almost
sure to arrest him at that point where a guar-
antee of the civil rights of the enfranchised class
should be demanded. He had been loval and
faithful under great trials. That fidelity had
made him the choice of the Union party of the
North for the second office in the Republic. The
bloody hand of treason opened the way for his
succession to the first. It had become his right
to advise, and his opinions were entitled at all
events to the highesL possible respect, but the
mode of enforcing thein vva  pointed out inthe
Constitution. It was only through Congress
that he could properly make them known, and
the very relation in which lie stood toward the
loyal States seemed to make it peculiarly ap-
propriate that he should take 110 stop without
at least conferring with their representatives.
He has not chosen to follow this course. I[e
has preferred to treat directly with the rebels
themselves, or to dictate as a conqueror such
terms of restoration as were agreeable to hint-
self. I will not say that this was done because he
apprehended the existence of a different opin-
ion here. but the effect is, that the opinion of
the Executive hurried into act in advance of our
assemblage—supposing such a difference not
impossible—is thus staked against the \vi il of the
representative oody. It ij the svvo.'d ofUren-
nuii iking mto the seal®. It looks to me—nay,
in tho light of the message it is—a challenge
to Congress and the free North upon a ques-
tion of jurisdiction in a case where their exclu-
sive cognizance is not even open to dispute,
which we cannot afford to decline, and upon
the acceptance or refusal of which will depend
the determination of the point Whether, in the
face of an executive edict, an opposing legisla-
tive will is possible.
If a claim of this sort was stoutly and suc-
cessfully resisted by our ancestors, when as-
serted by the Tudors and the Stuarts, how are
we to excuse ourselves to posterity for surrender-
ing it now to a mere temporary Executive of
our own choice, with powers so limited and so
accurately defined? I trust we have not become
so habituated to the exercise of a prerogative
like this as to have forgotten that there are
boundaries, which in a state of peace no depart-
ment of the (xovcrnracnt can safely be allowed
to pass. The danger throughout—tlso one pre-
figured by some of the leading spirits of the
Revolution: the one foreshadowed v. hen Pat-
rick Henry declared, ''Tour President will
be a King"—has been in this -direction only.
The vast discretion necessarily lodged in the
Commander-in-Chief in times like those through
which we have just passed, the extreme promi-
nence of his position, and the enormous influ-
ence arising from the control of an immense
expenditure, were almost sure to give to that
officer a greatly preponderating weight, and
to make the world—accustomed only to royal
laws and royal rule—believe that it was the
President alone, and not the Congress or the
people, who had saved this nation, and whose
business it was to restore it in all its parts.
And therefore it was that the same claim of
power in the proclamation of December, 1803,
provoked no animadversion here, while the
details of the presidential plan were subjected
to the severest criticism; and no special com-
plaint was made when the will'of the law-making
power was disregarded and overruled. And
therefore it was, too, that the House bill failed
on a second trial. And l'or the same reason it
is now that the press and politicians of the
nation, instead of controverting the power of
the Executive altogether to meddle with the
reorganization of these States, and denouncing
tho attempt on Ins pait as a clear usurpation,
have only complained in whispers and with
"bated breath," that he did not extend the
right of suffrage to the black man, while even so
intelligent a personage a s Robert Dale Owen has
referred to this work of reconstruction as the
greatest of the many difficult and responsible
duties which the termination of the war has de-
volved 011 the new President; and even the fierce
Democracy itself, which made the night of the re-
bellion hideous with its ululations about arbitrary
power, is either smitten dumb with admiration,
or swells the pcans of triumphant, treason with
a chorus of hallelujahs in honor of the wisdom,
that surprises and anticipates its wildest hopes.
It seems, indeed, to have been well-nigh forgot-
ten throughout the country, as well as at the
other end of the avenue, that we have a Con-
gress which is, under the Constitution, the law-
making power of this nation. People inquire
only what does the President intend ; while the
Associated Press ministers to their curiosity by-
daily bulletins, reporting every phase of the
imperial pulse, as though it were watching by
the bedside of royalty, and kindly informing us
all of the precise terms 011 which the President
has determined to readmit the traitors on this
floor. The time has now come, however, to
rectify these errors, and to assert and maintain
the rightful jurisdiction and powers of this body,
iff hey are ever to be asserted again. With tlie
highest admiration of the constancy and hero-
ism of the present Executive under the severest
trials, and with every disposition to support his
Administration so far as fidelity to my own high
trust will allow, L cannot consent that a ques-
tion like this, in which the interests of so many
generations are involved, shall be withdrawn
from the people of the loyal States, who have
suffered and sacrificed so largely, and settled
by the decision of any oue or even seven men,
no matter whence they come or what positions
they may hold. No more can I allow myself to
be instructed here, that while the power of set-
tling the terms of readmiasion is wnh the Presi-
dent, I have 110 jurisdiction as an American
legislator except to register the acts that lie has
done, and then humbly inquire as a member of
this House only, whether the candidates who
present themselves for admission here have
complied with the mere formalities which his
Legislatures have prescribed. It is here only,
in these Halls, that American liberty can live.
They are her inner sanctuary, her holy ofholies,
her strong tower of defense, her last refuge and
abiding place. Here are her altars, and here
her priesthood, it is only here, too, that my
own great State, whose blood has been poured
out like rain, and whose canonized dead are
now sleeping on every battle-field of freedom,
has been called into counsel during the last four
years. She has 110 voice elsewhere. On the
theory of the President and the results of his ex-
periments shehas given out 110 uncertain sound.
She bids her sons whom she has placed on guard
at the Capitol in this hour of the nation's trial,
stand faithfully, as did her heroes in the bloody
trench, by their trusts as Representatives, and
resist wiji jealous watchfulness every attempt
from whatever quarter to encroach upon the
just powers which she has delegated to them, if
tho performance of this duty should involve a
difference with the Executive of her own choice,
while she would deplore the necessity, she will
expect her Representatives to take counsel from
those who sent them here, alike unawed by the
frowns and unseduced by the blandishments of
power. I dread the conflict, which is not a new
0110 iu the woiid's history, but i cannot choose
but meet it when it comes; and 1 have a trust
that we shall yet be able to discuss tho gicat
question of the times, and to settle it. too, \\ iih-
out prejudice, and in utter oblivion of the fact
that the Executive has any theory 011 the sub-
ject. _ '
It has been said, however, by way of quieting
the public fears, that these plans were merely
experimental, and that 110 harm could come
of them, because, under the Constitution, Con-
gress must be the judge at last of the qualifi-
cations and eligibility of those who might pre-
sent themselves for admission to seats in that
body. The work accomplished, we are now
awakened to the fact that the power referred to
here is only that of each House acting sepa-
rately upon the qualifications of its own mem-
bers. While the Executive assumes the right
himself of founding new governments by a new
law declaring who shall vote, and settling by
telegraph the terms of their constitutions, he is
pleased to claim in his recent message for these
creatures of his own—other but stili the same—
with their vitalities repaired at that fountain
only—the right to resume, of course, and with-
out inquiry into his work or theirs, the places
which by an ingenious fiction they are supposed
to have before held in both branches of the
national Legislature, making, as he sav's, "1110
work ©('restoration thereby complete;" whilewe
are instructed in terms of unusual emphasis that
then it will be for us, " each of us for ourselves,"
to proceed to judge of the smaller matters of the
law in regard to ''the elections, returns, and
qualifications of our own members." These
instruetions are, perhaps, somewhat unusual,
and possibly not that kind of information pre-
cisely to which the Constitution refers, but I do
not quarrel with them 011 grounds of etiquette,
even though the advice may seem gratuitous, and
the jealousy of a British Parliament might have
regarded it as a breach of privilege. They are
not. it is true, exactly in accordance with the
tenor of the authorized report of Mr. Stearns,
which did convey the opinion that wo might
"check the^e new governments at any stage,
and oblige them to confess their errors." unless
it was intended to affirm that power only as the
special prerogative of the Executive himself.
Ihev are, ho-.vever, the official utterances, and
the apology assumes, of course, that there is 110
question oflegislatiou involved. With this in-
terpretation of its meaning there is nothing left
