2812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
word " paid " in line three thousand and eight
the following:
And that in all cases of seizure or suit, under an act
entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June 30,1864,
or any supplement or supplements thereto, a sale
shall be ordered by the proper authority, the Uni-
ted States marshal of the district in which such sale
shall be ordered shall be authorized to employ an
auctioneer, and to pay him out of the proceeds of such
sale a, commission not exceeding two and one half
per cent, on the gross amount of such proceeds.
The object of this amendment is to remove
a difficulty which occurs in some of the circuit
and district courts. There is a difference of
opinion between the judges of the circuit courts.
In New York and Massachusetts and Maryland
the judges invariably allow the marshal to have
a commission on selling, or in other words, to
employ an auctioneer who is skilled in selling,
whereby the Government is benefited. In the
courts of Pennsylvania the judges have gener-
ally thrown out these charges in the bills of the
marshal.
Mr. ALLISON. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman that this amendment ought not to be
inserted here. It would properly come in in
section fourteen or section twenty or section
twenty-eight. I presume there will be no
•objection to going back and considering this
subject hereafter. Section fourteen has been
reserved for future CGMssideration, and the gen-
tleman can offer his amendment to that section.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw my amendment
for the present.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This section has
been so modified by the amendments offered
by the committee, that I am not certain whether
the portion I propose to amend remains in it.
I move, however, to strike out the following
words:
It is hereby declared to he the true intent and
meaning of the present and of all previous provis-
ions of internal revenue acts granting shares to in-
formers, that no right accrues to or is vested in an
intormer in any case until the fine, penalty, or for-
feiture in such ease is fixed by judgment or compro-
mise, at which time the informer shall become enti-
tled to his legal share of the amount so adjudged or
agreed upon.
I find that this proviso is made retroactive,
and I should like to know why that is done.
I believe that there are some cases of claims
of informers pending against the Bureau of
Internal Revenue where very unfortunate com-
promises have been made by the Department.
I believe there is one in which the informer,
residing at Buffalo, New York, is interested,
and in which he claims $100,000 as his share
of the penalties. That case, I believe, was
settled by the Department in such a way that
it resulted in a loss to the Government of about
one hundred thousand dollars, and the informer
gets nothing at all, although he presented the
case in such a manner that all the facts were
developed and the fraud of the parties was
established. Now, if this provision is for the
purpose of covering up these unfortunate acts
of the Department to the detriment of those
who have ferreted out these frauds, then I
think it should be stricken out, or at least so
much of it as is retroactive.
Mr. ALLISON. So far as I understand
this provision, it is not put here for the pur-
pose of covering n]3 any transactions of the
Department; but it is for the purpose of mak-
ing that a part of the law which is now a matter
of construction in the Internal Revenue Bu-
reau. They have been very much annoyed
by informers, by collectors and assessors who
assume to be informers, who come in and pre-
vent adjustment in proper cases by saying that
they have an interest in the question of com-
promise and adjustment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will ask my col-
league [Mr. Allison] whether the informer in
the case to which I have referred has prevented
the adjustment or settlement of that case.
Mr. ALLISON. I am not familiar enough
with the case to know whether or not the
informer did prevent the adjustment of that
particular case.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Has not that case
been adjusted?
Mr. ALLISON. I know it has been ad-
justed, but I do not know whether or not the
informer in that case objected or assented to
the settlement. But I know he now claims as
his moiety the sum of $150,000, when it was
settled by the Government receiving, I believe,
only $200,000. Now, the object of this para-
graph is to leave this question of settlement
and compromise to the courts and the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, where it properly belongs,
and whatever rights may hereafter accrue, or
have heretofore accrued, shall be adjusted and
settled without any collector or informer inter-
fering with the question of adjustment, settle-
ment, or suit, after the question is adjudicated
either by the court or the Commissioner, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury.
I believe it is a just and proper provision, and
should be retained in the bill for the reason I
have stated.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. After the expla-
nation of my colleague, [Mr. Allison,] which
I think is entirely satisfactory to the commit-
tee, and I have no doubt will be to the Depart-
ment, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ROSS. ' I move to amend this para-
graph by adding to it the following:
And provided further. That no person shall be con-
victed on the testimony of an informer, unless the
material part of his testimony shall be corroborated
by other testimony.
I am opposed to this system of hiring in-
formers ; it is bad policy, it is a bad practice,
and I think it will have a bad tendency. Iam
very much surprised that the committee should
propose to inaugurate a system of that kind,
and have paid informers, interested in large
amounts, to testify against individuals for the
purpose of procuring their conviction. The
true theory is that the witness should stand
impartial in giving his testimony before a jury;
that is the old doctrine, the one adhered to in
the old maxims of law. But by this provision
we are ignoring this old fundamental principle,
and making it the interest of an individual to
perjnre himself in order to convict some per-
son that 'he may pocket the amount given as a
bribe for the perjury. I can never give my
assent to any system of that kind. 1 do not
think these persons should be convicted unless
they can be convicted as other persons are—
by fair and impartial testimony, without hiring
men to swear against them, and making it their
interest to perjure themselves in order to con-
vict somebody.
Mr. ALLISON. This provision is just what
it is in the present law. And the jury will be
able to judge of the testimony of the informer,
just as they do of the testimony of other per-
sons.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to call the attention
of the Committee of Ways and Means to the
fact that the modification which has been
adopted on the suggestion of the committee
with reference to the power given to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to compromise
renders some action necessary in regard to
another section of the old law. The forty-
fourth section of the act of 1865 gives the
Commissioner a general power to compromise
in all cases.
Mr. ALLISON. We have already amended
section forty-four and stricken out everything
with reference to the power of the Commis-
sioner to compromise. Everything upon that
subject is now embodied in the provision just
adopted.
Mr. THAYER. Then it is all right.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the paragraph the following:
Provided, That whenever in any action for a pen-
alty the informer may be a witness for the prosecu-
tion, the party against whom such penalty is claimed
may be, and shall be, admitted as a witness oil his
own behalf.
This amendment will bring our law into con-
formity to the statutes already adopted by sev-
eral States in reference to civil actions. I think
the proposition will commend itself to the favor-
able consideration of every member of this com-
mittee. It seems to me palpably unjust that
an informer who is directly interested in the
recovery of the penalty should be a witness to
enforce that penalty, while the party against
whom it is claimed is precluded from being a
witness. I have no desire to shut out the
informer, provided the party against whom the
penalty is claimed can be admitted. The
amendment refers simply to civil actions for
the recovery of a penalty.
Mr. ALLISON. If it applies only to civil
suits, I see no objection to the amendment.
Mr. HALE. The language is, "in any ac-
tion for a penalty."
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting before the word
''action" the word "civil."
Mr. COOK. I wouldlike to inquire whether
this is not the law now ; whether we have not
already enacted that all parties may testify in
civil suits in the United States courts.
Mr. ALLISON. That is the law now, I
think, in such States as permit parties to tes-
tify; but where the State law prohibits parties,.,
from testifying I believe they are not permit-
ted to testify in the United States courts.
Mr. COOK. I think there is no such restric-
tion. I am sure that in my own State every-
body testifies in the Federal courts, while in
the State courts no interested party is permit-
ted to testify.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "atany time," in line three
thousand and thirty-four, and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "and when paid or col-
lected so that the clause will read:
And when paid or collected the informer shall
become entitled to his legal share of the amount
so adjudged or agreed upon.
The amendment wa's agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. If the committee will give
its consent to revert to a paragraph already
passed, I move to amend by inserting after line
twenty-nine hundred and twenty the words
1' that schedule C be amended by striking out
the paragraph in relation to photographs."
There was no objection, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the paragraph the following:
Every person who shall reccive any money or other
valuable thing under a threat of informing or as a
consideration for not informing against any violation
of this act, shall, on conviction thereof, be punished
by a fine not exceeding $10,000 or by imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both, at the discretion of
the court, with costs of prosecution.
I have observed, Mr. Chairman, that in the
operation of the law now in force, there has
grown up among a very disreputable class of
men a practice of hunting out little infractions
of the law or little delinquencies; and not
content with hunting out offenses actually com-
mitted, they often bring about the perpetration
of offenses by their own acts. Then having
accumulated evidence against persons who
have either deliberately or unintentionally
violated the law, they make a speculation for
themselves by a compromise, in virtue of
which they agree for a consideration to with-
hold the information which they might give.
This practice is a source of great vexation to
citizens of the State in which I live, and has
brought our internal revenue law into great
disfavor among the people. This, I believe,
might be obviated by some such provision as
that which I propose.
Mr. MORRILL. The fine is too large.
Mr. PAINE. Then I modify it so as to
make it $2,000.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatsectionstwo,
five, eight, nine, and twelve of the act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30,1864," approved March 3,1865, be,
and the same aro hereby, repealed.
