1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to Congress hut to register the edicts and ratify
the work of the Executive. Taking it, however,
to bo otherwise, they are still not less obnoxious
to objection. It may be conceded that .States
have been admitted here without any precedent
legislation, though none, I think, where they
were organized under the direction ol' the mili-
tary power, and none, certainly, without the
concurrent vole of the two Houses. By those,
moreover, who think that these S at.es were never
out. it will be insisted, in accordance with the
executive idea, that they want 110 recognition,
and the refusal of Congress to admit their mem-
bers will be only regarded as a denial of right.
But the mere negative of either House upon
the question oftheir admission isapowergreatly
inferior to that which presides over their organ-
ization and prescribes the law by which the
formative process is to be regulated—just as
inferior as the veto lodged by the Constitution
m the hands of the Executive is to the initiative
of the Legislature. The builders will work ac-
cording to that law, and as it prescribes, so will
the structure be. As wo sow. we must expect
to reap. "Moil do not gather grapes from
thorns, or figs from thistles." Thus, if a privi-
leged class is to elect the delegates, their work
will be in accordance with ihe principle of their
Origin, and will be submitted, if submitted at
all. for approval or rejection to the same par-
ties who inspired it; and if the government so
framed is to be recognized because it professes
to be a representative one, the right ot declar-
ing it* whole fundamental law might a-well be
accorded to the Executive as that of declaring
a part of it, and assembling a convention to
alter or amend that part, 'there was no occa-
sion. however, for experiments of this sort,
whose only tendency is to forestall the action
of the legislative power, or to bring about a mis-
chievous'*conflict'between the two blanches of
the Government. If this is propeily a legisla-
tive and not an executh c function—as nobody
can successfully deny—the President has his
veto, at all events, upon the action ol Congress.
He cannot invert the order and change the con-
stitutional relation by initiating an actof legis-
lation, and leaving to Congress only a negative
voice thereon, particularly in a ca«e wheie the
voters named by himself are expressly endowed
with the power'to restore the State to its con-
stitutional relations with the federal Govern-
ment. and to present such form of government
as will entitle it to the guarantee of the United
States, and where, of course, it is expected that
their work shall be conclusive.
It will be said, perhaps, in reply to all this,
that the object here was not to found a State
government, but to allow the legal voters 0! the
old regime the privilege of altering and amend-
ing their original forms of government, so as
tolrostore them to their constitutional relations,
and entitle them to the benelit of the guarantee.
It is not to be disputed that these are a part
of the objects stated in the proclamations. I
will not say that this was done by way of protest
against the logical conclusion from their prem-
ises, from the whole character of the act itself,
and the assumption of pow er which it involved,
that the measure was a revolutionary one as
Governor Orr admits it to have been. 1 shall
be excused, however, for suggesting that it was
unfortunate that the law adviser^of the Govern-
ment— peihaps its political Xest-or —slioitid
have overlooked in this a departure trom hi& own
premises, that could scarcely have been excused
in a junior pleader in the northern States. ^ lie
had obviously forgotten the recital 011 wnicu
these proclamations rest —the postulate that
"the revolutionary progress of the rebellion had
deprived these -States of ail civil government
whatever.'' and the declaration that the purpose
of these conventions wasto enable the loyal peo-
ple ofthe^e Territories not ''to alteroramend
their constitutions, but " to organize, or con-
struct anew, where the original government was
admitted to have perished. heneverhe shall
be able to explain how a constitution can exist
in a Government that has been altogether de-
■stroved. or why he should have treated the pro-
cess of Grguuittatioi! tu a mere pro'tJcs?. 01 repair.
I should be glad to hear from him. The man
who reachcs this conclusion fiomiiis premises,
will have " no narrow irith to cross.-' 1 hope
i shall not be considered uncharitable, however,
m suggesting that all this inconsequential logic
looks to me as if it was the etfeet of an unhappy
struggle to escape the consequences of a doc-
trine which was felt to be necessary in order to
raise the power in the President, and is then
discarded, after having served that use, in order
to remove the case from the jurisdiction of Con-
1 gress. It will require something more, I think.
1 than either the subtlety of a northern piaee-
j man or the exploded metaphjsies of a Ken-
! tucky statesman, to icconcile any one step in
the action of the Government, witli the idea of
| the continuing existence of the Stales.
) In the same spirit, however, apparently, that
! prompted the softening down of an organi-
! zation into a mere question of alteration and
I amendment, there is a studied avoidance of a
j phraseology that has found acceptance here
j without even provoking criticism. We called
! this heretofore, in our simplicity, by the liarin-
! less name of''reconstruction.'' 'Ihe Attorney
| General protests, like Bardoiph, "by this light
j I know not the phrase," ami straightway our
I nomenclature falls into dis 'eputc. Y> ell, 1 am
; ready to maintain, if necessary, 111 the language
i of the same dramatic personage, that it is "a
1 very soldier-like word, and of exceeding good
i command.'' It is the merest hypercrlticism to
j object its application to the adjustment of our
! relations v.'itli tii0 revolting States; but what-
1 ever difference there uiaj be here, it is impossi-
] bic-1'11 at there can be any dt-pine among scholars
! in regard to its precise aliunde in describing the
] reorganization of a State. The question js loo
j big. however, to be settled in this way. if any-
i body piefci'stlie v. ord " restoration.'' lhaveno
J objection apart from it- historical sijmticancc.
I It was the pnrase used on the return of the
j Stuarts, i hope it is not ominous. Clmiiesll
■ came back without conditions, notwithstanding
j the efforts of llaie. who endeavored to secure
1 them, but was put down by the assurances of
; General Monk, (1 hope we are to Lave 110 Gen-
i e al Monk in this case.) Bishop Burnet says
■ that this emisS 011 was the cau&e of all theerrors
1 of his reign, which it required the Revolution
j to cure. 1 know that there ts a confidence hete.
! and a longing in some quarters, not unlike thai
j of the -laeomtcs ot England, for the return of
I the self-exiled royal family of the South, but I
1 trust we are not about to lay the foundation for
! another revolution bj the same mistake. Apart
i from this, I repeat that I am indifferent as to j
; (he word. It is sufficient for me that it implies,
1 if not destruction, at least derautrcraent. dis-
turbance, displ.teeim lit. The ^revolting States
I ha\o. by a new law, deflected from their orbits.
| gatheie'd round a new center, and ce-ased to
, compose a part of our system or to be obedient
to its law. They want renewal or regeneration.
: They require to be brought back by an interior
i adjustment that will reinstate the law that has
1 been broken. They are i'11 the system, and
| compose a partol it only dfjurc, ^sobodycaii
|i say that they are there in point of fact, because
f that would contradict not only our knowledge,
,1 but our senses. Something, it. is admitted on
i; all hands, must be done to reestablish their re-
|l lations vutli the Union. They cannot do it
|| themselves. Xobody pretends that by the mere
I' repeal of their secession ordinances they can
if resume their places bore as they inigtU do ir
they have not withdrawn—in virtue of their
!! original title, and with all their rights and priv-
'! ileges unabridged. Their Legislatures have
1; been even foibidden to assemble. rIhe Exec-
;i utive lhinks that by their act of treason the eh- j
1 izens consenting thereto have iorfeited their ;
i! highest political right—that of ►eK-goyeramont ]
1; —and that to this extent their constitutions—
t| not as they stand now, but as they stood before
i[ the rebellion—are practically abrogated, lie
j! thinks, too, obviously, that by their abdication
i or dereliction—as in thecase of James 11—the
il sovereianty has lapsed—but not to us. A com-
,1 mittee of the last House insisted that it returned
I; to flu. Conq'tftt'cd people. He claim: it for him>
self, and accordingly sets aside their Legisla-
tures. Governors, and judges, reconstitutes the
body-politic, declares who shall be its mem-
bers, and appoints a provisional governor to
keep the peace and call the privileged pa;tics
together to organize a new government. And
all this is cailcd amendment, upon the ingenious
suggestion that they are to build on the sub-
stratum of their dead constitutions! No cun-
ning phraseology, no artifice of words, however,
can change the nature of a thing. The reenaet-
ment of a part of an abrogated law, either with
or without addition, is no amendment. They
might as well have taken the constitution of
Penrifylvania to work upon, and in cither case
the product would have been a new constitution.
But why so studiously insist on the avoidance
of other phraseology than this? Because, as it
is urged, although the people of a State may
destroy their government, it still subsists in
gremio legis, or. in the language of the message,
following that of an ingenious southern Gov-
nor, "in abeyance," or, as lawyers would phrase
it, in the clouds—011 the charitable hypothesis
that suicide is impossible, becausc it is forbid-
den, and, therefore, by a pleasant fiction, all
those pregnant acts that liav e scarred a conti-
nent with tiro, and covered it with ruins, are
simply void, and to be ignored as nullities. And
this we are now informed by the Executive is
the true theory." it is undoubtedly the con-
venient one—lor the traitors—because it fur-
nishes 110 solution of the great problem of the
times, except in the surrender of'ail control over
thorcbclhor.s States, and Ihe restoration oftheir
people without conditions and with absolute
immunity for all their crimes. Why it is the
tiue one, he has not vouchsafed to show. I
know, of course, that (lie high functionary who
dispenses the patronage of such an empire as
tnis is not always expected to render a reason
when he chooses to dogmatize, and that, in the
view of but too many of the leaders of public
opinion, it is impossible l'or such a man to err.
Yv itli a practice, however, so entirely at variance
with this theory, and an admission, too, in (lie
same breath, that " the policy of military rule
over a conquered territory" —the very rule under
which all that region lias been governed, and
all these States reconstructed during the recess
of Congress—' would have implied that, by the
act of their inhabitants, thc-y had ceased to
exist,'' it would not tunc been unreasonable to
expect an explanation ofthccoursethat hasbeen
actually pursued within the jurisdiction ofinde-
pendent Stales, that enjoyed the rare advantage
—unhappily denied to our race—of being inca-
pable of sin, and equally unobnoxious to the
penalty of death. The only answer thathe could
have made would have been thai the doctrine,
although good as a theory, was good for nothing
else, because it would not work, and was utterly
inadmissible in practice. rl he State, however,
in the judgment ol the President, still lives, with
only an "impaired vitality," although its gov-
ernment has been destroyed. It is dead, (o bo
sure, as Lazarus; in no mere trance, where the
vital'forces arc still holding the organization
together, but with all its elements putrescent or
decomposed ; but then there is a power in the
Executive, beyond the kingly touch that purged
the leprous taint from the blood of the believ-
ing, that can aw aken it from the sleep of death,
lead it forth 111 it., grave-clothes, tide it. safely
over the frith of a four years' rebellion, and
bridge over the unfathomable gulf that during
all this time has divided it from the living! Yes,
while it is admitted again and again that the
old State governments were lost beyond even
the means' of self-resurrection. this_ modern
Phoenix is supposed by some mysterious con-
veyance. by some metempsychosis unkuown to
the philosophers of Greece or the priesthood
of the Nile, and only rivaled by tlie imposture
of the Grand Lama himself, to have inherited
the vital breath of the defunct State govern-
ment. though that State government, dead to
us. if not dead altogether, lias transmigrated
into the confederacy. and now lies buried among
its riuus. But let us examine this new reve-
lation.
