1866.
THE COMGKESSIOKAL GI'QBE.
3773
this case. I know how personal appeals have
been made to_ stand by the sitting member. I
have noticed it, and whether honorable or not, ,
I leave it to the friends of the sitting member
to determine.
Mr. ROSS. As the other side have more
thansufficient majority to pass, laws over the
President's veto, I do not see that there is any
political reason why they should turn out any
more members on this side. We have now
only members enough to cal^theyeas and nays,
and I ask why the gentleman will not let us
remain as we are.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I am
glad the gentleman has put the question in
that way. I say those gentlemen have treated
the soldiers' vote with reproach and contumely.
They have tried in every possible way to dis-
franchise them. Still, if any member is legally
elected, I am in favor of giving him his seat.
I admit that I have been in the habit of voting
with the committee, although I do not know
that their recommendation was always right.
Mr. ROSS. Did you notvote with the com-
mittee to turn out some members on this side
who were entitled to their seats?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman asks me whether I did not vote to
turn out some members on that side who were
entitled to their seats. I will say that none
were turned out who were not turned out by
the judgment of the committee; but some have
•been retained who ought not to have been re-
tained, because I do not believe they were
elected by the people. I know the power of
personal influence. It is very easy for me to
go and ask an old friend to stand by me. It is
not very difficult to get a member who has not
examined the question to say he will not vote to
turn out a member wifh whom he is acquainted.
Knowing what an effort has been made to keep
out the soldiers' vote, believing the committee
has come to a wrong conclusion, knowing that
four members of the committee, refuse to sign
the report, I leave the case to the House with
the hope that the House will do justice to this
contestant.
I have much more which I would like to say
but which I am precluded from saying by want
of ti*ne. The contestant presented his case
fully to the committee, and if the House will
examine it I am sure they will agree with me
that it is unanswerable.
Mr. MIDLER obtained the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
permit me, I would like to say a few words in
response to a remark made by his colleague,
[Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. MILLER. I will yield to the gentleman
if it does not come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It will not come out of
the gentleman's time.
Mr. MILLER. Then I have no objection
to yielding.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the merits of tlje question now before the
House. It is in the hands of gentlemen who
have studied it more thoroughly than I have,
and are abler to do justice to the report of the
committee, and I should not have said a word
had it not been for a remark that I was very
much surprised to hear fall from the lips of
the gentleman who has just taken his seat, and
that remark, I think, was unworthy of him and
unworthy of his position as a member of this
House.
Mr. Speaker, I have listened here during a
long session to a great many discourteous
remarks made by gentlemen of the majority
toward the minority on this floor. It has been
the dailypractice for gentlemen upon the other
side of the House to sneer at the motives of
gentlemen of the minority, and to speak of us
as if we were not governed by the ordinary
motives which actuate gentlemen and legisla-
tors acting upon their oaths and with all the
responsibilities of their position resting upon
them. It has been deemed a sufficient answer
to any arguments that might be made from this
side of the House that they came from Demo-
crats, and the sneer "secessionists,'® "copper-
[ heads, traitors,"sympathizers with .the
I rebellion," and the like, have been deemed a
conclusive and. overwhelming answer to any
arguments.
Now, I wish to say right here that gentlemen
who cannot discuss the principles of a measure
without attacking the, motives and character of
those who happen to disagree with them -are
unworthy of seats in a great deliberative body
like this. It is disgraceful to the House and
disgraceful to the country that great measures
cannot be discussed here by gentlemen with-
out impugning the motives and the character
of gentlemen who happen to differ from those
who are discussing those measures. When these
general flings have been made against this side
of the House, however unjust, or discourteous,
I have not been disposed to mingle in the de-
bates, or to attempt to reprove those guilty of
conduct which I think disgraceful to the couiv
try. But I understood the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Lawrence,] whom I have
regarded with great respect to say that the
majority report in this case was made up
by the concurrent votes of two gentletnen of
the Democratic party, and .that without their
votes' there wpuld have been no majority in
favor of the sitting member in this ease, and
that those gentlemen of the Democratic party
would vote for a member of their own party
without any regard whatever (to the merits of
tiie ess©.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to explain ? He has
certainly misunderstood me.
Mr. MARSHALL. Of course I will.
_ Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. * I de-
sire to repeat what I did state. I said this:
that the gentleman from Wisconsin who made
this report spent half an hour in attempting to
prove that this report was the report of a ma-
jority of the committee. I admitted that it was
the report of the committee, but I said that the
Democratic members of the committee had,
during this session, voted uniformly on all oc-
casions for their own friends. The gentleman
from Illfnois knows that there is no gentleman
upon the other side of the House for whom I
have a higher'regard than I have for him, but
I ask him if my statement is not true.
Mr. MARSHALL. You are mistaken in
regard to that. ,,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. If I
am mistaken, I stand corrected; but I under-
stand that in the'Voorhees case the Democratic
members of the committee voted to sustain Mr.
Voorhees.
Mr. .MARSHALL. Yes, sir; they did.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. In the
Dodge case, did they not vote to sustain Mr.
' Brooks ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. In the
case of Koontz vs. Coffroth, you sustained Cof-
froth.
Mr. MARSHALL. In those three cases you
are right and we were right.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. In the
case of Fuller against Dawson, they voted to
sustain Mr. Dawson.
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. In the
case of Mr. Baldwin, of Michigan, they voted
for Mr. Baldwin, although there was a majority
of five or six hundred'for Mr. Trowbridge.
Mr. MARSHALL. I remind the gentleman
of the case of Follett against Delano.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Oh,
there was no real contest in that case. I want
the gentleman to understand that I have no
personal feeling toward him. I am only stating
facts.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not understand the
gentleman yet to say that he did not make the
remark which I understood him to have made,
that we would vote for our own side without any
regard to .the merits of the case. What I
intended to say was that this mode of discuss-
ing questions, so frequently indulged in by gen-
tlemen, by attacking the motives and character
of those who happen to differ from them, is
illegitimate and disgraceful .to the House and
the country. , ' .
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will have it so I cannot help it. If
they will vote so they must bear the blame.
Mr. MARSHALL. That is no answer to
what I have said. I said, and I repeat it, that
this mode ofdiscussioa, which has been adopted
to a great extent by gentlemen upon the other
side of the House .during this session, is dis-
reputable to the House and the country, and
for myself, personally, I do not intend to sub-
mit to it any longer.
Now, I would not have made these remarks
had not the gentleman alluded personally to
myself, because I happen to be a member of
the Committee of Elections. And I wish to
say that while I do not claim to be free from
the imperfections of human nature, while I
know that all men are sometimes unconsciously
misled in their judgments by their preconceived
ideas or predilections, when any gentleman im-
putes to me motives other than those which
ought to actuate a gentleman and-a legislator
under the high responsibility of his oath and
his position, he does that which is unworthy
of him and he makes a charge which is in fact
false.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr,
Speaker, I williiot bandy words with my friend
on the other side of the House. He knows
that I have a high personal respect for him, as
much as I have for any member of the Dem-
ocratic party. The gentleman will admit that
he has been so long associated with that party
that it would be difficult for him to differ with
them in opinion. I do not say that he does
these things dishonestly at all—not by any
means. I have simply stated facts. Let the
gentleman explain the facts away and not
abuse me.
sufferers by the portland fire.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Formt,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution's. R. No. 129) to
authorize the President to place at the disposal
of the authorities of Portland, Maine, tents,
camp and hospital furniture, and clothing for
the use of families rendered houseless by the
late fire, in which he was directed to ask the .
concurrence of the House.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up the joint resolution which has
just been received and put it on its passage.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first, second, ana third time,
and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the fable. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. MOULTON asked and obtained leave
of absence for the remainder of the session for
his colleague, Mr. Cullom.
election contest again.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I consider this
case one of very great importance, not only to
our State bat to the whole United States. In
1790 a constitution was adopted by the State
of Pennsylvania, and on the 29th of Marc'h,
1813, an act of Assembly was passed under that
constitution giving to soldiers in the field the
right to vote. No person ever questioned the
consti t utionality of thatact,n obody ever doubted
it. And that law remained undisturbed until
1838.
In 1837 a convention was called in the State
of Pennsylvania for the purpose of forming a
new constitution, and in 1838 that now consti-
tution was adopted. In framing that constitu-
tion a few words were changed from what they
were in that of 1790. On the 2d of July, 1839,
a law was passed by the Legislative Assembly
of Pennsylvania and approved by the Governor,
by which citizens of that State who were sol-
diers in the Army of the United States wero
allowed to exercise the right of the elective fran
