1866.
THE CON"G-KESSIONAL GLOBE:
180S
need a vast deal more money to do the busi-
ness of the country hereafter than we did before
the war. At aii events, I should be very un-
willing to say to the Secretary of the Treasury,
as this proviso does say, that no matter if one
hundred or two hundred millions of this non-
interest-paying paper be taken into the Treas-
ury in exchange for bonds yon must still keep
it there in the form of circulation and disburse
it in the regular disbursements of the Treasury.
I think when one hundred more millions of
bonds are issued in exchange for one hundred
millions of Treasury notes, we ought to cancel
those Treasury notes and thenceforth they
ought to cease to do the work of rnone^.
But, as I said before—and that is pretty much
all I want to say—certainly if it is the purpose
of this bill to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell a bond of the United States now, in
a time of peace, bearing any rate of interest
that he puts upon it under the bill, at less than
its face, I am opposed to it. I agree, also,
entirely with the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Ciiaxdler,] that although we cannot very well
exclude the people of any country from coming
hero and buying our bonds, yet I am opposed
utterly to putting any word into this Anil which
will seem like clothing the SecrCTary of the
Treasury with authority to go to England, or to
go anywhere outside of the limits of the United
States, to peddle the credit of the United States.
If there ever was any necessity for that, that
necessity has passed. I am one of those who
believe there never was a particle of necessity
for it, and the result has verified this statement.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, the main
object of this bill is to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to provide for the maturing obli-
gntions of the Government, with a view to a
return to specie paymentsat.au early day. We
all agree that it is a duty of the .Government to
make provision for its debts as they mature.
The only question is one of time, whether the
present is the proper time to make provision
1'or these maturing obligations. Three hun-
dred millions, in round numbers, will become
due next year, in August. It has been said
here this morning that the Secretary of the
Treasury should remain in his scat, do nothing
until that debt matures, and then sell bis bonds.
It seems to mo that in order to maintain the
Credit of the Government those negotiations
should be made a long way in advance ; and
it seems to me, also, that the present is a very
favorable time to commence those negotiations.
The money markets of the world are now easy,
and the Secretary of the Treasury will have no
difficulty in commencing to provide for those
obligations at this time. There may come a
period before these debts mature when it may
be extiemely difficult$for him to sell bonds at
prices that would bo satisfactory to the Gov-
ernment.
Our debt is unprecedentcdly large ; we had
never anything like it before; we are experi-
menting to a certain degree ; and while these
loans wiilbe effected, as they have been effected
before, in the principal cities of the United
States, and the money will be loaned by our
own people, probably all of it, yet 1 see no
impropriety in leaving it optional to get it else-
where if it can be obtained elsewhere on better
terms.
A word as to the question of power. Large
discretionary power must be lodged with some-
body ; and why not with the Secretary of the
Treasury? He is the proper oflicer,the finan-
cial officer of the Government. It is not a new
thing to give largo powers to the Secretary of
the Treasury. On the 3d of March, 18C3, Con-
gress passed a law by which it was provided:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho
is hereby, authorized to borrow, from time to time,
on the eiedit of the United States a sum not ox-
coedm? ■jWirt.OOO.OOO for the current fiscal year, and
$60u,0t)u,nu0 for the next fis-cal year, and to issue there-
for coupon or registered bonds, payable at tho pleas-
ure of the (Jovcrnmcnt after sueh peiiods :i-: may be
fixed by the Secretary, notless than ten nor more than
fortyyears tioni date, meoin.and of suohdenoniina- :
tions, not less than liitv dollars, as he may deem
expedient, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding (1
six percent, per annum, payable on bund* not exceed- ;i
ing felUO annually, and on all other bonds somi-an-
nually, iu com; and lie may, in hisdisteetion, dispose
of such bonds at, nny time, upon such terms as he may
deem most advisable, for lawful money of the United
States, or tor any ol the eertiticates of indebtedness
or deposit that, may at any time be unpaid, or for
any ot the Treasury notes heretofore issued or which
may be issued under the provision of this act."
The power given under that law resulted in
great good to the country ; I do not know that
it is too much to say that it saved the credit of
the Governmental; that time. That was a very
dark period in the history of the war; and but
for this authority, this large discretion, it is not
at all certain but that we should have experi-
enced embarrassment that we could not have
overcome.
I am in favor of this bill just as it is. I am
in favor of it because I think the power must
be given to some officer of the Government,
and of course it must be given to the Secretary
of the Treasury. lam in favor of his'exer-
cising that power now before the debts mature.
I am in favor of his keeping a \ery large amount
of money on hand. I am sure that the result
of the revenues of the present year will be
a serious disappointment to the expectations
formed by some. I see no harm at all in this
hill. I happened to be on the committee to
which it was referred ; I favored it there, and
I hope it will be passed by the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I am also in favor of this
bill. I really can see no possible objection to
it. Tt is exceedingly simple and obvious as a
remedy. We lia^e a large number of debts
falling due along at various times during the
next eighteen months. This bill simply pro-
poses to exchange the securities now outstand-
ing for those debts for others running a longer
time. That is the -whole of it. The debt is not
to he increased by the operation. The only
thing that perhaps might be liable to some ob-
jection is tho fact that tho Secretary is author-
ized to take up securities payable on demand
not bearing interest; but the proviso limits
him so that he cannot retire more than ten
'millions of that kind of currency until within
six months of the passage of tho act and not
more than $ 1,000, OUO in any month after that
time. No possible objection can be made to
the exchange of our short securities for long
ones where the interest is the same. However,
it might be said it would be improper to take
up notes not bearing interest and give bonds
in exchange for them which the bill does ; but
that mischief, if it be a mischief at all, can only
be to the extent limited in the proviso; it can-
not go any further.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him? If he understands the bill
aright, I do not. Under this bill, has not the
Secretary of the Treasury the right to dispose
of three, four, or five hundred millions of bonds
in exchange for Treasury notes and certificates
of indebtedness?
Mr. COWAN. Unquestionably, and they
are to be retired; but if he receives in ex-
change for these bonds United States notes,
that is, demand notes not bearing interest, he
can only retire to the amount of $34,000,000
in the year, and those are to be retired and
canceled and put out of existence.
Mr. IIOWE. NTow, suppose that he sells
§200,000,000 of new bonds in exchange for
§200,000,000 of Treasury notes, §3-1,000,000 of
the §200,000,000 will be retired.
Mr. COWAN". They will all be retired if
he receives Treasury notes.
Mr. HOWE. Is that so?
Mr. COW AX. They will all be retired if
he receives nothing but Treasury notes. If he
should receive $34,000,000 of demand notes
he may retire $34,000,000. If he receives
§50.000,000-of demand notes he cannot retire
more than §>34,000,000; he will still retain on
hand the other $16,000,000.
Mr. HOWE. Then the Government would
owe that §16,000,000. That would bean out-
standing obligation.
Mr. COW ANT. The Government will have
that in possession as cash on hand.
Mr. 11 OWE. But if it, pays it out, the Gov-
ernment will still ove it.
Mr. COWAN. ..Certainly, it will still remain
in circulation.
Mr. IJOWiS. And the Government will owe
the fifty millions of bonds, Then will not
the debt be increased? That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. COWAN. It cannot possibly be in-
creased, because the $16,000,000 will be cash
on hand, and with that $16,000,000 you may
buy Treasury notes or anything you please, and
retire them to the same extent. It does not
increase the debt a copper; it is simply an
exchange of securities. It is to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to exchange before
they become duo short-running securities for
long ones ; that is the whole of it.
•* Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine
says that there is very little in this bill, not
much, not quite enough. Sir, I say there is
everything in it. It is a surrender of the Treas-
ury and all its safeguards into the hands of one
man. You say to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, "Do just what you will, when you please,
and as you please, with all the indebtedness
of this Government''—a power which no one
single man ever yet possessed on earth or ever
will again if this bill does not pass, I presume.
If there was a present pressing necessity for
giving this power or any other I would grant it;
but there is no necessity whatever. Every one
of your seven-thirty Treasury notes is redeem-
able at the option of the holder at the end of
three years in five-twenty bonds. That is a
part of the contract you made with every man
who has taken one of your seven-thirty bonds,
that at his option he can demand and receive
a five-twenty bond for it.
Now, the Senator from New York says that
there are $300,000,000 that will mature in the
next year. If the Secretary of the Treasury
will step into the, market to-day and say, "I
will give you three hundred millions of five-
twenty bonds," he will have nothing maturing
next year, for the bonds would all be taken
within thirty days. He has that power now;
it is all the power he needs, and all he ought
to have. Then why, at this late day, step out
of j our own beaten track to give him an abso-
lute control over all the indebtedness of the
Government? The Senator says he will not
use it; it will not be his interest to use it. I
hope he will not; I hope that the dangers which
I fear are groundless; but why give the powers
contained in this bill to any one man? You
authorize him to take up your 1881 bonds: you
authorize him to take up your five-twenty
bonds; you place the whole $2,TOO,000,000in
his hands to do just as he pleases—a power
which was never given to any one man, and
never will be again.
What is our present condition? Ourreeeipts
are lessening our debt monthly; the credit of
the Government is appreciating daily. To-day
your bonds are more valuable than they were
thirty days ago; and they were thirty days ago
more valuable than they were sixty days ago.
I agree perfectly with the Senator from Ohio,
that if the Secretary of the Treasury should sit
behind his desk and pay his interest, and let
the credit of the Government take care of itself,
it is the best thing he can do at this time. If
he is afraid that next year he cannot negotiate
three hundred millions of seven-thirties, let him
to-day step in the market and say, " I will ex-
change five-twenties for three hundred millions
of seven-thirties,'' and in one week there will
not be a dollar of them on hand. We have care-
fully guarded against long loans during the
whole war; we have carefully guarded against
high interest for a long period. We have paid
seven and three tenths per cent, interest be-
cause the necessities of the Government required
it; and that was the lowest rate at which we
could borrow our money for currency. We
have used five-twenties, used them successfully,
and used them throughout. Why not now to-
day say to the Secretary of the Treasury, "You
may issue five-twenties : if you are afraid they
will not be taken next year, issue them this
year : negotiate two or three hundred millions,
and be a year in advance?" I do not object
