^90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February- 10,
If the acts done by these States had involved j
only a question of excess of power, as in the j
case of a law enacted by a. State Legislature in i
violation of the fundamental law, this view of
the case might have derived support from the
doctrinethatprevailsin such eases. Here, how-
ever, the fundamental law itself was changed by
the very power that enacted it. "Whether right-
fully or not. in view of their Federal relations,
is notnowthequestion. It is sufficient that they
did, in point of fact, erect new governments upon
the ruins of the old. And this, although it had
been expressly forbidden, could not, in the na-
ture ofthings, beprevented. There was nothing
in the Constitution of the United States that
could hinder the perpetration of an act either
of treason or suicide. They might have allowed
their governments to perish by omitting to sup-
ply their integral members, or they might have
withdrawn, as they did, from the Federal con-
nection by entering into other alliances, dis-
claiming its authority, and refusing to obey its
law, or take any part in the administration of
itsaffairs. All this they did, and more. It was
the act of the people themselves. There was
no interregnum. They carried their constitu-
tions into their new"relations—changed, it is
true, in this particular, but still republican in
form. They might have changed them into
monarchies. Their new establishments are now
overthrown. But how is this to revive others
that are admitted to have previously perished ?
Nobody pretends that it could. The proclama-
tions themselves admit that they have been left
without governments and without means of re-
covery except at the hands of the Executive.
Can it be truly said, then, that any portion of
the original structure wasresened from the gen-
eral wreck? If there was, then how much, and
who shall declare it? True, one of the objects
stated is to enable them to restore themselves.
But does anybody insist that they can do it?
Is this consistent with the grounds on which the
proclamations rest? If the\ can. what is to be
said in apology for executive interference? If
they can. what is to be said of the other object de-
clared in these instruments, which isto enable
the people of these States to present such forms
of government as will entitle them to the ben-
efit of the constitutional guarantee, by restoring
them to their constitutional relations, and their
people, therefore, to protection from invasion,
insurrection; and domestic violence? " What
does all this mean? If they were States in the
Union, it required no process of organization '
or restoration to confer on them the advantage '
of these rights, because they were entitled to
them already by the very letter of the Consti-
tution. It is because they are not, because
they have been "deprived of all civil govern-
ment whatever," that the President proposes
to make them so, and to endow them with these
rights anew by reannexing and bringing them
again into theFederal connection—from which
they have been confessedly detached—upon a
new title, byhi.sown act, and without any agency
of ours. It is a confession of outlawry which
110 legal acumen, no ingenuity of phrase, can j
explain away, and it is worse than idle to quib- ;
ble upon forms of expression in the face of such
an admission.
But supposing these State constitutions to be
still in force as they existed antecedently to the
passage of the several ordinances of secession,
on the ground that all that has been enacted since
in violation of the -Federal law was simplv void, ,
what then was the occasion for any amendment; :
and whence does the President derive his au-
thority to interfere at all, and to change the law
as it stood before, even on the subject of amend- '
ments? In that case they may return, of course,
whenever they think proper, without any legis-
lation whatever. Why await the repeal of an
act that is absolutely void ? What is to pre-
vent them from coming back with their"consti- ;
tntions a 3 they are? Taking it to be a question [
of amendment only, it is clearly in their dis- ■
cretion to amend or not; and if they arc still !
in the Union, there is no power here or else- !
where to say what amendments they shall make, i
or that they shall not resume their places here
without alteration of any sort. The executive
branch of the Government admits, however,
that something must be done to restore these
outlaws to their original status in the Union.
The war has resulted, as we agree in thinking,
in the emancipation of the slave, and the de-
struction of the elective franchise along with
the government; and these things must be in
some way acknowledged. They are unques-
tionably forfeitures ; but should they refuse to
recognize them, that refusal would, on his hy-
pothesis, constitute no sufficient reason for
excluding them. The question of the effect of
the proclamation of freedom is one that belongs
to the courts, and you cannot draw it within
the jurisdiction of Congress or the President,
except by assuming that those States are out
and must be formally readmitted. In that case
you may prescribe terms. Without that you
must open when they knock, without iuquiry
as to their constitutions, with which you will
then have nothing to do. To stipulate for the
acknowledgment of these things is but to treat
for their readmission on that basis, and amounts
to no more or less than a compromise will) a
belligerent, and they may reject the conditions
because you can impose no terms of amend-
ment upon them.
Taking it, however, that their constitutions
do require to be amended for these purposes,
how is this work to be done? Not by execu-
tive direction certainly. The President has no
more power to set up a new class of electors in
South Carolina than in Massachusetts. There
is but one way. and that is in accordance with
the law which they prescribe themselves, which
must have survived if any part of their consti-
tutions did. The process which ignores that
law, as the proclamations do, is radical and
revolutionary, and is 110 less in effect than ab-
solute reconstruction. The sovereign power of
the people may act in this way undoubtedly,
but when it docs there is ail end of the existing
government.
A word now as to the answer that all this was
intended only to allow to the people the privi-
lege of doing this work themselves.
If the object had been only to keep the peace
for the purpose of allowing these people to
decide whether they would erect a new govern-
ment and apply for readmission into the Union,
nobody would have complained, although the
necessity for interfering in this way was eon-
elusive that they were not in a condition to
exercise thee rights, and that the act was not
a voluntary one. But they were not asking the
privilege of coming back again. It was not
essential that they should come until they were
ready for it. It was essential that when they
did. it should be of their own pure volition. To
compel it was as impracticable as it was unde-
sirable. And vet the e-«ence of the proclama-
tion1-' is a command. Tliej are not permissive
but imperative. The people might not be ready,
but that made no difference. If any of them
failed, it ws« a default. The right to vote was
not a privilege, but a duty. The white men
who were loyal and would take the oath must
reconstruct their governments at all events. It
is idle to say. therefore, that this was a mere
indulgence to their prayers. It went in advance
of the wishes of the people, and this is the con-
sti action placed upon it by the highest intelli-
gences of the South.
And now as to the way hi which the power
claimed by the Executive has been exercised.
If the function were a purely executive one.
it could not go. of course, beyond the mere per-
mission forthe assemblage of conventions, and
the pledge of protection to the citizen in the
exercise of this privilege. To favor classes—to
proclaim that this or that citizen should not be
allowed to vote, was something more than an
executive act. I11 the ease of a civil dissolu-
tion and the absence of all government., such
as the proclamations admit, all were, of course,
remitted to that natural equality which is rec-
ognized in the Declaration of independence,
and had only been suspended by force of the
civil institutions which had then ceased to ex-
ist. The right of the negro, whether previously
bond or free, was in that condition of things as
perfect as that of the white man, and the latter
had no more right to say to the former that he
should not vote than the former had to hold the
same language to him. All privileges of caste or
complexion that existed under their old con-
stitutions were gone along with the constitu-
tions themselves. And this is in accordance
with the doctrine everywhere received through-
out this nation, where all limitations upon this
right, except those which depend on condition
only, are the results of express enactment. It
was 110 question, therefore, of grace or favor
or indulgence, and it cannot, of course, be said
in excuse for the prohibition, that it was not
competent for the Executive to confer the priv-
ilege on this particular class. It was not his
to confer on anybody, either white or black.
If he had left the election to the citizens who
owed allegiance, paid taxes, and were subject
to bear arms, tliey must have voted without
distinction of color. The only ipicstion was,
not whether he could confer it, but whether he
could take it away. lie has taken it away from
others—from all who were not qualified under
the old constitutions, and from all who are dis-
loyal or refuse the oath to support the laws
and proclamations in regard to slavery. The
old governments with their black codes, which
were the fruitful nurseries of treasonable sen-
timent, and have destroyed themselves by
hurrying their people into the rebellion, are
allowed to furnish the rule and standard of
electoral fitness, on the hypothesis that there
is something left of them that still lives, like
the tail of a defunct reptile after the very life
has been crushed out of its body, and are only
to undergo alteration and repair at the hands
of the same cunning workmen who had de-
stroyed their machinery altogether. It is the
same class precisely that is to renovate the
work. True, it is with the condition of loyalty,
and a new oath, superadded. But what are
these? Who are the loyal? Not certainly
those who committed treason against the na-
tion by waging war against it, or giving aid and
counsel to its enemies? But if they are ex-
cluded who are to be the voters, when the only
clas.s that proved true to its allegiance is pre-
cisely the one which was excluded under the old
regime, that it is now sought to restate? How
many of the original voters, beyond those who
were driven into exile, have stood by the old
flag in the hour of our trial ? Was it a majority—
was it even a tithe? Can there be as many
such men found as would have saved Sodom
from destruction ? Wo know that there cannot,
because we know that they would not have
been tolerated on southern soil. We know it.
too, from the declaration of the Governor of
Virginia, that unless the law that disfranchised
the traitors only from January, 1SG-1, was
repealed, there would not be men enough left
to organize the State. And is it seriously pro-
posed that the power of erecting governments,
in order to enable these States to resume their
places in the Union, shall be vested in a score
of men out of a population counting by millions?
But how is the question of loyalty to be deter-
mined ? Not by the oath, because that is merely
cumulative, and is not offered either as a test,
or by way of purgation for past offenses. If as
a test, the word might as well have been omit-
ted altogether. How then ? Is there a virtue
in the amnesty which works not only oblivion
for the past, but converts a pardoned traitor
into a loyal man ? Is it by judgment of law on
conviction of crime? Is it by attainder on
proclamation by the Executive? Is it by a trial
in pais or by compurgators at the hustings?
If the old constitutions are still in force, either
by construction of law or by virtue of the proc-
lamations, the exclusion even of those who
may be impeached of disloyalty looks amaz-
ingly like the forefeiture of a legal franchise,
without judgment and without law, and is too
high a power to be exercised by any other than
the sovereign.
But there is another condition superadded
by way of abridgment of the right; and that is
the exaction, even from the loyal, of the oath
