2814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
of sixty per cent., alpaca pays a duty of fifty
per cent., and fine ginghams pay a duty of
aboq,t fifty per cent. And those are the mate-
rials which, as we all know, are used for the
covering of umbrellas and parasols. The duty
paid upon the manufactured article complete,
as it is imported into this country, is thirty-
five per cent. Now, let gentlemen compare
that duty with the duty which the manufac-
turer has to pay upon the raw material which
he makes up into umbrellas and parasols, and
they will see how injuriously this interest is
affected by the total want of any proper adjust-
ment between the tariff and the internal rev-
enue laws. I suppose it was in consequence
of this glaring injustice that the Committee of
Ways and Means proposed to put this article
upon the free list. But while they have put
some of the parts of the article upon the free
list they decline to put all the parts on. Now, I
ask the Committee of Ways and Means to tell
the House what consistency there is in any such
position as that. How are they consistent
when tliey say they will put umbrella sticks
upon the free list, and will not put upon it the
little steel notch which is put into the stick, by
which the umbrella is held open or kept closed ?
How are they consistent when they put on the
free list the parasol stick, and leave out of the
list the little iron ferrule that is put by the man-
ufacturer upon the end of the stick?
I hope there will be some degree ,of consist-
ency at least in legislation of this character.
If the committee propose to give this article
protection against the present ruinous discrim-
ination, let them do it in good faith, and not
offer a mere crumb when they profess to give a
loaf.
Mr. MORRILL. I move pro forma to strike
ont " umbrella sticks." I find that members
here are more eager for these exemptions than
are the men who are engaged in the business.
Those men have many of them been here and
before the Committee of Ways and Means, and
they generally say that they will be content with
any reasonable proposition, and they have pro-
fessed to be satisfied with most of the pi-ovisions
of this bill. But when we get before the Com-
mittee of the Whole, those members who par-
ticularly represent those manufacturers ask for
a great deal more than the manufacturers them-
selves ever thought of. Give an inch and they
ask a yard. There is not a single article among
all those which have been subject to taxation
which has been treated with more favor than
umbrellas aud parasols. And I trust this com-
mittee will not insert this miscellaneous lan-
guage— " furniture "—which may mean one
thing or another. If members are going to
insist upon inserting every little article—like
tips, nuts, slides, springs, thread—used in the
manufacture of an umbrella) I shall be in favor
of striking this all out.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out this
line, "umbrellas and parasols, and umbrella
sticks.'' I may be wrong in making this mo-
tion. But while what the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] has said satisfies me
that some provision should be made for this
branch of manufacture in the tariff on imports
from foreign countries, in my judgment nothing
he has said has amounted to an argument in
favor of placing this on the free list, in an act
relating exclusively to internal revenue. There
may be some good reason why this branch of
manufacture should be provided for in the
tariff law; but why it should also be provided
for in this free list I can conceive no good
reason, and I have made this motion in the
hope that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Morrill] will give us
some good reason why in this internal revenue
bill we should make a discrimination in favor
of this particular branch of manufacture.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope this line will not
be stricken out.
Mr. ROSS. I hope it will be stricken out.
Umbrellas and parasols are luxuries and should
be taxed. [Laughter.]
The amendment of Mr. Paixe was not
■ agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Thayer.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move a substitute for the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Thayer,]
which I think will not meet the views of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, to add to this line, "and ivory, bone,
and wood-work used in the making of umbrel-
las and parasols.''
The amendment of Mr. O'Neill was not
agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I modify my amendment so
as to add to this line the words "and umbrella
and parasol -handles, ferrules and notches."
When I proposed the words "umbrella and
parasol furniture" I did so in perfect good
faith, and I do not now conceive that the ob-
jection made by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to the use of those
words is a tenable objection, that possibly
something might creep in which the words
themselves do not import. But, sir, in order
to obviate any possibility of misconstruction,
I now propose the adoption of the words I
have suggested, which are the designation of
the small parts belonging to the umbrella and
parasol. I hope that in this shape the prop-
osition will meet the approbation of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to go back to line twenty-
four and add 
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I object.
The Clerk read as follows:
Value of bullion usedin the manufacture of wares,
watches, and watch-cases, and bullion prepared for
the use of platers and watch-makers.
Vinegar.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing aftertheword "vinegar" thewords "and
mead, and beers made of fruit."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to amend by adding
after the paragraph just road thewords "ashes,
pot and pearl."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Steel, in ingots, bars, sheet, plate, coil, or wire,
hoop-skirt wire covered or uncovered, and steel
springs and axles made and used exclusively for
vehicles, cars, or locomotives.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move
to amend by adding, at the end of the para-
graph " clock springs and trimmings." This
motion is n(5t made in tlie interest of the
clock manufacturer. He often does and he al-
ways can, if he chooses, make his own springs
and trimmings. When ho does so he pays no
tax at all upon those articles. He pays his
tax upon the clock when it is perfected and
sold. But there have sprung up in the country
some two or three or four establishments which
are devoted alone to the business of manufac-
turing clock springs and trimmings. Most of
the clock-manufacturers make these trimmings
for themselves, and thus escape the payment
of any tax upon them. But, sir, if the tax
upon these articles be continued, these small
manufactories of which I have spoken will all
bo broken down, because the clock-maker will
not consent to be taxed upon his clocks and
also upon the small articles which enter into
their construction. Hence, rather than pur-
chase these articles at a price enhanced by the
imposition of the tax, the clock-manufacturers
will make the articles for themselves, as most of
them now do. Hence the Government will not
realize a single dollar of revenue from this
source, while these few small manufacturers
who have undertaken to carry on this business
by way of encouraging the division of labor
will be driven out of the market and broken
down. The main spring is the life and soul of
the clock. The trimmings named in the amend-
ment are the little ornaments intended to adorn
a small time-keeper, so as to make it more
pleasing and more acceptable to the ladies of
Lancaster and other towns in the district rep-
resented by our distinguished and not ungal-
lant friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
[Laughter.] I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will sub-
stitute some other language for the term '1 trim-
mings" in his amendment, so as to make it
more definite, I will not object to it. I suggest
to him to make the amendment read " springs,
faces, and hands for clocks."
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I modify
my amendment in that way.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "and steel springs and axles made and
used exclusively for vehicles, cars, or loco-
motives," and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
And ear-wheels, thimble-skeins, and pipe-boxes,
and springs, tire, and axles made of steel, used exclu-
sively for vehicles, cars, or locomotives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to suggest to
the Committee of Ways and Means whether it
is not proper to add after the amendment just
adopted the following: „
Forgings of iron and steel, intended as part of ma-
chinery on which a tax is to be assessed and paid.
Mr. MORPtlLL. I must object to that amend-
ment. I do not think it is what the gentleman
really desires.
Mr. GRISWOLD. If it be not acceptable
to the committee I will not press it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Wire made from wire lessthannumbertwenty wire
gauge, upon which a tax has been assessed and paid
as wire.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the line "or wire rods." All
wire rods pay duty, and it is from these rods
that the wire is manufactured. Tlierehasbeen
a great depression in this business, and when
we compel them to pay tax upon the wire I
do not see why we should compel them to pay
an extra tax on the iron rods from which the
wire is made. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to, as it would embrace too
much altogether. It would exempt not only
what we have placed a tax of two dollars per
ton upon, but all other rods of whatever metal,
price or description.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Metallic nickel, quicksilver, magnesium, alumi-
num, manganese, and cobalt; spelter; copper, lead,
and tin, in ingots, pigs, or bars; metallic zinc, in
■ingots or sheets.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word "metallic" in lines fifty-four and fifty-
eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move after the word
"magnesium" to insert the word "sodium."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the words
"German silver in bars or sheets."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to strike out "quick-
silver." I understand we produce quicksilver
in this country in very large quantities; that
we have not only enough for our own use, but
for the purpose of exportation. I am informed
we export to foreign countries very large quan-
tities, and I think it ought not to be exempted
from the payment of tax.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state the motive
which induced the committee to put quicksil-
ver into the bill among articles on the free list.
This is a metal which can only be used in
something else or in the production of some-
thing which is subsequently taxed ; aud the
quantity of revenue derived from this source
has been exceedingly small. Its chief value
is in its use by miners to extract the gold and
silver from the ore. The committee therefore
thought it belonged to that class which ought
not to be taxed.
