3774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
chise, notwithstanding they might at the time
be outside of the State. That law remained
undisturbed, no one doubting its constitution-
ality or making any objection to it until 1861.
When the soldiers of the State were called
out to defend the country and to put down the
rebellioa, under the provision of the statute of
their State of the 2d of July, 1889, though far
from theirhomes and in the face of the enemy,
they undertook to exercise the elective fran-
chise in the same manner as they might have if
done at their respective homes, but when those
votes were returned the candidates against whom
they were cast attacked them on the ground that
they had not any right to vote, being out of the
State and not within the district in which they
Claimed a right to vote when at home.
It finally came before the supreme court, of
Pennsylvania in the case of Chase vs. Miller, (5
Wright, page 403,) and by a majority the court
in that case, after argument by able counsel,
decided that the forty-third section of the elec-
tion law of Pennsylvania, passed July 2,1839,'
allowing citizens in actual military service to
vote outside of the boundaries of the State,
conflicts with the amended clause of the third
article of the constitution, and is therefore un-
constitutional, and consequently null and void:
and therefore the soldiers' votes were thrown
out and not allowed to be counted.
Now, under the constitution of Pennsylvania,
amendments can be proposed to the constitu-
tion in this way: they are first submitted to a
Legislature, and if approved by a majority of
both Houses by yeas and nays duly entered of
record, are then to be published in the papers
for three months preceding the next general
election for members of the Legislature. Then
the amendments are submitted to the second
Legislature, and if passed in a similar manner
by both Houses, they are submitted to a vote
ot the people upon a like notice given. And
if they are ratified by a majority of the voters
they become part and parcel of the constitution
of the State.
An amendment to the constitution was finally
adopted in 1864, giving to soldiers in the ser-
vice a right to vote, thus overruling the decision
of the supreme court of our State. Under this
amendment a law was passed on the 25th of
August, 1864, fixing the mode and manner in
which the soldiers in the field were allowed to
exercise the right of voting.
Then, in pursuance of that law. election pa-
pers were sent to the soldiers in the field, and
they proceeded to vote, and the question now
is as to who is legally entitled to a seat upon
this fiooras the Representative from the twenty-
first congressional district of the State of Penn-
sylvania, whether Dr. Smith Fuller, the con-
testant, or Hon. John L. Dawson, the sitting
member. Sir, I will undertake to show by the
record that it is as clear as daylight that Dr.
Smith Fuller has a majority of the legal votes
cast and is rightfully entitled to a seat in this
House.
I have nothing to say against the sitting
member or about political parties. This is a
question not of party, but of law and fact. It
has been alleged by the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paixe] that the returns were im-
perfect. By the law of Pennsylvania these
directions are merely formal. In the fifteenth
section of the act of 25th August, 18G4, the
language used as to forms is that the following
shall be substantially the form of the poll-
books, thus showing that no particular form
of return, &o., is required; and besides, the
uniform decisions of the State courts in all
these election matters are, that the intention
of the law is to ascertain the truth as to the
votes polled, so that the voice of the people,
as expressed at the ballot-box, shall be re-
spected and allowed to have full force. I will
show further, by the decisions of the highest
courts of the country, that an oath is not ne-'
cessary where there is other sufficient legal
evidence.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us examine for a few
moments the facts of this case. In the first
place, we find that in company A, one hun-
dred and fifty-fifth regiment, 7 votes were cast
for the contestant. What objection is made to
counting those votes? The objection urged by
the honorable gentleman from Wisconsin is, in
the first place, that the poll-book was absent;
and in the second place, that the oaths are not
certified. Now, sir, by reference to the books,
it is shown that everything is here that is re-
quired. On pages 59, 60, and 61 of Docu-
ment No. 2, containing the testimony in this
ease, I find the oaths all set out, and a certifi-
cate signed "by the judges and the clerks, and
stating that they were sworn, and which read
as follows:
[No 56.]
Return of the Election.
At an election held by the electors of Westmoreland
county, in company—, of theSignal corps, regiment
of Pennsylvania soldiers, atMartinsburg, Virginia,
on the second Tuesday of October, A. D. 1864, there
. were cast—
For Representative in the House of llepresenta-
tives in the Congress of the United States, ; of
which Smith Fuller had 2 votes.
For representatives in the House of Representa-
tives of Pennsylvania, there were cast ; of whioh
George E. Smith had 2 votes; James R. McAfee had
2 votes; James Mollroy had 2 votes.
A true return of the election held as aforesaid, on
the second Tuesday of October, A. D. 1864, certified
by us the day and year aforesaid.
HORACE JACKSON,
W. B. C. MILLER.
SAMUEL T, HASLETT,
t Judges of the said Election.
Attest: f
Thomas B. Cocltkk,
Robert A. Park,
Clerics.
Westmoreland County, ss :
I certify that the foregoing is the return as re-
ceived, by i£w, on 18th of October, 1864, marked No. 66.
[ij. s.] GEORGE BENNETT.
Prothonotary.
Westmoreland County, ss :
I, John Zimmerman, prothonotary of the court of
common pleas of the county of Westmoreland, in the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, do certify that the
foregoing is a correct copy of the return of the elec-
tion, nui ked No. 36, held by persons in the military
service at the time ami place stated in the caption,
transmitted and received as indicated by the original
on file in my office.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said court, at Greens-
[l. s.j burg, this 6th day of April, in the year of our
Lord, 1866.
JOHN ZIMMERMAN,
Prothonotary.
[No. 5?.]
Return of the Election.
At an election held by the electors of Westmoreland
county, in company A, one hundred and fifty-fifth
regiment Pennsylvania soldiers, at the camp of said
regiment, near Poplar Grove church, Dinwiddie
county. Virginia, on the second Tuesday of Octo-
ber, 1864, there were cast—
For Representative in the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, ; of which Smith
i tiller had 7 votes.
For representatives in the House of Representa-
tives of Pennsylvania, James R.McAfeehad 7 votes;
James MeElroy had 7 votes; George E. Smith had 7
votes.
For prothonotary, Jam«g Freeman had 7 votes.
For clerk of quarter sessions, oyer and terminer
and orphans' court, J. C. Gamble had 7 votes.
For poor-house director, John J. Bovard had 7
votes.
For commissioner, H. H. Null had 7 votes.
For auditor, James Miller had 7 votes.
A true return of the election held as aforesaid, on
the second Tuesday of October, 1864, certified by us
the day and year aforesaid.
^ SAMUEL W. REYNOLDS,
Company A, 155f/t Regiment Soldiers,
A. J. HARBAUG1I,
Company A, 155th Regiment Soldiers*
WILLIAM II. JUSTICE,
. ,, t Company A, 155th liegiment Soldiers,
Attest: Judges.
George W . FITCH,
Herman Meykhs.
^Samuel W. Reynolds, Andrew J. Harbaugh,
and Vyilham II. Justice, judges of this election, and
(reorge W. Fitch, Herman Meyers, clerks thereof, do
eacti severally swear that we will duly perform the
duties of judges and clerks of the said election, sev-
erally acting, as set forth in the act of the General
Assembly of Pennsylvania, entitled "An act to reg-
ulate elections by soldiers in actual military service,"
according to law and to the best of our abilities, and
that we will studiously endeavor to prevent fraud or
abuse in conducting the same.
S. W. REYNOLDS,
A. J. HARBAUGH,
W. H. JUSTICE,
Judge?*
GEORGE M. FITCH,
HERMAN MEYERS,
Clerks.
I hereby certify that the aforesaid Andrew J. Har-
baugh and William H. Justice, judges, and George
W.<;Fitch and Herman Meyers, clerks, were, before
proceeding to take any votes at said election, first
duly sworn as aforesaid by me. Witness my hand
this 11th day of October, A. D. 1864.
S. W. REYNOLDS,
Judge of said Election.
I certify that Samuel W. Reynolds, judge of elec-
tion as aforesaid, was also duly sworn according to
law by me. Witness my hand and the date above
written. GEORGE W. FITCH,
Clerk of said Election.
Westmoreland County, ss:
I certify the foregoing to be the return as received
by me on the 18th of October, 1864, and markedNo. 57.
[L. 8.]
GEORGE BENNETT,
Prothonotary.
Westmoreland County, se:
I, John Zimmerman, prothonotary of the court of
common pleas of the county of Westmoreland, in the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, do hereby certify
that the foregoing is a correct copy of the return of
the election (marked No. 57) held by persons in tho
military service at the time and place stated in the
caption transmitted and received as indicated by the
original of file in my office.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said court, at Greens-
[l. s.] burg, this 6th day of April, in the year of our
Lord 1866.
JOHN ZIMMERMAN,
Prothonotary.
Let me say here, that these technical objec-
tions which the gentleman from Wisconsin
seeks to raise have no bearing upon the case
according to the law as enacted and construed
in Pennsylvania. In that State we do not re-
gard technicalities in a case of this sort. It is
not expected that our citizens, when in the
Army, will be able to comply strictly with all
the legal formalities as may be done in an elec-
tion at home, where we have experienced clerks.
We have a clear statute regulatingelectionsby
the soldier, and declaring that no informality
shall defeat the expression of their will.
Rut, Mr. Speaker, proceeding further, we
have the return from McClellan hospital, em-
bracing 3 votes for the contestant. On pages
C, 7, 380, and 381 we find the poll-book of the
election, and which reads thus :
[No. 6.]
Poll-book of the election held on the second^Tues-
day of October, in the year 1861, by the qualified
electors of Westmoreland county, in the State of
Pennsylvania, in the actual military service, under
the requisition of the President of the United States,
and being unable to attend any other proper place
of election, this election being held at McClellan
United States Army general hospital, which place
the said electors being present have selected for
opening a poll, and certify herein, William Cox, II.
II. Walling, and John M. Kepler, being then and
there duly elected judges of the said election, and
Charles A. Stinn and A. F. Black being duly ap-
pointed clerks of the same, and having been duly
sworn or affirmed according to law.
JOHN M.KEPLER,
WILLIAM COX.
H. II. WALLING,
Judges.
C. A. STINN,
A. F. BLACK, Clerics.
Number and names of the electors voting at said election
who are residents of Westmoreland county, with their
city, boroughy township, ward, or precinct.
1, John Beardsley, "E," eleventh infantry, Denny
township; 2, Sheppard Malone, "B," one hundred
and forty-seeond infantry, Hempfield township; 3,
J. Westly Thompson, " E," eleventh infantry, Cook
township.
Tally-paper, or list of votes and returns for each per-
son voted for atthesaid election by the qualified voters
of Westmoreland county.
For Representative in the House of Representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States, Smith
Fuller had three (3) votes.
Forrepresentativesin the House of Representatives
of Pennsylvania, George E.Smith hadthree(3) votes;
James R. McAfee had three (3) votes; James W.
MeElroy had three (3) votes.
Westmoreland County, ss :
I certify that the foregoing is the return as received
by me on the 14th of October, 1864, and marked No. 6.
rL. g i GEORGE BENNETT,
Prothonotary.
We hereby certify that the aforesaid tally-papers,
list of voters, and returns of the election held as
aforesaid on the second Tuesday of October, A.D.
1864, certified by us the day and year aforesaid, is
correct and a true return thereof; there having been
