1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
to that, but I do object to the monstrous pow-
ers contained in this bill.
I hope that the bill will not pass. I am sorry
that the Senator from Maine is so anxious to
press it to a vote to-day. I desire that there
shall be a full Senate when the vote is taken,
for I consider it is the most dangerous bill
that was ever passed by" the Congress of the
United States. If the present Secretary should
remain in office, and if he should withstand,
not the temptations, but the designing and
intriguing management of what are called
"rings," he will be fortunate. The powers
contained in this bill no judicious financial man,
in my judgment, would accept of if he could
help it. I think we should define—the country
ought to know precisely—what we are going to
do, and we should announce our policy, and
not take his. I move that this bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Finance; and I
hope Senators will vote to recommit it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not rise in my
place, Mr. President, for the purpose of dis-
cussing this bill. It is a measure that has been
considered, I suppose, by all Senators for some
considerable time past. It belongs to the policy
inaugurated by our present Secretary of the
Treasury. There seems to be great alarm at
the idea of trusting the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the moneyed officer of the Government.
Perhaps it would be well to consider that in
other classes of Governments, particularly in
monarchical ones, men obey; in all free Govern-
ments men must trust. The Senator from Ohio
is trusted here with ahigh commission ; and so
the Senator from Michigan is trusted by the
people of his State. We have reposed confi-
dence in men who under our system of govern-
ment are selected for high offices. We have
needed a system of finance, particularly since
the commencement of this war. No system
was inaugurated under the late Secretary of
the Treasury, now Chief Justice. He never
had any established policy. The present Sec-
retary came in with financial skill and financial
experience. He has exhibited his information
on these great subjects so as to satisfy the coun-
try and Congress. I think confidence can be
placed in his sound judgment. What is sought
here is to give him the privilege to inaugurate
a policy. We have had no financial policy
except so far as it has been arranged sub modo
without any special license. We propose now
to trust him, not with any large power, to handle
our present indebtedness and to change its form
so that it may be systematized. I think the
legislation is wise. Again, I repeat, it is the
feature of free Governments to trust, as it is
the feature of monarchical Governments to
compel obcdience. We must trust our public
officers.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Michigan to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Michigan, in section one, line
eleven, to strike out the word "either," and
in line twelve after the words "United States"
to strike out the words "or elsewhere so
that the clause will read:
And also to dispose of any description of bonds
authorized by said act, in the United States, to such
an amount, in such mannei, and at such rates at, he
may think advisable, &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. 1 do not sec any conceivable
reason why that amendment should be adopted.
If we have short securities anywhere, no mat-
ter where it is, whether in the United States,
China, Great Britain, or anywhere else, what
difference can it make that the Secretary has
the right to exchange them for long bonds?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the amend-
ment.
Mr. COWAN. It is that he can only ex-
change in the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. To prevent him from
exchanging except in the United States.
Mr. COWAN. The effect of the amendment
will be to confine the exchange to this country.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, that is the
intention.
Mr. COWAN. Then a foreigner who may
happen to have our short paper, aud may be
willing to exchange it for long bonds, will not
have the opportunity of doing so.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose he will have
to do it here, not there.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose the paper will have
to come here of course, but if the paper can
come here and an exchange can be made with
the foreigner, then the amendment can have
no effect. It is mere idle words.
Mr. CHANDLER. The object of the amend-
ment .is perfectly well understood. It is to
prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from
going abroad to borrow money. We have not
permitted him to do it during the rebellion, and
I object to his doing it now. If Senators desire
to send the Secretary of the Treasury all over the
world begging somebody to take his evidences
of debt, then they will vote against this amend-
ment ; if they do not desire to have him do
that they will vote for it-
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is very
much mistaken as to the facts. In the bill
passed last winter, and in the bill passed the
winter before that, he had authority to negoti-
ate a foreign loan if he saw fit. He always had
that power. The only question is whether, by
being confined to a particular place, he shall
be placed in the hands of people who might
combine to render his operations nugatory.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Government of
the United States proposes to place itself on a
par with Turkey and the little German and
South American States that send their loans
into the English market and make them pay-
able there, it is all right. I object to it in toto.
I consider that we are now taking our place
among the great Powers, and that it is humil-
iating for us to make the evidences of our
indebtedness payable anywhere outside of the
territory of the United States. It never shall
be done by my vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
understand what he has been talking so much
about to this moment. There is no proposition
here to make it payable abroad.
Mr. CHANDLER. You authorize him to
do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; there is no
such authority.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then what are these
words in here for?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are in there to
enable him, if he sees fit, to dispose of our
obligations abroad.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely, that is what
I said.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But that does not make
them payable abroad. There was such a prop-
osition in the original bill, but it was stricken
out in the House of Representatives. There
is no such thing in the bill now. All that he
has power to dispose of is "the bonds author-
ized by the act to which this is an amendment,"
and. that refers to the act of last year, and they
are all payable in this country.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Howard, Howe, Norton,
Sherman, and ade—0.
NAY S—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Oonness, Cowan, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris,^ Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Mc-
I)ougall, Morgan, Morrill, Kesmith, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
kull. Van Wmkle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—35.
AiibiiA i — Messrs. Creswell, Dixon, Henderson,
Lane of lvausas, Ramsey, Sprague. Wright, and
lates—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to have an
opportunity to record my vote against the bill,
afld I therefore ask for the yeas and nays on
its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 7 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Conness, Cowan, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie. Harris, Johnson,
Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Morgan,
Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Howard, Howe, Norton,
Ramsey, Sherman, and Wade—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Creswell, DiSon, Henderson,
Hendrieks, Lane of Kansas, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stewart, Wright, and Yates—10.
So the bill was passed.
personal explanation.
Mr. WADE. In the remarks that I made
on Friday last I stated, in relation to Mr. Voor-
hees, of Indiana, that he had been one of the
Knights of the Golden Circle, and that upon a
judicial investigation it came out that he was
the keeper of the records, &c. The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] immediately
rose and stated that that was not so, and I
intended, of course, to take back what I had
stated, on his representation. My authority
for the st'&tfcment was a newspaper that stated
it as a fact, and I had never heard it contra-
dicted, and believed it was so ; but Mr. Voor-
hees says I was entirely mistaken ; the Senator
from Indiana says the same thing, and I have
no doubt I was wrong in making the charge,
and I take great pleasure in taking it back.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. ~
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 9, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
in order the call of the States and Territories
for bills and joint resolutions on leave for ref-
erence, not to be brought back into the House
on a motion to reconsider, commencing with
the State of Maine.
No bills or resolutions were offered.
approval of the president.
The SPEAKER stated, as the next business
in order, the following resolution submitted by
Mr. Davis on the 10th of January last, r i which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
was entitled to the floor for fifty minutes:
Resolved, That this House cherish the mo^t entire
confidence in the patriotism and ability of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and in his desire to re-
store the Union on a basis of permanent prosperity
and pcace; and that the cooperation of this llousa
is pledged to him in support of the general policy
of reconstruction inaugurated by him in all modes
authorized by the Constitution and consistent with
the security of republican institutions.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
it will meet the consent of the House as it will
mine to postpone the further consideration of
the resolution for the present. I move that it
be postponed for two weeks from to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the motion was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
assassination of president lincoln, etc.
Mr. ROLTTWELL submitted the following
preamble and resolutions, and demanded the
previous question :
Whereas the President of the United States did, on
the dd day of May. in the year 1865, by proclamation
declare and make known that it did then appear
irom evidence in the Bureau of Military Ju^hee tiiat
theatrocious murderof the late Pri'Mdcnt, Abraham
Lincoln, and the attempted asvas-inutiem of Hon.
W ilharii H. Seward, Secretary of State, were incited,
concerted, and procured by and between Jetferson
Davis, late of Richmond, Virginia, and Jacob Thomp-
son, Clement C. Clay, Beverly Tucker, George N.
banders, William C. Cleary, and other rebels and
