1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3775
more than ten Qualified voters of said State present
at the elcetion held as aforesaid. - -
JOHN M. KEPLER,
WILLIAM COX,
H?H. WALLING. . •
Attest: Judges of said Ejection.
Charles. A, Stinb,
A. F. Black.
Clerks.
Poll-book of the election held on the second Tues-
day of October, in the year 1864, by the qualified
electors of county. State of Pennsylvania, in
the actual military or naval service, under the re-
quisition of the President of theUnited States, and
* being unable to attend any company poll or other
proper place of election; this election being at
McClellan United States Army hospital, which
place they, the said electors being present, have
selected for opening a poll for the said election,
and certify herein; W. H. Wailing, hospital steward
United States Army, William Cox.hospitalsteward
United States Army, and Piivate John M. Kepler,
company D, one hundred and forty-eighth Penn-
sylvania, being then and there duly electcd judges
of the said election, and Charles A. Stine, company
M, fifteenth Pennsylvania volunteer cavah-y, and
Private A. T. Black, company F, fifty-ninth Penn-
sylvania volunteers, being duly appointed clerks
of said election, being all severally sworn, accord-
ing to the certificates herewith returned.
Oaths and affirmation* of the judges and clerics.
We, William H. Walling, hospital steward. United
States Army, William Cox, hospital steward, United
States Army, and John Kepler, company D, one
hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania volunteers,
judges of this election, and Charles A. Stine and A.
T. Black, clerks therof, do each severally swear that
we will duly perform the duties of judges and clerks
of said election, severally acting as set forth in the
act of the General Assembly of the State of Pennsyl-
vania entitled "An act regulating elections by sol-
diers in actual military service," according to law
and to the best of our abilities, and that we will stu-
diously endeavor to prevent fraud, deceit, or abuse
in conducting the said election,
WM.H. WALLING,
WILLIAM COX,_
JOHN M. KEPLER,
Attest: * Judges of the Election.
cmnies A. Stine,
A. T. Black,
Clerks of the Election.
I hereby certify that William H. Walling and John
M. Kepler, judges, and Charles A. Stine and A. T.
Black, clerks of the said election, were, before pro-
ceeding to take any votes at said election, first of all
severally sworn as aforesaid by me.
Witness my hand this 11th day of October, A. D.
1864. WILLIAM COX,
Judge of said Election.
I hereby certify that the aforesaid William Cox,
hospital steward United States Army, judge of said
election, was also duly sworn by mc.
Witness my hand and date above written.
CHARLES A. STINE, .
Clerk of said Election.
We hereby certify that the aforesaid electors pres-
ent, being more than ten, did select (he aforesaid
McClellan United States Army general hospital to
be the place for opening a poll lor the said election.
Witness our hands the day and year aforesaid.
W.H. WALLING,
JOHN M. KEPLER,
Attest: Judges of the said Election.
Charles A, Stine,
A. T. Black,
Clerks.
Number and names of the electors voting at the said elec-
tion, and their county, city, borough, township, ward
or precinct of residence,
24. II. B. McFeafers, I, two hundred and sixth
Pennsylvania, Indiana county, Pine township; 45.
John Beard&ley, E, eleventh Pennsylvania cavalry,
Westmoreland county, Derry township; 46. Shepherd
Malone, B, one hundred and forty-second Pennsyl-
vania. Westmoreland county, Hcmpficld township;
69. J. WesieyThompson, company E, eleventh Penn-
sylvania, Westmoreland county, Cook township; 81.
Hiram Ferrier, company G, sixt5T-seventh, Indiana
county, Montgomery township; 106. George Millard,
i\ fitty-flfth Pennsylvania, Indiana county, Brubli
vail ey
It is hereby certified to by us that the aforesaid list
of electors voting at the said election is correct, and
that the number of electors of the difforent emmtios
of the State of Pennsylvania votiner at the saul elee-
tion amounts to one hundred and six, (106.) Witness
our hanrls the day and year aforesaid.
W H WALLING. Hospital Steward, U.S.A.,
JOHN M. KEPLER, Company D, 148$ P. V.,
WILLIAM COX, Hospital btaoard, U.S. A.,
Judges of Election.
Attest \ nr.
A T. Black, Private,company F, 55th Pennsylvania,
Chaelks A. Stine, Private, companyM, P-V.C.,
Clerks of the Ji/lection,
Tally-paper of list of votes for each person voted for at
the said election by the qualified voters of the several
counties of the State of Pennsylvania.
For Representative in the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, Smith Fuller, Westmore-
land county, had (3) three votes; Smith Fuller, In-
diana county, had (3) three votes.
Here we have the record, showing that-con-
testant received 3 votes in McClellan hospital.
We have the return set forth almost word for
word in the terms prescribed by the statute,
though, as I shall show, those forms are merely
directory-
Then we have the vote cast in Camp Parole.
The return is given in full, showing 1 vote for
the contestant, the record of which is in the
hands of the committee, properly certified,
supported by the oaths; so that there can be
no mistake £^?out the correctness of this vote.
Thus far we have for the contestant 11 votes
beyond all question.
Then we come to the vote returned from
camp in the field, two hundred and sixth regi-
ment. Hero we find 2 votes cast for the con-
testant. On p_age_5 of the third book we find
the return, which is as follows;
[No 48.]
Poll-book of the election heldon/the second Tuesday
of October, in the year 1864, by the qualified voters
of Westmoreland county, State of Pennsylvania,
being in theactual militarysemceundertherequi-
sition uf the President of the United States, in the
field and staff of the two hundred and sixth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, held at camp in tb e
field, Virginia, Army of the James; Hugh J. Brady,
T. M. Laney, and .f. L. Crawford being duly elected
judges of the election, and John Lowry and Milton
Shields being duly appointed clerksofsaid election,
and being all severally sworn according to the cer-
tificates herewith returned.
We, Hugh J. Brady, T. M. Laney, and J. L. Craw-
ford, judges of this election, and we, John Lowry and
Milton Shields, clerks thereof, do each severally
swear that we will duly perform the duties of judges
and clerks of the said election, severally acting asset
forth in the act of the General Assembly of Pennsyl-
vania, entitled " An act regulating elections by sol-
diers in actual military service," according to law
and to the best of our abilities, and that wc will stu-
diously endeavor to prevent fraud, deeeit, or abuse
in conducting the same.
T. M. LANEY,
JAMES L. CRAWFORD,
HUGH J. BRADY,
" Judges.
JOHN LOWRY,
J. MILTON SHIELDS,
Clerks.
I hereby certify that the aforesaid T. M, Laney and
J. L. Crawford, judges, and John Lowry and Milton
Shields, clerks, were sworn before proceeding to take
anv votes at said election.
Witness my hand this Ilth day of October, A. D.
Judgd of said Election.
I certify that Hugh J. Brady, judgeof election afore-
said, was also duly so sworn according to law by me.
Witness my hand the day above written.
We hereby certify that the aforesaid electors pres-
ent, being iriore than ten, did select the aforesaid to
be the place for opening a poll for the said election.
Witness our hands the day and year aforesaid.
T. M. LANEY.
JAMES L. CRAWFORD,
HUGH J. BRADY,
Attest: Judges of the Election.
John Lowry,
J. Milton Shields,
Clerks.
Thus in this case the requirement with ref-
erence to the oath is substantially complied
with. Let me remark, however, in speaking
of this part of the case, that it is not necessary
that the election officers should sign an oath.
If it be stated in the body of the pa-pers that
they were sworn it is the same as a jurat. If
the record shows that they were regularly sworn
it is not material that the return should include
the form of the oath with their signatures at-
tached. That may be required by the law of
Wisconsin, but such is not the law of Penn-
sylvania. It never has been and never will be.
Now, sir, taking the votes returned from
camp in the field, two hundred and sixth regi-
ment, we have 13 votes substantially proved
for the contestant beyond all cavil. Then we
come to battery H, fourth independent artil-
lery, where 4 votes were cast for the contest-
ant. If vou look.to page 28, of the third book,
you will'find that the return is regularly signed
by all the officers of the election, and that in
the caption it states that the officers holding
the election were all duly sworn, which return
is as follows:
[No. 5.]
Poll-Booh.
At an election held at Seward light artillery barracks,
Alexandria, Virginia, of,the voters of "Westmore-
land county, State ofPenhs'ylvania, ofbattery "II/*
independent Pennsylvania artillery, on the sec-
ond Tuesday of October, 1864, Lieutenant William
H. Asking and Sergeants John A. Floyd and John
M. MeGratty were duly elected judges of said elec-
tion, and Corporal John J. Case and Private James
L. Sutherland were appointed as elerks, and all
being severally sworn according to law previous to
receiving any of the votes. The following are the
names of the persons voting and number of th©
votes east:
David Jenkins, North Huntingdon township;
Thomas Fouks, North Huntingdon township; Chris-
topher Gordon, North Huntingdon township; John
Fry, North Huntingdon township.
For Representative in the House of Representatives
of the United States, Smith Fuller had four Votes,
(40 whole number of votes cast, four, (4.)
For prothonotary, James Freeman had four votes,
(4;) whole number of votes cast, four, (4.)
For representatives in the House of Representatives
of the State of Pennsylvania, James McAfee had
three, (3;) whole number of votes cast, three, (3.)
James McElroy had three votes (3;) whole number
of votes cast, three, (3.) George E. Smith had three
votes, (3; the whole number ofvotes cast, three, (3.)
For clerk of quarter sessions, oyer and terminer,
and orphans' court, J. C. Gamble hadfour votes, (4;)
whole number ofvotes cast, four,(4.)
For commissioner—whole number of votes cast, (4;)
H. H. Null had four votes, (4;) all the votes cast.
For auditor—whole number of votes cast, four, (4-;)
Joseph Miller had four votes.
For poor-house director—whole number of votes
cast four, (4;) John J.Bovard hadfour votes, (4;) all
the votes cast.
We, LieutenantWilliamH.AskineJr., and Sergeants
John A. Floyd and John M. MeGratty, judges of said
election, and Corporal John J. Case and Private
James L. Sutherland, clerks thereof, hereby certify
that the foregoing is a just and correct poll of all the
votes east. „ ,
W. H. ASKINE. Jr.. 2d Lieutenant,
JOHN A. FLOYD, Sergeant,
JOHN M.McGRATTY, Sergeant,
Attest: J udges of said Election.
John J. Case, Corporal,
James L. Sutherland, Private,
Clerks.
Westmoreland County, ss :
Icertify that the foregoing is the return as received
by me on the 14th of October, 1864, and marked
, GEORGE BENNETT,
s.j Prothonotary.
Westmoreland County, ss:
I, John Zimmerman, prothonotary of the court of
common pleas of the county of Westmoreland, in
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, do certify that
the foregoing is a full and correct copy of the poll-
book, &c., held by persons in the military service at
the time and place stated in the caption of the origi-
nal as of file in my office, rejected by return judges;
and I further certify that the reason assigned for the
rejection of said return was on account of the offi-
cers not being sworn.
In witness whereof, X have hereunto set my hand
„ -\ and affixed the seal of said court, at Grecns-
\h. S.] kurg this 12th day of May, A. D. 1866.
JOHN ZIMMERMAN,
Pfbtlionotarp*
This makes 17 legal votes for the contestant,
even taking the'construction of the law laid
down by the learned gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paixe.] Then taking the 15 votes put
down by the majority of the committee for the
sitting member, it still leaves a majority of 2
for Smith Fuller, the contestant. But we do
not stop here. There is the Lincoln hospital,
which gives 15 votes for Fuller, 8 of which are
counted and the balance rejected. Why is this?
The committee say they rejected them because
the record from Harrisburg has been mislaid
or lost, but do not dispute but that it had been
before them. When it was discovered on the part
of the contestant that the copy from the records
at Harrisburg was missing, he sent to the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania and received from the sec-
retary of state a duplicate of the return, which
I have, here, under the broad seal of that State
in due form. Would it be just that the con-
testant and his constituents should suffer in con-
sequence of the committee losing some of his ■
papers V The learned gentleman from 'Wiscon-
sin does not now seriously object to the certi-
fied copy under the broad seal of the State of
Pennsylvania in due form.
They say, however, that it was objected to
on another ground, to wit, that these 7 votes
would probably have been thrown out because
they were returned to Westmoreland instead of
