1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
pay the balance due for work done on, and
materials furnished for, that part of the cus-
tom-house building at New Orleans, reserved
for the use of the Federal courts, four thou-
sand two hundred and sixty-eight dollars and
sixty-five cents.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War,
Assistant Secretaries of War, Solicitor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
sengers, and laborer in his office, sixty-three
thousand eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messen-
gers in the office of the Adjutant General, two
hundred and twenty-three thousand nine hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, and laborers, in the office
of the Quartermaster General, three hundred
and ninety thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, and laborers, in the office
of the Paymaster General, two hundred and
eight thousand four hundred dollars: Provided,
That the annual compensation of the chief
clerk in the office of the Paymaster General,
from the first day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, shall be two "thousand dollars;
and the third-class clerks in said office are
hereby reduced three in number, and the fourth-
class clerks are hereby increased three in num-
ber.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger,
and laborers in the office of the Commissary
General, eighty-five thousand six hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger,
and laborer in the office of the Surgeon Gen-
eral, forty-three thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messengers,
and laborer in the office of the Chief Engineer,
twenty-eight thousand seven hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messen-
ger in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance,
sixty thousand and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks in the office
of Military Justice, seven thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Secretary of War:
For blank books, stationery, labor, books,
maps, extra clerk hire, and miscellaneous
items, twenty thousand dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dollars.
Office of the Paymaster General
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For blank books, stationery, and binding,
including rent of office and hire of watchmen,
twenty thousand dollars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, including rent of office,
fifteen thousand dollars.
Office of the Chief of Ordnance:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of Military Justice :
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the general purposes of the Northwest
Executive Building.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers of the Northwest
Executive Building, three thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For labor, fuel, light, and miscellaneous
items, twenty thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner
of F and Seventeenth streets.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers for said building,
three thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and mis-
cellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner
of F and Fifteenth streets.
For superintendent, watchmen, rent, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of tlie Secretary of the
Navy, Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Soli-
citor, and Naval Judge Advocate General,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assist-
ant messenger, and laborers in his office, fifty-
eight thousand one hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Navy-Yards and Docks, and the civil engi-
neer, chief clerk, clerks, messenger, and labor-
ers in his office, nineteen thousand two hundred
and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Equipment and Recruiting, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office,
sixteen thousand one hundred mid forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Navigation, chief clerk, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, nine thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Ordnance, and the assistant, chief clerk,
clerks, draughtsman, messenger, and laborers
in his office, eighteen thousand eight hundred
and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Construction and Repair, chief clerk, and the
clerks, draughtsman, messenger, and laborer in
his office, sixteen thousand three hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Steam Engineering, chief clerk, and the
clerks, draughtsman, messenger, and laborer
in his office, ten thousand seven hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Provisions and Clothing, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborer, twenty-four
thousand three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, assistant, and the
clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office, ten
thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
Incidental and Contingent Expenses oftheNavy
Department.
Office of the Secretary of the Navy :
For stationery, labor, newspapers, periodi-
cals, and miscellaneous items, five thousand
dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks :
For stationery, books, plans, drawings, and
incidental labor, one thousand eight hundred
dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, five hundred dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For stationery, blank books, and miscella-
neous items, two thousandfold hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand three hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For blank books, stationery, and miscella-
neous items, eight hundred-dollars.
To defray the expense of introducing water
into the Naval Academy grounds and buildings
at Annapolis, Maryland, nine thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southwest
Executive Building.
For compensation of five watchmen and two
laborers of the Southwest Executive Building,
four thousand seven hundred and fifty-two dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of said building,
viz:
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous
items, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, three Assistant Postmasters General, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
sengers, watchmen, and laborers of said Depart-
ment, one hundred and seventy-seven thousand
seven hundred and twenty dollars..
For compensation of authorized additional
and for temporary clerks, thirty-seven thousand
dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
For blank books, binding, and stationery,
fuel for the General Post Office Building, in-
cluding Auditor's office, oil, gas, and can-
dles, printing, repair of the General Post Office
Building, office furniture, glazing, painting,
whitewashing; and for keeping the firc-places
aud furnaces in order ; for engineer for steam-
engine, laborers, watchmen, repairs of furni-
ture, and for miscellaneous items, forty-five
thousand dollars.
Money- Order Bureau,.
For compensation of Superintendent and the
clerks in his office, seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Topographer.
For preparingandpublishingpost-route maps
of the United States, ten thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OE AGRICULTURE.
For compensation of Commissioner of Agri-
culture, chief clerk, and the clerks and em-
ployes in this office, thirty-nine thousand six
hundred dollars.
For contingencies, viz: For stationery, pur-
chase of library, laboratory, rent, and miscel-
laneous items, eleven thousand five hundred
dollars. _ ...
For collecting agricultural statistics, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Forpurchase and distribution of new and val-
uable seeds, viz:
. For purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flower
seeds, and for labor in putting up seeds, seed-
bags, and miscellaneous items, sixty thousand
dollars : Provided, That the Commissioner of
Agriculture shall only purchase and distribute,
with the fund herein appropriated for that pur-
pose, such seeds as are rare and uncommon to
the country, or such as can be made more prof-
itable by iiequent changes from one part of our
own country to another.
For employes in seed-room, live thousand
two hundred dollars.
For propagation and distribution ot plants,
cuttings, and shrubs, fourteen thousand dol-
lars: Provided. That the propagation of plants,
cuttings, and shrubs shall bo confined to such,
as are adopted to general cultivation and to
promote the general interests of horticulture
| and agriculture throughout the United States.
! For experimental garden in reservation nam-
' her two, eight thousand eight hundred dollars.
