1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2815
Mr. BID WELL. I am opposed to striking
''quicksilver" out of the free list, and I hope
that the amendment will be rejected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out
the words '' rolled sheet copper, sheathing cop-
per, and yellow sheathing metal," and in lieu
thereof to insert "copper and yellow sheath-
ing metal not more advanced than bands or
sheets."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Brass not more advanced than rods or sheets: hulls
of ships and other vessels; masts, spars, and ship and
vessel blocks.
Mr. DARLING. I move after the word
"blocks" to insert "and tree-nails, wedges,
and deck plugs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sails, tents, shades, awnings, and bags made by
sewing or pasting; building stone of all kinds, in-
cluding slate, marble, freestone, aud soapslone.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out
"shades."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words "or pasting," and in lieu thereof to in-
sert " from fabrics or other articles upon which
a duty or tax has been paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert "bags
made of paper."
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. MYERS. I move to insert "cordage
and rigging." You have made thehulls, masts,
spars, and everything necessary in the construc-
tion of vessels, free of tax, and I suppose that
cordage and rigging were accidentally omitted
by the committee. Rope-makers have more to
contend with than the manufacturers of these
other articles. The introduction of manilla
rope eomes into competition with them and has
produced a depression in the business.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 30, noes 36.
Mr. MYERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Myees
and Plants were appointed.
The committee was again divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 50, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move to insert "silex used
in the manufacture of glass." The Committee
of Ways and Means have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I move to add "and rock,
ground, and calcined gypsum." I have the
consent of the chairman of the committee to
insert this amendment. Gypsum is used for
building purposes, known as plaster of Paris;
when ground as a fertilizer and as plaster; also
for finished work or stucco. I have introduced
in the amendment the general term gypsum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Burrstones, millstones, and grindstones, rough or
wrought; monuments of stone of all kinds, not ex-
ceeding in value the sum of $100.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to add the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, however, That monuments exceeding the
value aforesaid, erected by public or private contri-
butions to commemorate the services of Union sol-
diers who have fallen in battle shall be exempt from
taxation.
I need hardly say to the House, because
everybody knows, that in almost every com-
munity throughout this nation people are erect-
ing very costly monuments to the memory of
the gallant men who have fallen in the service
of their country, and that a tax upon private
generosity exhibited in this way would be re-
volting to our sense of propriety. I think there
will be no objection to this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out all of the
paragraph in relation to monuments except the
first three words, namely, "monuments of
stone." I do not know upon what principle
it is that we should tax a monument erected
either to the memory of the dead or in com-
memoration of any public event, or of anything
worthy of commemoration. I do not know why
we should be prevented from erecting in our
cemeteries those monuments of art with which
they are adorned. I can see no reason why we
should foster foreign art rather than to invite
the introduction of our own American stone,
wrought by our own artists. There are many
cases where we have already adorned and
beautified these cemeteries by the introduction
of our own American marble and other stone,
and it seems to me it ought to be encouraged.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust this amendment
will not be adopted unless the committee should
suppose that they are at liberty to strike out
an amount beyond what was first proposed by
the committee in consequence of their action
on the income tax.
I will state that my estimate of the amount
of deficiency of the revenue was on the actual
receipts of last year. No one expects the re-
ceipts from the income tax for the year to come
will be more than one half what they were the
past year. The amount to be received from
the ten per cent, tax on incomes above §5,000
will not be one third as much as was received
last year. If we get $5,000,000 from that source
it will be all that any reasonable man can expect.
The days of large income-have passed away.
We shall not see them again for years to come.
I object to this particular amendment for the
reason that many gentlemen—not dead but
alive, and I hope likely to live many years—
are lavish in the expenditure of this money for
family monuments. There is nothing in which
they are more generous than in the erection of
these monuments—monuments to the dead as
well as to their own good taste. As the bill
stands we propose to exempt all monuments
below £100. Those who erect and pay for
monuments above that price are amply able to
pay the taxes also. And now, by the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Williams, J which was a very appro-
priate one, we have exempted monuments in
commemoration of our gallant soldiers. I trust
these exemptions will be considered sufficient.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Roofing slate, slabs, and tiles; Roman a.nd water
cements, and lime; brick, fire-brick, draining tiles,
earthen and stone water-pipes.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after
"draining tiles," "cement, drain, and sewer
pipes." Also to add "window-glass of all
kinds."
The amendment was agreed to.
' The Clerk read as follows:
Plows, cultivators, harrows, straw and hay cutters,
planters, seed-drills, horse-rakes, and winnowing
mills.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to insert
before the word "plows," "reapers, mowers,
threshing-machines." This is in accordance
with the amendment made by the committee a
day or two since on page 89, line two thousand
and one, where the words "reapers, mowers,
threshing-machines'' were stricken o%t. I gave
notice at the same time 1 would move to insert
them in this place in the free list. I have
nothing to add to what I said then.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Allow me to
suggest the addition of "mills and apparatus
for producing molasses or sugar from sorghum,
beets, or corn."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would rather
take the question on the amendment as it
stands.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope the gen-
tleman will add " separators," an attachment
to the threshing-machine for the purpose of
separating the wheat from the chaff.
Mr. MORIIILL. I suggest that we had bet-
ter allow this amendment to be offered in an
independent shape. A yea and nay vote will
probably be called in the House on the ques-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will add the
word "separators;" so that my amendment
will be, "reapers, mowers, threshing-machines,
and separators."
The amendment was agreed to. «
Mr. PLANTS. I move to insert "sorgho
mills, evaporators, and drainers."
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I suggest the
addition of " mills and machinery for the man-
ufacture of sugar, sirup, and molasses, from
sorghum, imphee, beets, or corn."
Mr. PLANTS. I accept that. I think the
machinery should be exempt from tax. The
manufacture of sirup has been of vast advan-
tage to the country in the last few years. It
has been generally carried on upon the farm.
Almost every farmer in the country manufac-
tures it for domestic use or home consumption.
The machinery for producing it costs from
three to five hundred dollars, and the tax on
the machine will be from fifteen to twenty-five
dollars, which is quite a serious tax, and I think
in accordance with the policy adopted in other
matters this ought to be exempt.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no end to the
amount that will be withdrawn from the reve-
nue if all these additions are made to the free
list. It will be much more than gentlemen
are aware of. If any articles are to be ex-
empted, it should be those articles used by the
laboring men, and not the mowers, threshing-
machines, and cultivators, which are made by
parties who have the entire monopoly of the
trade and can get any price they may ask, and
which are purchased by men who are able to
pay the highest price for them, and who will
have to at any rate. The manufacturers of the
hand-rake, and of otherarticles of common use,
such as shovels, hoes, axes, scythes, spades,
and manure-forks, certainly, it seems to me,
ought to be looked after first, rather than the
manufacturers of reapers and mowers. It is
now proposed to exempt machines for the man-
ufacture of sugar and molasses from sorghum.
We do not tax at all the article that is made,
and can we not afford to pay some tax on the
machinery by which it is made ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Imoyeproformd
to strike out the last word. The gentleman
from Vermont seems to forget that we treated
him very kindly yesterday by putting about
fifteen million dollars into this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Not over $5,000,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am guided only
in my statement by what the gentleman said the
other day at the opening of the debate. I read
from his speech, as follows ;
"In a republican form of government the true
theory is to make no distinctions as to persons in tho
rates of taxation. Recognizing no class for special
favors, we ought not to create a class for special bur-
dens. Pursuing this principlea majority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have agreed to that por-
tion of the bill which makes the income tax after this
year a uniform one of five per cent, upon the annual
gains. The loss to the revenue will be large—about
seventeen million dollars—and itwillbe forthe House
to say whether the bill shall stand as reported or
wh eth er reli ef in any other direction is more urgently
demanded."
It may be that it is no more than $5,000,000,
but he misled us, when he opened this debate,
into supposing that it was $17,000,000, and so
we very kindly put this amount in the bill yester-
day. Therefore these amendments are entirely
proper to-day.
Mr. MORRILL. It was very good reading
so far as the gentleman went, but he did not
read the whole of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I took the whole
paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL. He should have read this
further explanation:
"It will be seen that I estimate a reduction in the
revenue received from manufactures, on account of
a depreciation of values, of about twenty-five per
cent., and a reduction upon incomes and dividends
of rather more than that amount."
If the gentleman will take pains to examine
my estimate in detail he will very soon find out
that I anticipated, for the year 186G-G7, no such
amount from income as was obtained last year.
The deductions were computed, as a matter of
course, upon the receipts of last year, and then,
in addition, such as appeared probable on ac-
count. of lower prices and less profits.
