2m
THE COjNTGrBESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
the counties of Indiana. and' .Payette, where
they belong. But that was 110 substantial rea-
son for rejecting them. Wherever the soldiers
polled those votes they could have been re-
turned to -the propar places. The statutes re-
quired that the-votes should be seat to the proper
<?onnty, im'd ajso'tp the secretary ,of the Com-
monwealth, Wder the/provisions of the seven-
teenth section of said act, which is as follows:
"Sec. 17. After eaiwassing the votes, in manner
aforesaid, the judgessbal 1 put in an envelope oae-of
theppll-hooksj with its tally-list,ai\d return of each
city or coiiaty, together with the tickets, and trans-
mit theaame, p r o p o r i y s eal ed iap aaddjraeied, through
the nearest post office, or 1>y express, as spoa as possi-
ble thereafter, to the prothonotary of the court - of
common pleas of the city or, county in which such
electors would'have voted if not in the military ser-
vice aforesaid, (being the city or county for which the
j>pll-boo.H was kept,) and the other poll-booi of said
city or county, inelosedin anenvelope, and sealed as
aforesaid, and properly directed, shall lie delivered to
one of the commissioners hereinafter provided for,
if such commissioner calls for the sameJu ten days,
and if notso called for the same shall be transmitted
by mail or by express as soon as possible thereafter,
to the secretary of the Commonwealth, who shall
earofully preserve the same, and on demand of the
proper prothonotary deliver to said prothonotary,
under his hand and official-seal, a certified copy of
the return of votes so transmitted to anil received by
him, for said eity or county, of which the demandant
is prothonotary."
The return was sent to the secretary of the
Commonwealth in pursuance of the statute
showing that there were 7 votes in this county
passed for Smith Fuller, as the certified copy
of record in due form of law, which I hold in
my hand, shows. I ask the gentleman who
threw out in his count the 7 votes, under
what rule of law or justice he did so, and on
what principle he deprived those soldiers of
one of their dearest rights ? But we do not
stop here. Suppose we tal$e the say-so of the
gentleman from Wisconsin that the sitting mem-
ber had 21 votes. Take 21 from 24 and still
Smith Fuller has 3 majority.
"We come now to the Saterlee hospital vote.
Six votes were cast for Smith Fuller and one
for Dawson. Let us look at the record on
pages 336, 337, 338, and 218 of second book.
It shows the names of all those who voted, and
according to the doctrine of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, they ought to have been counted.
Here is the record, and I ask all the members
of this House whether these votes ought to have
been thrown out. On page 338 we have clear
proof that they ought to have been counted.
It is objected by the gentleman that there is
no return because it is signed by the clerks in-
stead of by others; but that is substantial com-
pliance with the Pennsylvania statute. The
pages 336, 337, 338, and 218 read as follows:
Return of the Election,
At an election held on the, second Tuesday of Octo-
ber, A, D.#1S61, tho qualified electors of Fayette
county, btate of Pennsylvania, being in the actual
military -sorvico aforesaid, antf unable to attend
any company poll, or their proper place of election
at Carver hospital, being the place selected by the
said doctors frr opening the poll for this.election,
there were cast—
For Representative in the House of Representa-
tives of tho united States, ——— votes: of which——
had votes.
(This return is composed entirely of blanks.—
Printer.)
A true return of the election held as aforesaid, on
the second Tuesday of October, 1864, A. I). 1864. Cer-
tified by us the day and yc^r aforesaid,
GEORGE HINDS,
Hospital Steward, U.S.A.,
JOiTtf W. WINDSOR,
Private YtOtli company V. R, G..
IX. It. WEST,
Corporal company U, 143c/ Pennsylvania,
Judges of the said Election.
Attest:
William C. Stink, Glerh Carver Hospital, _
Hekbekt S. Gee, Musician, 52d company V. jZ. C.
[No. 2.]
Poll-book 0f the election held on the scconcl Tuesday
or October, in the year 18o4, by the qualified elect-
' 9™$} several counties. State of Pennsylvania,
m the actual military or naval scrvice under the
requisition of the President of the United States,
and bemg unablo to attend any company poll, or
other proper place of election, thi3 election being
atfeattcrlec hospital, in thocounty of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, which place they, the said electors,
being preseiit, have selected for opening a poll for
the said ejection,and certify herein; EzraS. Little,
i ^ Mciiane, and James R. Baroux, being then
a3x ™ r(*. elected judges of tho said election,
Charles II. Green and Charles S. Bailey, being
duly appointed olerks of said election, being all
severally sworn according to the certificates here-
with returned.
Oaths and affirmations of the judges and clerics.
Wc, Ezra S. Little, James B. Baroux, and James
J3, jytcLane, judges of this election, and Charles S.
Bailey and Charles H.Green, clerks thereof, do each
severalty swear that we will perforin the duties of
judges and clerks of said election, severally acting as
set forth in tho act of the General Assembly of the
S^ite pi* Pennsylvania, entitled "An act regulating
elections by soldiers in actual military service," ac-
cording to law ami to the best of our abilities, and that
we, will studiously endeavor to prevent fraud,-deceit,
or abuse in conducting the said election.
Attest:
- I hereby certify that James R. Baroux and James E.
McLanc, judges, and Charles S. Bailey and Charles
11. Green, clerks aforesaid, were, before proceeding
to take'any votes at said election, first duly sworn as
aforesaid by me.
Witness, my hand this 11th day of October, A. D.
1864. EZRA LITTLE,
Judge of said Election.
I certify that Ezra S. Little, judge of election afore-
said, was also duly so sworn according to law before
me. >
Witness ray-hand the date above written.
CHARLES H. GREEN,
Clerk of said Election.
We hereby certify that the aforesaid electors pres-
ent, being more than ten, did select the aforesaid
Satterlec United States Army general hospital to be
the place for opening a poll tor the said election.
Witness our hands the day and year aforesaid.
EZRA S. LITTLE.
JAMES R. BAROUX,
JAMES E. McLANE,
Judges of said Election.
Attest:
Chaeles'H". Green,
Chables S. Bailey,
Cleric#.
Number and names of the electors voting at the said
election, and their county, city, borough, township,
ward, or preeiiict of residence.
Nam&. County. City, &c.
1. Elbridgo G.MaizeJCJmon Lewisburg.
2. Jacob Bangs .York Hanover.
3. A. Mothersbaugh....Huntingdon..Eranklin.
4. Henry A.Belknap./Wayne Buckingham.
5. Henry McCleary....Bedford Napier.
6. Ilcnry Sheldon Wayne Preston.
7. J. W. Smelker Huntj.ngdon..Shirloy.
8. H. S. Thompson Center Half-Moon.
9. Geo. W.Glidwell....Sullivan Elkland.
10. Abraham Robison..Blair Hollidaysburg.
11. Reuben.Shark Erie Waterford.
12. Joseph L.Fraure....Montour...r...Danville.
13. David Love Center Warrior's Mark.
14. John Trump .Dauphin Dauphin.
15. J. F. ChamberIain..Lancaster Bart.
16. JohnJames Mercer Mill Creek.
17. Benj. S. Riley,3r Philadelphia
city, 24th ward.
18. Josephus W. IIulLLancastcr Earl,
19. Fred'k Katzaman..Lebanon Myerstown.
20. Peter P. Love Jefferson Knox.
21. Wm. R. Sichler Union Mifflinburg.
22. Haley Wren Schuylkill ....Riley.
23. John Englebert Adams Straban.
24. William Etters Center Burnside.
25. Thomas Collins Crawford Rockdale.
26. Frederick Links Franklin Chambersbburg.
27. Josiah W. Fries Carbon Mauch Chunk.
28. Samuel Ovcrdorff....Indiana Brush Valley.
29. Naph. Woodburn...Bradford Rome.
30. Wm. H. Divine Clarion Porter.
31. John A. Dounelly...Wostmore'd,.Unity.
32. John Shoemaker...Crawford Wayne.
33. Wm. Vanorsdale.M.Susqucha'a...Montrose.
34. Hiram Michael .Lancaster EastDonegal.
35. John R. Lindsay....Clarion FaHnington.
36. William Russell Alleghany Price.
37. Henry Koover Schuylkill ....Ashland. 1
38. James U. Wiggins,.Wyoming Clinton.
39. Joseph K. Brown—Fayette  Connellavillo.
40. John R. D. Say Venango Richland.
41. David C. Simpson..Indiana Indiana.
42. Orlando A. Ellis Indiana E.Mahoning.
43. Andrew Artmnn Armstrong....Tiscomintas.
44. Jos'a D. Thornton..Luzerne Benton.
45. Nelson Keys Jefferson Warsaw.
46. William Kirkman..Jcffcrson Pine Creek.
47. George Kupp, Center Aaronsburg.
48. Hiram Roth ....Lycoming Montoursville.
49. Samuel Marshall...Washington..Buffalo.
50. William A. Gavitt.Bradford East Smithfleld.
51. Chas. D. Sterling....Wyoming Meshoppur.
52. Henry W. Carner...Bradford Asylum.
53. Fre^e'n N. Wilcox...Bradford .New Albany.
54. Isaiah Peeht Mifflin Armaugh.
55. Sain'l H. Phillips—Mifflin Armaugh.
56. Jacob Shultz Columbia Center.
57. Matthew Keys Jefferson Warsaw.
58. Harlan Potter Luzerne Huntington.
59. Edward E. Kelley..Potter...., Alleghany.
6tf. Robert Hunter Mercer Charlestown.
61. Robert J. Kelley...Center Worth.
62. Josiah Phillips Potter...........Ulysses.
63. Jacob U. Beal Somersett Northampton,
64. Frederick Vosle....Venango Harmony.
65. James E.Curtis Susquoh'a.. .Jackson.
66. George E. Sevin Allegheny .....Scwickly.
6,7., Wm. E. Barnard Susqueh'a. ...Harford.
68. William A.Kech....Mercer West Greenville.
69. Samuel J:Melvin..Washington..Eldersville.
70. Edwin G. Owen Bradford Wysox.
71. David Hart ^Lancaster WestEarle.
72. Horace A.Roberts.,Susciueh'a Jessup.
73. Philip Rockwell Jefferson Winslow.
74. David Johnson Lawrence Plain Grove.
75. William Hozlett....Alleghany Alleghany City,
23d district,
76. CorneliusSullivan.Lawren^ce,.....Union,
77. Lewis Mechling.....Westi 6re>d..Mt. Pleasant.
78. John A. Robb .Merccr French Creek*.
79. Albert Dunn Erie McKcan.
80. Wm. M. Zeigler Alleghany Baldwin.
81. James S.Starr Chester. ,.E. Bradford. *
82. Wm.W.Watthour..Westmore*d,.jN. Huntingdon.
83^ Richard Dye Union Lewisburg„
84. Charles M. McCoy..Beaver ..Green.
85. Alex. Snaulding. ...Bradford Home.
86. James Lebar Tioga Westfield.'
87. Daniel Chambers...Butler Alleghany.
88. Lewis C.Pierce Butler Clary.
89. Charles H.Cole Bradford.......Wilmot.
90. Easic Kien Columbia.^....Catawissa.
91. Edward.P. Jones...Center Worth.
92. EzyaS. Little Bradford Wysox.
93. John A. B. Myers..Adams Gettysburg.
94. James E. McLane..Venango Oil City.
It is hereby certified by us that the above list of
doctors voting at the said election is correct, and that
the number of electors of the several counties in the
State of Pennsylvania, voting at the said election,
amounts to ninety-four (94.)
Witness our hands the day and year aforesaid.
EZRA S. LITTLE, *
JAMES R. BAROUX,
JAMES E. McLANE,
Attest i Jtidges cf Election.
Charles S. Bailey,
Charlks II. Green,
Clerks of the Election.
Tally-paper or list of votes and return for each person
voted for at the said election by the qualifiedvoters of
the several counties, Sf-ate of Pennsylvania.
For Representative in the House of Representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States, Smith
Fuller had 6 votes; John L. Dawson had 1 vote.
For representatives in the House of Representa-
tives of Pennsylvania, George E. Smith had-5 votes;
James R. McAfee had 5 votes; James McElroy had
5 votes; John Hargnett had 1 vote; John W. Riddle
had 1 vote: John Mullen had 1 vote.
We hereby certify that the aforesaid tally-paper
and list of votes is correct.
Witness our hands the day and year aforesaid.
CHARLES S. BAILEY,
CHARLES II. GREEjf,
  Clerks.
Office Secsetaky of the Commonwealth,
^ Habrisbdeg, April 16, 1866.
Pennsylvania, ss ;
X do hereby certify that the foregoing and annexed
is a correct copy of tho return of an election held on
the second Tuesday of October, in the year 1804, at
Satterlee hospital, in the county of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, so far as the game relates to the vote
for Congress in the counties of Westmoreland, Indi-
ana, and Payette, as the same remains fln iile in this
office. _
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
r T _ -i and caused the seal of the secretary's office,
this 16th day of April, A. D. 1864.
ELI SLIFER,
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
We next come to Camp Hamilton and Fil-
bert street hospital. Camp Hamilton returns 2
votes for Fuller and Filbert hospital 1 for Ful-
ler. The return here is unsigned, but the whole
poll-book shows oath and bonajidevote. See
pages 810, 331, and 312 of Book 2, which reads
as follows ;
[No. 46.]
Poll-book of the election held on the second Tues-
day of October, ia the year 1864, by the qualified
electors of various counties of the State of Penn-
sylvania, being in actual military service, under
tho requisition of tho President of the United
States, in company i\ of the third Pennsylvania
artillery, one hundred and fifty-second resriment
of Pennsylvania volunteers, held at Camp Hamil-
ton, near Fort Monroe, ^Virginia, Daniel Bailey,
vt. W. Kelts, and William Harper, being duly
electedjudges of the said election, and Theodoro
II. Blake and Richard W. Jackson, being duly
appointed clerks of said election, being all sev-
erally sworn according to the certificates herewith
returned.
Oaths of the judges and clerks.
We, Daniel Bailey, G. W. Kelts, and William Har-
per, judges of this election, and T. H. Blake and
Kichard W. J-ackson, clerks thereof, do each sev-
erally swear that we will duly perform the duties of
judges and clerks of the said election, severally act-
ing as set forth in the act of the General Assembly
of Pennsylvania,_ entitled "An act to regulate elec-
tions by soldiers in actual military service," aecord-
mg to law and to the best of our abilities, and that
we will studiously endeavorto prevent fraud, deceit,
or abuse in conducting tho same.
DANIEL BAILEY,
O. W. KELTS.
WILLIAM HARPER,
uti'ltjes.
THEODORE II. BLAKI3,
B. W. JACKSON', Ulorks.
