1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
tinier pending the motion to lay the joint reso-
lution on the table. Tlie gentleman from Penn-
s}-lvania [Mr. AIooriiead] can withdraw the
resolution, if he pleases.
Mr. MOORBEAD. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is not disposed to withdraw it.
He wants an opportunity to say a word upon it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
Mr. ELDKIDG-E. When a gentleman offers
a resolution and demands the previous ques-
tion on it, he has no right to ask to be heard.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 50, not vot-
ing 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Aneona, Delos K.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham, Boutwell,
Bover, Brandc^ce, Biomwcll,Reader W. Clarke, Cof-
froth, Conkling,Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Denison, Dixon,
Donnelly, Ecklcy, Eggleston, Bldndgc, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Finek, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Aaron
Harding, Harris, Ilavcs, Henderson, Hill, Hoaran,
Hooper, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
JauiubXi.HubbellJIulburd, Ja.ujesMumi>hrey, Jajhes
M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckos, Kasson, Lailin,
Ijatham, Le Blond, Marshall, Marston. McCullough,
Melndoe, 3Icilucr, Morrill, Morris. Moulton, 3S; lblaek,
Oith, Paine, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pomcroy, Bad-
ford. Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins,
Ross, Rousseau, Schenck, Seofield, Siianklin, Sit-
m eaves, Stilwell, Strouse, Tabor, Taylor, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wcntworth,
Whaley, James F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Woodbridge—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Baxter, Beaman, Bidweil, Broom-
all, Bundy. Cobb, Driggs, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale,
Abnor C. Harding, llart, Jli&bv, Ilolmes, Ilotehkiss,
John II.Hubbard,Edwin N. iiubhell, Ivelley, Kelso,
ICotcham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Loneryeai, Lynch, M^Ciur^, McKee, Mereui,
Miller, Moorhead, Alvers. NewelbO'Neill. Perham,
Plants, Price, John il. Rice, Sawyer, Shellabarger,
Spaklmsr, Starr, Si even?, Thayer, Trowbridge, Up-
Son, Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, William B.
Washburn, and Stephen F. Wilson—CO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Blaine,
Blow, Buekland, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Culver,
Dodge, Duinont, Farquhar, Goodyear, Grider, Domas
Hubbard, Johnson, Jones, Julian,Kerr,Kuvkendall,
Mai vm, Nicholson, Nocli, Sloan, Smith, Robert T.
Van Horn, Warner, Welkcr, Williams, and Wright—27.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
disposition of captcued property.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Whereas by the several acts of Congress of the 13th
of July and the Gth of August. 1801, it is enacted that
all property of citizens oi the insurrectionary States,
found m said States or in transit between said States
or any section ol' the same, and the loyal States or
any soction of the same, either by land or by water,
and all voxels found at sea belonging either in whole
or in piirt fo citi/cns oi the msuirrclionaiy States,
and all properry wherever sifmited \vhn*ii may have
been used or in anyway disposed of in aid of the
rebellion, should when captured be lorleited, and the
proceeds th&'eof paid into the Treasury of the United
States; and whereas the President, by his procla-
mation of the JOth of August, IboJ, enjoined upon
all minbu> and naval officers ot the United States
to be diligent in the capture of sucli property tor
the use ot the United States; and whereas large
capture? of such property, the proceeds whereof
amount to several million dollais, have been made
bv naval and military oiiicers, and are claimed by
them for their own benefit, and not for the benefit
of the general Treasury of the UYiited States ; and
whereas such officers have been and are taking meas-
ures through the admiralty couiU of the United
States to have such property condemned and ad-
judged to then own use and that of the naval pen-
sion fund, and not, to the use of the creneral Treasury
of the United States; so that said fund already
amounts to more than ten million dollars, a like
amount having been distributed to the captors, the
interest of which is more than double the sum re-
quired for the naval pension fund; and whereas the
question is now pending before the Supreme Court,
whether sneh propeify so enptuvud should be for-
feited to the United States, or for the benefit of the
captor*; which question cannot, because of the press
of business m said court, be heard and determined
until the term thereof to be held ill December next;
and whereas before such determination in the Su-
preme Court there is danger that the major part of
said property may be distributed to the captors to
the detriment of the general Treasury of the United
States: Beit therefore
Helloed, That in the opinion of this House the
Secretary of the, Tren<nry should be, and hereby is,
requested to withhold from distribution all the pro-
ceeds of the captured property above described to
any of the captors or claimants under said captures
until such question may be settled by the Supreme
Court; and that the Secretary of the Treasury be
further requcbted to take such means as in his judg-
ment may seem proper to have the claims of the
Umied States in such cases fully heard in the adjudi-
cation of the questions arising under such captures.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would inquire if this
resolution is offered for reference or for action
at the present time.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer it for present ac-
tion, as an expression of the opinion of the
House. It does not determine anything at all,
except in reference to the opinion of the House.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think this resolution
should be more maturely considered and de-
liberated upon than it can be in this way.
Mr. STEVENS. I may say 
Mr. ANCONA. I object to debate.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I insist npon the call
for the previous question.
Mr. SliELLABARCrER. I would inquire
of the Chair if this is a joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. Itisnotajointresolution.
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution in its pres-
ent form is all that is desired elsewhere.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to any debate
upon this resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the consent of the House
to request the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
modify his resolution so as to request a return
of the property claimed by officers of the Army
and Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. I make that modification.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I sug-
gest to my colleague that this shouldbea joint
resolution in order to be effective.
Mr. STEVENS. I am informed that this
will be satisfactory, and will accomplish all the
purposes desired.
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes ninety-two, noes not counted.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the resolution and pre-
amble were agreed to.
Mr. STEVEN'S moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution and preamble were
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiie sexatjj.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Founey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of Emma J.
Hall.
The message also announced that the Senate
bad insisted on its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 122) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1807, disagreed to the
amendments of the House to others of the Sen-
ate amen anient.-!, agreed to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and appointed Messrs. Gki\ii:s,
Morgan, and Hexdiucks the committee on the
part of the Senate.
hibernia fire engine c01ipaxy.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, offered
the following resolution:
Whereas the Hibernia Fire Engine Company, No.
1, of Philadelphia, on the application ot the War
Department of the United States, and under the
order ot David M. Lyle, t'-n., chief engineer of the
tire department of that city, with the consent and
approval of its proper authorities, did send to for-
tress Aloriroe, Virginia, and to Washington, District
of Columbia, and place at the disposal ot tiie War De-
partment, their steam-engine, horses, hose-carriage,
hose, and other apparatus, tor the purpose ot being
u*-orl for the safety and protection ot the public stores
and property, both at fortress Momoe, Virginia, and
m the capital of the nation, and the same have so
been actively and efticicntly employed since Ihel^ih
dav of April. 1802. under the < outrol and direction
of the Quartermaster General of the United States
Army: Therelore,
Be it revolved, That the thanks of Congress be, and
they are hereby, tendered to the authoritiesof the city
of Philadelphia, and the Hibernia Fire Engine Com-
pany No. 1, of that city, for the gratuitous use of said
apparatus, which has been in the service of the Gov-
ernment nearly four years, and has been the means
of saving and protecting an immense amount of pub-
lic stores and other property generally, both public
and private, of great value, from destruction by fire
during the period aforesaid.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I move that this
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to that.
The motion of Mr. Farnsworth was agreed
to, and the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
paper circulating medium.
Mr. F. THOMAS submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Besolvecl, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of propo-
sing an amendment to the Constitution restricting
the power of Congress to issue a paper circulating
medium.
illinois central railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, stating, in replyto a res-
olution of the House, the amount paid to the
Illinois Central Railroad Company for trans-
portation, &c., by the United States, and the
amount claimed by the company as still due;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
organization o.f post office department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, transmitting a report
in regard to the violation of the act to change
the organization of the Post Office Department,
approved July 2, 1836; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to bo printed.
siiip-chanxel from port m'iIENRY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House respecting an appropriation
to complete the ship-channel from Fort Mc-
Heury to the mouth of the Patapsco ri\er;
which was refeired to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
civil rights bill.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House resolutions of the
State of New York, in regard to the civil
rights bill; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
committee service.
The SPEAKER announced the following
appointments to fill vacancies on committees:
On the Committee of Ways and Means,
Mr. Charles H. Wixfield, of New York.
On the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
Mr. William Radford, of New York.
On the Committee on Invalid Pensions, Mr.
Alexander II. Coffroth, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WINFIELD. Mr. Speaker, having been
appointed on the Committee of Ways and Means.
I am constrained to ask the House to excuse
me from further service on the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
It was ordered accordingly.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Dodge to
fill the vacancy on the Committee of Foreign
Affairs occasioned by Mr. Wixfield1 s resig-
nation.
Mr. RADFORD. I ask to be excused from
farther service on the Committee of Elections
and on the special committee on a military and
postal railioad to New York.
It was oidered accordingly.
treasurer oi<" the united states.
Mr. MORRILL moved that Senate bill No.
158, to facilitate the settlement of the accounts
of the Treasurer of the United States and
secure certain moneys to the people of the
United States or to the persons to whom they
are due and who are entitled to receive the
same, be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
pay of tub army.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back House bill No. 450, to reduce and estab-
lish the pay of officers, and to regulate the
pay of soldiers of the Army of the United
States, with a substitute, and moved that they
be ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
