1866.
THE GOiSTGEESSIONiiL GLOBE.
3777
X hereby certify that the aforesaid George W. Kelts
and William Harper, judges, and Theodore H. Blake
and Richard W. Jackson, clerks, were, before pro-
ceeding to take any votes at said election, first duly
sworn as afoiesaid by me.
Witness my hand this 11th day of October, A. D.
1864. DANIEL BAILEY,.
Jvdge of said Election.
I certify that Daniel Bailey, judge of election afore-
said, -was also duly so sworn according to law by me.
Witness my hand the date above written.
T. H. BLAKE,
Clerk of said Election.
"We hereby certify that the aforesaid electors pres-
ent, being more than ten, did select the aforesaid
Camp Hamilton, near Fort Monroe, Virginia, to be
the place tor opening a poll for the said election.
Witness our Lands the day and year aforesaid.
DANIEL BAILEY,
G. W. KELTS.
WILLIAM HARPER,
Attest: Judges of said Election,
Tiikodore H. Blake,
II. W. Jackson,
'Clerks*
Number and names of the electors voting at the mid elec-
tion, and their county, city, borought.township, ward,
or precinct of residence.
No. 85, Nicholas McCollah,(on age,) Fayette county,
Wharton township.
It is hereby certified by us that the above list of
electors voting at the said eloction is correct, and that
thenumber of electors of county, State of Penn-
sylvania, voting at thesaid election, amounts to .
Witness our hands the day and year aforesaid.
Attest:
Judges of the Election,
Clerks of the Election.
Tally-paper or list of votes for each person voted for at
the said election, by thequalified voters of county,
State of Pennsylvania.
For Representative in the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, had votes.
We hereby certify that the aforesaid tally-paper
and list of votes is correct.
Witness our hands the day and year aforesaid.
Cler)ts.
Return of the Election.
At an election held by the electors of county,
in company of the regiment of Pennsylva-
nia soldiers, at , on the sccond Tuesday of
October, A. D. 1864, there were cast--
For Representative in the House of Representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States, — votes;
of which Smith Fuller had 1 vote.
A true return of the election held as aforesaid, on
the second Tuesday of October, A. D. 1864, certified
by us the day and year aforesaid.
Attest:
Judges of the said Election.
Clerks.
Office Secretary of the Commonwealth,
Harrisburg, March 31,1866.
Pennsylvania, ss:
i do hereby certify that the foregoing is a correct
copy of the return of an election held on the second
Tuesday of October, in the year 1864, at Camp Hamil-
ton. near Fort Monroe, Virginia, as the same remains
on file in this office, so far as relates to the vote for
Congress in the county of Fayette.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
r t and caused the seal of said office to be affixed,
&- this jfl,t day of Marcb, A£Dfe18||Eiii
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
We have now a majority of 17 votes for Smith
Puller, the contestant. The record, therefore,
shows beyond all question that he is clearly
elected.
Now as to the formality. Let me refer to
the law of 1864 to which I have already ad-
verted, the twenty-seventh section of which is
as follows:
"Sec. 27. No mere informality in themanner of car-
rying; out or executing any of the provisions of this
act shall invalidate any election held under the same,
or authorize the return thereof to bo rejected or set
aside: nor shall any failure on the part of the com-
missioners to reach or visit any regiment or company,
or part of company, or the failure of any company or
part of company to vote, invalidate any election which
may be held under this act."
This section was put in just to prevent those
who want to stop or stifle the voice of the
people. We expected there would be no cavil-
ing or trouble after the amendment of the con-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 237.
stitution was adopted, but we were mistaken,
and it was thought by the passage of the act
of August 25, 1804, with this section it would
be a quietus to all those who were opposed to
the soldiers' vote.
Then in regard to the other part of the stat-
ute, providing that it shall be substantially a
certain form, we fixed the form for them to
follow, but it was merely to guide the election
officers in the field as to some form. Hence
the law declared that it should be substantially
this form. Nobody thought that that would
be attempted to be set aside if the form and
the act should not be followed.
I will now refer to a few cases in point. In
a contested-election case in the city of Phila-
delphia, (2 Phil. Rep., page 244,) the learned
judge who delivered the opinion says:
"It has been properly held that mere irregulari-
ties, when there is no reason to infer that the elec-
tion officers have acted in bad faith, will not invali-
date the returns. (Boileau's case, 2 Parsons, 503.)
Nor will the mere neglect of directory requirements
produce that effect.
" It is essential, however, that evidence of so great
importance should exhibit those marks of care in its
preparation, without which it may be rendered less
efficient or entirely unreliable, utter disregard of
the requirements of the law, in the recording of votes,
or in the preparation of the returns, amounting to
strong evidence of bad faith upon the part of the
officers, ought to, and will have the effect of destroy-
ing such returns as evidence."
Further on the court uses this language:
" We will not become parties to such a system, and
the only rule we can consent to adopt is the plain
one, already stated, that where honesty and integ-
rity are apparent mere omissions will bedisregarded,
but gross acts of negligence and apparent frauds will
at any stage of a case be regarded as the proper sub-
jects of the closest investigation. If this be not de-
termining aeaseupon its 'merits/ we have mistaken
the meaning of that term."
Now, in this case there is no allegation of
fraud, but a mere objection on the ground of
an alleged informal return, and that in conse-
quence of such informality the terms of the
statute were not complied with. If those voters
had been at home they would have had a clear
right to vote, and surely this flimsy objection
ought not to prevail to deprive them of that
right when in the field in defense of their
country.
Bat I go farther; I cite the case of the Peo-
ples. Cook, in the supreme court of New York,
(14 Barber, 285,) in which the court  ays:
" It becomes important, in this case, to determine
whether the objections which are taken to the in-
spectors of elections in the several cases presented, in
this bill of exceptions are of that character which
should be held to invalidate the canvass in these
several localities. These objections are of a twofold
character, extending to the regularity or legality of
their appointment, and of their omission to qualify,
by taking the proper oath of office. I will not stop
to inquire whether these inspectors, in these several
cases, were inspectors dejure or not. It is sufficient
that they were inspectors de facto."
On page 287, Judge Mason, of New York,
" The same rule was applied to the commissioners
of highways, who had omitted to take the oath of
officc in the case of the People vs. Covert, 0 ml ! 6/1;)
and the same rule was applied to a constable in the
case of the People vs. Hopson, (1 Denis 575:) and in
the matter of the election of directorsioi. the Mo-
hawk an\i Hudson "Railroad Company, (19 \Y cnt. I.*),)
the doctrine was applied to inspector^ of elections;
where it was expressly held that being omccis de
facto, their omission to take the oath prescribed hy
the statute did not invalidatethe election. Ihis dis-
poses of the question of the oath in regard to these
inspectors, as well as the clerks of the board; and
the only and remaining question is, whether these in-
spectors are to bo regarded as officers de facto, acting
under color of legal authority."
In the same case, page 311, will be found
the following :
"I cannot but think, however, that to hold that
the omissions of these officers, through negliffmice
mistakes, or other inadvertence, to comply with all
thesedireclions of the statute, should have the ettcct
to disfranchise the electors, would oe unjust m the
extreme, and, indeed, subversive of the fundamental
principles of our Government. I think that the only
sensible rule upon this subject is not to permit such
omissions, whetherthcy are the result of negligence,
ignorance, mistake, or fraud, to invalidate tue elec-
tion, whenever, by going behind the returns, the
canvass, or even the ballot-boxes, the true state oi
the canvass or ballot can be obtained, and the ex-
pressed will of the electors ascertained; and the
cases in this court have already gone this length.
Still further, on page 325, is the following:
" No one will doubt the importance of a rigid ad-
herence to all the provisions of the statute regulating
elections; nor will any one doubt that it is more im-
portant to ascertain the true result of the votes cast.
To vote is a right secured by a paramount law, arid
lies at the foundation of our Government; while i\c
statute was intended simply to regulate the conduct
of those who receive, canvass, and make returns of
the votes, for the benefit of those upon whom the
right to vote has been conferred, unrestricted as to
form, except that it shall be by ballot. If a strict
adherence to the directions of the statute are indis-
pensable to the validity of an election, and they aro
not complied with, the penalty falls upon the voter,
notwithstanding the exact result has been ascer-
tained, and that, too, through the medium of officers
who, so far as the public and third persons are con-
cerned had the right to receive the votes. This, in
effect, would mako the regulation more imjioitant
than the right—the statute and not the constitution
the paramount law—and would result so far as con-
cerns the election at which the statute directions
have not been obeyed, cither through the ignorance,
carelessness, or design of the officers of elections, in
a virtual disfranchisement of those upon whom the
right to vote has been conferred, except in thobo cases
where power is conferred to vacate an election, and
restore the electors to their original rights. "VTe have
no such power. The result of an election, when con-
troverted in court, is like a judgment sued upon,"
Then further, on page 327 :
"In 1830 a contest arose out of an election in Ten-
nessee, where bythe statute each ticketwas required
to be putin a box, to be locked up or otherwise well
secured; the place made in the box for the reception
of tickets to be scaled at the close of the polls, when
the inspectors were to take charge of it and keep it
until the next day, when the seal was to be removal.
Upon an investigation, upon the petition of Arnold,
contesting the seat of Sea, it appeared that in one
portion of the district out of which the contest arose,
a gourd instead of a box was used for the reception
of tickets, which, at the closo of the polls, was tied
up in a handkerchief. In another portion of the dis-
trict the inspectors of election were not sworn, and
in another the ballot-box was not kept over niglit by
an inspector but by a blind man, who locked it in a
desk and kept it there over night. The committee
to whom the petition was referred were of opinion
that the omission by the inspectors to be sworn did
not vitiate the election; and that, notwithstanding
tho irregularities in conducting the election, it had
been conducted fairly and honestly; and that tho
seat of Sea ought not, therefore, to be vacated. A
resolution to that cifcct was adopted by the House.
(Contested Electionsin Congress, 601, tH)2, 605.) Tho
principle adopted in each of these cases is sustained
by one clearly implied in that of Bronson, J., in the
cascofthePeople® .'Vail,(20\Vcnd.l4,)whcrohcrcpeis
the idea that the wiJlofthe electors, plainlvexpiessed
in the forms prescribed by law, can bo defeated by
the negligence, mistake, or fraud of the officers ap-
pointed to register the result of an election. And m
the case of Strong, petitioner, (20 Rich. 491, 102,)
Morton, J., says: * It would bo more in consonanco
with the spirit of our institutions, to inflict severe
punishment upon the misconduct, intentional ox ac-
cidental, of the officers, but to receive the votes,
whenever they can be ascertained with reasonable
certainty.' Upon principle, therefore,_ fortified by tho
opinions of experienced and learned judges of courts
of justice, a departure, by the inspectors of elections
or clerks of tue polls, from the statute directing tho
manner of conducting elections, whether it be at-
tributable to ignorance, negligence, or fraudulent
design, cannot deprive the electors of their right, se-
cured by a paramount law, unless one or more of
the causes has rendered it impossible to ascertain
the result with reasonable certainty."
I will refer to report of an election in Penn-
sylvania in 1865, in which the same question
came up in regard to these soldiers. On page
0 of the report it says:
"Your committee is of opinion that the command
of the twenty-seventh section of the act of 18(54 speaks
to all the tribunals before which such ic turns of sol-
diers' votes may come. It is a positive command to
prothonotaries in certifying to returns. It is a like
command to county return judges; also to district
return judges. To courts on the trial of contested
elections; to the clerk of the lloutcin making out his
ioil of members; to the House in admitting them to
scats; and to committees selected to try contested
elections. No informality, or even bad faifh, on tho
part of any ono of these tribunals in rejecting sol-
diers' vote* would bind the next tribunal before whom
they might come, Tho effort of two distnct.iudges to
throw out soldiers' votes enough to change the result
ot the election in any district could have no binding
force upon the clerk of the House or upon the House
itself. These judges were not acting within the scope
of their legitimate authority. Their omission to sign
the true return was but an informality, winch the la w
expressly declares shall not vitiate. It is scarcely
necessary to add that Messrs. Meyers and 1 inley never
contested the seat awarded by the House to Messrs.
Armstrong and lloss."
And on pages 11 and 12, I read the follow-
inS:
"Your committee also called before them citizens
of Westmoreland county, to whose testimony the at-
tention of the House is invited. The prothonotary
of that county pursued a different, but equally as
extraordinary and illegal a coarse as the prothono-
taries of the counties of Bedford and Adams. Ho
declined to certify a copy of the return of votes from
?nd by the soldiers, as directed bythe act of lSol, but
sent before the return judgestho returns themselves.
The said prothonotary was proven, belorc your coin-
