1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3779
side of the case it stands as reported by the
gentleman from Wisconsin. But I propose to
go to the other side and show to the House
what is the reply to that ease made by the sit-
ting member, and to show what, effect that has
on the merits of the case before I reach the
counting of the votes.
I give the House warning that I am obliged
to wade through a system of practice, intro-
duced for the first time in my recollection in
this case, so utterly in defiance of statute reg-
ulation as I think the House will, when they
come to understand it, agree to what the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin said yesterday, that it
was the opinion of the committee that they
had gone too far in this case to oblige the con-
testant without going into what he calls the
merits of the case.
Sir, the modes of trial indicated by statute
system, the pleading adopted in courts, the
rules of allegation and answer adopted in this
House to govern the action of tribunals before
which facts are to be elicited have foundation
in fact, and in the long run conduce toward
the truth and cannot be abandoned without
destroying the assurance we may have of arriv-
ing at the truth. And no court does justice
to itself that countenances defiant efforts by
parties before it contrary to the rules sanc-
tioned by courts of law.
I ask you, Mr. Speaker, to listen to what
this Congress has said shall be the mode and
method of trying election cases. I ask whether
you propose to abandon and throw up the case
and say there shall be no such thing hereafter
as compelling a contestant to give a sitting
member notice of the particular ground upon
which the contestant proposes to make the
contest. Now, the statute says:
"Whenever any person shall intend to contest the
election of any member of the House of Represent-
atives of the United States he shall within thirty
days"—
I want you to mark that.
"That he shall within thirty days after the result
of such election shall have been determined by the
officer or board of canvassers"
I ask the House to remember that—
"or board of canvassers authorized by law to de-
termine the same, give nptice in writing to the mem-
ber whose seat he .designs to contest that it is his
intention to contest the same; and m such notice
shall state particularly the grounds upon which he
relies in the contest."
It is hardly worth while to call attention to the
reasonableness of this. It is the law, and it is
not only the law, but it is founded in reason
and justice. See how it was conformed to in
this case. On the 4th of November, 1804, the
board of canvassers determined the result in
this district, and gave to the sitting member
his certificate of election. Subsequently to
that, in conformity to law, on the 30th of De-
cember, the Governor of the Commonwealth
issued a general proclamation declaring that
these judges had decided that the sitting mem-
ber was elected, with others. Within thirty
days, says the statute, any one intending to
contest the seat shall serve upon the member
notice thereof; and the statute says expressly
that the notice shall be served upon him.
When this statnie was enacted an attempt
was made to provide for a notice at his house,
or to a third person residing at hisjiouse; and
expressly did the Congress of the United States
vote down the proposition to give that author-
ity, and declared that it must be a personal
notice on him. And this House, during this
very present session, has adopted that con-
struction in the case of Follett vs. Delano.
For a notice to be served upon the sitting
member according to law? it mustha\e been
served upon hiro personally before the 4th day
of December last; that would make the thirty
days. Now, this Congress met on the 4th day
of December ; the sitting member was a mem-
ber of' it, and it was known to everybody m
Pennsylvania that he would probably be in his
seat here that day. And yet, on the 6th day
of December, thirty-two days after the notice,
and at a time when the contestant must have
Known that the sitting member was in his seat
here, what was done? I will read the return:
Fayette County, sv :
On this 7th day of September, A. D. 1865, before me,
the subscriber, one of the Commonwealth justices of
the peace in and for the county of Fayette, person-
ally appeared Beason Lynch, who, being by me duly
affirmed according to law, says that he served the
within notice, by a true copy thereof, contesting the
electionof Hon. John L.Dawson, in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, by Smith Fuller, Esq., by leaving a copy
of the same with Biddy Reynolds on the evening of
the 6th day of December, A. D. 1864, at his residence,
to which place he invited her, believing her to be his
(Dawson's) housekeeper, she having the keys of his
house, he and his family being absent from home at
the time. REASON LYNCH, Constable.
Affirmed and subscribed before me the day and
date above mentioned,
WILLIAM L. WILKINSON,
Justicc of the Peace.
That was all the notice that was ever served
upon the sitting member, and it was given at
his place of residence thirty-two days after he
had received the certificate of election, and
when it was known that he ought to have been
in his seat here. They hunted up an Trish girl
in some other part of the town, who had been, I
suppose, although there is no evidence of the
fact, a servant of the sitting member, enticed
herto hishouse, and getting her to turn the door
key handed over to her this notice; and that is
all the notice that was ever served upon the
sitting member. Now, I do not mean to im-
pute to Mr. Smith Fuller any design to wait
before serving his notice until the sitting mem-
ber had come on here and taken his seat. I
only say that if he did not know that the sitting
member would leave his home before the 4th
day of December, which was the end of the
thirty days, then I am sorry for'him.
The law says that the service of notice shall
be personal. Now, how did we get over that?
I am almost ashamed to tell the House; but
in our anxiety to ascertain whether Smith Ful-
ler really had any right to contest this seat on
the merits, the committee put their heads to-
gether to get over this difficulty. And I will
tell the House frankly, whatever opinion they
may have of us as lawyers, how we got over
it. We said, that for the purposes of this case,
we would hold that the board of canvassers
who canvassed the result and gave the certifi-
cate to the sitting member should not be con-
sidered as having determined the result, but
that in order that justice might not fail, we
would hold that the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor stating who was elected should be the
initial point from which the thirty days should
run; and that he should have the right to serve
his notice thirty days trom that date. Well,
we got into another trouble when we did that,
because that proclamation was not issued until
the 30th day of December, and the notice
was served on the 0th; so that it was served
twenty-four days too soon. I am on the " con-
fessional" now, and I will tell you the whole
story. He served his notice twenty-four days
before the statute began to run; he fired off
his gun too soon. [Laughter.] How did we
get over that? We turned to the sitting mem-
ber's answer, and we found this statement:
"This respondent is a Representative inthe Thirty-
Eighth Congress of the United States. The second
sest-ion of that body commenced on the 5th day oi
December, 1861; and this respondent, to be in readi-
ness for the discharge of his official duties, arrived
in Washington city on the morning of the 4fh. On
the 12th of said month he received by mail, Horn
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, a paper bearing d;«e at
Uniontown, Pennsylvania, December 3, 1864. with
the name of Smith Fuller appended, purporting to
be a notice to this respondent that the said Smith
Fuller would contest his election as Representative
of the twenty-first district of Pennsylvania in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United States. This
respondent knew nothing of said papers until the
60.id 12th day of December. Vy hother the same wtis
written or signed by the said Smita ^r'}
' some other person, he does not know, and has no
means of knowing."
That is to say, that in his answer he acknowl-
edged that on the 12th day of December he got
the notice. So we took him at his word. But
that did not get us entirely out of the difficulty,
because even that was eighteen days before the
time began to run. We were therefore con-
strained" to put our heads together again to get
over that difficulty, and we did it in this way:
we ruled, in order that justice might not fail,
that if the sitting member got the notice on the
12th of December, he probably kept it till the
30th, and that we would presume that on the
00th it was in his possession; or that if a man
gets a notice too soon and answers it, and does
not take advantage of that defect, we decide
that he might reasonably be held to have waived
that objection.
Well, then, we had another trouble, because
in this answer the sitting member says:
"This respondent therefore excepts to said pro-
tended notice, for the following reasons, namely:
" 1. That said pretended notice was never served.
"2. That said pretended notice was never served
on this respondent pesronally.
"3. That said pretonded notice was not served
within the time required by law.
" This respondent further excepts to said pretended
notice that the same is insensible, unintelligible, and
so vague and general in its allegations as to furnish
this respondent with no means whatever of making
even a conjecture as to the particular grounds upon
whieli said Fuller designs to contest the validity of
his election."
And last of all we were driven to rule, in
order that the case might not fall right through,
that excepting to the notice on the ground
that it was not served within the time was not
excepting to it on the ground that it was served
before the time; and under that ruling we held
the respondent to answer to this notice.
I submit, therefore, that the Committee of
Elections might well querry whether they had
not gone too far for the ease and comfort of
such men as may serve upon that committee
in time to come. Now, I ask the House to
listen for one moment to the allegations of
the contestant, to see what it is that this re-
spondent is required to meet. He undertook
to sustain his case by eleven allegations, all ot
which but three he abandoned on the hearing
before the committee. And he really under-
took to sustain but one of them. Before I
proceed further, however, I wish once more'
to read to the House from the statute what
should be the character of this notice :
" And in such nolice shall specify particularly the
grounds upon which ho relies in the contest."
Mr. SCOFIBLD. The gentleman will allow
me to ask him a question. The remarks of
the gentleman in relation to this notice are an
entire surprise to me, and I feel constrained
to notice them. I want to ask the gentleman
if the committee was not unanimous, himself
leading off, in deciding that (he time from
whieli the thirty days began to run was the
day upon which the Governor issued his proc-
lamation, and if he did not himself decide, in
a case which we had in the last Congress, that
where the notice was given too early, if an
acknowledgment of it was made by the sitting
member or the contestant as the case might
be, without objecting to the time, that was a
sufficient notice. Was not the decision that
the time began to run from the proclamation
of the Governor in Pennsylvania, and did not
the gentleman bring forward his own prece-
dent in the case of the last session ? Did not
he himself approve it, and was not the decis-
ion unanimous by the committee? There was
no such straining or arguing to evade the law
or the fact presented by anybody in that com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. That the statement of the
facts surprises the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Scofiei-dJ does not surprise me so
much as it does that he thinks his present
statement conflicts at all with what I have
said.
Mr. SCOFIELD. "What I mean to say is
this: there are a great many things which the
gentleman has stated which I believe to be
wholly a«nd literally true. But his whole ver-
sion of the matter is such a burlesque of the
reasons that influenced the committee m de-
ciding this question, that if it was anywhere
else I would say that the gentleman was de-
signing to burlesque it. Still, with his solemn
voice and impressive manner^ and marching
up and down, the aisle? I suppose he designs
