#06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
February 10,
enough to enter upon another that will be purely
voluntary; and if the reconstructed States shall
insist, when they are in a condition to do so,
that we shall deal with the negro ourselves as
we have compelled them to deal with him, I
_doubt not that the justice of the North, with its
vision pui'ged by the rising beams of universal 1
liberty, will anticipate any action here, by un-
doing -what nothing but a base servility to the
perished feudalism of the South could ever have
accomplished.
But why hurry the return of these States?
Why undertake the hopeless and preposterous
task ofresortiug not only to temptation, but com-
pulsion, for the purpose of bringing about a re-
union which can only subsist where it is spon-
taneous, and can rest securely on no other foun-
dation than mutual respect and goodwill ? It is
agreatproblem, and a difficult one. Is there any
immediate overshadowing necessity for their
reappearance here? Is there any adequate in-
ducement, to indemnify us for the admitted risks
we must incur from immature and ill-considered
action ? What would be thought of the sanity
of the man in private life who would insist on
hurrying back to his embrace and confidence
the unfaithful partner who had violated a sworn j
engagementoffidelity.purloinedhis goods, fired •
Ilia dwelling, and murdered a part of its de- ]
feBders; who instead of yielding had only been
surrendered by his slaves, or overtaken and dis- i
armed by the officers of justice, and had never j
even admitted his crime, or given one token of j
rcpentance? Istherenotdangerenoughalready i
in the rapid process of disbandment and sur- !
render that has been going on under our own [
eyes, to the terror of our only loyal friends, both j
white and black, in the South, without reference
to the wishes or opinions of the people or their
Representatives here, and in defiance of offi-
cial information collected by the Government
itself that the spirit which inaugurated and di-
rected this hellish revolt was as rife as ever in
the land, that we should insist on strewing palm-
branches in their way, and inviting them to the
honors of a triumph at the Capitol ? The Presi-
dent admits that his policy " is attended with
some risk,'' but excuses it by the suggestion that
"itisariskthatmustbetaken." This, I humbly
think, is a non sequitur. It was not necessary
that he should have a policy, and a perilous one,
or that we should take the risks that are admitted
to be incidental to it. However it may be with
the soldier, it is not out of "the nettle danger"
that the statesman would "pluck the flower
safety." He will take no risks if he can help
it, and with only a rational treatment of this
question, I think they arc unnecessary here.
The people of the loyal Slates, who fought this
battle, are nowin the possession of the Govern-
ment. They may—and if they are wise they
will—take their own time to determine how they
will readjust its machinery, and heal over the
wounds that the war has made. It is in then-
power now to exact every possible security for
the future.
Why, then, this.inexplicable eagerness to sur-
render ai] {lie advantage of our victory without
any security at all ? Why insist that the over-
throw of these rebels in the bloody arbitrament
to which they have appealed, is to be only the
signal for their restoration to their former es-
tate? Is it necessary that we should constrain
the reluctant condescension of these haughty
masters, who so lately spumed us as slaves, to
the renewal of the domination which they had
come to loathe from a very feeling of satiety'.'
Has the attempt improved or mollified them?
General iSchurz is the witness that the policy
of not only pardoning, but inviting the traitors
themselves to reconstruct their States, has had
the worst possible effect upon them. And it
was but natural that it should. If they do not
despise usj for our weakness and our voluntary
selt-abasement, they will be at least prepared to
conclude that they are more necessary to us than
we arc to them. They were not long out them-
selves, before they began to yearn for the scion
of some royal house beyond the seas. Shall
we furnish them reason to think that we are
pining for the return of our natural lords, along
with our Democratic brethren, who have been
wandering like sheep without a shepherd, and
lamenting the desolation of the Capitol with
more than the tenderness of the Moor, who
wept the exile of the last of the Abenccrrages
under the deserted towers of the Alhambra?
What reason beyond their mere repugnance to
the association with the northern mudsills, will
they have to lament their failure in the battle-
field, when they are once more reinstated in their
original dominion here? Are these the means
by which a statesman expects to improve the
lessons of the war ? If kindness and submission
could have won their hearts, they never would
have left us. Is anybody weak enough now to
think that they are so chastened and humbled
by defeat that a restoration to power, instead of
intoxicating, would only disarm them? That
would not be in accordance with human nature
or historical example. Did the catastrophe of
Charles I result in any improvement of the
family? Their restoration was but the prelude
to another revolution that drove them from the
throne. It is the same blind confidence in the
reformation of these men that is now menacing
this Government with ruin.
But is there any evidence that they arc
changed, or that they are yet in a proper frame
of mind to come back and perform faithfully
their duties here? We all know better. The
special commissioner of the Executive says not,
and hi s testimony is supported by all the pre-
sumptions in the case. It would be unreason-
able to look for anything else. They are but
men, like ourselves. Alienated in affection by
a systematic education of thirty years, they went
out with the determination never to return.
The southern heart went with them. Inflated
with pride and vainglory, they threw down the
gage of battle, and defied us in the presence of
a world that sympathized with them. We took
it up, and they are at our feet, deeply wounded
in their most sensitive point, smarting under
the humiliation of a defeat at the hands of their
own slaves, and realizing more than the bitter-
ness of death in the depth of their fall, and the
painful recollections that it suggests. How
unreasonable to expect that hatred, the deep-
est and most undying—doubly intensified by
such humiliations—could be converted into love
by such a process, and the lessons of a genera-
tion unlearned in the twinkling of an eye! But
they do not even affect it; and I am rather in-
clined to respect the pride that, under the great-
est oftomptations, hasprevented them from con-
descending to the meanness of the hypociite.
They confess that they are subdued, but only, as
they tell us, by the power of numbers—the mei e
brute superiority of the North. They do not
profess contrition for their groat crime. They
do not even admit that they have sinned. Nay,
they glory in the act, treat fidelity to their
infamous confederacy as the most heroic of
virtues, award public honors under the very
Government that has crushed (hem—and which
that Government ratifies—in recompense for
treason against it, and visit the social ban, if
not the bullet or the knife, upon such of their
people as have fought valiantly in its defense.
It ia but reasonable, I say, that, coming as they
do, out of the fires of the rebellion, they should
feel thus. But that they should act thus under
our own eye, is evidence either that they do not
wish to return, or that the dejection that fol-
lowed their defeat has given place to the assur-
ance that they are not only to be pardoned their
offense, but to return as conquerors. Their
leaders certainly do desire to get back again,
because they are overthrown in battle, and
it is but to exchange the place of a subject
for that of a ruler, or at least an equal. To
accomplish this they would ha\e been glad
to ransom their lives and property for the
cheap consideialion of negro suffrage. They
expected, probably no terms more favorable.
The lenity of the Government has a sured them
that treason is no crime, and that there is to be
no atonement for the past. The tone of the
proclamations and the tenor of the diplomatic
negotiations have taught them that nothing
Was expected or desired by the President but
| the recognition of the freedonfof the slave, and
! the repudiation of\the debt incurred in carrying
j on the war, and that there was to be 110 other
security for the future. The outgivings of pub-
lic functionaries have instructed them that they
were wrong in claiming the rights of belliger-
ents, and that they have a right to resume their
places here upon such conditions as they can
make with the Executive. They care nothing
about you or your laws. They look only to the
Chief Magistrate, while they defy the opinions
of your constituents, and regard you only as
the mere executors of his will. There is a
providence in these manifestations that vTarns
us of our danger if we would give heed to it.
Ignoring them, we shall not have even the poor
apology of saying that we were deceived in a
case where even the largest professions—if •
they had vouchsafed to make them, as they
have not—ought not to have been allowed to
put us off our guard. I know that confidence
is a generous plant, and that there are natures
so unsophisticated as to be above suspicion or
distrust. There are men certainly whose bound-
less charity would not only forgive offenses,
however frequently repeated, but even per-
i suade them to give their faith anew to those
who have dealt treacherously with them—as
these men have with us—while they would re-
ject the counsels of the wise and prudent, on
the ground that their suspicions were ungener-
ous, and the results apprehended by them im-
probable. These men may be good Christians,
but they are poor statesmen, and they miscon-
strue the spirit of the Christian maxim which
teaches forgiveness, if they suppose that it in-
culcates trust. The thing that has once hap-
pened may happen again. It is not sufficient
that it is improbable. It is the busin'ess of the
statesman to see that it is made impossible. No
blind confidence, no false sense of security on
his own part, will excuse him for hazarding the
peace and welfare of a nation by giving his
trust a second time where it has once been dis-
astrously betrayed. He has no right to sport
in this way with the life of a people. He can-
not afford to be thus generous with other peo-
ple's goods. - It is not enough to tell us that the
present Executive of this nation—with a strong
feeling, of course, for the desolation of the South
■—is magnanimous enough to forgive, and gener-
ous enough to confide in the honor and loyalty of
his old neighbors and associates in council, al-
though they have so cruelly persecuted him—as
they will do again as soon as the opportunity oc-
curs. The twenty millions of the loyal States
who have seen so little good come out of that Naz-
areth, must have something surer to rest upon
than his oblivious charity. I think otherwise,
and so do my constituents. I have great re-
pect for his opinions, but the facts and the pre-
sumptions are all against him, and I must be
governed by them. If we are wrong, the error
may be corrected hereafter. If he is wrong,
it is irremediable. True wisdom demands that
we should "make assurance doubly sure, and
take a bond of fate," while there is yet time to
do it, by providing against all possible contin-
gencies, where the interests involved are so vast
and inappreciable. If the tex-ms seem harsh,
that is the fault of those who are precipitating
the solution. A reasonable probation would
enable us to make them easier. I would rather,
for my own part, trust to the mellowing influ-
ences of time. If you desire a reunion that will
be permanent and real, you must wait till their
hearts are changed—wait until the bitterness of
defeat is past, and until they are prepared to
confess their errors, and ask forgiveness, and
restoration in the spirit of the, returning prodi-
gal. Without repentance forgiveness is idle,
and restoration worse. Philosophy and religion
alike approve the soundness of this doctrine.
You cannot accomplish a task of this sort by any
forcing process. No wise Government would
think of it. No sound or judicious statesman
would advise it. If they cannot come back now
in the right spirit, and will not come with such
securities as we have a right to demand, it were
better they should not come at all. I would
hold them as they are—and with bla'dk Ir'oojis
