1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2821
I understand, to have properly and legitimately
consumed the amount of bonds issued by the
State of Missouri. In other words, I mean to
say that with a most magnificent grant of lands
they have never built any more road than they
could build out of the State grant. We gave
them the lands, and in addition to that gave
them $700,000 of bonds; and they have not
used any money according to my impression, '
not, perhaps, one cent of money, except what
the State of Missouri gave to them; ana having
used those bonds they have failed to pay back
one dollar of interest; they have not reim-
bursed the State for the grant.
I make no opposition to the passage of the
bill. It may be passed; I desire to see these
railroad improvements put forward as rapidly
as it can be done. I have no objection to it
whatever. I do not look upon these railroad
grants as damaging to the public, for the rea-
son that we charge double price for the reserved
sections of land, and I believe that the double
price is more readily paid than the single price
without the construction of the roads. I make
no objection to it; but I do desire that my
State shall be reimbursed now while I have
an opportunity of doing it. I hope no objec-
tion whatever will be made to the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is no objec-
tion to the amendment. The facts of which
the Senator speaks were not before the com-
mittee ; if they had been no doubt the commit-
tee would have reported such an amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Missouri
himself confesses that he is not familiar with
the facts in this case, and has not been since
1850, 1857, or 1858.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me correct the
Senator from Iowa. What I stated was that
I am not now as familiar as I once was with
the exact condition of the lands lying in my
State. This road only runs thirty-seven or
thirty-eight miles in my State. I do not now
remember whether the State granted the lands
to the company in fee and permitted the com-
pany to sell them. I do not know what amount
of lands remain unappropriated orunsoldunder
the old grant of 1853. [ do not wish the Sen-
ator to understand that I am at all ignorant
of the fact that the company have $700,000 of
the bonds of the State of Missouri, and that
the State of Missouri originally owned these
lands. Now, as I understand, the object of
this bill is to revive the land grant which is
now dead. I want this revival to inure to the
benefit of the State of Missouri, so that we can
hold a lien upon these lands. We did once
hold a lien, and if the act is revived I want
the benefit of that lien still. What 1 meant to
say was that I am not exactly familiar with the
title to the land ; that is all. I do not like to
state that I am fully acquainted with a fact
when I am not.
Mr. GRIMES. It is quite evident that there
is a conflict of interest between the State rep-
resented by the Senator from Missouri and
some railroad company.
Mr. HENDERSON. I want them to pay
us back.
Mr. GRIMES. And this is the method
which the Senator proposes to adopt to collect
{he money from the railroad company. I under-
stand that to be his purpose, to make them pay.
Now, I suggest whether we had not better let
that railroad company be heard before our
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state to the Sen-
ator that the president of this road was before
the committee. These facts were not presented
at the time, but he has since written to me,
and virtually drew this amendment himself.
The Senator from Missouri has changed the
phraseology, but the president of the road said
that what the Senator from Missouri desired
was just and right.
Mr. GRIMES. But it is not known what
interest we are going to conflict with by this
* sort of legislation. I do not know anything
about it. In fact I do not comprehend fully
the statement that has been made by the Sen-
ator from Missouri. I should like to have some
report or some further explanation on the
subject.
Mr. McDOUGALL,' I think I understand
the question pending. A grant of lands was
made originally to the State of Missouri and
conceded by the State to this company, and
the bonds of the State were issued upon the
company promising to pay the interest upon
the bonds. It is a fact, 1 think, understood by
persons who have been conversant at all with
t$fe subject, that the company has paid no inter-
est. The concession to the company was based
on its obligation to pay interest. In making
the regrant it is undoubtedly just that the State
of Missouri should be protected, the concession
having been to her in the first instance, and
from her to the company, with the understand-
ing that the interest would be assumed and paid
by the company. That is understood, I believe,
by every person who knows anything about rail-
roading in the State of Missouri and the West.
It is a simple statement of what we have done
heretofore, and it is due to the State of Mis-
souri that she should be protected.
Mr. GRIMES. I have examined this amend-
ment since I addressed the Chair, and I think
there does not seem to be the objection to it
which I apprehended at the time I spoke.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Has not the State
of Missouri entered upon and sold this rail-
road?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand not. I
believe it is advertised to be sold some time in
June, but it has not yet been sold.
Mr. POMEROY. They could nafc sell public
lands. This is a question of reviving a public
land grant.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly. The State
of Missouri holds a lien on the road and lands,
too; and I do not want this act to operate to
lake that lien away from the State of Missouri.
That is all I am aiming at. I do not want the
effect of this act to be to deprive the State of
its present lien on the lands. The State not
only has a lien on the lands legitimately and
properly, but a lieu on the railroad itself; that
is, on the bed of the road. Now, I believe
that the State is proceeding to sell the road.
I suppose, however, that if this grant is revived
the company will get credit enough to go on
with the road. I apprehend they will, and per-
haps will pay off the State the amount of the
bonds; but I do not want to put it in the power
of the company to neglect to pay. _ I want a
lien on the lands, and in all probability, then,
Governor Fletcher will stop proceedings under
the advertisement to sell. We hold that we
have a lien, a legal lien, for the payment of our
bonds upon the road. He perhaps will suffer
them to proceed, having, perhaps, creditenough
to put their own lands in the market, and raise
the money to pay off the State bonds. If they
do, of course we are satisfied, and the lands
will then go to the company under my amend-
ment, because the State only holds a "lien upon
them to satisfy this debt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. To meet the suggestion,
which was a verj' good one, of the Senator from
California, I move to amend the bill by strik-
ing out, in the third line of the first section,
the words, "the above recited act," and to
insert the whole title of the original act.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the bill will
be passed by for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. If the special order is now
to be taken up, I have no objection to that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire time to
examine the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have this
amendment adopted, first.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator -will
withdraw that motion for a moment, to enable
me to make a motion in reference to the com-
mittee provided for yesterday.
Sir. HENDERSON. I withdraw the motion.
deposits in national banks.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the select com-
mittee ordered yesterday to inquire into the
condition of the national banks with respect to
deposits of Government funds, consist of five
members, and that the committee be appointed
by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
john gordon.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. *294) for the relief of John Gordon.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It will be an authoriza-
tion to the Postmaster General to pay to John
Gordon, messenger in that Department, for
extra services performed out of office hours
during the administration of Postmaster Gen-
eral Campbell, any sum that he may, in hia
opinion, believe him to be entitled to, at the
rate of $250 per annum.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ Has this bill received
the sanction of a committee?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Yes, sir; and there
is a written report.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now renew my motion
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I hope the Senator
will allow me to call up another little bill, a
pension bill, which was accidentally omitted
the other day when pension bills were being
considered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot withdraw my
motion.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 7; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 25,1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntoji*.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of
absence for the gentleman from Rhode Island,
Mr. Jexckes, until Tuesday next.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. KETCHAM, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of Major D. C. Ruggles, late a
paymaster in the United States Army, copies
being left.
On motion of Mr. BID WELL, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the witli-
drawal*from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of the town of Santa Barbara.
cultivation of forest trees.
Mi-. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a ■bill to encourage the growth of
forest trees upon the western plains; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
mail service.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to repeal the fourth
section of the act approved March 5, 1804, and
the act approved January 20, 1805, to provide
for carrying the mails; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
pensions.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Pensions, reported back bill
of the House No. 368, supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions, with tha
amendments of the Senate thereto, and moved
that the amendments of the Senate be non-
concurred in, and that a conference be asked
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
