1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tot
too—until their territories are peopled by men
who will recognize the value of the Union—
ay, hold them forever, if necessary, as subject
provinces. But it will not be necessary. They
will be glad to return in a very few years on
just such conditions as you may impose, and
will be grateful for the privilege. Admit them
now, and withdraw your armies, and you leave
your few white friends and your multitudinous
black ones to an ostracism as merciless as the
bloody proscription upon which they can no
longer venture with safety. They teil you so
themselves. While the President informs you
thalthese States, or some of them, are ready to
return. in the face of the admitted fact that their
people, in almost every instance, have lefused
to ratify even the advantageous bargain made
with him by their leadei s, by sending loyal men
to represent them here, every breeze from the
South is laden with the earnest remonstrances
of the loyal people of those States, telling you
that the withdrawal of vour power will be the
signaj for their Highland exile from their homes
and altars, from the graves of their kindred and
their household gods, and beseeching you, in
piteous accents of despair and agony, not to
abandon them to their remorseless enemies.
But before they.do come in, whether by the
door or window, there are duties to be per-
formed to others, dangers against which we
must provide, arising out of the obligations of
the war that these men have forced upon us.
We have incurred an enormous debt that is
mainly owing to our own people. We must
provide for the payment of its interest, as
well as the redemption of all the pledges we
have made to the disabled soldier, and to the
widows and oiphans of tho.se who have per-
ished in the Held. Js it expected that these
men will assist us in redeeming these obliga-
tions, thai, some persons are so anxious to asso-
ciate them with us in the performance of this
work of justice and mercy? Do you propose
to summon these great criminals here and trans-
late them from the doek to the bench, as joint
assessors with yourselves, and those who have
poured out their money or their blood in ocean
streams in bringing them to justice, in the re-
settlement of the nation, in perfecting its secu-
rities, and in fullillingthc obligations you have
incurred to the public creditor, and to the fam-
ilies of those brave men wdio have gone down
to death upon so many southern batilc-fields ?
Will you insist that they shall come into coun-
cil with you on such a question as this'.' The
ordeal would be too severe. They have de-
nounced the war as not only unrighteous, but
unlawful ; and they are not alone in this par-
ticular. It is not the rebels militant only, the
men who so cheerfully staked their live-* on their
opinions, who think so. Their old associates in
the -N orth, who want them back on th e terms ofth e
President, have taught theirfollowershere upon
the same argument, that the public securities'
were worthless and would bo repudiated. Is
there no risk of a new coalition on this basis?
1 venture to predict that the next phase of the
reunited Democracy of the North and South,
(for it. will be a reunion of the party and not of
the States,) will be opposition to the payment,
of this debt. It may not discover itself at once
in the shape of absolute repudiation in the
North, but this new alliance will find other
means, not less effective, to accomplish its
work. The South, with all its prejudices and
pride, would rather consent even to negro suf-
frage than allow itself to be taxed for such a
purpose, and you cannot compel it without the
aid of the black man. The North will insist,
at least, on scaling your securities down by the
actual money value in the world's market of the
paper that was invested in them. It will damage
your ciedit by quarreling with your schemes
of revenue. "Knowing that taxation is always
unpopular, and particularly among a people so
unused to it as ourselves, it will at, least Hat-
ter and delude the multitude with illusory prom-
ises of relief, and with the aid of a united
South, will, at the next turn of the cards, win
its way back to power, and enter once more
upon the possession of the Government.
But the mischief will'not end here. There
is another debt that numbers cannot compute,
incurred in the baffled attempt to overthrow
this Union, and diffused throughout the entire
South. There is, besides, a claim yet dormant
for the value of the slaves made free by the
proclamation. It may seem to some extrava-
gant to talk of these, but it is no more extrava-
gant than many other things that we have wit-
nessed, and among them the assertion of a
right to return to these Halls as though they
had not. sinned, and the presumptuous arro-
gance that has already taken our Constitution
in charge, and undertaken to arraign our acts of
self-defense against their treason as violations
of that instrument. Admit, these men, ignore
their crimes by your votes here, give them your
confidence and the eventual mastery as before,
and your public credit will deservedly receive
a shock that will tumble it into ruins. Re-
admit, tlieni here, and every prudent man will
endeavor to get rid of your securities. No
sharp-sighted money-lender will trust a Gov-
ernment so administered. It will be in vain
for you to profess in joint resolutions that you
(Jo not intend to pay any of the debt of the dead
confederacy, or of the claims of the living slave-
holder. The world will not believe it. It will
say you mock it, when the makers of that. debt,
and the disloyal slaveholder himself, shall be
exalted by your votes into legislators, to cooper-
ate with the party here that has decried yom
obligations, and declared them to be worth-
less. The assumption by you of the one, and
the payment of the other, would be but. a logical
sequence. If the makeis of that debt are de-
cided to be woithy of honor and trust in this
(Jovernment, it will be an estoppel against the
assertion that there was anything essentially
immoral in hiring assassins to take our lives,
or anything in reason to prevent the payment
of the wages of their iniquity. 11 wi'l be taken
for granted that when you make a legislator of
the criminal, you intend to pay his debts of
honor at home. You may protest that you do
not, but it will point you to these acts, and scoff,
ay, it will scoff, at your empty protestations,
as no more than sounding brass and tinkling
cymbals.
But before I have done, allow mo to come
back once more to the great conflict ol power—
the gigantic and overshadowing issue which
lias been ioreed on us and on the countrv, by
the process of restoration which it has pleased
the President in the exercise of his own judg-
ment to adopt. There are other considerations
that demand our care beyond the mere' i ehaljil-
itation ofthe conquered States. 11 is for us to see
that in the execution of the guarantee the Fed-
eral Republic itself fdiall receive no detriment,
and mid ergo no change. There arc symptoms un-
questionably ofan alarming nature,developed.of
course by the high stimulus underwhich it has
just been working, that forebode a serious dis-
turbance of its balances—a revolution equiva-
lent to a change in its organic structure, if not
watched narrowly before it is too late. The
time has now come, to check those tendencies
which a condition so unnatural lias so largely
encouraged. With a Union newly and doubly
imperiled by a policy that, ignoring the senti-
ment of the loyal States, has"thrust us an im-
measurable distance back from the position
which we occupied when the camp-fires of our
legions were blazing along the heights of the
Appomattox, by not only leaving treason and
murder to go unpunished, but warming the
former into life and hope and strength by with-
drawing our troops, and endowing it with the
power of reorganizing its broken columns for
a fresh assault, and with the great problem of
the restoration of its dissevered members com-
plicated with another and peihaps a greater, in
the tremendous question whether all these het-
erogeneous elements are to be flung into the cru-
cible, and fused down under the fierce flames
of war into an elective monarchy, it seems
to me, with all due respect to the President,
that v e have reached a crisis in our affairs when
it behooves the people to look to their securities,
and their .Representatives here to resume the
government of this nation, and to say to the
advancing tide "thus far and no further."
Standing as I do upon the traditions of the
fathers, upon the radical but conservative max-
ims of republican liberty, upon the great prin-
ciple's that have been consecrated by the strug-
gles of more than two hundred years, I cannot
but tremble for my country when, in addition
to all this, I hear the national Represent-
atives instructed by other than their lawful
masters in regard to their duties here; when I
find myself semi-oflicially advised by the exec-
utive head, who has just been thanked by a rebel
Legislature for the act, that amendments to its
fundamental law, proposed by its delegates here
for its security, arc unnecessary, or inadmissi-
ble, or entitled to no more respect than the res-
olutions of a town meeting, while bills that have
passed this House, and are now actually depend-
ing in the Senate, are made the subject, of pub-
lie discourse, and animadversion at the other end
of the avenue; when I hear a high officer of
that department confessing and justifying the
exercise of a dispensing power over our laws,
in the employment of traitors and the payment
to them of moneys wrung from the sweat of
the toiling millions of the loyal North; when
I see members of both these Houses ready and
anxious at such a time to abdicate their right-
ful power as a Legislature, not by a harmless
reference to a committee of their own bodies,
but by championing their own disability, and
flinging down their crowns at the footstool of
executive power; when I hear on this floor,
from men who opposed the war throughout,
and now, by a logic which I do not question,
support the policy that gives the victory to the
enemy, the appeal of the people to their own
Congress compared to the howls of a drunken
populace at the doors of the revolutionary
Assembly of Prance, that in the name of lib-
erty flooded its capital with blood, and in the
name of religion dethroned the monarch ofthe
world; when I read in newspapers controlled
by gentlemen of this House who have discerned
no sensibility to attacks upon its own privileges,
the mere assertion of a right on its part to ex-
press an opinion in regard to the disposition of
our troops, with no organized enemy in the field,
denounced as an invasion of the prerogative;
when I hear oven the suggestion of the nation's
sentiment in regard to the appropriate doom of
the traitor chiefs, who now stand impeached
before the world of a connivance in the starva-
tion of our soldiers, and the butchery of our
President, repiobatcd in the same way by pub-
lic journals in the confidence of the Govern-
ment ; and when, to crown all, my own vision
is Wasted by appeals to the Executive from the
disloyal papers of the North, t.o employ that
patronage which the loyaj people have alone
bestowed on him to coerce their Representa-
tives into submission to his views, and, failing
that, to enact the role of another Cromwell or
Napoleon in this Capitol, while an answering
shout conies back upon the southern breeze
that the bayonets of the soldiery, who flung that
despotism to the earth must be invoked to re-
instate it here. 1 think 1 am no alarmist. Iam
not apt to indulge in gloomy auguries in regard
to the future of a nation that has outlived so
many blunders, and been so often ransomed
by an Almighty arm. The proverbial honors
of a pi ophet of evil have no attractions for me.
Poesy has told us the story of Cassandra.
History has vouchsafed to hand down to us
the name and fate of the madman who ran
up and down tho streets of Jerusalem cry-
ing " Woe! woe!" while the armies of Titus
wereencampcd about its walls. But if 1 stood
alone on this floor, and it were my last utter-
ance, holding the high trust which God had
given me, with a nation in travail, and in view
of the dark portents that cloud the horizon,
and shake the very atmosphere around us, I
would say to the people, "Awake from your
false security, or prepare yourselves for another
holocaust. Your enemy still lives. His 'im-
paired vitality' has been restored. Iled-handed
treason rears its head as proudly and defiantly
and insultingly as before. It menaces your
