2822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
LAND GRANT TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the
Committee on Public Lands bill of the Senate
No. 219, granting certain lands to the State
of Michigan to aid in the construction of a ship-
canal to connect the waters of Lake Superior
with the lake known as Lac La Belle in that
State.
Mr. SPALDING. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
MEMORIAL REFERRED.
Mr. DEFREES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the trustees of the In-
diana Agricultural College; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
CORRECTION.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to state that I voted
in the affirmative oa the passage of the bank-
rupt bill, and that my vote is not recorded.
CANAL AND SEWERAGE COMPANY.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the House will resume .the
consideration of Senate bill No. 190, to incor-
porate the District of Columbia Canal and
Sewerage Company, reported from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia on Friday
last, and on which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoll] is entitled to the floor.
The pending question was upon ordering the
bill to be read a third time now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
first section by changing the name of " Whit-
man Bestor" to "George L. Bestor," and to
add the names of " Kingman F. Page, Charles
H. Sherrill, and Amos C. Babcock."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to add the fol-
lowing, "except in the mode and manner
hereinbefore provided for," to section seven-
teen of the bill, which now reads:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act contained shall be held or deemed, in any
manner or way. to injuro or impair any public or
private rights! or interests, or in any manner to affect
the samo beyond the mere transfer of tbo right?
of tho United States to said District of Columbia
Canal and Sewerage Company.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, as I de-
sire a vote on this bill to-day, 1 have concluded
to occupy but ten minutes' time in explaining
the bill. Then I shall yield ten minutes to be
used entirely by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. F. Thomas,] or to be divided between
him and my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
McCcllough,] as they may see proper; and
then I shall take ten minutes to close the argu-
ment, and shall then ask a vote on the bill.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Lest it should be inferred
from my silence that such an arrangement
would bo agreeable to me, I have simply to
say that it would be utterly impossible for me
in ten minutes to explain the position I occupy
in relation to this measure. I shall hope, there-
fore, that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. In-
gersoll] will allow the usual latitude of dis-
cussion, or, if he does not, that the House will
grant it It is a matter of vast importance to
my congressional district, as I will explain to
the House if the opportunity be offered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am as anxious to
accommodate the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. F. Thomas] as any one can be; but I am
anxious to dispose of this bill, in order that we
may report other bills from the committee
which are of importance to this District, and I
do not propose to devote any more time to the
consideration of this bill than is necessary for
a full and fair understanding of its provisions.
Mr. McCLLLOUGH. 1 have an amend-
ment which I wish to offer to this bill. I wish
to ask if I can offer it now.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingebsoll] will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield for that
purpose now.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I offered this amend-
ment in the committee, and I understood the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Ingeusoll]
to promise me that I should have an opportu-
nity to offer it in the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I will give the
gentleman an opportunity to offer his amend-
ment.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. That is all I want.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
state his amendment now?
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I desire to have the
bill amended in the second section by striking
out the words, "so aa the manner of making
the connection shall not injure or impair the
bank of said canal and sewer where the con-
nection shall be made."
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I believe I would
prefer to have that amendment considered and
disposed of now rather than at any other time.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I offer the amend-
ment, and if it is in order I would like to say
a few words in explanation of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield two minutes
for that purpose.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. Mr. Speaker, this
bill, as it passed the Senate and -is reported to
this House, gives to this corporation a power
and control over the sewerage system of the
city of Washington which every member of this
House should be opposed to, in my opinion,
who is desirous of seeing the health and pros-
perity of this city promoted. It will not be
denied, I presume, that the free and untram-
meled use of this canal is absolutely necessary
to a proper sewerage of the city. In fact, with-
out this it will be impossible to preserve the
health and cleanliness of the city. Now, sir,
if the provision which I ask to have stricken
out remains this corporation has such control
over this important matter as will greatly, if
not entirely, prevent the authorities of Wash-
ington from using this canal as a deposit for
the filth of the city. The provision which I
aSk to be taken out"says that "the manner of
making the connection shall not injure or im-
pair the bank of said canal and sewer where
the connection shall be made." This provis-
ion, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, gives to this
corporation the power to stop the city author-
ities from making such connection, when in the
opinion of said corporation it will "injure or
impair the bank of said canal and sewer." It
certainly will give them the power to object
and say that such connection will injure the
canal, and will lead to a conflict of rights. _ In
a great city such as this should be, such an im-
portant matter as its health and cleanliness
should not be under the control of a private
corporation ; and for these and other reasons
which will suggest themselves to members I
move to strike out this provision.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In order to fully under-
stand the effect of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. McCullough] I
will read a portion of the section:
That the said company is hereby authorized and
empowered to survey, locate, and lay out and con-
struct a canal and sewer between the Anacostiaviver,
commonly known as the Eastern branch, from a point
thereon near its junction with the Potomac river.to
a point on the old canal near Virginia avenue, which
passes through the city of Washington: thence in,
by. along, and through Faid old canal, to the western
corporate limits of said city of "Washington; and
thence to the Chesapeake and Ohio canal at its ter-
minus at Georgetown, in thoDistrictofColumbia. The
said canal and sewer, when constructed, shall consti-
tute and reman a depository and duct tor the sewer-
age from the city of Washington, and from the prop-
erty of the United States therein: and the proper
corporate authorities of tho city of Washington shall
always have unrestricted and full power to determine
where the sewers of said city shall connect with the
said canal and sewer, and the manner in which said
connection shall be made, so as the manner of making
the connection shall not injure or impair the bank of
said canal and sewer where the connection shall be
made.
Now, the words proposed to be stricken out
simply throw some protection around this canal
and sewer by providing that—
The manner of making the connection shall not
injure or impair the bank of said canal and sewer
where the connection shall bo made.
Now, it seems to me that it is but just to the
corporation that the city of Washington shall
not be allowed to make the connection of its
lateral sewers with this main sewer in such a
manner as to destroy the banks of the canal,
because the connection can be made in such a
way as not to interfere with the canal in the
least. The bill, as it stands, simply provides
that the city shall have the unrestricted use of
the canal for sewer purposes, making connec-
tions when and where it pleases, but in such a
manner as not to injure or destroy the banks
of the canal. This restriction upon the man-
ner of making the connection the gentleman
from Maryland desires to strike out. I object
to such an amendment, and I hope it will not
be adopted. I ask the previous question on
the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and tha
main question ordered.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were
—ayes 26, noes 28 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, uncfer the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Ingersoll and
McClTLLOtGH.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 41, noes 56.
So the amendment was rejected-.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I am, of
course, aware that this bill does not command
any general interest, because it is local in its
application, and members who are not upon
the Committee for the District of Columbia
may, perhaps, take no interest in it; but I trust
gentlemen will give sufficient attention to the
explanation I desire to make as will enable
them to give an intelligent vote upon the ques-
tion.
This bill proposes to incorporate into a body-
politic certain gentlemen named in the first
section, with power to construct a canal along
the line of this old ditch which has been a dis-
grace to the city for over sixty years. It is
proposed to dig the canal ten feet below low
tide, so that there shall be ten feet of living,
pure water in the canal at all times. It is
proposed that it shall be a commercial canal,
and connect with the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal at Rock creek, in Georgetown; thence
proceeding by the line of this old canal, upon
it as near as can be, to deep water on the An-
acostia creek, or Eastern branch, as it is some-
times called. The bill proposes to convey to
this corporation whatever interest the United
States has, if it has any, in this old canal. It
is yet to be settled whether the United States
has any interest in this old canal or not. The
corporate authorities of Washington claim that
they have an interest in it. The committee
think that the United States has an interest of
some kind, but an interest of no particular
value, and of no value at all in the present con-
dition of the canal. WTe propose that, if the
United States has any interest in this canal,
we shall get rid of it, and give it to this cor-
poration that proposes to construct a good
commercial canal. It proposes that this old
canal, now exhaling malaria and disseminating
disease, shall be flooded with water within
thirty days after the passage of this bill, so
that the canal may conduce to the health of
the city.
This bill originated in the Senate. It received
a thorough examination at the hands of the
Senate committee, and was reported by the
chairman of that committee. After some dis-
cussion it was passed in the Senate without a
dissenting voice, if my recollection is correct,
though I may be mistaken about that. Tho
Committee for the District of Columbia of the
House have investigated this matter, and have
concluded that this bill presents the only feasi-
ble plan for making this old "ditch" a useful
structure for the benefit of the city of Wash-
ington.
In the'year 1802 Congress chartered the first
company for the construction of this canal,
with a capital of §80,000, on the condition
that unless it should be completed within a
certain period of time all rights and grants by
virtue of the charter should cease and become
void. That company became extinct. An-
other organization was incorporated in 1809
with similar restrictions and conditions. Thus
