798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Capital. It claims to dictate to your President.
It presumes to use tlie very organs of your Gov-
ernment to denounce your attitude as a revolu-
tionary one, and to arraign your servants lxere as
though they were in rebellion against the South.
It moves upon the citadel where your defend-
ers are intrenched. See that no warder sleeps,
no port is left unguarded. Look to it that no
sentinel unbars your gates. Steel the hearts of
your defenders against the weakness that would
betray like treason. See that their mail is proof
—no joint agape, no rivet ont of place. See that
no Trojan horse, no Tennessee with fair out-
side, but big with 'pestilence and war,' shall
win its way within your walls. When these
great criminals do return, if ever, let it be only
through the door that you shall indicate, and
with, such infrangible and irreversible securities
as you only have the right to demand." This
is my position. Here 1 have taken my stand,
and by the help of God I will maintain it to the
end. Others may falter in the trial, but through
me no right shall be abridged, no privilege sur-
rendered, no single leaf plucked, no jewel torn
from the crown of the representative body.
On motion of Mr. COOK, (at five o'clock
p. m.,) the House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, 'February 12, 1866.
The following prayer was offered by the Chap-
lain, Rev. E. H. Ghat, D. D.:
0 Supreme Ruler of the heavens and the
earth, behold the nation prostrate at Thy feet
at the terrible calamity, the staggering blow,
the great bereavement. The scenes connected
with the death of our lamented Chief Magis-
trate come back to the memory to-day. 0
God, wo bless Thee for such a man, for such a
President, that his life was spared so long, that
he was permitted to accomplish so much, that
when he died he fell covered with honors and
glory, and not the nation only gathered about
his bier, but messages of condolence were sent
from all the nations of the earth. We pray
that to-day we may be sufficiently humbled and
chastened in view of our great affliction, and
that we may be led as a nation to depend less
nponman and more upon God. And wilt Thou
sanctify to us all the afflictions, as individuals
and as a people, 'that we are called to expe-
rience. To-day, especially, would we commend
to Thy merciful regard the afflicted and be-
reaved family of our departed chief. May they
continue to be supported by Thy grace, be
guided by Thy Spirit, and be preserved in Thy
mercy, that these great afflictions be sanctified
to their present and future good. And b'less
our Government, the President of the United
States, the ministers of state, the members of
Congress, the defenders of our land, and all the
people. Bless us, we pray Thee, in our rela-
Mions to each other and to Thee, our Maker and
Preserver. Prepare us for the solemn services
in which we are about to engage. Oh, grant
that we may look up submissively to Thee, re-
membering that God does all things well. And
we pray that, being chastened by Thine afflic-
tions, we may be better prepared as a nation
for the great mission we have to perform in the
world. Make us a blessing and make us an ex-
ample to the nations of the earth of righteous-
ness and truth and freedom, and save us at last,
for Christ's sake. Amen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
business in order is the reading of the Journal
of the last day's session.
Mr. CLARK. Unless some Senator desires
to have it read. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the Journal can be dispensed with only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I notice in the published
order of proceedings that provision is made for j
the reading of the Journal; and I do not know !
but that it was tor the purpose of consuming j
some time 1o enable the necessary preparation !
to be wade in the other House. 1 have no desire I
to have the Journal read, but the programme
oaght to be observed.
Mr, CLARK. I understand that the Jour-
nal of the other House is a very short one, and
probably its reading has been concluded by this
time, so that they are ready to receive us.
Mr. SHERMAN. "With that understanding,
I have no objection to the Senator's motion.
There being no objection made, the reading
of the Journal of last Friday's proceedings was
dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In pursu-
ance of previous arrangement, the Senate will
now proceed to the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives to join in the services which have
been assigned for this day.
The Senate, headed by the President pro
tempore and the Chief Clerk, and preceded by
the Sergeant-at-Arms, proceeded to the Hall of
the House of Representatives. At the conclu-
sion of the services there, the Senate returned
to its Chamber.
printing or mr. bancroft's address.
Mr. FOOT. I suggest to Senators—I sup-
pose there is no business to detain us—that in
a few moments a concurrent resolution will b«
received from the House of Representatives,
and I trust Senators will remain until that reso-
lution shall arrive; it will require our action in
its concurrence. Meanwhile I move—the Sec-
retary can put it in the proper form of a reso-
lution—that ten thousand copies of Mr. Ban-
croft's memorial address on the life and char-
acter of President Lincoln be printed for the
use of the Senate. That resolution will go,
under the rules, to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, such a resolution wil'lbe drawn,
and referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FOOT. If there be no objection, that
rule may be waived, and the resolution adopted
at this time; and if there be no objection, I
trust the Chair will put the question on the
adoption of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule it is required that such a resolution should
go to the Committee on Printing; but by the
common consent of the Senate the Chair will
put the question to the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to unanimously,
as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the "memorial
address on the life and character of Abraham Lin-
coln, delivered at tho request of both Houses of Con-
gress, by lion. Georgo Bancroft, be printed for the use
of the Senate.
journal.
Mr. SHERMAN. We might as well have
the Journal read now. It was not read this
morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the Journal of Friday's proceedings is
called for. It will be read if there be no ob-
jection. jfc
Mr. JfcDOUGALL. There is objection. It
was dispensed with by unanimous consent this
morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. We jnay as well have it
read. It will fill up the time while we are wait-
ing to receive the message from the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the Journal will be proceeded with, if
there be no objection.
The Journal of Friday's proceedings was
read and approved.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Oi dered, That the petition and other papers in the
case of Lieutenant Commander^Greenleaf Cilley be
witluhawn from the files of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
mr. Bancroft's address.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. MePnmtsox,
its Clerk:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House of
Representatives to communicate to the Senate
a coneurient resolution presenting the thanks
of Congress to Hon. George Bancroft for the
appropriate memorial address delivered by him
on the life and services of Abraham Lincoln,
and requesting a copv for publication.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the unanimaus consent
of the Senate to consider that resolution at the
present time, and move the concurrence of the
Senate in it.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent. It is as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the thanks
of Congress be presented to Hon. George Bancroft
for the appropriate memorial address delivered by
him on the life and services of Abraham Lincoln,
late President of the United States, in the Bepresent-
atives'Hall. before both Houses of Congress andfcheir
invited guests, on the 12th day of February, 1868, and
that he be requested to furnish a copy for publica-
tion.
Resolved, That the chairmen of the joint commit-
tee appointed to make the neccssary arrangements
to carry into effect the resolution of this Congress in
relation to the memorial exercises of Abraham Lin-
coln, be requested to communicate to Mr. Bancroft
the aforegoin? resolution, receive his answer thereto,
and present the same to both Houses of Congress.
The resolutions were concurred in.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 12, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by thb Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox, as fol-
lows :
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be
Thy name. We thank Thee tliat once more
through the night watches we were safely
guarded by Thee, and that our eyes have been
opened in peace through Thy love to behold
the coming of this gladly solemn day. And now
that we are to be called away from the usual
public duties of the positions that are occupied
here to hold converse awhile with death and
with the memories of one whom we all honored
and loved so much, we beseech Thee, 0 God,
that in Thine infinite mercy Thou wilt grant us
all grace to profit as we should by the occasion.
We turn away from all relations of a public
nature, to country and to time, to think of those
more solemn ones that we bear to eternity and
to God. May every one be induced by Thy
Holy Spirit to consider to-day what the tendency
of life is—whether through faith in Jesus Christ
it will end in everlasting life. 0 Lord, prepare
all for the proper observance of this solemn day.
May every one interested, and all who may par-
ticipate in this service, be guided of Cod, so
that all being done decently and in order, this
magnificent and solemn testimonial of the nation
to the worth of our departed and murdered
President may make a due impression on the
national heart.
And when all is over here, when all the pomp
and the pride and the pageantries of earth have
passed away, may we all be received into Thy
heavenly kingdom, through Jesus Christ our
Lord. Amen.
Tho Journal of Saturday last was then read
and approved.
christian commission.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is requested bv
the president and officers of the Chri ;tiau Ooni-
mibsion to tender their thanks to this House
for the use of this Hall on their four anniver-
sary occasions.
memorial of abraham lincoln.
To-day had been selected for services to com-
memorate the life and death of Abraham Lin-
coln. late President of the United States, in
accordance with the following concurrent reso-
! lutions reported from the select joint committee
appointed to consider and report by what token
of respect and affection it may be proper for
tho Congress of tho United States to express
j the deep sensibility of the nation to the event
i of the decease of their late President, Abraham
| Lincoln, and adopted unanimously by the two
j Houses-™ Congress:
I "Whereas the melancholy event of the violent and
! tragic death of Abraham Lincoln, late President of
I the touted States, having occurred during the recess
I of Congress, and the two Houses sharing in tho gen-
