L866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8788
resolution by which it is provided that when
these lands are not wanted for military par-
poses they shall be restored to the public lands.
The lands in these military reservations are
very valuable, and it has not been our system
heretofore to restore them to the public at
$1 25 an acre. We have always had military
reservations, when no longer wanted for mili-
tary purposes, sold at whatever they would
bring, but under this bill you restore them to
the public lands and then they cau be taken
at SI 25. I do not want to object to the res-
olution, but I say that is a feature which we
ha\ e never adopted in any bill which came
from '.he Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one clause of
this resolution which I certainly object to. I
have no objection to the grant of the right of
way through the Fort Riley reservation to this
railroad, and sufficient ground for the neces-
sary stations ; but the second clause of it, if I
heard it read correctly, grants to all railroads
running through reservations not only the right
but all that is necessary for their buildings and
station houses. For instance, suppose they
should go through the reservation at Fort Leav-
enworth, an immensely valuable piece of prop-
erty. The only limitation here is, I believe,
twenty acres in the midst of the Fort Riley
reservation for stations, &c. I do not wish to
grant anything more than is necessary for the
occasion. 1 have no doubt that the railroad
named here ought to have the right of way
through the Fort Riley reservation, with suit-
able stations and grounds ; but I think they
ought to be confined to that one object, and it
should not be made general.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ohio
will look at the resolution he will see that none
of those grounds can be taken by the railroad
without the consent of the President.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but the Presi-
dent has n'ot the information, and we ought
not to throw this duty upon him.
Mr. HOWARD. As a matter of course it
will be referred to the proper Department for
examination, and if an extravagant quantity
is required by the road, of course it will not
be granted. I know of no safer mode than to
refer such questions to the proper Department
of the Government, who have access to the
maps and public surveys and can determine
better than anybody else as to the quantity that
is required.
Mr. SHERMAN. The remark of the Sen-
ator might apply very well to a right of way,
if the road must pass over a reservation, but
not, to station grounds on the reservation, be-
cause there will be grounds surrounding the
reservation which the railroad companies could
purchase.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not possible for us
to lay down any more safe anu accurate rule
than this resolution contains in itself as to the
quantity necessary to be taken.
Mr. POME ROY. It is very important that
the company should have the right of way, but
I suggest to the Senator from Michigan to put
in a clause that when the reservation is not
needed for military purposes, it shall be dis-
posed of under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of the Interior may prescribe.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to
such an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest it only.
Mr. SflERMAN. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out, in lines four and five,
the words "and the necessary grounds for de-
pots, stations, shops," &e.; so as to make it
read simply:
That, subject to approval by the President, the
riirlit of way, one hundred feot in width, is hereby
granted to the Union Pacific Railroad Company and
the companies constructing the branch roads con-
necting therewith, for the construction and operation
of their roads over and upon all military reservations
through which the same may pass.
It also then specificallygrants to the eastern
division twenty acres of the Fort Riley reser-
vation.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. The grounds for depots, sta-
tions, shops, &c., may be just as necessary in a
military reservation as the right of way itself. It
may be necessary to establish a depot upon a
military reservation. It may be to the public
interest to do so. Very often it is for the pub-
lic interest. Why, then, should they be pro-
hibited from having the necessary grounds for
their depots and machinershops, and everything
else connected with a station?
Mr. SHERMAN. This resolution provides
for a grant of twenty acres at the Fort Riley
reservation; and if a case should hereafter
occur at any reservation we can provide for it.
They will not reach any other fort for ay ear or
two, at any rate.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot sec the necessity
for particular acts of legislation whenever a
case of this kind may arise. Why not enact
it in the shape of a general law, leaving the
execution of the law to the President, under
the advice of the heads of the proper Depart-
ments? There is no danger in it at all; on the
other hand, I think the public interests will be
better secured by this provision. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 4; no quorum voting.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, Davis,
Edmunds. Kessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks. Johnson, Morgan, Norton, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Willey—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Howard, Lane of Indiana, Ram-
sey, Wade, and Wilson—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Bucltalew, Chandler,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell. Dixon, Doolittle, Hanis,
Henderson. Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Kansas, Me-
Dougall, Morrill, Nefmith, Nye, Poland, Pomoroy,
Riddle, Stewart, William1!, Wright, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ If it is the intention
of this resolution to give these lands to the
railroad company, then it should pass, I sup-
pose, as reported; but if it is intended simply
to give them the use of the land, then these
words ought to be stricken out from the nine-
teenth to the twenty-second lines, "the same
when so restored to be subject to existing laws
concerning public lands in the same manner
that they would have been if said reserves had
never been made." If these lands happen to
fall upon odd sections they will come, under
the grant, to the railroad company; so that
the company will have the absolute ownership
under the original grant if these words are left
in the resolution. If that be the purpose of
the committee, and it is the pleasure of the
Senate to do so, I have no objection ; but to
test that, I move to amend the resolution by-
striking out those words.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to their
being struck out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and it was read the third time
and passed.
THE TAEU'l? DILL.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
a thousand copies of the tariff bill, have directed
me to report it back without amendment and
to recommend its passage. I ask for the pres-
ent consideration of the resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate, one thousand additional copies of the but Ui.
R. No. 718) to pro vide increased revenue Iroin imports,
and lor other purposes.
RETROCESSION" Of ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to reconsider the
vote of the Senate refusing to pass Senate bill
j No. 280, to repeal an act entitled " An act to
! retrocede Alexandria, in the District of Co-
! lumbia, to the State of Virginia." ana for other
purposes. I do not propose to ask nnvimme-
diate action on the motion; but I desire to have
it entered at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to reconsider will be entered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
424) to incorporate the Washington Temper-
ance Society of the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 425) to provide for restoring to the States
lately in insurrection their full political rights;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILLEY. The committee of fifteen
having acted upon that Subject, and desiring
when their bill shall come up for consideration
to offer the one I now propose as an amend-
ment, I move that it be laid on the table and
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
420) to punish adultery in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 187) recom-
mending the organization and instruction of
the militia of the several States, and providing
for the distribution of ordnance and ordnance
stores, was read twice by its title and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
TONNAGE TAX ON VESSELS.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 130) to construe an act
amendatory of certain acts imposing duties
on foreign importations, approved March 3,
1805; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution ; and on a slight
explanation I know that the Senate will not
object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the resolution on the day itis introduced.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and will be read at length.
The Secretary read the joint resolution,
which provides that the second proviso of sec-
tion four of an act entitled An act amenda-
tory of certain acts imposing duties on for-
eign importations," approved March 3, 1865,
shall be construed to include any ship, vessel,
or steamer to or from any port in the Sand-
wich Islands or the Society Islands.
Mr. FE3SEXDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that that is one of the clauses in the tariff
bill which was postponed until December next.
Mr. CONNESS. I knew that.
Mr. FE6SEXDEN. I presume the Senator
knows it. The subject has been under consid-
eration in the House committee, and 1 tliiuk
it can hardly be worth while to separate this
from others. There will be a bill brought in
to amend several of those sections.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will listen
to me for a moment, I think he will have no
objection to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
it;* I think it is all right; but it will be iiuh:l:(l
with several other sections m a bill which wul
be reported and probably parsed, and I sec- no
occasion for separating it from the others.
Mr. CONNESS. At this session?
Mr. FESSENDEN. At this session.
Mr. CONNESS. Is that the intention?
Mr. FESSEXDEN. That is the intention.
Tf it is not done in the House it will be done
by the Senate committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I hold in my hand a let-
ter on the subject showing, and of course the
