1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
Office has approve;}- the report of the recorder
of land titles, and has reported the same to
Congress for jts action. The bill therefore pro-
poses to confirm the lot described unto Angus-
tin Amiot; his legal assigns and" representa-
tives, and to grant all the right, title, and inter-
est of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
A. M. JESS.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. \To. 14-3) granting land to A. M. Jess,
of Josephine county, Oregon, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The land claimed and settled upon by A. M.
Jess, on Applegate river, in Josephine county,
Oregon, under the provisions of the homestead
law of Stay 20, 1862, having since, without his
fault, become of no value to liim, and been, in
great part, destroyed by a change in the chan-
nel of the river; iiis title being still inchoate,
an4 justice requiring that he should be per-
mitted to locale and settle upon an equal quan-
tity of other public land in lieu thereof, the
bill proposes to authorize him to locate and
settle upon three hundred and twenty acres
of the public lands of the United States, in
accordance with the provisions and require-
ments of the homestead law, and at the expira-
tion of the period therein prescribed to receive
a patent therefor on the terms and conditions
therein prescribed; but the title acquired by
him to the land heretofore located and settled
upon by him shall revest in the United States ;
and the new location and settlement shall not
bo made upon mineral lands of the United
States.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in line eleven, after the word
"shall," the words " revest in" and insert
'' revert to.'' The words '' revest, in " are evi-
dently a misprint. I suppose it requires an
amendment,.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. POMEUOY. I do not understand why
you give the man three hundred and twenty
acres as a settler under the homestead law.
Mr. KAURIS. Did not that allow three
hundred and twenty acres?
Air. POMEROY. Only one hundred and
sixty.
Mr. CONNESS. They are allowed three
hundred and twenty acres in Oregon.
Mr. POMEKOY. That is an old law in
Oregon which was limited to a certain number
of years. It was not a law of perpetual duration.
Mr. HARRIS. This bill was drawn by the
chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims in the House of Representatives, and I
understood from him that he had drawn it in
conformity with the law.
Mr. POMEltOY. Our general homestead
bill only allows one hundred and sixty acres.
"We have no exception of Oregon. That is my
opinion.
Mr. HARRIS. I think that the Senator from
Kansas will find that the bill is right. It is
drawn in conformity with the law by a very
careful lawyer.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It will be better to
let it lie over.
Mr. HARRIS. I will let it, lie over if there
is any question about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be postponed.
OIVIL EIGHTS VETO MESSAGE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chipf Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had eon-
cured with the Senate in the passage of the bill
(S. No. 61) to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights and furnish the means
of their vindication, notwithstanding the objec-
tions of the President, two thirds of the House
of Representatives having agreed to pass the
same.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to present to the Secretary of State the act
entitled "An actto protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights and furnish the means of
their vindication," together with the certificates of
the Secretary of the Senato and Clerk of the House of
Kepresentatives, showing that thebaic! act wnspassed
bra vote of two thirds of both Houses of Congress
after the same had been returned to the Senato by
the President with liis objections, and after the re-
consideration of said act by both Houses of Congress,
in accordance with the Constitution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire now to make a
remark simply on this resolution. I differ with
the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] who originated the proposition for-
merly in the Senate as to what was a quorum
of the body, and 1 say that the vote on this bill
was not a vote of two thirds of the Senate,
because the Senate is not fully represented.
I desire to make the remark because 1 am a
protestant against the doctrine advanced by the
Senator from Ohio when the rule was adopted
in the Senate to which 1 have referred.
The resolution was agreed to.
PRiiSliRVATTON Of THE L'NTON.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the following
resolutions:
Whereas the Senato of the United States, on the
2oth day of Julj.lSGl, adopted a resolution in tho
words following, to wit,:
" HcxUrcl, That the present deplorable civil war
ha^ been toi ced upon the countiy by the disunioimls
ot the southern Statesnow in revolt against, thetiov-
er mi) ent and m arms around the capital: that in ibis
national emergency Congress, banishing all feelings
of mere pas.Mon or resentment, will recollect only Us
duty to tho wholecountry; that this war is not pros-
ecuted upon our part in any spirit of oppression nor
any putpo^e of eonquest or subjugation, nor purpose
ot' overthrowing or inl erlering with tho rights or
established institutions of thoso Slates, but to defend
and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and,
silt laws made in pursuance thereof, and to prc.-ervo
the Imion with all the dignity, equality, and rights
of the several States ununpaued, and that as soon
as theso objects aio accomplished the war ought to
cense."
And whereas the said civil war has ceased: There-
fore,
Revived, That tho Senate, in redemption of tho
pledge given by the adoption of said resoluhon, will
defend and maintain the supremacy ot the Constitu-
tion, and alt laws mado in pursuance thereof, a,nd
will preserve t he Union with all thodignitv, cquahtv,
and rights of the several States, the said southern
Stat?* ineinded, unimpaired.
AVW?vr/, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States inents the gratitude of all the people
of the United SU1 es on account ot his patriotic efloits
to preserve tho Union, with all the dignity, equality,
and rights of tho several States, tho said southern
States included, unimpaired, a,nd that wc pledgo him
our eoidlal cooperation in his said eflotts.
Mr. SUMNEll. Let those resolutions lie
over. ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
lie over, under the rule.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I give notice that I
shall call up the resolutions on Friday next.
AT't'JtOVAL 01' JS1M.S.
A message from the President of the United
Stales, by Mr. Mookk, his Secretary, announced
that the President, had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
"An act (S. No. HO) forrfhe relief of J. B.
•Ritlenhouso, fleet paymaster of tho Pacific
squadion;
An act (S. No. S'2) granting a pension to
Sarah Eitzgibbon ; and
An act (S. No. So) granting to the State, of
Wisconsin a donation of public lands to aid in
the construction of a breakwater and harbor
and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in
the county of Door, in said State, to connect
the waters of Green bay with Lake Michigan, in
said State.
MXNSYLYAXTA WAR EXPENSES.
Mr. WILSON. I gave notice yesterday that
I should call up this morning a House bill re-
ported by the. Military Committee to pay the
State of Pennsylvania for troops called out in
18(33. I move now to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(H. R. No. 300) to reimburse the State of
Pennsylvania for moneys advanced Govern-
ment for war purposes was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Jt provides that
to supply a deficiency in pitying the Army,
under the act of , and to reimburse the
State of Pennsylvania for money expended for
payment of militia in tho serviec of tho United
States, the sum of $800,000, or so much thereof
as maybe necessary, is appropriated, but before
it is paid, the claim of the State shall be again
examined and settled by the Secretary of War.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia proposed to fill the blank in the fourth
line of the bill by inserting, "March 14, ]864;"
so that tho clause will read :
That to supply a deficiency in paying the Army,
under the act ot March 11,18(U, and to reimburse the
State of Pennsylvania for money expended for pay-
ment of militia in tho servico of the United States,
the sum of $800,000, or so much theieof as may bo
necessary, is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
/The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
LAC LA JSliLLU SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. POMEltOY'. I move to postpone all
prior orders, and take up for consideration
Senate bill No. -1'-).
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 219) granting certain
lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the
construction of a ship-canal to connect the
waters of Lake Superior with the lake known
as Lao La lJcllc, in said Slate.
The bill proposes to grant to the State of
Michigan, for tho use and. benefit of " Lac La
Rellwllarbor Improvement, Company,"' a com-
pany organized under and by virl ne ot' the laws
of that State, for the purpose of aiding in tho
construction of a ship-canal to connect the
waters of Lake Superior with the lake known
as Lac La Belle, in said State, one hundred
thousand acres of the public lands of the Uni-
ted States in the upper peninsula of Michigan,
to be selected from the odd-numbered sections
of land nearest the location of the canal, not
otherwise reserved or appropriated, nor des-
ignated by the United States as "mineral
lands" prior to the passage of the aut, nor to
which the rights of preemption or homestead
have attached. Tho canal isto be at least one
hundred feet wide at the top, seventy-live feet
wide at the bottom, and to have, -when com-
pleted, a depth of water through its entire
length of at least twelve feet, running from six-
teen feet of water in Lake Superior to fourteen
feet of water in Lao La Belle. The canal is to
be and remain a public, highway for the use of
the Government of the United States, free from
toll or charge upon the vessels of tho Govern-
ment or upon vessels employed by the Govern-
ment, in the transportation of any property or
troops of the United States.
The lands granted are to be subject to tho
disposal of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan for the purposes stated and no other.
As soon as the Governor of the State shall file,
or cause to be filed, with the Secretary of the
Intorior, a map or plan showing the location of
the canal, the Secretary is to withdraw from
market the lands applicable and subject to the
provisions of the act; and whenever the Gov-
ernor shall certify to the Secretary of tho In-
terior that tho ship-canal has been completed,
in a good, substantial, and workmanlike man-
ner, in-all respects in conformity with the pro-
visions of the act, and to his satisfaction, it
shall bo the duty of the. Secretary to issue pat-
ents to the Slate for tho lands granted. If the
ship-canal shall not he completed within two
years from and after the passage of the act, tho
lands granted are to revert to the United States.
An amendmentwas reported by tho Commit-
tee on Public Lands, in line nine of section one
to strike out " one hundred"' and insert'' fifty
so that the clause will read:
' That theie he, and is hereby, granted to tho State
