1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2823
the matter continued from 1809 till 1833, no
canal being completed by either of these organ-
izations.
In 1833, this city corporation made some
kind of purchase—for what consideration I
know not; neither does the committee, nor do
the corporators of the old canal. Those cor-
porators had a capital stock of $150,000. but
what price they sold out for to the corporation
of the city of Washington I do not know. But
in 1832 or 1833 the city of Washington pre-
sented a bill to Congress declaring that they
had made a bargain and purchase from this
canal corporation, and asking Congress to vest
in them whatever rights the United States had
in this canal, because they believed, by reason
of the neglect of that corporation to perform
the duties imposed upon them by the charter,
they had forfeited all rights to the canal to the
Government of the United States in the canal.
So an act was passed in 1833 giving to the city
of Washington whatever rights the United
States had in the canal, and the canal became
the proporty of the city of Washington; but
on the condition, mark you, that it should go
on and complete the canal within one year
from and after the passage„of the act. Years
rolled around and the city of Washington did
next to nothing. They never made it a commer-
cial canal. They never did anything, except
to get money from the United States. They
received $20,000 on two different occasions to
clean out the canal or to make some repairs.
On another occasion, the city of Washington
obtained $150,000 out of the Treasury of the
United States for. the purpose of liquidating
the debt they had contracted on the purchase
of the canal from the original corporators.
The Government of the united States has
never received any consideration from the
city in return for this expenditure, but the city
has from that time up to the present collected
wharfage and rent to the amount of several
thousand dollars per year. The canal has been
used for no other purjfose than to spend money
on or to get money out of the Treasury.
.These men who seek to be incorporated
claim that the city of Washington has never
paid a dollar for the canal; if there was any
money paid to the original corporators it was
paid by the Government under act of Congress,
l'he city of Washington has never paid a
dollar. Instead of performing the conditions
of the charter or the agreement with the Gov-
ernment it has violated them. Yet, sir, not-
withstanding the fact, the city has had undis-
puted control of this "old ditch" or canal
lor nearly thirty-five years. They have done
nothing with it except on three different times
to receive from the Treasury of the United
States $100,000 in the aggregate. They may
have spent some of it in cleaning the canal,
but little for the purpose of constructing a
canal which would be of any benefit to com-
merce.
The committee believe to leave this canal as
it is it will never benefit any one—it will never
benefit the city of Washington. The commit-
tee believe the city of Washington has for-
feited whatever rights it had in it. It never
had any real right. It made a contract with
the original corporators, but subsequently Con-
gress appropriated §150,000 to pay that claim
of the original corporators on the sale of the
canal to the city. I suppose it paid the money
to the original corporators, or put it into their
own pockets or into the city treasury. ^ There
has been no money paid by the citizens of
Washington or the city of Washington in its
corporate capacity for this purchase of the
canal. ■ So the city of Washington loses nothing
by the bill, but gains immeasurably if these
parties construct a commercial canal in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the bill. It will
be a source of revenue, and of great benefit
* to the city. It will cheapen the price of coal
and building material of all kinds.
And so that we shall not trespass upon the
rights of any person or body-politic, ifr is pro-
vided tliat whatever rights, public, private, or
corporate, in or to this canal shall be protected.
The corporation sought to be created by this
act has no authority to take one cent's worth
of property which belongs to the city of Wash-
ington or to any individual except by paying
the full value of the property, to be ascertained
in the usual mode when private property is
taken for public uses.
The committee have proposed by this bill to
%uthorize the construction of this canal by this
corporation and to give it whatever rights or
interest the United States Government has in
this old canal. If the Government of the Uni-
ted States has any interest in it the committee
have failed to see that it is of any advantage
or of any value to the United States. If the
corporate authorities of the city of Washing-
ton own the canal and it is of any value to them
the bill provides that this corporation shall pay
every dollar that it is worth before they appro-
priate it.
It is objected, as I have heard, that this bill
authorizes this corporation to take all the land
that may be made or reclaimed out of the waste
land lying along the line of the canal for its
own use. There is not one word of truth in it.
The bill simply provides that this corporation
shall have eighty feet in width for the canal
and six feet additional on each side for a tow
path, and nothing more. Any land beyond
that that now belongs to the city of Washington
or to the Government of the United States is
reserved to the city of Washington or to the
Government, so that this corporation does not
get one single rod of ground additional.
• It is objected, as I understand, by the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. P. Thomas] that
this bill proposes to seize several hundred
thousand dollars' worth of the property of the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company. Now,
I cannot for my life see wherein or by what
provision of this bill such a statement is war-
ranted. It does provide that this corporation
sliWl have power to construct, a canal from
Seventeenth street west to Rock creek. I will
admit that some forty years ago or more, when
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company was
chartered, the charter authorized that company
to build their canal to Seventeenth street west,
and that it did extend it to that point and used
it for a time. But there is a provision in that
charter, also, that if the company shall fail to
use any portion of the canal or keep it in repair
for commercial purposes it shall forfeit its
charter to that extent, at least that is my view
of the law. The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company has the terminus of their canal at
Rock creek, in Georgetown, one mile and a
quarter west of Seventeenth street.
Twenty years have elapsed since the Ches-
apeake and Ohio Canal Company have used
this part of their canal. It is now filled with
sand, mud, and rubbish of one kind and an-
other to such an extent that there has not a
canal-boat passed through it for that length of
time, as I am informed. There is at Seven-
teenth street an old lock with a gate, but it is
filled up with earth to such an extent that it
has not been opened for nine years. But yet
the gate-keeper stays there, and he told me the
other day that the gate had not been opened
for nine years. And yet the company keep
him there and pay him a salary. No wonder
they pay no dividends if they conduct business
in that manner.
If, however, tiie Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company have any vested right in this old
canal, which they have not used for twenty
years, whatever right it has is still reserved.
The bill does not propose to take anybody's
property in any other manner than is usually
done when you incorporate a company and
give iL authority to take and pay for such prop-
erty as it may require to carry out the pur-
poses of the incorporation. This company
must have some right to take property, but it
must be so guarded as to protect the rights of
individuals and be compelled to pay for all the
property taken before it is applied to the use
of the corporation.
Such are the provisions of the bill under
consideration. If there are any vested rights
in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company
to this portion of the old canal it will not be
deprived of them. It simply authorizes the
construction of a canal and the condemnation
of property with payment therefor. If this old
canal is in such a condition that it cannot be
used, and if the right of the city in it is one of
those rights that cannpt be invaded by a cor-
poration of this kind, all they have got to do
is to apply to a court for injunction and stop
this work at once. And precisely the same
thing may be done by the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company. This bill confers no extra
privilege and no extra rights upon this corpo-
ration. None whatever. It simply authorizes
the construction of a canal just as if no "ditch"
had ever been built through the city, and pro-
vides for the payment of all property, whether
of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company,
the city of Washington, or of private persons.
They are all protected.
The object of the bill is to give this city a
commercial canal that will connect the coal
regions of Maryland with this city. It is pro-
posed, as a part of the contemplated improve-
ment, to construct a canal from the Anacostia
or Eastern branch to Annapolis, and from there
there is a water communication by the Chesa-
peake bay from Annapolis to Baltimore, and so
on to Philadelphia, and by canal already open
to New York, which will shorten the distance
to New York by water two hundred and fifty
miles. It saves a sea voyage of five hundred
and seventy miles from Georgetown to New
York if these twenty miles of canal between the
Anacostia and Annapolis shall be completed.
These are s.ome of the objects sought to be
attained by this bill, and in my opinion the
work will be done. So far as the committee
can judge, the men who propose to do the
work are men of energy and ability. The com-
mittee have no idea that the city of Washing-
ton or the Government of the United States
will ever build the work. This company pro-
pose to build it without a dollar's tax on the
city of Washington or taxing the United States
Treasury one farthing.
Mr. Speaker, as I wish to pass this bill this
morning, I will yield in two minutes to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas.]
Mr. F. THOMAS. Oh, no, sir ; I could not
aeccpt the time. The gentleman intends it as
a very polite proposition, and I have no doubt
it is made in a very kind spirit.
Mr. [NGERSOLL. I said that in two min-
utes from this time I would yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Oh! I beg your pardon.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I only want two min-
utes more myself. I would consider it highly
improper to offer the gentleman but two min-
utes.
Mr. Speaker, this franchise is now said to be
of considerable value to the city of Washing-
ton, and that there would be some great wrong
done in allowing this company to build the
work.
When the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia was organized atthe commencement of
this session we were importuned by the author-
ities of the city of Washington to take this canal
oif the hands of the city ; they besought the
committee to take the old canal, which had
been a disgrace and a nuisance, and fill it up,
or dig it out, or do something with it in order
to relieve the city from it. A proposition was
made to build a sewer within the canal and
then cover it all over with earth, and destroy
it forever for any commercial purposes. Ail
sorts of propositions were made to the com-
mittee; and when this bill was introduced
into the Senate two months ago we heard no
objection to it. It was carefully examined
and considered, and it passed the Senate by
an almost unanimous vote. After it had been
considered by the committee of this House
the city of Washington said, all at once, that
some right of immense value was being dis-
posed of to their injury.
Now, so far as Congress is concerned, I do
not suppose it cares wht> makes the canal—
