-1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
oral and desirin? to manifest their sensibility
ttpon the occasion of the public beieavemcnt: There-
fore.
/><  if resolved by thr Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concun m?j That the two Houses of Congress
wili assemble in the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives, on Monday, the 12th day of February next, that
bein<? hi? anniversary birthday, at the hoar of twelve
meiidian, and that, in the presence of the two Houses
there ii^emMed, an address upon the life and char-
acter of Abraham Lincoln, late Vresident ot the
United States, be pronounced by Hon. Edwin M.
Stanton", and that the President ot the Senate pro
tempore and hie Speaker of the House of ltepre.«ent-
atives be requested to invite the President of the Uni-
ted States the headsi of the several Department?, the
Judie^of the Supreme Court, the representatives of
foreign Go vernuientsnenr this> Government. and Mich,
officer;? of the Ar.uy and A uvy as have iecived the
thanhs of Coii.^icm who may then be at the seat of
Government, tn be present on the occasion.
And ba it further re*ohnL That the President of the
United states he requested to transmit acopy oftheso
jesoiutiona to ]SIr-j. Lincoln, and to assure her >>f the
profound sympathy of the two Houses of Consressfor
her deep peisonal affliction, and of theirsineerccon-
dolence for the hue national bereavement.
The Speaker's desk, ami the de.sk of the Clerk
of the House, which was to be occupied by the
orator of (he diu, weie draped in mourning.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following letter iionx the Secretary of State:
DjCi'ARTMEVT OF St \TE,
washington, Fri>niaru 12, ls6o.
Sin • X make my acknowledgment for the honorof
the invitation which, in execution of a concurrent
resolution ot the Senate and House of .Representa-
tives, you lui.vo tiair-mittcd me to attend the exer-
cises in honor of the nicnory of the late President of
the United St-irc-', Abraham Lincoln.
It is \\ ith -Lucci o rc^i et that 1 find the «tate of my
health is s-ueh sis to forbid my attendance upon those
very interesting national ceremonies.
I have the honor to be, sir. jour veiy obedient
scvvant> WILLIAM II. SEtVARI).
Hon. Scut,'yt.r.tt Coi.fax,
Sii'r'i.'':' oj the Hail?? of Reiirewntitfivc?,
At twelve o'clock and ten minute1! p. m., the
members of tlio Senate, following their Pres-
ident pro lem]>ore and their Secretary, and pre-
ceded by then' Serjeant-at-Anns, entered the
Hall of the House of Representatives and oc-
cupied the scats reserved for them on the right
and lefi of the main aisle.
The President pro tempore occupied the
Speaker's chair, the Speaker of the House sit-
ting at his left. The Chaplains of the Senate
and of the House were seated 011 the right and
left of the Presiding Ouieers of their respective
Houses.
Shortiv afterward the President of the Uni-
ted States, with the members of Ins Cabinet,
entered the Hall and occupied seat*, the Pres-
ident 111 trout, of the Speaker's table, and his
Cabinet immediately on his light.
Immediately after the entrance of the Pres-
ident, the Chief .Justice and the Associate Jus-
tices of the Supicme Court of the United States
entered the Hull and occupied scats next to the j
President, on the right of the Speaker's table.
The others present were seated as follows :
The Heads of Departments, with the Diplo-
matic Corps, next to the President, onthcleltof
the Speaker's table:
Officers of the Army and Navv. wlio, by
name, have received the thanks ol Congress,
next to the Supreme Court, 011 the right of the
Speaker's table ;
Assistant Heads of Department?. Governors^
of States and Territories, and the Mayors ot
Washington and Georgetown, directly in the
rear of the Heads of Departments ;
The Chief Justice and Judges ot the Court of
Claims, and the Chief Justice and Associate Jus _
tiees of the Supreme Court ot the District of
Columbia, directly in the roar of the Supieme
Court;
The Heads of Bureaus in the Departments,
directly 111 the rear of the officers of the Army
and Navy: .
Representatives on either side ot the_b.au,
in the rear of those invited, four rows of seats
011 either side of the main aisles being reserved
for Senaiois ;
The Orator of the day, Hon, George i>an-
eroi'fc. at the table of the Clerk of the House ;
The Chairmen of the Joint Committee ot'Ar-
4 Mr Stanton havin? declined, t'ae committee
seloctud Hon. Georsfo Bancroft to pronounce tho
address.
rangements. at the right and left of the orator,
and next to them the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House ;
The other officers of the Senate and of the
House, on the iloor at the right and the left of
the Speaker's platform.
When order was restored, at twelve o'clock
and twenty minutes p. m., the Marino band,
stationed in the vestibule, played appropriate
dirges.
At twelve o'elockand thirty minutes the two
Houses were called to order by the President
pro tempore, of the Senate.
Rev. Dr. Boyxtox, Chaplain of the House of
Representatives, offered the following prayer:
Almighty God, Thou who dost inhabit eter-
nity, while we appear but for a little moment
and then vanish away, we adore Thy eternal
name. Almighty God, wonderful in power, full
of majesty art Thou, and before. Thee all earth-
ly distinctions vanish into nothing. We come
into Thy presence to-day, 0 God, simplyasmen,
fallen men, condemned alike by Thy law, and
rightfully cut olf through sin from all commu-
nion with God. But through Tin iniinite good-
ness a new and living way of access has been
opened through Thj Son, consecrated bv His
blood. We piesent ourselves in that better
name, and plead 'Thy promises of pardon aud
acceptance, through faith in Him.
We are reminded. 0 God, by the imposing
solemnities of this scene, of that hour when
the nation heard, and shuddered at the hear-
ing of it. that Abraham Lincoln was dead—was
murdered. And we how afresh submissively
unto Hi 111 who ordered for the nation that
solemn hour : we bow ourselves unto the blow
that fell 011 this whole people in the very hour
of their triumph and hushed all their shouts
of victory to the voiceless silence of woe. O
God. we'feci that the shadow of that death has
not passed away from the national heart, as this
solemn gathering testifies full well. Yet we
know that the gloom that falls on our lieaits
from this drapery of woe is gilded by the glory
of a srreat triumph, and by the light of the
memory of the illustrious dead. Still, 0 God,
mav we all of us learn the solemn lesson which
Thou dost intend to convey unto us. " Be ye
also ready, for ye know not the day nor the
hour when the Son of .Man cometh." ''The
Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away,
blessed he the name of the Lord."
We worship Thee as the God of our fathers.
Thou didst, mark out a path for them o\er the
backless seas, and didst bring them to these
shores, bearing with them the seeds of a great
dominion. We thank Thee that Thou didst so
protect it and cherish it that it spread itself
rapidly outward and over the breadth ol a
continent, bearing with it Christian tieedom,
churches, schools, intelligence; and all the
blessings of a Christian civilization. We thank
Thee. O God. that the power of'lhy love in its
unfolding was a resistless one, because backed
by Thy eternal counsels and by Thv Almighty
power. And because the might of God was in
it we have seen it in its progress sweeping all
obstacles away, crushing great systems and
great parlies, reforming public opinion, and
advancing to the control of a continent.
Aud we bless Thee. 0 God, that in every
hour of its peril heretofore rl 11011 hast raised
U]) for it heroic defenders. We thank lhee, 0 j
defender of Israel, that when treason was hatch- j
ing its plot and massing its armies, then. 0 God
of out fathers, Thou who didst of ohl bring
David from the sheepfohh didst also bring one
from the humble cabm of the pioneer to become
the chieftain of this great people in their hour
of danger, to shield them from disaster, and
lead them to final triumph. \\ e thank '1 lice
that Thou didst trive us an honest man ; a mini
simple-hearted, loving as a child, and yet oi
rugged strength, who wanted only culture and
discipline ; and that discipline 1 lion didst grant
unto him through stern public trial, through
bitter domestic sorrow, through the wonderful
leadings of Thy providence, until the me; e pol-
itician was overshadowed by the noblei growth
of his moral and spiritual nature ; until he came,
as we believe, into communion with Christ;
until he saw that our cause would prosper only
by justice; and then, inspired hy The.c, he ut-
tered those words of power that changed three
million slaves into men—the one act that lias
made his tiame illustrious forever.
We thank Thee, 0 God, that he did not die
until he was assured of victory, until he had
received all honor that earth could bestow; and
then we believe Thou didst give him a martyr's
crown. We thank Thee, 0 God, that we have
this hope for oar illustrious dead. We have
great reason to bless Thee that the enduring
strength of our institutions was such that they
sutfered no perceptible shock, even by the death
of such a man, and at such a time.
And we thank Thee that Thou didst provide
for us in that hour one who was strong enough
to receive, and to bear steadily, the weight of
Government. And we beseech Thee, O God,
to give him strength and wisdom, so that he
may work out this great problem to its solemn
solution, and by universal freedom and equal
right and equal law bind this whole people
into one inseparable nation.
Wo thank 'Vhee. O God, that the representa-
tives of the nation have seen fit to come together
to-dav, aud sit, for awhile in the shadow of
Abraham Lincoln's grave. 0 God, may they
reconsecrate themselves to the principles and
to the work which have caused him to be re-
membered and honored thus. And then, when
that great work is accomplished, a disinthralled
and regenerated land will be the fitting monu-
ment both for him and for them.
We beseech Thee, 0 God, to remember with
a special mercy the President of the United
States, and to grant him thewisdom and strength
which lie needs for the solemn responsibilities
of his position. God grant that he may so live
that a nation's sorrow shall be expressed when
God shall call him, as he will all of us, home.
We pr.w Thee to bless all his Cabinet _ ad-
visers. Blo.-s, we beseech Thee, the legi-da-
lors of the land. Remember the officers of the
Ai iiiy and of the Navy, illustrious as Thou hast
made them, through whose courage and skill
the great triumph was won. Remember our
soldiers and sailors. Bless the whole people.
Bless those who are struggling yet onward to
a perfect manhood.
Remember those eminent men, the honored
representam es of foreign Powers, who have
come here to testify with us their respect for
one who was honored abroad as well as at
home. Remember their sovereigns, and the
Governments that they represent. We thank
Thee. 0 God, that they and we are all at peace.
May that peace continue until the nations shall
learn war 110 m^re.
And remember, O God.thalbercaved woman,
sitting in the desolation of her widowhood to-
day. "And bless the family in its sore bereave-
ment; 'may iliey all be comforted by the thought
how much the husband and the father is loved
anil honored still.
Remember, O God, the distinguished orator
011 this occasion. "We pray Thee that Thou
wilt give him 10 utter words of power and truth
to-day, that shall make a deep and due impres-
sion on the heart and the mind of the nation.
.May we, 0 God, all of us so live that when
we have finished our course here, it may be
with exceeding joy, through Jesus Christ, our
Loid; to vriiom. with the Father, and the Holy
Spirit, we ascribe all praise and honor, now
and forever. Amen.
The P RI-LSlDii NT tempore of the Senate,
in introducing the orator of the clay, said :
No ordinary occasion could have com cned I Ids
august, assemblage. For four weary years the
storm of war. of civil war, raged fiercely over our
country. The blood of the best and bravest of
her soils was fieely shed 10 preserve her name
and place among the nations of the earth, tn
April hi5t the dark clouds which had so long
liuug heavily and gloomily over our heads were
all dispersed, and the light of peace, more v. el-
corne even than the vernal sunshine. gladdened
tlie eyes and the hearts of our people. Snouts
of joy and song-1 of triumph echoed Uirough the
