1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
Laivs of the United States.
39th Cong....1stSess.
Navy,'' shall be so construed as to prevent the
Secretary of the Navy from promoting to the
grade of rear admiral on the retired list those
commodores who have commanded squadrons
by order of the Secretary of the Navy, or
who have performed other highly meritorious
service.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That of
the number of line officers of the Navy on the
active list, five lieutenant commanders) twenty
lieutenants, fifty masters, and seventy-five en-
signs may be appointed from those officers who
have served in the volunteer naval service for a
period of not less than two years, arfd who are
either now in that service or have been honor-
ably discharged therefrom : Provided, That if
by reason of these appointments the number
of officers in any grade shall exceed the num-
ber fixed by law, no more promotions or ap-
pointments to that grade shall be made until
the number is reduced below the number fixed
by law for that grade: And provided further,
That the authority given by this section shall
be exhausted when the number of volunteer
officers above named shall have been once
appointed.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Navy shall appoint a board
consisting of not less than three naval officers
superior in rank to the officers to be thus ap-
pointed in the regular Navy from the volunteer
service, which board, after examination of the
claims of ail candidates, shall select and report
to the Secretary of the Navy the most meri-
torious in character, ability, professional com-
petency, and honorable service, the number
to be appointed and transferred to the several
grades mentioned in the second section of this
act, provided they shall Cud that number who
are suitably qualified therefor. And any offi-
cer who has served in the volunteer naval ser-
vice for the term of two years or more, shall
have the right to appear before the examining
board and present his claims and be exam-
ined for an appointment in the regular Navy.
And any volunteer officers attached to vessels
at sea or on foreign stations may be appointed
to the regular Navy, subject to the conditions
contained in this section, after their return to
the United States.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Navy be, and he hereby is,
authorized to retain, or to appoint under ex-
isting laws and regulations, such volunteer
officers in the Navy as the exigencies of the
service may require.
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted, That lieu-
tenant commanders may be assigned to duty as
navigation and watch officers on board of ves-
sels-of-war as well as first lieutenants of naval
stations and of ships-of-war.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
annual compensation of the Admiral of the
Navy shall be ten thousand dollars a year, and
he shall be entitled to the services of a secre-
tary, who shall receive the annual sea pay of
a lieutenant in the Navy.
Seo. 7. And be it further enacted, That naval
constructors and first and second assistant en-
gineers in the Navy shall be appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate, and
shall have naval rank and pay as officers of
the Navy.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, lhat all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith are
hereby repealed.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXXXII.—An Act to revive the Grade
of General in the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America %n
Congress assembled, That the grade of "gen-
eral of the Army of the United States ' be, and
the same is hereby, revived : and that the Pres~
ident is hereby authorized, whenever he shall
deem it expedient, to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a general of
the Army of the United States, to be selected
from among those officers in the military ser-
vice of the United States most distinguished
for courage, skill, and ability, who, being com-
missioned as general, maybe authorized, under
the direction and during the pleasure of the
President, to command tlie armies of the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tlfe
pay proper of the general shall be four hun-
dred dollars per month; and his allowance for
fuel and quarters, when his headquarters are
in Washington, shall be at the rate of three
hundred dollars per month, and his other al-
lowances in all respects the same as are allowed
to the lieutenant general by the second section
of the act approved February twenty-nine,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An
act reviving the grade of lieutenant general in
the United States Army;" and the chief of
staff to the lieutenant general shall be trans-
ferred and be the chief of staff to the general,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brig-
adier general in the Army of the United States ;
and the act approved March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, entitled "An act to
provide for a chief of staff to the lieutenant
general commanding the armies of the United
States," is hereby repealed, and the said gen-
eral may select from the regular Army for ser-
vice upon his staff such number of aides, not
exceeding six, as he may judge proper, who
during the term of such staff service shall each
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colo-
nel of cavalry. And it is hereby provided, that
in lieu of the staff now allowed by law to the
lieutenant general, he shall be entitled to two
aides and one military secretary, each to have
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a lieutenant
colonel of cavalry, during the term of such
staff service.
Approved, July 25, 186(?.
Chap. CCXXXIII.—An Act making Appro-
priations for the Consular and Diplomatic
Expenses of the Government for the year
ending thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,;
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the objects hereafter
expressed, for the fiscal, year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States
at Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia,
Spain, Austria, Brazil, republic of Mexico,
China, Italy, Chili, Peru, Switzerland, Rome,
Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey,
New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela,
Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands,
Costa Rica, Honduras, Argentine Confedera-
tion, Paraguay, Japan, and Salvador, three
hundred and eight thousand five hundred dol-
For salaries of secretaries of legation,
thirty thousand dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of lega-
tion at London and Paris, three thousand dol-
For salary of the interpreter to the lega-
tion to China, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to
Turkey, acting as interpreter, three thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Bai'bary
Powers, three thousand dollars. _
For expenses of the consulates in the lurk-
ish dominions, namely: interpreters, guards,
and other expenses of the consulates at Con-
stantinople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and
Beirut, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the relief and protection of American
seamen in foreign countries, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in
acknowledging the services of the masters
and crews of foreign vessels in rescuing citi-
zens of the United States from shipwreck, ten
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
book-cases, arms of the United States, seals,
presses, and flags, and for the payment of
postages, and miscellaneous expenses of the
consuls of the United States, including loss
by exchange, fifty thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general,
consuls, and commercial agents who are not
allowed to trade, including loss by exchange
thereon, forty-five thousand dollars,
For salaries of consuls general, consuls,
commercial agents, and thirteen consular
clerks, including loss by exchange thereon:,
namely :
i. consulates general,
Schedule B.
Alexandria, Calcutta, Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the-Main, Havana, Montreal, Shanghai.
ii. consulates
Schedule B.
Acapulco, Aix-la-Cliapelle, Algiers, Amoy,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bankok,
Basle, Belfast, Beirut, Buenos Avres. Bor-
deaux, Bremen, Brindisi, Boulogne, Barce-
lona, Cadiz, Callao, Candia, Canton, Chin
Kiang, Clifton, Coaticook, Cork, Demarara,
Dundee, Klsinore, Erie, Foo-Choo, Funchal,
Geneva, Genoa, Gibraltar, Glasgow, Godericli,
Guaymas, Halifax, Hamburg, Havre, Hono-
lulu, Hong-Kong, Hankow, Jerusalem, Kana-
gawa, Kingston, Kingston in Canada, La Ro-
chelle, Laguayra, Lahaina, Leeds, Leghorn,
Leipsic, Lisbon, Liverpool, London, Lyons,
Malaga, Malta, Manchester, Matanzas, Mar-
seilles, Mauritius. Melbourne, Messina, Mos-
cow, Munich, Nagasaki, Naples, Nassau,
(WestIndies,) Newcastle, Nice, Nantes, Odes-
sa, Oporto, Palermo, Panama, Paris, Per-
nambuco, Pictou, Ponce, Port Mahon, Pres-
cott, Prince Edward Island,"Bevel, Rio de
Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Juan del Sur, San
Juan, (Porto Rico,) Saint John, (CanadaEast,)
Santiago de Cuba, Port Sarnia, Singapore,
Smyrna, Spezzia,. Southampton, .Saint John,
(Newfoundland,) Saint Petersburg, SaintPierre
(Martinique,) Saint Thomas, Stuttgardt, Swar-
tow, Saint Helena, Tampico, Tangier,/Toronto,
Trieste, Trinidad de Cuba, Tripoli, Tunis,
Turk's Island, Valparaiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna,
Windsor, Zurich.
iii. commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Balize. (Honduras,) Madagascar, San Juan
del Norte, Saint Domingo.
iv. consulates.
Schedule C.
Aux Cayes, Bahia, Batavia, Bay of Islands,
Cape Ilaytien, Cape Town, Carthagena, Cey-
lon, Cobija, Cyprus, Falkland Islands, Fayal,
Guayaquil, Lanthala, Maranham, Matamoras,
Mexico, Montevideo, Omoa, Payta,Para, Paso
del Norte, Piraeus, Rio Grande, Sabamlla,
Saint Catherine, Santa Cruz, (West Indies,)
Santiago, (Cape Verde.) Stettin, Tabasco,,1a-
hita, Talcahuano, Tumbez, Venice, Zanzibar.
v. commercial agencies.
Schedule C.
Amoor River, Apia, Gaboon, Saint Paul de
Loando, [Loanda.] four hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars: Provided, lhat the
compensation of the consuls at Malta, feaint
John, (Canada East,) Nice, Lisbon, Santa
