2824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
whether it is done by the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company, by the corporation of the city
of Washington, or by any other corporation.
If a private corporation will construct this
canal free of expense to this city and to the
Government, then I am in favor of that cor-
poration ; and I believe that is what this bill
will accomplish.
Mr. FARNSWORTfi. I find in the four-
teenth section of this bill the following pro-
vision :
That the said company shall, within thirty days
after the passage of this act, cause a constant stream
of fresh water to be turned into and upon tho said
old canal, and to flow through the same from the
western corporate limits of the city of Washington
to the Anacostia river, and to continue so to flow
until tho 20th day of October next, in default whereof
tho said corporators of said company shall forfeit and
be jointly and severally liable to pay to the United
States the sum of $2,000 recoverable on motion made
by the mayor of the city of Washington or any other
person, after ten days' notice thereof, duly served,
in the supreme court of tho District of Columbia, or
any other court having competent jurisdiction:
I would ask my colleague [Mr. Ixgersoll]
if this corporation will be liable to this forfeit-
ure before they shall signify their acceptance
of the terms of this act. I do not find any
provision in this bill prescribing that this cor-
poration shall signify their acceptance of this
grant. Does my colleague suppose that this
company can be made liable before they have
done anything to signify that they are a party
to this act?
Mr. IN6ERS0LL. No, sir; I do not think
they could.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Should there not
bo a provision in this bill providing that this
company shall signify their acceptance of this
grant within a certain time after the passage
of this act?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing to agree
to any amendment of that kind the gentleman
may offer. I will now yield the remainder of
the morning hour, but one minute, to the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas.]
Mr. F. THOMAS. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] proposes that I shall in
the short space of ten minutes answer the argu-
ment which he has submitted to the House on
a measure of vital importance to my constitu-
ency, and at the same time weave into the
discussion all those elements which it has
suited the peculiar views of the gentleman to
leave out of his remarks. Now, it is for the
House to determine whether such a proposition
is reasonable in itself.
Now, when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ixgersoll] shall have concluded his remarks
I will ask the indulgence of the House to en-
deavor to explain fully and clearly the whole
bearing of this proposition, which, as I have
already stated, is of vast importance to the
interests I represent; for this is by no means
a local measure. I know I have the opportu-
nity of consuming the next seven or eight min-
utes, and then this bill will go over, as a matter
of course. But I will deal more courteously
with the House, and ask them to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until next
Friday morning.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing, if the
House will consent, that this bill shall be dis-
cussed for two days, and then the gentleman
can have all the time he desires, if the House
will consent to give it to him. And I will join
with the gentleman from Maryland in asking
the House to give him all the time he wishes,
or for two or three hours in addition to what
he would have now, if we can have it, say to-
morrow, instead of using up next Friday morn-
ing, which is private-bill day. I know there
are several other committees that desire to
introduce private bills, and the longer this bill
is considered on private-hill days the longer
the other committees will be crowded out.
Now, if the House will give us to-morrow, or
another hour to-day, or a night session, I will be
willing that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
F. Thojias] shall take all the time he wants.
The SPEAKER. If this bill is debated
until tho close of the morning hour it will go
over until next Friday morning; or if the
House shall meet to-morrow this bill would
come up to-morrow morning, Saturday being
private-bill day as well as Friday.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Before I utter another
word I will ask the gentleman from Illinois if
I am to understand that I have the floor as of
right or as a concession from him. If I have
it as a right I know how to act; if I hold it as
a concession from him I also know how to act.*
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. F. Tiiomas] to understand
that it would be as gratifying to me as it would
be to himself to have him occupy the floor as
a right. But if the House will not allow us any
more time than the morning hour of to-day and
the morning hour of next Friday, I must ask
a vote in the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Iugersoi.l]
that this bill must be disposed of before any
other committee can be called for private bills.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
Maryland state how much time he wants?
Mr. F. THOMAS. I cannot tell that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will ask the Speaker
how long before the morning hour will expire.
The SPEAKER. It will expire in four
minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me to submit a motion to de-
termine the question whether we are to have a
session of the House to-morrow or not? I de-
sire to move that when the House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield for that
purpose now. Now, I want to deal in all fair-
ness with the gentleman from Maryland and to
accord to him not only his rights but even
more. I want to be as courteous and indul-
gent as it is possible for me to be. But I am
aware that if he now takes the floor without
restriction, then within one or two minutes the
morning hour will expire, and he will have all
the nextmorning hour, and then the bill will go
over another week. And in that way this bill may
be postponed four or five weeks. Now, if we
are to derive any sanitary advantages from this
bill, the sooner it is passed, if it is to be passed,
the better. If the gentleman will say that he
will yield after having occupied thirty minutes,
I will yield to him with pleasure.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I hope the gentleman
will excuse me if I say that to me one of the
most unpleasant scenes that ever occurs on the
floor of the House is tho position that some
gentlemen claim, to have the right to occupy
the floor and say to other members who shall
speak, how long they shall speak, and when.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have this much to
say in reply to the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. F. Thomas,] that it does seem to me that
lie is determined that I shall not be even court-
eous, though I am willing to yield to him all
the time of the next morning hour that I can.
But I cannot consent to give him more than
thirty minutes. I want to know if the House
desires to discuss this bill for three or four
weeks, thereby preventing the reporting of any
other private measure for that time. I will call
the previons question unless the gentleman will
consent to occupy but half an hour during the
next morning hour.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I cannot promise any-
thing like that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I then call the previous
question.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 25, noes 75.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over until the morn-
ing hour of the next private-bill day.
message jrom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying tho House
that that body had passed Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 87, to provide for the payment of
, bounty to certain Indian regiments, in which
j he was directed to ask the concurrence of tho
I House.
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolutions of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) providing
for the acceptance of a collection of plants
tendered to the Uftited States by Frederick
Pech; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 116) respecting
quarantine and health laws.
hubert ii. booley.
Mr. HOLMES asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files the petition and paper3
of Hubert H. Booley.
security 01? government funds.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask con-
sent to report from the Committee on Banking
and Currency a bill to secure and regulate tho
safe-keeping of public money intrusted to dis-
bursing officers of the United States, that the
same may be printed and recommitted, with
leave to the committee to report at any time.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will have no objection
to this bill being reported, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted. But I must object to its be-
ing reported back at any time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] will
look at the bill, and see what it is, I think he
will see that it is important that it should be
passed at once. It is for the better security
of public moneys intrusted to the disbursing
officers of the Government.
Mr. LE BLOND. So far as that is con-
cerned the Government has already the power
to secure that. They should never have per-
mitted these public funds to be intrusted to
certain banks.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
ask that this bill be considered now. It is a
most important bill; and I call for its reading
so that the House may see how important it is.
The bill was read through.
Mr. LE BLOND. I withdraw my objection,
if the gentleman from Massachusetts wants to
put the bill upon its passage.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massaphusetts. I hope
the House will pass the bill; but I do not feel
at liberty to take up the time of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. McRUER. I object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move,
then, that the bill be ordered to be printed
and recommitted; and that the committee have
leave to report at any time.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am in-
structed by the Committee on Military Affairs
to report back House bill No. 002, to equalize
the bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines,
who served in the late war for the Union.
The bill, as it now stands, is a substitute for
the original bill reported by the committee.
It has been printed, and in possession of the
House since yesterday. I report back the sub-
stitute with a single amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I am anxious to get through
with the internal revenue bill this week, and
we will be able to do so if we can have to-day
and to-morrow. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether he expects to take up much time.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is what I was going to
explain, but in this House gentlemen antici-
pate and ask for explanation when it is about
to bo made. I was going on to say we report
back the substitute with a single amendment,
and propose to ask tho action of the House on ■
the substitute as slightly amended, and finally
upon the bill as amended.
This*is an act eminently of generous justice
to the soldiers. I know there are a great many
gentlemen in this House on both sides, but
