THE CONGRBS&KMAL GLOBE.
February 12,
    ^fhshearts ofithedevootpouredthemselves
i !arisoHg and thanksgivings. to the God.of bat-
tlasiand of nations that the most wicked and
most formidable rebellion ever known in human
-History had been effectually crushed and our
country saved. _ , •
S In i.lu- inidst of all this abounding joy, sud-
denly and swiftly as the lightning's flash, came
the fearful tidings that the Chief Magistrate of
the Republic, our President, loved and hon-
ored as few men ever were, so honest, so faithful,
so frue to his duty and his country- had been
foully murdered, had fallen by the bullet of an
assassin. All hearts were stricken with horror.
The transition from extreme joy to profound
sorrow was never more sudden and universal.
Had'it been possible for a stranger, ignorant of
the.truth, to look over our land, he would have
supposed that there had come upon us some vis-
itation of the Almighty not_ less dreadful than
that which once fell on ancient Egypt on that
fearful night when there was not a house where
there was not one dead. The nation wept for
him.
After being gazed upon by myriads of loving
eyes, under the dome of this magnificent Capitol,
tharemains of our President were borne in sol-
emn procession through our cities, towns, and
villages, all draped in the habiliments of sorrow,
the symbols and tokens of profound and heart-
felt grief, to their final resting-place in the cap-
ital of his own State. There he sleeps, peace-
fully embalmed in the tears of his countrymen.
The Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States have deemed it proper to
commemorate this tragic event by appropriate
services. This day, the birthday of him whom
we mourn, has properly been selected. An
eminent citizen, distinguished by his labors
and services in high and responsible public
positions at home and abroad—whose pen has
instructed the present age in the history of his
country, and„done much to transmit the fame
and renown of that country to future ages—
Hon. George Bancroft—will now deliver a dis-
course.
Mr. BxYNCROFT (who, on coming forward,
■was greeted with warm demonstrations of ap-
plause) then proceeded to deliver the following
ORATION.
Senators, Representatives, of America :
That God rules in the affairs of men is as cer-
tain as any truth of physical science. On the
great moving Power which is from the begin-
ning hangs the world of the senses and the
world of thought and action. Eternal wisdom
marshals the great procession of the nations,
working in patient continuity through the ages,
never halting and never abrupt, encompassing
all events in its oversight, and ever effecting
its will, though mortals may slumber in apathy
or oppose with madness. Kings are lifted up
or thrown down, nations come and go, repub-
lics flourish and wither, dynasties pass away like
a tale that is told ; but nothing is by chance,
though men in their ignorance of causes may
think so. The deeds of time are governed, as
well as judged, by the decrees of eternity. The
caprice of fleeting existences bends to the im-
movable Omnipotence, which plants its foot on
all the centuries and has neither change of pur-
pose nor repose. Sometimes, like a messen-
ger through the thick darkness of night, it steps
along mysterious ways; but when the hour
strikes lor a people, or for mankind, to pass
into a new form of being, unseen hands draw
the bolts from the gates of futurity; an all-sub-
duing influence prepares the minds of men for
the coming revolution ; those who plan resist-
ance find themselves in conflict with the will of
Providence, rather than with human devices:
and all hearts and all understandings, most of
all the opinions and influences of the unwilling,
are wonderfully attracted and compelled to bear
forward the change which becomes more an
obedience to the law of universal nature than
submission to the arbitrament of man.
OrRowrn OF the ameeicas.' ekpi-blio.
In the fulhiess of time a republic rose up in
the wilderness of America. '1 housand of years
had passed away before this child of the ages
could be born. Prom whatever there was of
;ood in the systems of former centuries she
irew her nourishment; the wrecks of the past
were her warnings. - With the deepest senti-
ment of faith fixed in her inmost nature, she
disinthralled religion from bondage to temporal
power, that her worship might be worship only in
spij-itandintruth. The wisdom which had passed
from India through Greece, with what Greece
had added of her own; the jurisprudence of
Rome; the medieval municipalities; the Teu-
tonic method of representation ; the political
experience of England; the benignant wisdom
of the expositors of the law of nature and of
nations in France and Holland, all shed on Jier
their selectest influence. She washed the gold
of political wisdom from the sands wherever
it was found; she cleft it from the rocks; she
gleaned it among ruins. Out of all the dis-
coveries of statesmen and sages, out of all the
experience of past human life, she compiled a
perennial political phi'osophy, the primordial
principles of national ethics. The wise men of
Europe sought the best Government in a mix-
ture of monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy;
and America went behind these names to ex-
tract from them the vital elements of social
forms, and blend them harmoniously in the free
commonwealth, which comes nearest to the
illustration of the natural equality of all men.
She intrusted the guardianship of established
rights to law; the movements of reform to the
spirit of the people, and drew her force from
the happy reconciliation of both.
TERRITORIAL EXTENT OF THE REPUBLIC.
Republics had heretofore been limited to
small cantons or citiesand their dependencies;
America, doing that of which (he like had not
before been known upon the earth, or believed
by kings and statesmen to be possible, ex-
tended her republic across a continent. Under
her auspices the-vine of liberty took deep root
and filled the land; the hills were covered with
its shadow; its boughs were like the goodly
cedars, and reached unto both oceans. The
fame of this only daughter of freedom went out
into all the lands of the earth; from her the
human race drew hope.
PROPHECIES ON TIIE CONSEQUENCES OK SLAVERY.
Neither hereditary monarchy nor hereditary
aristocracy planted itself on our soil; the only
hereditary condition that fastened itself upon
us was servitude. Nature works in sincerity,
and is ever true to its law. The bee hives houey,
the viper distills poison; the vine stores its
juices,* and so do the poppy and the upas. In
like manner, every thought and every action
ripens its seed, each in its kind. In the indi-
vidual man, and st-ill more in a nation, a just
idea gives life and progress and glory; a false
conception portends disaster, shame, and death.
A hundred and twenty years ago, a West Jer-
sey Quaker wrote: "This trade of import-
ing slaves is dark gloominess hanging over the
land ; the consequences will be grievous to pos-
terity." At the North the growth of slavery
was arrested by natural causes ; in the region
nearest the tropics it throve rankly, and worked
itself into the organism of the rising States.
Virginia stood between the two ; with soil and
climate, and resources demanding free labor,
yet capable of the profitable employment of the
slave. She was the land of great statesmen ;
and they saw the danger of her being whelmed
under the risingfiood in time to struggle against
the delusions of avarice and pride. Ninety-
four years ago the' Legislature of Virginia ad-
dressed the British king, saying that the trade
in slaves was " of great inhumanity," was op-
posed to the "security and happiness" of their
constituents, "would in time have the mostde-
structive influence," and "endanger their very
existence." And the king answered them, that
"upon pain of his highest displeasure, the im-
portation of slaves should not be in any respect
obstructed." "Pharisaical Britain," wrote
Franklin in behalf of Virginia, " to pride thy-
self in setting free a single slave that happened
to land on thy coasts, while thy laws continue
a traffic whereby so many hundreds of thou-
sands are dragged into a slavery that is entailed
on their posterity." "A serious view of this
subject," said Patrick Henry in 1773, "gives
a gloomy prospect to future times." In the
same year George Mason wrote to the Legis-
lature of Virginia, "The laws of impartial
Providence may avenge our injustice upon our
posterity.'' Conforming his conduct to his con-
victions, in Virginia, and in the Continental
Congress, Jefferson, ^ith the approval of Ed-
mund Pendleton, branded the slave trade as
piracy; and he fixed in the Declaration of In-
dependence as the corner-stone of America,
"All men are created equal, with an unaliena-
ble right to liberty." On the first organization
of temporary governments for the continental
domain, Jefferson, but for the default ofNew
Jersey, would, in 1784, have consecrated every
part of that territory to freedom. In the for-
mation of the national Constitution Virginia, op-
posed by a part of New England, vainly strug-
gled to abolish the slave trade at once and for-
ever; and when the Ordinance of 1787 was
introduced by Nathan Dane, without the clause
prohibiting slavery, it was through the favor-
able disposition of Virginia and the South that
the clause of Jefferson was restored, and the
whole northwestern territory—all the territory
that then belonged to the nation—was reserved
for the labor of freemen.
DESPAIR OF THE MEN OF THE REVOLUTION.
The hope prevailed in Virginia that the abo-
lition of the slave trade would bring with it the
gradual abolition of slavery; but the expecta-
tion was doomed to disappointment. In sup-
porting incipient measures for emancipation,
Jefferson encountered difficulties greater than
he could overcome; and after vain wrestlings,
the words that broke from him, "I tremble for
my country when I reflect that God is just, that
His justice cannot sleep forever," were words
of despair. It was the desire of Washington's
heart that Virginia should remove slavery by a
public act; and as the prospects of a general
emancipation grew more and more dim he, in
utter hopelessness of the action of the State, did
all that he could by bequeathing freedom to his
own slaves. Good and true men had, from the
days of 177C, proposed to colonize the_ negro
in the home of his ancestors. But the idea of
colonization was thought to increase the diffi-
culty of emancipation; and m spite of strong
support, while it accomplished much good for
Africa, it proved impracticable as a remedy at
home. Madison, who in early life disliked sla-
very so much that ho wished "to depend as
little as possible on the labor of slaves;" Mad-
ison, who held that where slavery exists "the
republican theory becomes fallacious;" Madi-
son, who in the last years of his life would not
consent to the annexation of Texas, lest his
countrymen should fill it with slaves; Madison,
who said "slavery is the greatest evil under
which the nation labors, n portentous evil—an
evil, moral, political, and economical—a sad
blot on our free country," went mournfully into
old age with the cheerless words, "No satis-
factory plan has yet been devised for taking
out the stain."
NEW VIEWS OP SLAVERY.
The men of the Revolution passed away. A
new generation sprang up, impatient that an
institution to which they elung should be con-
demned as inhuman, unwise, and unjust; :n
the throes of discontent at the self-reproach of
their fathers, and blinded by the luster of wealth
to be acquired by the culture of a new staple,
they devised the theory that slavery, which they
would not abolish, was not evil, but good. They
turned on the friends of colonization, and con-
fidently demanded, " Why take black men from
a civilized and Christian country, where their
labor is a source of immense gain, and a power
to control the, markets of the world, and send
them to a land of ignorance, idolatry, and in-
dolence, whicji was the home of their fore-
fathers, but not theirs? Slavery is a blcesing.
Were they not in their ancestral land naked,
scarcely lifted above brutes, ignorant of tha
