384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Cruz, Tampico, Prince Edward Island, Bar-
celona, Saint Catherine's, in Brazil, and
Nantea, is established at fifteen hundred dol-
lars each annually, and the compensation of
the consul at Hankow is established at three
thousand dollars annually; and no money
shall be paid to the present minister resident
at Portugal out of any funds whatever on ac-
count of further services in his office.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
and to th« consular court at Bankok, in Siam,
including loss by exchange thereon, eight
thousand three hundred dollars.
For expenses incurred under instructions
from the Secretary of State, in bringing home
from foreign countries persons charged with
crime, and expenses incident thereto, twenty
thousand dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consu-
lar courts in Japan, including that, at Nagasaki,
and in China, Siam,and Turkey, including loss
by exchange thereon, ten thousand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts
in Japan, China, Siain, and Turkey, and for
wages of the keepers of the same, nine thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of commissioners and consuls
general to Hayti, Liberia, and Dominica, nine-
teen thousand dollars; and the title of these
diplomatic representatives shali be hereafter
minister resident and consul general, with no
increase of salary.
For expenses under the act of Congress to
carry into effect the treaty between the United
States and her Britannic Majesty for the sup-
pression of the African slave trade, seventeen
thousand dollars.
For expenses under the act ,to encourage
immigration, twenty thousand dollars.
For further compensation of the commis-
sioner under the treaty between the United
States and her Britannic Majesty for the final
settlement of the claims of the Hudson's Bay
and Puget Sound Agricultural Company, three
thousand dollars in full for his services and
personal expenses.
Forexpenses under the neutrality act, twenty
thousand dollars.
For expenses of the commission to run and
mark the boundary line between the United
States and the British possessions bounding on
Washington Territory, thirteen thousand one
hundred and ten dollars.
Forthc payment of the second annual install-
ment of the proportion contributed by the Uni-
ted States towards the capitalization of the
Scheldt dues, to fulfill the stipulations con-
tained in the fourth article-of the convention
between the United States and Belgium of the
twentieth of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, the sum of fifty-five thousand five hun-
dred and eighty-four dollars in coin, and such
further sum as may be necessary to carry out
the stipulation of the convention providing for
payment of interest on the said sum and on the
portion of the principal remaining unpaid.
For repairs of cemetery fences and sexton's
house, belonging to the United States, in the
city of Mexico, fifteen hundred dollars, to be
expended under the direction of the President
or the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a second Assistant Secretary of
State in the Department of State, and ateo an
examiner of claims for the same Department,
whose salary shall be three thousand dollars
per annum; and the salary of the second As-
sistant Secretary of State shall be thirty-five
hundred dollars per annum; and such sums
are hereby appropriated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
fees collected by any consul or commercial
agent not mentioned in schedule B or C, or by
any vice consul or commercial agent appointed
to perform their duties, or by any other person,
in their behalf, shall be accounted for to the
Secretary of the Treasury in the same mode
and manner as is provided for in section eight-
een of the act approved August eighteen, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, entitled "An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular system
of the United States." And when the fees so
collected by any such consul or commercial
agent amountto more than twenty-five hundred
dollars in any one year, over and above the
expenses of office rent and clerk hire, to be
approved by the Secretary of State, of which
return shall be made to the Secretary of the
Treasury, the excess for that year shall be paid
to the Secretary of the Treasury, in the mode
provided for by said act.
Sec. i. And be it further enacted, That the
salary of any envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary hereafter appointed shall be
the salary of a minister resident and nothing
more, except when he is appointed to one of
the countries where the United States are now
represented by an envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXXXIV.—An Act further to provide
for the Safety of the Lives of Passengers on
board of Vessels propelled in whole or in
part by Steam, to regulate the Salaries of
Steamboat Inspectors, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if any engineer or
pilot, licensed in pursuance of law by any in-
spector or board of inspectors, shall, to the
hinderance of commerce, wrongfully or unrea-
sonably refuse to serve as such on any steam
vessel, as authorized by the terms of his license,
or shall fail to deliver to the applicant for such
services, at the time of such refusal, if the
same shall be demanded, a statement in writing,
signed by such engineeror pilot, of the reasons
therefor, or if any pilot shall refuse to admit
into the pilot-house with him any person or per-
sons whom the captain or owners of any steam-
boat may desire to place there for the purpose
of acquiring the knowledge of piloting, he shall
forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved thereby
the sum of three hundred dollars, to be re-
covered in an action of debt founded on this
statute. And thereupon on such recovery, as
well as on such refusal to give such statement
in writing, or to admit such person into the
pilot-house as aforesaid, his license shall be
immediately revoked, upon the same proceed-
ings as are provided by law in other cases of
the revocation of such licenses.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when
boilers are so arranged on a steamer that there
is employed a water connecting-pipe through
which the water may pass from one boiler to
another, there shall also be provided a similar
steam connection, having an area of opening
into each boiler of at least one square inch for
every two square feet of effective heating sur-
face contained in any one of the boilers so
connected, half the flue and all other surfaces
being computed as effective. And no boiler
shall hereafter be allowed, under any circum-
stances, a greater working pressure than one
hundred and fifty pounds to the square inch.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That one
or more additional safety-valves, of such di-
mensions and arrangement as shall be pre-
scribed by the board of supervising inspectors,
shall be placed on the boilers of every steamer,
and shall be loaded to a pressure not exceeding
two pounds above the working steam pressure
allowed, and shall be secured by the inspector
against the interference of all persons engaged
in the management of the vessel or her ma-
chinery. And the alloyed metals now required
by law to bo placed in or upon the flues of
boilers shall be fusible, as now required by
law, and at a temperature not exceeding four
hundred and forty-five degrees of the Fahren-
heit thermometer r and a good and reliable
water-gauge and a full set of gauge cocks shall
be provided for each boiler, whether connected
or otherwise.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no
steamboat boiler hereafter built, to which the
heat is applied on the outside of the shell, shall
be constructed of plates of more than three
tenths of an inch in thickness, the ends oi
heads of boilers only excepted. And every
steamboat boiler hereafter built, if employed
on rivers flowing into the Gulf of Mexico, or
their tributaries, shall have not less than three
inches of clear space for water between and
around its internal flues. And steamers here-
after built, which shall employ four or more
boilers set in a battery, shall have the same
divided in such a manner that one half, as
nearly as may be, of the number of boilers
employed will act independently of the other
half, so far as relates to the water connection ;
but the steam from all the boilers may be con-
nected as provided by this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That cot-
ton, hemp, hay, straw, or other easily ignitible
commodity, shall not be carried on the decks
or guards of any steamer carrying passengers,
except on ferry-boats crossing rivers, and then
only on the sterns of such boats, unless the
same shall be protected by a complete and
suitable covering of canvas or other proper
material, to preventignitionfrom sparks, under
a penalty of one hundred dollars for each of-
fense. Nor shall coal oil or crude petroleum
be hereafter carried on such steamers, except
on the decks or guards thereof, or in open
holdswhere a free circulation of airis secured,
and at such distance from the furnaces or fires
as may be prescribed by any supervisors [su-
pervising] inspector or any board of local in-
spectors.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That barges
carrying passengers while in tow of a steamer
shall be subject to the provisions of the acts for
the preservation of the lives of passengers, so
far as relates to fire-buckets, axes, and life-
preservers. For a violation of this section the
penalty shall be one hundred dollars.
Seu. 7. And be it further enacted, That
steamers used as freight boats shall be subject
to the same inspection and requirements as
provided for ferry, tug, and canal boats, by an
act relating to steamboats, approved the eighth
day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
and to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if
any person connected, as a member or other-
wise, with any association of steamboat pilots,
engineers, masters, or owners, shall accept or
attempt to exercise the functions of the office
of steamboat inspector, it shall be a misde-
meanor, for which he shall forfeit his office, and
shall be further subject to a penalty of five hun-
dred dollars.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
vessels navigating the bays, inlets, rivers, har-
bors, and other waters of the United States,
except vessels subject to the jurisdiction of a
foreign Power and engaged in foreign trade and
not owned in whole or in part by a citizen of.
the United States, shall be subject to the navi-
gation laws of the United States; and all ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
navigating as aforesaid, shall also be subject to
all rules and regulations consistent therewith,
established for the government of steam vessels
in passing, as provided in the twenty-ninth sec-
tion of an act relating to steam vessels, ap-
proved the thirtieth day of August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two. And every sea-going
steam vessel now subject or hereby made sub-
ject to the navigation laws of the United States,
and to the rules and regulations aforesaid,
shall, when under way, except upon the high
ij seas, be under the control and direction of
jl pilots licensed by the inspectors of steam ves-
! sels; vessels of other countries and public
li vessels of the United States only excepted.
