1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
the bill as it was originally introduced and grant
one hundred thousand acres, and if that will
build a harbor'there, it will bo a very valuable
investment).1! think.
Mr. HARRIS. The facts in this case, as
they appeared before the committee, are in a
short space. There are thirteen companies
engaged in copper mining in the vicinity of
this small lake. It requires, in order to con-
nect this small lake with Lake Superior, a canal
of about half a mile iu length. Those mining
companies have combined together to open that
communication. They have expended about
forty thousand dollars, and have contracts now
running which"will make the cost of the canal
about ninety thousand dollars. So far it is a
private enterprise ; it is a canal to be made
for the benefit of those mining companies,
and to that extent they would have no claim
upon the Government. But it appeared be-
fore the committee, as has been stated by the
Senator from Wisconsin, that the opening of a
communication through this canal into this
lake would.make a convenient harbor along
that coast, and that it was needed. Under
these circumstances the committee thought it
would be proper enough to allow the gentle-
men engaged in this private enterprise, and
who are going to make an improvement which
will result, in public advantage, a small amount
of land, fifty thousand acres. That was the
judgment of the committee. It was inquired
why they wanted more money than the amount
they were now expending. They said the party
wished to build some wharves and piers, which
would make the entire cost §15(1,000. Under
these circumstances the committee decided to
report in favor of allowing them fifty thousand
acres of land. The question is whether it shall
be fifty thousand or one hundred thousand
acres. The whole expenditure for wharves,
piers, and everything for the convenience of
these thirteen mining companies will bo about
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars accord-
ing to their own estimates. It seems to me
that fifty thousand acres is enough.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am sorry not to bo
able to agree with either side exactly. I do
not think the company when they get these
lands will realize very much from them. There
is no town there; there is no agricultural settle-
ment there; but back about fifteen miles there
are some copper mining companies, one or two
operating successfully, and the others rather
experimentally. The lauds are not of them-
selves of very much value. They are not very
desirable fanning lands, as I believe, and I do
not think the company will realize out of the
one hundred thousand acres $100,000. That
is my opinion about it. I shall vote against the
amendment, although it came from the com-
mittee of which I am a member. 1 feel free to
do so, because I did not concur in the judgment
of the committee about this bill. The only
importance of this bill in a public point of view
is that it sets a precedent. It proposes to make
harbors of local importance, in my judgment.
Whether this will he a harbor of refuge or not
ought to be decided by some Government
engineer. We have none of that satisfactory
sort of evidence upon that subject, which Con-
gress generally requires. But if we pass the
bill, I think the grant ought to be one hundred
thousand acres.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is not at this
time a single safe harbor of refuge on Lake
Superior, and this would make a perfectly safe
and reliable harbor. The lands, as the Sena-
tor from Indiana remarked, are of a very poor
quality indeed ; they are not taken up for farm-
ing purposes at all. 1 do not believe, that the
lauds could to-day be sold for half the Govern-
mentprice—$125 per acre—if they were thrown
into the market in"order to realize money from
them. 1 hope the amendment proposed by
the committee wiil not prevail, and that one
hundred thousand acres will be granted ; for
with that they will build this harbor of refuge,
with good and sufficient piers, and make it a
national work. As I remarked a short time
ago. this is petitioned for by every Board of
Trade from Chicago to Philadelphia, and by
two or three State Legislatures. It is really a
national work, in my judgment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the com-
mittee to strike out " one hundred" and insert
"fifty."
The ameudment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
printing of a bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to have an order
of the Senate to print one hundred additional
copies of Senate bill No. 207, introduced yes-
terday by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] to regulate the occupation of mineral
lands and to extend the right of preemption
thereto. As it is an important bill to my State,
I ask for an order of the Senate for the print-
ing of one hundred additional copies.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule of the Senate a motion to print any addi-
tional number of copies goes to the Committee
on Printing. The Chair can consider it only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. This is so small a number
that it is hardly worth while to refer it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being interposed, the order will be entered.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Llovd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills: which weie thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 10o) to grant the right of way
to the Cascade Railroad Company through a
military reserve in Washington Territory ;
A bill (S. No. 11 ">) for the relief of Jane W.
Ncthaway;
A bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of F. A. Pat-
terson, late captain of the third Virginia cav-
alry ; and
A bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of Emma J.
Hall.
james o. clarke.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (S. No.
218) for the relief of James G. Clarke was read
the second time and considered as iti Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to .lames G. Clarke the
sum of $<v(s3 i)(i in full for services as acting
charge d'affaires of (he. United States at Brus-
sels from .June 11,1857, to September 27,1858.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the thiid time, and passed.
jamhs crutciiett.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, (he joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. GO) referring the petition and
papers in the ease of James Cruiehetf to Ihe
Court nf Claims was read a second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
soutiiklln minnesota railroad.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 150) making an additional
grant of lands to the State of Minnesota, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of a railroad in said State. It proposes to
make a land grant of ten sections in width on
each side to the State of Minnesota for the use
and benefit of the Southern Minnesota Rail-
i£>ad Company, for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of their branch railroad from
some point on their present located line of
railroad east of range ten, westerly through
the counties of Fillmore, Mower, Freeborn,
and Faribault, to the western boundary of the
State.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with various amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line thirty-seven, to
strike out the words "subject to the approval
of the President of the United States" and to
insert "provided the United States has yet in
possession the title thereto;" so that the pro-
viso will read:
Provided further. That any anil all lands heretofore
reserved to the United States by any act of Congress,
or in any other manner by competent authority, for
tho purpose of aiding in any object of internal im-
provement, or other purpose whatever, be, and tho
samo are hereby,, reserved and excepted from the
operations of this act, except so far as it may be found
accessary to locate the route of saul roiid through
such reserved lands, in which ease the right of way
shall be granted, provided the United States has yet
in possession tho title thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
thirteen, after tho word '' law'' to insert'' who
shall make entries after the passage of this act,
upon the sections numbered by even numbers,
and ;" so that the proviso will read :
And provided a/so, That settlers under the provis-
ions ot tho homestead law who shall make entries
alter tho passage of this aet, upon the sections num-
bered by even numbers, and who comply with tho
terms and requirements of said aet shall bo entitled
to patents for an amount not exceeding eighty acres
each, anything in this act to tho contrary notwith-
standing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, lino
eleven, after the word "completed" to insert
"and lying conterminous to said completed sec-
tion often milesso that the section will read:
Sue. 4. And be itf hi titer aiacted, Thatthelandshercby
granted shall bo disposed of by said State tor the
purposes aforesaid only, and in manner following,
namely: when the flovernor of snid State shall cer-
tify to tho Secretary of tho Interior that any section
often consecutive miles of said rood is completed
in a good. substantial, and workmanlike manner, as
a first-class railroad, then tho Secretary of the Inte-
lior shall issue to tho State patents for all the lands,
ill nlleniute sections, or parts of sections, designated
by odd numbers, situated within twenty miles of tho
road soeomplotedaml !y mg eon term inous to said com-
pleted section ot ten miles, and not exceeding ono
hundred sections, for the benefit of IhCVotid having
completed the ten consecutive miles as aforesaid, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
seventh section of the bill, ill tho following
words:
Sec. 7. A ndhi- it furtherennetcd, Thattho time fixed
and limited for the completion of the railroad from
La Crescent, via Target Lake, up tho valley of Koot
river, to a point of junction with (the now) ^Vinona
and Saint Peter railroad, oast of range seventeen,
said railroad being one named in the net of Congress
iippioved -March 3, A. 1). 18f>7, entitled "An act mak-
ing a grant ot land to the Territory of Minnesota, in
alternate sections, fo aid in the construction ot cer-
tain railroads in said Territory, and granting public
lauds in alternate sections to the Slate of Alabama
to aid in the construction of a certain railroad in said
■State," be, and the same is hereby, extended to a
pel iod of live years from and after tho expiration of
said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
inserting in the twenty-ninth lino of the first
section after the word "road" the following:
And provided fitrlhrr, That no land shall bo granted
or transferred by the piovisions of this act not in-
eluiled within the jurisdiction of the State of Mm-
nebula.
I suppose there will be no objection to that.
Mr. NORTON. No, sir, there is no objec-
tion to that amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection in
the world to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa, but I think it is unneces-
sary. I shall vote for it if he thinks it impor-
tant; but when I had a connection with the
General Land Office the decision was that it
was not the intention of Congress to grant to
one State lands lying within another jiuisdic-
tion, and therefore the woids should bo so con-
strued as to limit the grant to the State lino.
I am not aware that the Land Offiffe has de-
parted from that construction since. If it has,
of course the amendment is a very proper one.
Mr. NORTON. That is the construction
that has been applied to one road—the road
from St. Paul to Lake Superior, that they are
not permitted to go out of the State.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands supposed that it was entirely unne-
cessary to insert such a provision as this ; but
if it be necessary 1 have no objection to the
amendment.
