1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
378^
A bill (H. R. No. 739) for the relief of Sa-
mantha Rader;
A bill (IT. R. No. 741) granting a pension to
Jonathan W. Beach; and
A bill (H. R. No. 742) for the relief of the
minor children of Salvador Accardi, deceased.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message farther announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 4-50; to extend the bene-
fits of*section four of an act making appro-
priations for the Rapport of the Army for the
year ending J une 30, 1860, approved March
3, 1805;
A bill (H. R. No. 513) to reduce internal
taxation and to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt.,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1804, and acts amendatory thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. fill) to provide for mak-
ing the town of Whitehall, isew York, a port
of delivery; and
A bill (EL li. No. 720) to extend to certain
persons the privilege of admission in certain
eases to the United States Government Asy-
lum for the Insane.
RECORD OF A COURT OF INQUIRY.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to furnish to the Senate the record of
the court of inquiry upon the murder of twenty-three
United States soldiers at Kiosfnn, North Carolina,
in 1864, by the rebel Generals Hoke and Pickett, under
the alleged charge ol beins deserters from the rebel
army, together "with the proceedings of the said court
ofinauiry, and the action, if any, taken thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the reasons for that resolution. I do not know
what necessity there is for it. To copy the
record will create a great deal of writing; it is
a large record, 1 suppose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to considering the
resolution now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule.
WHITE BLUFFS AND HELENA ROAD.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 332.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 332) to provide for the construction of a
wagon road from White Bluffs, in Washington
Territory, to Helena, in Montana Territory,
was considered by the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia had reported an amendment, which was
after the word ''dollars," in line three of section
two, to insert the words "or so much thereof
as may be necessary."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now call f®r the reading
of the bill as amended.
The Secret,ar}' read as follows:
Bp it. emu-ted, if:o„ That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered
to survev, locate, and construct a wagon road from
White Bluffs, in Washington Territory, via Pend
Oroillc lake, to Helena, in Montana Territory.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to carry out the provisions
of the foregoing section, the sum of $100,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. POMEROY. What committee reports
this bill?
Mr. NESMITH. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. , ,
Mr. POMEROY. Then I suppose it is a
military road; but the bill does not say so. It
savs "a wagon road."
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire if this has been
estimated for by the War Department, or any
recommendation made for such an appropria-
tUjrr. NESMITH. I will state that there has
been no estimate from the War Department.
This is simply a bill providing for the construc-
tion of a wagon road to connect the waters of
the Missouri and the Columbia, four hundred
and eighty miles across. The country is open-
ing up now, and is of great mineral importance.
This road is important in a military point of
view. It is the nearest and most direct route
connecting the waters of those two great rivers,
the Missouri and the Columbia. Pend Oreille
lake, which forms a portion of the line of com-
munication by this route, has a navigation of
sixty-five miles. This route is regarded by all
military men in that country as of the greatest
importance, and it is intended particularly to
open up the commerce of that vast region. It
is substantially such a bill as was passed last
year opening up a road from Virginia City to
Lewiston.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any written
report accompanying the bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope, then, it will be
postponed until we can have a regular report
on it. Has there been any survey of the route?
Mr. NESMITH. There has been no survey
of it by the Government for a wagon road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the case is this:
we have a general bill presented appropriating
$100;000for the purpose of hunting up and
discovering a route in the first place ; with no
estimate of what it will cost; no knowledge on
the subject; no report as to the focts. I object
entirely to this mode of legislation, and I wish
to warn the Senate against it. We ought to
proceed more understandingly with reference
to these things. This idea of making a loose
appropriation to satisfy everybody that asks for
one, upon a mere statement of some member
of a committee as to the facts, without any
estimates and without any survey, is, to my
mind, very unwise and very dangerous.
I do not know but that I might be in favor
of an appropriation for this purpose if we had
the proper information. I cannot tell what I
should do on that point until I know some-
thing about the facts; but, sir, we have got
into a habit, which is a very recent one here,
of recommending these things loosely. They
are brought in by a committee, with no report
on the subject, no preliminary information,
appropriating large sums of money to begin a
thing, when we do not know what it is to cost
in the end, and we act upon it because some
member of the committee says that, on the
whole, he thinks it is best. It is a very loose
mode of legislation, and I object to it. _ I think
the bill ought to lie over until the subject has
been properly reported upon by a committee.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, I will state
that there has been no survey made of this route
for a wagon road, but it is substantially the
route which was surveyed by Governor Stevens
in 1853 for a railroad route. The country is
well known, and the War Department has all
the information in relation to it. On the east-
ern side there is navigation to Fort Benton, and
a very great commerce is carried on between
that and the rivers on the other side of the
mountains. There are four hundred and eighty
miles of intervening country through which
there is no regular road. It is a very rich
mining country. The people on the Pacific
side are using every means to send supplies
there, but they arc unaided by the Govern-
ment ; the matter is dependent entirely on pri-
vate enterprise. There are now steamers on
the upper Columbia and on the Pend Oreille
lake, which embraces some sixty-five miles of
this distance of four hundred and eighty. Of
course there has been no appropriation made
providing for a survey with reference to this
particular wagon route, but there was an appro-
priation made for a survey of a railroad route,
and this route was surveyed for that purpose
by Governor Stevens. The reports on file show
the feasibility of the construction of such a
road. I think the commercial and mining^ in-
terests of that country are such that the Gov-
ernment should do something to facilitate its
means of transportation for the miners who are
now so rapidly developing it. It cannot all be
left to private enterprise. It is pretty hard for
men to engage in the production of the precious
metals in a country so remote as that, with so
many obstacles to overcome, entirely unaided.
I know that the objection which the Sen-
ator from Maine makes is the same that he
has made to almost every appropriation for
the development of the eountry on that side.
No matter whether an appropriation is asked
for a mint or a. custom-house or a railroad
or a wagon road or anything else, the same
objection is constantly and continually made.
I think the people of that country who open
up its resources are entitled to some consider-
ation. There are now within the boundaries
of the country through which this road is pro-
posed to pass fifty to sixty thousand people
engaged in mining, and I think that the supe-
rior advantage those people would derive from
this road for the transportation of the neces-
sary supplies and the development of that coun-
try would in one year more than compensate
the Government for its outlay. I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will consent to appropriate so
small a sum as is proposed for so great and
beneficial an object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This talk about objec-
tion being made to every appropriation that is
proposed for that section of country is very
rash. Examination will show that since that
region has been a part of the United States
there is no section of the country to which
so much money has been appropriated. My
friend from Maryland [Mr. JonNSon] suggests
to me that it has received more than all other
sections combined. I do not go so far as that;
but there is not a section of the country that
compares with the Pacific coast in the amount
of appropriations which have been made for
the accommodation of travel and for all other
matters connected with the country. Any
charge, therefore, with relation to that mat-
ter, is most unjust to Congress.
Now, sir, what is it that I ask in reference to
this bill ? I do not say that I shall be opposed
to it if the necessity for the appropriation is
shown; but what I contend for is that this
loose method of legislation is most unwise and
most dangerous. Let us have the statistics.
It is not enough for a Senator from that sec-
tion of the country, however high he may stand
and whatever credit we may give to his state-
ments, to get up here, and for us, on his sin-
gle statement of what he thinks with reference
to such a matter, to pass a bill appropriating
$100,000 to begin a work the final cost of which
we do not know. What I want is that there
shall be a rijport on the subject from a commit-
tee, that we may rely upon a report made after
a thorough investigation of the question. In
the first place, is this a military road?_ The
Senator does not pretend that it is a military
road, properly so called. It is not called a
military road; it is called a wagon road ; and
yet the Committee on Military Affairs, of which
the honorable Senator from Oregon is a mem-
ber, and an influential member, reports the
bill. With the vast amount of business that
committee has in regard to military affairs, it
must be, perhaps, a little difficult to suppose
that they can investigate all questions of this
kind which do not properly belong to them.
Then we have no report, we have no recom-
mendation from the Department on the sub-
ject ; we have no pointing out of the_ route;
we have no survey; we have no statistics; we
have no calculations upon which to proceed.
We are called upon to begin a work of this
kind on the mere statement of a Senator, com-
ing from a committee. Now, sir. whatever
credibility I give to that—and I give to the
Senator from Oregon all that I would to any
other member of the Senate, and I repose con-
fidence in all his statements—this kind of legis-
lation is loose and dangerous, and ought not to
be indulged in by the Senate. It is a new prac-
tice which has grown up, I am sorry to say,
within a very few years, and it does Congress
no credit whatever. We ought to know more
about these things before we commence works
