1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2825
particularly on the other side, to which the
soldier lias always looked for justice and favor,
who desire to be heard at length in favor of
the bill; but as I and all the committee re-
porting the bill are willing to forego any dis-
cussion of the subject, and desire to make no
speeches whatever, but . to put the bill on its
passage, I trust there will be general consent
on both sides to that treatment. If gentlemen
have prepared speeches on this subject, I sug-
gest those speeches be yet made on some Sat-
urday afternoon,-as they will, I have no doubt,
have influence on the minds of Senators when
the bill goes to that body.
The substitute was read, as follows :
That instead of any grant of land or other bounty,
tliere shall be allowed and paid to each and every
soldier, sailor, and marine who faith^lly served as
such in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps of theUni-
ted States, and who has been, or who may hereafter
be, honorably discharged from such service, the sum
of eight and one third dollars per month, or at the
rate of $100 per year, as hereinafter provided, for all
the time during which such soldier, sailor, or marine
actually so served, between the 12tli day of April,
1861, and the 19th day of April, 1865. And inthccase
of any such soldier, sailor, or marine, discharged from
the service on account of wounds received in battle,
or while engaged in the line of his duty, the said
allowance of bounty shall be computed and paid-up
to the end of the term of service for which his enlist-
ment was made. And in case of the death of any
such soldier, sailor, or marine, while in the service,
orin caseof his death after dischargo and before the
end of his term of enlistment, if discharged on account
of being wounded, as before provided, the allowance
and payment shall be made to his widow, if she has
not been remarried, or if there be no widow, then to
the minor child or children of the deceased who may
be under sixteen years of age.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. That in computing
and ascertaining the bounty to be paid to any_ sol-
dier, sailor, or marine, or his proper representatives,
under the provisions of this act, there shall be
deducted therefrom any and all bounties already paid,
or payable under existing laws, by the United States,
or by any State, county, city, town, or other muni-
cipal organization, or by any voluntary association, so
that in no case shall the aggregate amount of bounty
allowed and paid from all sources exceed eight and
one third dollars for each month of actual faithful
service, or at the rate of $100 per year. And in the
ca.v.; of any sailor or marine to whom prize money
has been paid, or is payable, the amount of such pri7e
money shall also be deducted, and only such amount
of bounty paid as shall, together with such prize
money and any other bounty paid or payable by the
United States, or by any State, county, city, town, or
other municipal organisation, or by any voluntary
association, amount in the aggregate to the sum
allowed by this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no bounty,
under the provisions of this act, shall be paid to or
on account of any soldier, sailor, or marine who
served as a substitute in either the Army or Navy, or
who was a captured prisoner of war at the time of
his enlistment, norto anyone whowas discharged un
his own application or request, unless such dischargo
wasobtainedwithaviewtoreenlistment, orto accept
promotion in the military or naval service of the
United Stales, or to be transferred from ono branch
of tho military service to another, and who did actu-
ally enlist or accept promotion orwasso transferred.
And no bounty shall be paid tonny soldier, sailor, or
marine, discharged on the application or at the re-
quest of parents, guardians, or other persons, or on
the ground of minority. , .
Sec. i. Andbe it further enacted, That every petition
or application for bounty made under the provisions
of this act shall disclose and state specifically under
oath, and under the pains and penalties of perjury,
what amount of bounty, either from the United
States or from any other source, and what amount
of prize money, if any, has been paid or is payable
to the soldier, sailor, or marine, by whom orby whose
representatives the claim is made.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That whenever
application shall be made by any claimant, through
any attorney or agent, the post office address of the
claimant shall be furnished, giving the name of the
county and State in which it is situated, and the
amount of commission or fee which th c attorney or
agent is to receive for his service in the settlement
of the claim, which charges in no case shall exceed
the sum of Ave dollars; and every such application
shall be accompanied by the written affidavit of the
attorney or agent, that he has not charged, nor agreed
for. and will not accept, more than such sum of five
dollars for his services in tho case. The Paymaster
General,or proper accounting officerof theTreasury,
upon ascertaining the amount due, shall cause to be
transmitted to such claimant the full amountthereof,
less thefee to bo paid to the attorney or agent, which
fee shall be paid to tho attorney or agent ill person,
or transmitted to such address as the attorney may
direct.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That any attorney
01' agent who shall rceeivc from any claimant a sum
greater than five dollars for tho prosecution of any
claim under the provisions of this act. upon convic-
tion thereof shall pay a fine not to exceed the sum
of $1,000, or imprisonment for a term not less than
one year, or both, as the court or jury may adjudge,
and shall be forever thereafter excluded from prose-
outing claims of any nature whatever against the
Government of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That in case the
payments shall be made in the form of a cheek, or-
der, or draft upon _apy paymaster, national bank, or
Go vern m en t deposi Lory in ornearthodistrictwherein
the claimant may reside, it shall be neccssary for the
claimant to establish by the affidavits of two credible
witnesses that he is the identical person named
therein; but in no ease shall such checks, orders, or
drafts be made negotiable until after such identifica-
tion.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for any soldier, sailor, or marine to trans-
fer, assign, barter, or sell his discharge, final state-
ment, descriptive list, or other papers, for the pur-
pose of transferring, assigning, bartering, or selling
any interest in any bounty under the provisions of
this act; and all such transfers, assignments, barteis,
or sales heretofore made are hereby declared null
and void as to any rights intended so to be conveyed
by any such soldier, sailor, or marine.
Sr.c. 9. And be it further enacted, That no adjust-
ment or payment of any claim of any soldier, sailor,
or marine, or of his proper representatives, under tho
provisions of this act, shall be made unless the appli-
cation be filed within two years from the passage of
the act; and the settlement of accounts of deceased
soldiers, sailors, and marines shall be made in the
same manner as now provided by law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the following
amendment; page 3, line sis, after the word
"request," insert "prior to the 9th day of
April, 1865." If members will look at the
printed substitute they will find we exclude
from bounty those who were discharged on
their own application or request. The com-
mittee, %on reconsideration, thought it ought to
apply only to those who did not wait until the
war was over. It will relieve from exclusion
those who did not make the request to be dis-
charged from tho Army until after Lee's sur-
render.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would like
to offer the following amendment: strike out
from the sixth line of section two all after the
word "States" down to the word "associa-
tion" in the seventh line. In the ninth line
strike out the word " all" and insert " such."
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman to let me
move an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. In the first place amend-
ment is not in order under the rules, as there
is an amendment pending to an amendment;
and in the second place the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, with great unanimity and cordial-
ity, "agreed to report and have it acted on as it
now stands. I demand the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
81, noes 24.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WARD. Is there to be no means of
discussing a bill which involves an expenditure
of $200,000,000?
The SPEAKER. Not when the previous
question is seconded.
The amendment of the committee to the
substitute was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. If the substitute be voted
down, then the vote will come up on the ori-
ginal bill.
On motion of Mr. Stevexs, the original bill
was read in cxteuso.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
substitute for the original bill.
Mr. WARD. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to permit me to
have an amendment reported which I desire
to oifcr.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no power over this
subject; it is with the House; but I am per-
fectly willing the gentleman shall have his
amendment read, if that is the point he desires.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, is this
offering of amendments going to be allowed
generally?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It can only be
amended, after the third reading, by a motion
to recommit with instructions.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire whether
the previous question is still operating.
The SPEAKER. It is; and no debate is
in order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate, unless
it can be made general.
Mr. BLAINE. I object also.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the substitute.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and therewere—ayes
93, noes 36.
Mr. ROGERS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. They have already been
refused.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Wilson, of Iowa, and Schestok.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 84, noes 33.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed ;
and being engrossed, it was ordered to be reaa
a third time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the previous
question has exhausted itself on the third
reading. I now demand it on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. WARD. Is it in order now to move to
recommit with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It will be if the previous
question is not seconded.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the chairman of the
committee will state the operation of this bill
as compared with the original bill.
Mr. THAYER. I object to discussion.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
who reported the bill, has a right to occupy
one hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the House will second
the previous question I will go on and explain
it. First, let us have the previous question
seconded.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
75, noes 34—and the main question ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose very briefly, as
many gentlemen request it, to state the differ-
ences between the substitute and the original
bill. First, as to the original bill I shall say
nothing, because it has been printed and on
the tables of gentlemen for some time past.
The first change made in the bill is in the
first section, at the close, where in limiting the
direction to be given to this bounty to minor
children, there is added the further clause that
it shall be given only to those who are under
sixteen years of age. The idea of the com-
mittee was that in this country when children
arrive at the age of sixteen they are able to
obtain some kind of employment sufficient at
least to sustain themselves. It is in conform-
ity with the pension law, limiting the exten-
sion of the bounty to those minors only who
are under sixteen years of age. It saves many
millions of dollars, though that was not the
exclusive object.
In the second section the committee con-
cluded, in their revision, to insert a provision
that there should be taken into the computa-
tion, in order to determine whether a man had
a sufficient bounty, whatever he had received
from local authorities or from local voluntary
associations got up by subscription for the pur-
pose of relieving from the draft by putting men
in the Army. This some gentlemen have se-
riously objected to. The reasons which pre-
vailed with the committee were these: in the
first place, there is a fairness about it. A man
conies forward and asks to be put, as far a3
possible, upon the same footing as others—that
is, to get under the provisions of this bill §300
at least for his services in the Army, in addi-
tion to his pay and other allowances. The
Government which he approaches in this way
says to him, through its officials, •' How much
have you received from various sources?" If
he has already received over $300, which is
what we propose to give, it is not a case of
peculiar hardship. In dispensing this bounty
we should not add anything to the sum already
paid where a man has received $300. All we
promise is to make up the bounty to $300.
Now, that will fall not hardly on those who
entered the Army late in the war and got all
the local bounties, for it so happens that those
who got the local bounties got also the bounty
from" the Government and are outside of the
provisions of this bill. The truth is that the
bill only applies to and affords help to those
