1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
course of the sun, controlled by nature? And
in their now abode have they not been taught
to know tho difference of the season5?, to plow
and plant and reap, to drive oxen, to tamo the
horse, to exchange their meanly dialect for the j
richest of all the languages among men, and i
the stupid adoration of follies for the purest j
religion? And since slavery is good for the j
blacks, it is good for their masters, bringing
opulence, and the opportunity of educating a
race. The slavery of the black is good in it-
self; he shad serve the white man forever.1'
And nature, which better understood the qual-
ity of fkvting intercut and passion, laughed, as
it caught rhe echo, "mmf' and forever!''
pc wrky at homi:.
A regular development of pretensions fol-
lowed the new decollation with logical consist- I
ency. Under tho old declaration every one of
the States had retained, each for itself, the right
of manumitting all slaves by an ordinary act
of legislation : now, the power of the people
over servitude through their Legislatures was
curtailed, and the privileged class was swift, in
imposing legnl and constitutional obstructions
on the people themselves. The power of eman-
cipation was narrowed or taken away. The
slave might not be disquieted by education.
Tliere remained an unconfesscd consciousness
that the system of bondage was wrong, and a
restless memory that it was ac variance with the
true American tiadmon; iN ralcty wis there-
fore to be secured bv political organization.
The generation that made the Constitution look
care for the predominance of freedom in Con-
gress, bv the Ordinance of Jefferson ; the new
school aspired to secure for slavery an equality
of votes in the Senate; and while it hinted at
an organic act that should concede to the col-
lective South a veto power on national legisla-
tion, it assumed that each State separately had
the riccht to re\and nullify laws oi the United
States, according to the discretion ol its judg-
ment.
px, verr.y and ronncn' kft, vtions.
The new theory hung as a bias on the foreign
relation^ of the country : there could he no rec-
ognition of Idayti. nor even of the American
colonv of Liberia; and the world wa°- given to
understand that the establishment of free labor
in Cuba would he a reason for wresting that
island from Spain. Territories were annexed
— Louisiana. -Florida, Texas, hall ot Alexieoy
slavery mm-t have its share in them ad, and it
accepted for a time a dividing line between the
unquestioned domain ol tree labor and that, in
which involnmarv labor \v,\< to be tolerated.
A few year^ passed away, and tho new school,
stronofand arrogant, demanded and received
an apology foe applying the <Jeherson proviso
to Oregon.
sqcatt::r sovereignty.
The application of that proviso was inter-
rupted for three Administration^ : but justice
moved steadily onward. In the news that the
men of CaLionua had chosen ireedom, vjaihoun
heard the knell ot pailin^ >layery; mid no his
dcaxii bed he (.ouv^eiM ^eco-snm. a-dtimr<on
and J effor--on ft ad "Mad^<~m had died di^pair
inir of tin- abvdhio
Madden haddit-d d \^j
C.dllOuLl died
in despair at the gro\rth of I'ierd^m. ih; > jv-
teni rushed irrev>tdd\ to ub natural develop-
ment. The death-simple for Caliiornia w;t^
followed by a sh<ut truce; bat the new >ehool
of politicians who said that slavey ^vns not
evil, bul good, soon sought to recover tus
ground thev had lost. and enndejt o^ securing
Kansas. thev demand ed t nat I he 1 ?rabiiMied line
in the Terrboi'ie-5 between fre< doru and slavery
shonhl l)f* blotted out. he country, oohevirjg
in the .itrenuth and enterprise and (expansive
energy of ff'-edom. made answer, chou'ih Re-
luctantly, •• Be it so: 1r't there, be no strife :
between bre^o-en: let freedom and slavery
compete for the lej-ruorms on equal term-;, in
a fair field under un impartial administration;
and on 'his theory, if on any. the content miglit-
have been lefr to the dce-sion ot ume.
nnro seeTV lme^'im;.
The South started back in uppallment from
39th Coxa. 1st Ss,3o. -No. 51.
its victory; for it knew that a fair competition [
foreboded its defeat. But where cotdd it now J
lind an ally to save it from its own mistake? I
What 1 have next to say is spoken with no cmo- i
tion but regret. Our meeting to-dny is. as it !
were, at the grave, in the presence of Eternity, I
and the truth must be uttered in soberness and j
sincerity. Jn a great, republic, as was observed ,
more than two thousand year? ago. any attempt
to overturn the State owes its strength to aid
from some branch of the Government. The
Chief Justice of the United Slates, without any
necessity or occasion, volunteered to come to
the rescue of the theory of slavery. And from
his court there lav no appeal but to the bar of
humanity and hisiory, Against the Constitu-
tion. against the memory of the nation, again-,!
a previous decision, against a series of enact-
ments. he decided that the slave is property,
that sla\ e pi operty is entitled to no less protec-
tion than any other property, that the Consti-
tution upholds it in every Territory against any
act of a local Legislature, and even aeamst
Congress itself; or, astbe President of the tinm
tersely promulgated the savincr, 'k Kansas is as
much a slave State as South Carolina or Geor-
gia; slavery, by virtue of the Constitution, ex-
ists in every Territory.'? The municipal charac-
ter of slavery being thus taken away, and slave
properly decreed to lie ''sacred,'" the author-
ity of tiie courts was invoked to introduce it
by the comity of law into States where, slavery
had been abolished; and in one of the courts
of the United States a judge pronounced the
African slave trade legitimate, and numerous
and powerful advocates demanded its restora-
tion.
TANEY AND SLAVE HACKS.
Moreover, the <?hief dust ice. in his elaborate
opinion, announced what had never been heard
from any magistrate of Greece or Honu—what
was unknown to civil law and canon law and
feudal law and common law and constitutional
law; unknown to .lay, to llutlcdge, Lllswoith,
and Mar-hall—that ihetc arc 'Slave taccs."
Tin1 spirit oi' evil is intensely logical. I Living
the authority of tlds decision, live StaU s swii ilv
followed the earlier example of a sixth, and
opened the way foi ieducing tiie free negro to
bondage: the migiating free negro became u
slave if he but entered the jurisdiction of a
seventh , ami an eighth, from its extent and sod
andmmeral resource.--, doUned to incalculable
greatne-5 elo--ed its eyes on its; coming pros-
perity. and enacted-—as by Taney s decision ii
had the ri^ht to do—that every free black man
who would live v.ithin iis iimi's mu-.t accept
the condition of slavery for himself and hh*
posterity.
suerssTox ui:soLVi,i> ox.
Only one step more remained to be taken.
JciTetvon and the leading statesmen ot !n^ day
held fa.-t to the idea that the endawanenf of i lie
African was socially, morally, and politically
wrong. The new school was founded exactly
upon the opposite idea: and they resolved fli-i
to distract the Democratic parly, for which the
Supreme Court had now fund, bed the mean",
and then to cstab'ish a new iro' >'nen< nt^wiih
negro i-laverv for its comer-,-lone, associai'o.
morally, and political!) li^ht.
the ma'ftinx.
As the presidential ehetion drew on. one o!
the old traditional paities did pot make ns ap-
pearance; the other relied as n sought o> pre-
serve its old position; ami. the cauciiuare v ho
mof-t ne
i on. on\vii
,y fioiii end
oast to con-
ope Ui.it it
him. Tho
yrcpresenU dn- bes~ opn
by patriotic zeal, roaim d the ei'iir
to end to sp<'ak for iii'dou. eag: r<u ;
front I'M enemies. vi'l iv-l ha.log h
would )!ud it.-' fiot;\< rir.ire Ii
y<> ' lu i.wliiilv. inJ.: ,-hciU'l ailny iU
wrath? The mn.-i i.tt'U.-iiieruif flu-
country liad : i - ■! : 'Invo 1 ^ n'!;; ;'
tho-c wliu ' .'- .n'tur t!r* fl':-Ii; c-iimi!
relief coioe !")'•.tn one v.-iiese T/ituern vas like
tl;e Ta.-.vlo;;', oflitilo ch'.hli",n
j:\r-i.i 1 rrr, " .o.m.x.
The tnoiee of Am-?!lei:f' li >>".i a n;en bnrn
west of the Alieglum.es, iu the efhiii of poor
people of Hardin county, Kentucky—Abraham
Lincoln.
His mother could read but not write; Ins
father could do neither; but his parents sent
Lira, with an old spelling-hook, to school, and
lie learned in Ins childhood to do both.
\\ hen eight years old he float,ed down the
Ohio with his father on a raft which bore the
family and all their possessions to the shore of
Indiana; and, child as lie was, he gave help as
tliey toiled through dense forests to the interior
of Spencer county. There, in the land of free
labor, he grew un in a lo^ cabin, with the sol-
emn solitude for his teacher in his meditative
hours. OfAnatie literature he knew only the
Bible-; of ('reck, Latin, and media;val, no more
than the transla! ;ou ot' yLsep's ] Ybies ; of Eng-
lish, John llunyan's Pilgrim's Progress. The
traditions of George Fox and William Penn
passed to him dimly along the lines of two cen-
turies through his ancestors, who were Quakers.
HIS EDUCATION.
Otherwise his education was altogether Amer-
ican. The Declaration of Independence was
his compendium of political wisdom, the Life
of Washington his constant study, and some-
thing of .'etl'erson and Madison reached him
through Henry Clay, whom he honored from
bovhood. For the rest, from day to day, he
lived the life of the American people; walked
in it* light; reasoned with its reason; thought
with its power of thought; fell the beatings of
its linehty heart: ami so was in every way a
child of nature—a child of the West—a child
ol' America.
nis rr.ooKESS ix life.
At nineteen, feeling impulses of ambition to
;;et. 011 111 the world, he engaged himself to go
down tho Mississippi in a lint-boat, receiving
ten dollars a month for his wages, and after-
ward he made the trip once more. At twenty-
one he. drove his father's cattle as the family
migrated to Illinois, and split rails to fence in
the new'homestead in the wild. At. twenty-
three be wa.N a captain of volunteers in the
J Slack lla\\ k war. fie kept a shop ; "lie learned
something of surveyii.g; but of English liter-
ature be added to LSunyan nothing but Shuk-
speare's p!a\s. Ait twenty-five he wasideeted
to the Legislatuie of Illinois, v/here ho served
eicdit veaio. At twenty seven he was admitted
to the"bar. hi he ebosehishomeat Spring-
Held. tho beautiful center of the richest land
in the State. In lt>47 he was a member of tho
national Congress, where he voted about forty
tnni'S in favor <d' the piiuciploof the ,Idler,son
previ;o. In 1!-1 he ga\e his inllneuceto elect
from Illinois lo the American Senate a Demo-
eiat who would certainlv do ja.-tiee to Kansas.
In It-eV. the lival of Donglas, he went be-
fore the people of the mighty Praiiie State
raying, "This Union cannot permanently en-
dure, half slave and half free: the Union will
not be dissolved, but the house will cease to be
dividedand now. in I Slit, with no experience
whatever as an executive ofiieer. while Stales
were madly Hying from their orbit, and wise
men knew not where to find eoen.^el. if:- de-
scendant of Quakers. thU pupil of lUiiauu,
tins child of the peal West, wa,selected Pre.ii-
der,' ( f America.
lie nieasmed the difficulty of the de.ty that
devol'ved on him, and was rc.-olved to luiful it.
m: ess - re v \ - v.:xo; <.s.
As on the 11th of IVoruaiy, be left
Si■nngiield, which lor a tpiaitcr of a ecmury
had been h:s happy homo, to the crowd ot
iriondsar.d neighoor^whom be was ne\evn,oro
to meet, hospekea solemn farewell: "Iknow
not how soon I shall seo you a^ain. di-iy
h*i> devolved upon me ^reat*.jv than that vd 'eh
has devolved upon any otimr ma.i since Y. a-h-
inaton. LLo ne\ er would hnvo saccei ded ey.«. f pt
tor the aid of divine Providence, upon whieh he
at all times loncd. On the name Alireyhty
■ l>ein^ 1 place my relian^:'. Pray that I may
! receive that d^dnc a-sistaiK e. without which 5
I cannot sueeeMl. but v.i.h Lien success i.-^r-cr-
i Taui." 1 e, the men of Indian'., he sr.id, '•
j but an aeeidenta!, tuiuporary instrument; it IS
