1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all
sea-goingvessels carrying passengers, and those
navigating any of the northern and northwest-
ern lakes, shall have the life-boats required by
law, provided with suitable boat-disengaging
apparatus, so arranged as to allow such boats
to be safely launched with their complements
of passengers while such vessels are under
speed or otherwise, and so as to allow such dis-
engaging apparatus to be operated by one per-
son disengaging both ends of the boat simulta-
neously from the tackles by which it may be
lowered to the water.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
provision for a foremast-head light for steam-
ships, in an act entitled "An act fixing certain
rules and regulations for preventing collisions
on the water," approved the twenty-ninth day
of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall
not be construed to apply to other than ocean-
going steamers and steamers carrying sail.
Kiver steamers navigating waters flowing into
the Gulf of Mexico shall carry the following
lights, viz: one red light on the outboard side
of the port smoke-pipe, and one green light
on the outboard side of the starboard smoke-
pipe; these lights to show both forward and
aft, and also abeam on their respective sides.
All coasting steamers, and those navigating
bays, lakes, or other inland waters, other than
ferry-boats, and those above provided for, shall
carry the red and green lights, as prescribed for
ocean-going steamers; and, in addition thereto,
a central range of two white lights; the after
li^ht being carried at an elevation of at least
fiiteen feet above the light at the head of the
vessel; the head light to be so constructed as
to show a good light through twenty points of
the compass, namely, from right ahead to two
points abaft the beam on either side of the
vessel; and the after light to show all around
the horizon.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
annual compensation paid to local inspectors of
steamboats shall be hereafter as follows, to wit:
For the district of Portland, in Maine, three
hundred dollars ; for the district of Boston and
Charlestown, in Massachusetts, one thousand
dollars; for the district of New London, in Con-
necticut, five hundred dollars; for the district
of New York, two at two thousand dollars each,
two at fifteen hundred dollars each, and one
additional inspector of boilers at fifteen hun-
dred dollars; for the district of Philadelphia,
in Pennsylvania, thirteen hundred dollars; for
the district of Baltimore, in Maryland, twelve
hundred dollars; for the district of Norfolk, in
Virginia, three hundred dollisrs; for the district
of Charleston, in South Carolina, five hundred
dollars; for the district of Savannah, in Geor-
gia, four hundred dollars; for the district of
Mobile, in Alabama, one thousand dollars; for
the district of New Orleans, or in which New
Orleans is the port of entry, Louisiana, two
thousand dollars ; for the district of Galveston,
in Texas, four hundred dollars ; for the district
of St. Louis, in Missouri, sixteen hundred dol-
lars ; for the district of Nashville, in Tennessee,
four hundred dollars; for the district of Louis-
ville, in Kentucky, twelve hundred dollars ; for
the district of Cincinnati, in Ohio, sixteen hun-
dred dollars; for the district of Wheeling, West
Virginia, fi ve hundred dollars; for the district of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, sixteen hundred dol-
lars ; for the district of Chicago Illinois, eight
hundred dollars ; for the district of Detroit,
Michigan, one thousand dollars; for the dis-
trict of Cleveland, Ohio, six hundred dollars ;
for the district of Buffalo, New York, twelve
hundred dollars; for the district of Oswego,
or of which Oswego is the port of entry. New
York, three hundred dollars; for the district
of Vermont, of which Burlington is the port of
entry, three hundred dollars ; for the district of
San Francisco, California, fifteen hundred dol-
lars; for the district of Memphis, Tennessee,
nine hundred dollars; for the district of Galena,
Illinois, one thousand dollars; for the district
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 25.
39th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
of Portland, Oregon, seven hundred dollars;
to the supervising inspector of the Pacific coast,
two thousand five hundred dollars; to other
supervising inspectors, two thousand dollars
each.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be appointed, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, one clerk
each in the local offices at New York and New
Orleans, and the annual Compensation allowed
to these clerks shall be seven hundred and fifty
dollars each.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury may procure, for
the supervising and local inspectors of steam-
boats, such stationery, printing, instruments,
and other things necessary for the use of their
respective offices, as may (be required therefor;
and shall make such rules and regulations as
may be necessary to secure the proper execu-
tion of the steamboat acts ; and may from time
to time cause special examinations to be made
into the administration of the inspection laws.
SEe. 15. And be it further enacted, That
supervising, and local, and assistant inspectors
of steamboats shall execute proper bonds, in
such form and upon such conditions as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, aud sub-
ject to his approval, conditioned for the faith-
ful performance of the duties of their respective
offices, and the payment, in the manner pro-
vided by law, of all moneys that may be received
by them.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, July 25, 1806.
Chap. CCXXXV.—AnAct increasing the Pen-
sions of Widows and Orphans, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
pension laws are hereby extended to and made
to include provost marshals, deputy provost
marshals, and enrolling officers, who have been
killed or wounded in the discharge of their du-
ties : and for the purpose of determining the
amount of pension to which snch persons and
their dependents shall be entitled, provost mar-
shals shall be ranked as captains, deputy pro-
.vost marshals as first lieutenants, and enrolling
officers as second lieutenants.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
pensions to widows of deceased soldiers and
sailors, having children by such deceased sol-
diers or sailors, be increased at the rate of two
dollars per month for each child of such sol-
dier or sailor under the age of sixteen years.
And in all cases in which there shall be more
than one child of any deceased soldier or sailor
leaving no widow, or where his widow has died
or married again, or where she has been de-
prived of her pension under the provisions of
section eleven of an act entitled "An act sup-
plementary to the several acts relating to pen-
sions,'' approved June sixth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, the pension granted to such chil-
dren under sixteen years of age by existing
laws shall be increased to the same amount per
month that would be allowed under the forego-
ing provisions to the widow if living and enti-
tled to a pension: Provided, That in no ease
shall more than one pension be allowed to the
same person.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of an act entitled ''An act to grant
pensions," approved July fourteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and of the acts supple-
mentary thereto and amendatory thereof, are
hereby, so far as applicable, extended to the
pensions under previous laws, except revolu-
tionary pensioners.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
any person during the pendency of his applica-
tion for an invalid pension, and after the com-
pletion of the proof showing his right thereto,
has died, or shall hereafter die, but not in either
case by reason of a wound received, or disease
contracted in the service of the United States
aiid in lie line of duty, his widow, or if he left
no widow, or in the event of her death or mar-
riage, his relatives in the same order in which
th[e]y would have received a pension, if they
had been thereunto entitled under existing
laws on account of the services and death in
the line of duty of such person, shall have the
right to demand and receive the accrued pen-
sion to which he would have been entitled had
the certificate issued before his death; and in
all cases where sucll person so entitled to an
invalid pension has died, or shall hereafter die,
under circumstances hereinbefore mentioned,
whether by reason of a wound received or dis-
ease contracted in the service of the United
States, and in the line of duty or otherwise,
without leaving a widow or such relatives, then
such accrued pension shall be paid to the ex-
ecutor or administrator of such person in like
manner and effect as if such pension were •«•
much assets belonging to the estate of the
deceased at the time of his death.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
repeal by the act entitled '-'An act supplement-
ary to the several acts relating to pensions,"
approved June six, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, of parts of certain acts mentioned in the
first section of said act, shall not work a for-
feiture of any rights accrued under or granted
by such parts of such acts so repealed : Inst su cli
rights shall bo recognized and allowed in the
same manner and to all intents and purposes '
as if said act had never been passed, except
that the invalid pensioner shall be entitled to
draw from and after the taking effect or' said
act the increased pension thereby granted in
lieu of that granted by such parts of such acts
so repealed.
Sec. 6. Andbe.itfurther enacted, That noth-
ing in the fourth section of anact entitled "An
act supplementary to the several acts relating
to pensions," approved March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, or in any other supple-.-
mentary oramendatoryactrelatingto pensions,
shall be so construed so as to impair the right
of a widow whose claim for a pension was pend-
ing at the date of her remarriage, to the pen-
sion to which she would otherwise be entitled,
had her deceased husband left no minor child
or children under the age of sixteen years.
Approved, July 20, 1866.
Chap. CCXXXVI.—An Act authorizing the
Construction of a Jail in and for the District
of Columbia.
Be it enactedby the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, andlieis hereby, authorized to select
a suitable place on some of the public grounds
belonging to the Government in the city of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, for
and construct thereon, upon such plan as he
may select, a jail of sufficient capacity to pro-
vide for not leas than three hundred prisoners,
with suitable yards, hospitals, and so forth, the
entire cost of which shall not exceed the sum •
of two hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That as
soon as said site, and the plan of a jail shall be
so selected and agreed upon, the said Secretary
of the Interior shall employ an architect and
have prepared a design for said building, and
plans descriptive thereof, with complete speci-
fications of the work required and the materials
to be used, and shall publish notice of a public
letting of the contract for the building of the
same, at least thirty days before the letting, in
the principal newspapers in New York city,
Boston, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Baltimore,
and Washington, which notice shall direct a
place where such specifications can be seen,
and a time at which the contract is to be let;
and the said Secretary shall let said contract
to the lowest responsible bidder, and the con-
