386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
39th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
tractor therefor shall enter into sufficient bond
for the fkithful completion of the said contract
to the approval of the Secretary.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
said Secretary shall pay to the contractor or
contractors installments on the contract price
as the work progresses, to be certified to by
the architect having the direction thereof, but
twenty per centum of the estimates shall be
retained until the completion of the contract.
Sec. 4. Andbeit,further enacted, Thatthere
be, and is hereby, appointed, [appropriated,]
for the purposes aforesaid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of two hundred thousand dollars, to be
drawn on the order of said Secretary of the
Interior.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior be, and is hereby,
authorized to sell at public sale, on proper no-
tice thereof, the materials of the old jail, now
locatcd in Judiciary square, and the proceeds
therCrjf to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of reimbursing the United States
for a part of the cost of said jail, it shall be
the duty of the proper authorities of the city
of Washington, and they are hereby required,
to raise, by tax or otherwise, and pay into the
Treasury of the United States, at or before the
time of the completion of said jail, the sum of
seventy thousand dollars. And it shall be the
like duty of the proper authorities of the city
of Georgetown, and they are hereby required,
to raise, by tax or otherwise, and pay into the
Treasury of the United States, at or before the
completion of said jail, the sum of twenty thou-
sand dollars. And it shall be the like duty of
the proper authorities of the county of Wash-
ington or said District, and they are hereby
required, to raise, by tax or otherwise, and
pay into the Treasury of the United States at
or before the period aforesaid, the sum of ten
thousand dollars, which said several sums shall
be deemed the fair proportion of the cost of
said jail of eacli of said cities and said county
of Washington ; and the said cities and county
authorities, respectively, are hereby authorized
and required to assess and levy upon the tax-
able property of said cities and said county of
Washington a tax sufficient to raise the amount
so_by each city and said county required to be
paid as aforesaid.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That upon
the default of payment of the sums aforesaid
into t.he^ Treasury of the United States at the
time before stated, made by either of said cities
or by said county of Washington, the said Sec-
retary of the Interior shall appoint a collector
for any such delinquent city or county as shall
have failed to make its payments as aforesaid,
and it shall be the duty of said collector to pro-
ceed with the collection of the taxes as assessed,
in such manner and form as shall be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Interior; or if either
of said cities or said county of Washington
shaH neglect, fail, or refuse to assess such tax,
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized and empowered to make such levy and
proceed to its collection as aforesaid.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXXX VII.—An Act to annul the thirty-
fourth Section of the Declaration of Rights of
the State of Maryland, so far as it applies to
the District of Columbia. ,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the thirty-fourth sec-
tion of the Declaration [of] Rights of the State
of Maryland, adepted seventeen hundred and
seventy-six, so far as the same has been recog-
nized and adopted in the District of Columbia,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed and an-
nulled^ and that all sales, gifts, and devises
prohibited by the said section, or by any law
passed in accordance therewith, shall be, when
hereafter made, valid and effectual: Provided,
That, in case of gifts and devises, the same
shall be made at least one calendar month
before the death of the donor or testator.
Approved, July 25,
Chap. CCXXXVIII.—An Act to establish in
the District of Columbia a House of Correc-
tion for Boys.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be estab-
lished in the District of Columbia, on the tract
of land known as the Government farm, a fit
and convenient house of correction, suitably
and efficiently ventilated, with convenientyards,
workshops, and other suitable accommodations
adjoining or appurtenant thereto, for the safe-
keeping, correction, governing, and employing
of offenders legally committed thereto by au-
thority of the courts and magistrates of the
Districtof Columbia: Provided, That the bnild-
ing already erected on that land for the purpose
of establishing a similar institution, together
with all the other property there collected for
the same purpose, shall be transferred to the
trustees appointed according to the provisions
of this act, at a cost not exceeding one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That the
government of said institution shall be vested
in a board of seven trustees, to be appointed
and commissioned by the President of the Uni-
ted States, one of whom shall be nominated
for appointment by the mayor of Washington,
one by the mayor of Georgetown, one by the
levy court of the county of Washington, and
four by the Secretary of the Interior; and no
trustee shall receive compensation for his ser-
vices, but each trustee shall 'be allowed the
amount of expenses necessarily incurred in the
discharge of the duties of his office. The term
of office of the said trustees shall be three years;
but on the first appointm ent of the board of trus-
tees two of the members shall be appointed for
one year, two for two years, and three for three
years, to be determined by the President.
Sec. [3.] And be it further enacted, That the
said board of trustees shall be a corporation,
by the name of the Trustees of the House of
Correction for the District of Columbia, for
the purpose of taking and holding, in trust,
whatever property may be conveyed, devised,
donated, or bequeathed for the benefit of said
institution, with all the power necessary to
carry this purpose into effect.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the said board of trustees
to take charge of the general interests of the
institution; they may appoint a superintend-
ent, a steward, a teacher or teachers, and such
other officers as may be found necessary, and
may be approved by the Secretary of the In-
terior ; they may fix the salaries of said officers,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior; they may prepare such by-laws as
may be necessary to regulate and direct the
management of the institution, which, how-
ever, shall not be valid until approved by the
Secretary of the Interior; and to exercise a
vigilant supervision over the institution, its
officers, and its inmates.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That be-
fore entering upon the duties of his office the
superintendent shall give a bond to the trust-
ees, with sureties to be approved by the board
of trustees and by the Secretary of the Interior,
in the sum of three thousand dollars, condi-
tioned that he shall faithfully account for all
money received by him, and faithfully perform
all the duties incumbent on him as superin-
tendent of said house of correction.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That a
treasurer of the institution shall be appointed
by the board of trustees, subject to the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior, who
shall, before entering upon the duties of his
office, give a bond to the trustees, with sure-
ties to be approved by the board of trustees
and by the Secretary of the Interior, in the
sum of five thousand dollars, conditioned that
he shall faithfully account for all the money
received by him as treasurer; and it shall be
his duty to keep a clear and full record of his
accounts as treasurer, and report an abstract
of the same to the chairman of the board of
trustees once in every two months.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That, as
soon after their appointment as possible, the
board of trustees shall take measures to have
the land and building designated suitably pre-
pared for the use of said house of correction;
and, as soon as the buildings and premises are
prepared for occupancy, the trustees shall give
notice to the proper authorities and courts of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, and
of the county of Washington, that the house
of correction is ready to receive inmates.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, That when
any boy under the age of fourteen years is
found guilty in a court in the District of Co-
lumbia of any crime punishable by imprison-
ment other than imprisonment for life, he shall
be committed to the said house of correction,
and there held in custody of the superintend-
ent for the term of his sentence; and when any
boy over fourteen and under sixteen years of
age shall be found guilty in a court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia of any crime punishable by
imprisonment other than imprisonment for
life, it shall be the duty of the court trying the
case to consider carefully and decide whether
he is or is not a fit subject for the house of
correction, and make its sentence accord with
its decision of this question.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
superintendent shall reside at the institution
constantly, and that he, with such subordinate
officers as may be appointed in accordance
with the fourth section of this act, shall have
the charge and custody of the boys; shall gov-
ern them in accordance with such rules and
regulations as the board of trustees may pre-
scribe in its by-laws; shall employ them in
agricultural, mechanical, or other labor; shall
give them instruction in reading, writing, arith-
metic, geography, and such other studies, and
in such arts and trades as the trustees may di-
rect; and shall employ such methods of dis-
cipline as will, as far as possible, reform their
characters, preserve their health, promote reg-
ular improvement in their s[t]udies, trades,
and employments, and secure in them fixed
habits of religion, morality, and industry.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
superintendent shall have charge of the lands,
buildings, furniture, tools, implements, stock,
provisions, and every other species of property
pertaining to the institution, within the pre-
cincts thereof; and he shall keep, in suitable
books, regular and complete accounts of all
his receipts and expenditures, and of all the
property intrusted to him, so as to show clearly
the income and expenses of the institution;
and he shall account to the treasurer, in such
manner as the trustees may prescribe, for all
the money received by him from the proceeds
of the institution or otherwise; and he shall
keep a register of the names and ages of all
boys committed to the institution, with the
dates of their admission and discharge, and
such particulars of their history before and
after leaving the institution as he can obtain.
His books and all documents relating to the
house of correction, shall at all times be open
to the inspection of the trustees, who shall
once or more in every three months carefully
examine his accounts and the vouchers and
documents connected therewith, and make a
record of the result of such examination.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
all contracts on account of the institution shall
be made by the superintendent, and, when ap-
proved by the trustees, if their by-laws shall
