1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot see any ob-
jection to the amendment. I think it accom-
plishes -what the decisions already accomplish.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am sorry to say that I
learn the decision of my friend has been over-
ruled. No doubt he was right about it. It
seems to me the phraseology of this bill would
extend it into the State of Iowa. So far as we
are concerned in legislating about the_ public
lands we do not know any limits or divisions
of States; and when this bill says that this
road shall begin at a certain section which is
within five miles of the north line of the State
of Iowa, and that the State of Minnesota shall
It&ve alternate sections of land on either side
of that line, for twenty miles in extent, without
the use of any words limiting them, I think the
inference would be tliat they would go just
exactly as far as the jurisdiction of Congress
went over these public lands, whether there
was an imaginary line there which separated
Minnesota from Towa or not. At any rate,
out of abundance of caution, T should like to
have the amendment made.
Mr. NORTON and Mr. HENDRICKS.
There is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was' reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
use of hall for lectures.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following res-
olution and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the use of the Senate Chamber he
granted to Mrs. M. C. Walling for the purpose of
delivering therein an address,on Tuesday eveningthe
17th instant, the floor of the Chamber to be for the
exclusive accommodation of members of the Senate
and House of Representatives and their families.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope this res-
olution will prevail. I am opposed as a gen-
eral rule to letting anybody have the use of the
Senate Chamber, but I think there are peculiar
circumstances in this case which should induce
lis to grant its use, and I will state what they
are. In the first place, this lady presented a
paper to several members of the Senate, and it
was signed I should think by twenty, recom-
mending to the President of the Senate to grant
her the use of the Hall. The President did
not see fit to do so; he did not regard it as
coming within his authority. A resolution of
this kind was introduced into the Senate a few
weeks ago; and she has been waiting here on
expense, on the strength of that paper which
was signed by so many Senators, she deeming
it of great importance to her to be allowed to
deliver her lecture in the Senate Chamber.
She has been waiting for action on the subject;
she attaches great importance to it; and this
delay has caused her great expense.
Mr. CONNESS. \Vhat does she want to
say?
Mr. FESSENDEN. She wants to deliver a
lecture. She lived at the South ; she is a ref-
ugee from Texas, where she suffered a great
deal. She appears to be, and I have no doubt
she is, a very respectable woman. I hope that
we shall allow her the use of the Hall, and then
pass a resolution that in no other instance will
we allow the Senate Chamber to be used for
any such jrarpose. I- really think that under
the circumstances it would be unjust and severe
on this lady to refuse her this privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maine if this has ever been
done before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know ; but it
can be done, if we choose.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the twenty Sen-
ators who signed the paper referred to ought
to pay the expenses of this lady while she has
been waiting. [Laughter.] I know it is rather
ungraciousto object to a resolution ofthis kind;
but I suppose that all that will be gained will
be the rent of a room, and I had certainly much
rather pay my proportion of it than have my
papers disarranged.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not it. She has
a family and intends to lecture in differen t parts
of the country, and she wants the prestige of
having delivered a lecture in one ot the Halls
of Congress. I hope the Senate will grant the
use of the Hall for this purpose.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Fessenden, How-
ard, IIowc, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
rill, Nye, Poland. Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—17.
HAYS—Messrs. liuckalew, Conness, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Edmunds, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks,,
Johnson, Morsran, Norton, Sherman, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, and Willey—16.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Cra-
£in, Creswell, Dixon, Hariis, Henderson. Kirkwood,
McDougall, Nesmith, Riddle, Sauls bury. Sprasue,
Wright., and Yates—16.
So the resolution was agreed to.
executive business.
Several executi%'e messages were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Mooke', his Secretary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
for consideration the hill (S. No. 250) to author-
ize the Secretary of War to settle the claims"
of the State of Kansas for services of militia
called out by the Governor of that State on the
requisition of Major General Curtis, the com-
mander of the United States forces in that
State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the Senate has
been very liberal this morning with the public
lands and public money; and as we have a
good deal of executive business that ought to
be attended to, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to
the Senator from Illinois that it will take but
a few minutes to pass the bill which 1 have
called up. It is to reimburse tbeJState of Kan-
sas for money paid out for militia during Price's
raid. I hope the Senator from Illinois will
withdraw his motion and let us pass the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How much does it
appropriate?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Two hundred and
fifty-nine thousand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 presume it will give
rise to discussion and debate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 presume not. The
same course has been pursued in regard to Mis-
souri and other States.
Mr. TRUMBULL, There was some doubt
in regard to the Missouri claim. I insist on
my motion.
The motion was agreed to: and after an
hour and a half spent in executive session the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 10, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
civil rights bill.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that I was unavoidably absent yesterday, and
that, if present, I would have recorded my vote
in support of the veto message of the President
on the civil rights bill. I would ask to have
my vote recorded now, but I understand under
the new rule it cannot be done.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to £
privileged question ; and I want, in the first
place, to know whether, under the new rule,
there is any way by which an absent member
may be permitted to record his vote.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
gentleman, under the rules, to have his vote
now recorded. >
Mr. DRIGGS. Then I wish to say that-
just before the vote was taken yesterday on
the veto, I was eompelledvto go out upon a
matter that could not be put off. I thought,
from all appearances, that it would be at least
an hour before a vote would be taken, and I
went. Before doing so, however, I -requested
to be called in the event the vote was taken
before my return. I was. gone just twenty-
seven minutes, and when I returned the vote
bad been taken, and I found myself left out in
the cold.
"While I regret this misfortune, it is gratify-
ing to know that no one who knows me, cither
here or at home, will for a moment suppose that
I dodged the question. That is something I
never do where a principle is involved, espe-
cially in reference to freedom and justice.
If present, J should have voted "ay.'"
salaries in post office department.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reportedjnack Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 29, for the transfer of the
funds appropriated for the payment of salaries
in the Post Office Department to the general
salary account of that Department; and the
same was then referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
nbtt utile proposed.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
i submit the following resolution :
Resolved. That the Committee on the Rules be in-
structed to inquire into anil report upon the expe-
diency of providing, by amendment of the rules, that
when the House shall have under consideration a- bill
or resolution which shall have been returned by the
President,with his objections, to the House in which
it originated, neither the motion to lay on the table
nor the motion to postj>one indefinitely shall be in
order.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object.
beals ash dixon.
On motion of Mr. TROWBRIDGE, Senate
joint resolution No. 56, authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to adjust, the claim of Beals
& Dixon against the United States was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first, and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint, resolu-
tion was referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
capture of the president's assassins.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to: -
Resolved. That the"Secretary of "War be directed
i to furnish to this Tlouse the findings of tbeeommis-
sion in the ease of the awards for the capture of J.
1 W. Booth and George II. Harold.
| ' j. e. martin.
' Mr. CULLOM. by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
adversely on a bill for the legal representatives
of J. E. Martin : which was laid upon the table,
j and the report- ordered to be printed.
i rear admiral pauldixtj.
j Mr. CULLOM. by unanimous consent, from
II the same committee, reported back Senate
! joint resolution. No. 5'i, authorizing Rear
Admiral H. Paulding to accept a decoration
from the King of Italy, with the recommen-
dation that it do pass.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading : and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
commodore william radford.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous conscnt, from
the same committee, reported back Senate
joint- resolution No. 44, authorizing Commo-
dore William Radford to accept the decoration
of the Equestrian Order of Saint Maurizes
and Lazzaro from the King of Italy, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
