18G6.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
due by the law of nations to " the late Union.''
But it is written, '"Let the dead bury their
dead;" they may not bury the living. Let the
dead bury their dead: let a bill of reform xe-
move the worn-out government of a class, and
infuse new life into the British constitution by
contiding rightful power to the people. [Ap-
plause.]
iieit POLICY.
But while the vitality of America is inde-
structible, the British Government hurried to do
what never before had been done by Christian
Powers, what was in direct conflict with its
own exposition of public law in the time of our
struggle for independence. Though the insur-
gent States had not a ship in an open harbor,
it invested them with all the rights of a belli-
gerent, even on the ocean ; and this, too. when
the rebellion was not only directed against the
gentlest and most beneficent Government on
earth, without a shadow of justifiable cause, but
against human nature itself for the perpetual
enslavement of a race. And the effect of this
recognition was that acts m themselves pirat-
ical tound shelter in British courts of law. The
resources of British capitalists, their workshops,
their armories, their private arsenals, their ship-
yards, were in league with the insurgents, and
every British harbor in the wide world became
a safe port for British ships, manned by British
saiiois, and aimed with British guns, to prey
on our peaceful commerce ; e\eu on our ships
coining from British ports, frci&hlcd with British
products, or that had carried ,uifts of grain to the
English poor. The Prime Minister in the House
of Commons, sustained by cheers, scoffed at the
thought that their laws could bo amended at our
request so as to preserve* real neutrality: and
to remonstrances now owned to have hern just,
their Secretary answered that they could not
change their laws ad infinitum.
III'.L 'vTIOXS WITH
The people of America then wished, as they
always have wished, as they still wish, friendly
relations with England: arid no man m Eng-
land or America can desire it more strongly than
I. This country has always yearned for good
relations with England. Tin ice only in all its
history has that yearning been fairly met: in
thedaysof llampdenand Cromwell, again in the
first ministry of the elder Pitt, and once again
in the ministry of Slieiburne. Xot that there
have not at all limes been just men among the
peers of Britain—like Halifax, in the days of
James II, or a Granville, an Argyll, or a Hough-
ton in onr^, [u'rear applause;] and we cannot
be indifferent u> a country that produces stales-
men like Cobden and Bright., |_Ueniendous ap-
plause that lasted foi m*\ ciul inmate-;] but the
bcbt bowei anchor of peace wa.-. the working
class of England. [ u-iu wed applau.se ihai could
not be r< pressed. J who ,-afiered most from our
civil war. but who, while they broke theii di- \
minlshed bread in sorrow, always eucoaiaged j
us to persevere. [Great and long-continued i
applause. ] j
FRAXCn AND THE MOVRfiE T-arTU'MI. ]
The act of recognizing tin- rebel belliger^nTs !
was concerted with France ; France, so beloved I
in America, on which she had conferred the |
greatest benefits that one people ever conferred
on another : France, which stands foremost on
the continent of Europe for the solidity oi her
culture, as well as for the bravery and gener-
ous impulses of her sons: France, which for
centuries had been moving steadily in her own
Way toward intellectual and political freedom.^
The policy regarding further colonization oi
America by European Bowers, known com-
monly as the doctrine of .Monroe, had its origin
in France: and. if it. takes anv man's name,
should boar the mime of Turgot. h was
adopted by Louis XV1. in the cabinet of which
Vergenuos was the most important member.
It is emphatically the policy of France: to
which, with transient deviations, the Bourbons,
the first Napoleon, the hou-se of Orleans have
ever adhered.
TIIK LMI'KKOIi NAPOLEON* AND MEXICO.
The late President was perpetually harassed
by rumors that the Emperor Napoleon III de-
sired formally to recognize the States in rebel-
lion as an independent Power, and thai Eng-
land held him back by her reluctance, or France
by her traditions of freedom, or he himself by
his own better judgment and clear perception j
of events. But the republic of Mexico, on our •
borders, was, like ourselves, distracted by a re-
bellion, and from a similar cause. The mon-
archy of England had fastened upon us slavery
which did not disappear with independence; in
like manner, the ecclesiastical policy established
by the Spanish Council of the Indies, in the days
of Chailes V and Philip H. retained its vigor
in the Mexican republic. The fifty years of
civil war under which she had languished was
due to the bigoted system which was the legacy
of monarchy, just as here the inheritance of sla-
very kept alive political strife, and culminated
in civil war. As with us there could be no quiet
but through the end of slavery, so in Mexico
there coufd be no prosperity until the crushing
tyranny of intolerance should cease. The party
of slavery in the United States sent their emis-
saries to Europe to solicit aid; and so did the
party of the church m Mexico, as organized by
the old Spanish Council of the Indies, but with
a different result, dust as the Republican party-
had made an end of the rebellion, and was es-
tablishing the best government ever known in
that region, and gh ing promise to the nation of
order, peace, and prosperity, word was biought
us, in the moment of our deepest afllic Lion, that
the French emperor, moved b) a de-ire to erect
in North America a buttress for imperialism,
would transform the republic of Mexico into a
secundo-gemture for the house of i lapsburg.
America might complain : she could not then
interpose, and delay seemed justifiable. Hwas
seen that Mexico could not, with all its wealth
of hind, compete in cereal products with our
Northwest, nor, in tropica! products, with Cuba;
nor could it, under a disputed dynasty, attract
capital, or create pttbiic works, or develop
mines, or borrow money ; so that the imperial
system of Mexico, which was forced at once
to recognize the wisdom of the policy of the
republic by adopting it, could prove only an
unremuneratmg drain on the French treasury
for the support of an Austrian adventurer.
THE PERPETUITY OF RliPUBLIOAX CXSTI ITTIO.N S.
Meantime, a new series of momentous ques-
tions grows up, and forces themselves on the
consideration of the thoughtful. I'epubhcan- j
ism has learned how to introduce into its con- |
stitution every element of order, as well as every j;
element of freedom : but thus far the continuity
of its uovernment has seemed t o depend on the i
continuity of elections, it is now to be eon- i
sidered how perpetuity to be seeun d against :
foreign occupation. rIhe succo^orol ( iiarles j
1 of England dated his reign irom the death of ,
his father: the Bourbons coming bark, afier a j
long series of revolutions, claimed that the 1
Louis ^ho became king was the eiuhieeuih of j
i hat nam". The piesent Kniperoi of the h iend),
disdaining a title from eleruon alone, is called j
the ihiid Napoleon. Shall a republic ha\eh-<s j
power of continuance win n invading armies j
prevent a pia'eful resort to the ballot-box.'' j
What force shall it attach to intervening legis- j
lation? What validity to debts contracted for j
its overthrow? These momentous questions !
are. by the invasion of Mexico, thrown up for j
sobnion. A free Slate once truly constituted j
should be u< undying as "its people : the republic j
of Mexico must rise a^ain. [Eoud applause.] ;
THE POPE OF AXD 11IE PEHELLIOX. j
It was the condition of affairs in Mexico that |
involved the Pope of Rome in (ear oiilicnlties ,
so far that he alone anions temporal sovereigns |
recognize (1 the chief of tlic confederate Slalom ,
us a president, and Lis supporters, people; ;
and in letters to two great prelates ot the Calh- j
olio (Timvh in the L'nited Slates gave counsels j
for peace at a time when peace meant, the vie- ;
torv of secession Vet events move as they
areordered. The blessing oi' the l'ope ot Borne
on the head of Duke Maximilian could not re-
vive in the nineteenth century the ecclesiastical
policy of the sixteenth; and the result is only
a new proof that there can be no prosperity in
the State without religious freedom.
THE PEOPLE OF AMKItlCA.
When it came home to the consciousness of
the Americans that the war which they were
waging was a war for the liberty of all the na-
tions of the world, for freedom itself, they
thanked trod foY giving them resignation to
the severity of the trial to which He put their
sincerity, and ncn ed themselves for their duty
with an inexorable will. The President was
led along by the greatness of their self-sacri-
ficing example ; and as a child, in a dark night
on a rugged way, catches hold of the hand of
its father for guidance and support, he, clung
fast to the hand of the people, and moved
calmly through the gloom. While the states-
manship of Europe was scoffing at the hope-
less vanity of their efforts, they put forth such
miracles of energy as the history of the world
had never known. The Xavy of the United
States, drawing into the public service the will-
ing militia of the seas, doubled its tonnage in
eight months, and established an actual block-
ade from Cape Iiatteras to the Uio Grande:
in the course of the war it was increased five-
fold in men and in tonnage, while the inventive
genius ol the country devised more effective
kinds of ordnance, and new forms of naval
architecture in wood and iron. There went
into the field for various terms of service about
two million men; and in March last the men
in service exceeded a million: that is to say,
making allowance for two hundred thousand
black troops, chiefly from the South, nine of
every twenty able-bodied men took some part
in the war; and at one time every fifth able-
bodied man was in the field In one single
month, one hundred and sixty-five thousand
were recruited into service. Once, within four
weeks, Ohio organized and placed in the field
forty-two regiments of infantn—nearly thirty-
six thousand men ; and Ohio was like other
States in the East and in the "West. The well-
mounted cavalry numbered eighty-four thou-
sand: of horses there were bought, first and
last, two thirds of a million. In the movements
of troops science came in aid of patriotism; so
that to choose a single instance out of many,
an army twenty-three thousand strong, with ita
artillery, trains, baggage, and animals, were
moved by rail from the Potomac to the Ten-
nessee. twelve hundred miles, in seven days.
In the long marches, wonders of military con-
struction bridged the rivers ; and wherever an
anny halted ample supplies awaited them at
their ever-changing base. The vile thought
that life is the greatest of lAessiiurs did not rise
up. 1 n six hundred and twenty-five battles and
j severe skirmishes blood flowed like water It
streamed over the grassy plains: it stained the
: rocks ; the undergrowth of the foresfs was red
with it; and the armies marched on with majes-
tic courage from one. conllict to another, know-
ing that thev were fighting for God and liberty.
The organization of the medical department
met its infinitely multiplied duties with exact-
ness and dispatch. At the news of a battle,
the best surgeons of our cities hastened to the
field to offer the zealous aid of the greatest
experience and skill. The gentlest and most
refined of women left homes of luxury and ease
to build hospital tents near the armies and serve
as nurses to the sick and dying. Beside the
large supply of icli^ious teachers by the pub-
lie, the congregations spared to their brothers'
in the field the ablest ministers. Tlic Chris-
tian Commission, which expended £'3,">00,000,
sent four thousand clergymen chosen out of the
best to keep uusoiled the religious character of:
the men, atid made gifts of clothes and food
and medicine. The organization of private
I charity assumed unheard-of dimensions. The
! Sanitary Commission, which had seven thou-
I sand societies, distributed, under the direction
of an unpaid board, spontaneous contributions
| to the amount of $lo,000.00i> in supplies or
' money—81,500,000 from California alone
; and dotted the scene of war from Paducah to
I Port Royal, from Belle Plain, Virginia, to
1 Brownsville, Texas, with homes and lodges.
