804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
THE EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION.
. The country had for its allies the river Mis-
sissippi, which would not be divided, and the
range of mountains which carried the strong-
hold of the free through Western Virginia and '
Kentucky and Tennessee to the .highlands of
Alabama. But it invoked" the still higher
power of immortal justice. In" ancient Greece,
■where servitude was the universal custom, it
was held that if a child were to strike its parent,
the slave should defend the parent, and by that
act recover his freedom. After vain resistance,
Lincoln, who had tried to solve the question
by gradual emancipation, by colonization, and
by compensation, at last saw that slavery must
be abolished or the Republic must die; and
on the 1st day of January, 1802. he wrote lib-
erty on the banners of the armies. When this
proclamation, which struck the fetters from
three million slaves, readied Europe, Lord
Russell, a countryman of Milton and Wilber-
force, eagerly put himself forward to speak of
it in.the name of mankind, saying, It is of a
very strange nature :" ;'a measure of war of a
very' questionable kind;" an act "of venge-
ance on the slave-owner," that does no more
than "profess to emancipate slaves where the
United States authorities cannot make eman-
cipation a reality." Now, there was 110 part
of the country embraced in the proclamation
where the United States could not and did not
make emancipation a reality. Those! who saw
Lincoln most frequently had never before heard
him .speak with bitterness of any human being;
but he did not conceal how keenly he felt, that ,
he had been wronged by Lord liussell. And j|
he wrote, in reply to another eaviler, '''The jl
emancipation policy, and the use of colored jj
troops were the greatest blows yet dealt to the ji
rebellion. The job was a great national one; j[
and let none be slighted who bore an honorable i!
part in it. I hope peace will come soon, and
come to stay: then will there be some black
men who can remember that they have helped
mankind to this great consummation." [Ap-
plause.]
RUSSIA AND CIIISTA.
The proclamation accomplished its end, for
during the war our armies came into military
possession of every State in rebellion. Then,
too, was called forth the new powei that comes
from the simultaneous diffusion of thought and
feeling among the nations of mankind"! The
mysterious sympathy of the millions throughout ,
the world was given spontaneously. The best i
writers of Kurope waked the conscience of the
thoughtful till the intelligent moral sentiment
of the Old World was drawn to the side of the
unlettered statesman of the West. Russia,
whose emperor had just accomplished one of
the grandest acts [here the orator was inter-
rupted by the longest and loudest applause] in
the course of time by raising twent}7 million
[applause renewed at the mention of the num-
ber] bondmen into freeholders, [great and-
long-continued applause,] and thus assuring
the growth and culture of a Russian people,
remained our unwavering friend. [Another
burst ol applause.] From the oldest abode of
civilization, which gave the first example of an
imperial government with equality among the
people, Prince Kung, the Secretary of State for j
Foreign Ail'airs, remembered the say ing of Con- j
fucius, that w e should uoi do to others what we j
would not that others should do to u<. and in tile i
name ot the Empnor of China, closed its ports '
against the war ;-hipj and prh atem s of •'the
seditious.'" [Very long and loud applause.]
coni'i \a \ n: or the war.
The war continued, wilh all the peoples of
ths world for anxious spectators. Its caies
weighed heavily on Lincoln, and his face was
plowed with the furrows of thought, and sad-
ness. Yv ith malice toward none, tree from the
spirit of revenge, victoiy mude him importu-
nate tor peace; and Ins enemies never doubted
his word or despaired of his aboundm"1 clem- i
ency. He longed to utter pardon as till word j
ior ail, but not unless ibo, freedom of tho iu-i"ro ]
should be assured. The strand battles of vlill I
Spring, which gave us Nashville, of Fort Don- I
elson, Malvern Hill, Antietam, Gettysburg, the
Wilderness of Virginia, Winchester, Nashville,
the capture of New Orleans, Vicksburg, Mobile,
Fort Fisher, the march from Atlanta, and the
capture of Savannah and Charleston, all fore-
told the issue. Still more, the self-regenera-
tion of Missouri, the heart of the continent;
of Maryland, whose sons never heard the mid-
night bells chime so sweetly as when they rang
out to earth and heaven that by the voice of
her own people she took her place among the
free ; of Tennessee, which passed through fire
and blood, through sorrows and the shadow of
death, to work out her own deliverance, and by
the faithfulness of her own sons to renew her
youth like the eagle—proved that victory was
deserved and would be worth all that it" cost.
If words of mercy, uttered as they were by
Lincoln on the waters of Virginia, were de-
fiantly repelled, the armies of the country,
moving with_one will, went as the arrow to its
mark, and without a feeling of revenge struck
a death-blow at rebellion.
LINCOLN'S ASSASSINATION.
Where, in the history of nations, had a Chief
Magistrate possessed more sources of consola-
tion and joy than Lincoln? His countrymen
had shown their love by choosing him to a sec-
ond term of service. The raging war that had
divided the country had lulled; and private
grief was hushed by the grandeur of its results.
The nation had its new birth of freedom, soon
to be secured forever by an amendment of the
Constitution. His persistent gentleness had
conqueied for hun a kindlier feeling on the part
of the South. His scoffers among the grandees
of Europe began to do him honor. The labor-
ing classes everywhere saw in his advancement
their own. All peoples sent, him their bene-
dictions. And at the moment of the height
of his fame, to which his humilitv and modesty
added charms, he fell by the hand of the assas-
sin: and the only triumph awarded him was
the march to the grave.
thu oi;r.at.\-;;ns or m.w.
This is no time to say that human glory is
but dust and ashes, that wc mortals are no more
than shadows in pursuit of shadows. How
mean a thing were man, if there were not that
within him which is higher than himself: if he
could not master the illusions of sense, and dis-
cern the connections of event* by a superior
light which comes from God. He so shares
the di\ •ine impulses that he has power to subject
interested passions to love of country, and per-
sonal ambition to the ennoblement of his kind
Not in vain has Lincoln lived, for he has helped
to_ make this Republic an example of justice,
with no caste but the caste of humanity. The
heroes who led our armies and ships info bat-
tle— Lyon, McPher.son, Reynolds, Sedswick,
Wadsworth, F'oote, Ward, with their compeers
—and fell in the service, did not die in vain:
they and the myriads of nameless martyrs, and
he, the chief martyr, died willingly '-that, gov-
ernment of the people, by the people, and for
the people, shall not perish from the earth."
[Loud applause.]
the just died for top, unjust.
The assassination of Lincoln, who was so
free trom malice, has by some mysterious in-
fluence struck the country with solemn awe,
and hushed, instead of cxciting. 1 lie passion for
revenge. It seems as if the just had died for j
the unjust When 1 think of the friends f hare
lo't in tins war—and every one who hears me
has. like myself, lost some of those whom he
most loved—theie is no consolation to be de-
rived from i ictims on the scaffold, or from any-
thing but the established union of tiie regen-
erated nation. [Applause.]
CIIAKAeri.lt (,I<- LINCOLN.
In his character. Lincoln was through and
through an Ameiican. lie is the first native
of the region west of the Aileghanies to attain
to tin-highest station; and howhuopyit is that
the man who was brought forward as the oat- 1
nral ont~row;h nr.d first fruits ,tlmt return ;
should have been ot uuo!e:ni,hcd pnrilv in pri- ji
vate life, a good son, a kind husband, a most j
affectionate father, and, as a man, so gentle to
all. As to integrity, Douglas, his rival, said of
him, "Lincoln is the lionest'est man I ever
knew.''
The habits of his mind were those of medi-
tation and inward thought, rather than of ac-
tion. He excelled in logical statement, more
than in executive ability. 11e reasoned clearly,
his reflective judgment was good and his par-
poses w6re fixed: but, like the Hamlet of his
only poet, his will was tardy in action : and for
this reason, and not from humility or tenderness
of feeling, he sometimes deplored that the duty
which devolved on him had not fallen to the lo't
of another. He was skillful in analysis: dis-
cerned with precision the central idea on which
a question turned, and knew how to disengage
it and present it by itself in a few homely,
strong old English words that would be intel-
ligible to all. He delighted to express his opin-
ions by an apothegm, illustrate them by a para-
ble, or drive them home by a story.
Lincoln gained a name by discussing ques-
tions which, of all others, niost easily lead to
fanaticism but he was never carried away by
enthusiastic zeal, never indulged in extravagant
language, never hurried to support extreme
measures, neverallowedliiinsolfto be controlled
by sudden impulses. During the progress of the
election at which he was chosen President, he
expressed no opinion that went beyond the Jef-
ferson proviso of 1784. Like Jefferson and La
Fayette, he had faith in the intuitions of the peo-
ple, and readthose inluitionswith rare sagacity.
He knew how to bide his time, and was less apt
to run ahead of opinion than to lag behind.
He never sought to electrify the public by
taking an advanced position with a banner of a
section ; but rather studied to move forward
compactly, exposing no detachment in front or
rear; so that the course of his Administration
might have been explained as the calculating
policy of a shrewd and watchful politician, had
there not, been seen behind it a fixedness of
principle which from the first determined his
purpose and grew more intense with every year,
consuming his life by its energy. Yet his sensi-
bilities were not acute, he had no vividnes of
imagination to picture to his mind the horrors
of the battle-field or the sufferings in hospitals;
his conscience was more tender than his feelings.
Lincoln was one of the most unassuming of
men. In time of success, he gave credit for it
to those whom he employed, to"the people, and
to the providence of God. lie did not know
what ostentation is ; when he became President
he was rather saddened than elated, and his
conduct and manners showed more than over
his belief that all men are born equal. He was
no respecter of persons; and neither rank, nor
reputation, nor ser\ices overawed him. [n
judging of character he failed in discrimination,
and his appointments were sometimes bad ; bat
he readily deferred to public opinion, and in
appointing the head of the armies he followed
the manifest preference of Congress. • [Ap-
plause.]
A., good President will secure unity to his
administration by his own supervision of the
various departments. Lincoln, who accepted
advice readily, was never governed by any mem-
ber of his Cabinet, ami could not be moved from
a purpose deliberate!)- formed ; but his super-
vision ot aiiairs was unsteady and incomplete;
and sometimes, by a sudden interference tran-
scending the usual forms, he rather confused
than advance*! the public business. If he ever
failed in the scrupulous regard due to the rel-
ative rights of Congress, it was so evidently
without design that no conflict could ensue, or
evil precedent be established. Truth he would
receive from anyone; but, when impressed by
others, he (Kd not use their opinions till by re-
flection he had made them thoioughly his own.
It was the namre of Lincoln to forgive. Vi hen
hostilities ceased, he who had always sent forth
the flag with every one of its stars in the field,
was eager to receive back iiis relunfng eue.n-
tiwu'-u. and meditated "some now announce-
ment to the South.'' The amendment of the
Constitution abolishing slavery had his most
