3.788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Thus stands tie account with the State of
New York. With the exception of the Erie
canal, alt the rest of the canals built under her
system are for local uses, merely for the bene-
fit of the State, and are in no- way chargeable
to the nation. The question was asked; a mo-
tet since, and it is the only other question
that I propose1 to allude to, how is the com-
merce which is to pass from Lake Brie into
Lake Ontario through this canal to betaken
pitt'of'Lake Ontario ? Several ways. The1 Sen-
ator fromWeW York suggested that it can go
down the St. Lawrence, and go out of the St.
Lawrence-. It can go down "the St. Lawrence
toOgdeasburg, where'it will find one line of
railway.' ' It can leave Lake Ontario at Os-
wego, either by a earial or by a railroad con-
nect,ing with the Brie eanal or with the Central
railroad. But what can be done beyond all
this, and what I want to say to the Senate
must and will be done, is to-construct between
Lake Ontario and the Hudson river a new and
a larger water communication: over which com-
merce can be moved by steam. ' This is one
step toward it. This will overcome one half
of the distance of the Erie-canal. Your com-
merce that goes by the canal from Lake On-
tario will only have about half the distance to
be drawn by horses that it now has.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, there
are" several reasons why I shall vote for the
postponement of the consideration of this bill
until the next session of Congress. In the first
place, if it be necessary to pass the bill at all,
the work need not be seriously delayed by its
passage at the n6xt session. It is not proba-
ble that the work will be commenced during
this summer; and if the bill shall pass at an
early day during the next session, the com-
pany could be organized and the organization
could be so completed so that the work could,
commence in the spring. Therefore I think
that the work itself, if ever so desirable, is not
delayed seriously by the postponement of the
consideration of the bill.
Bat, sir, I am not willing to vote jpr a bill
creating a corporation, with great powers and
large capital, to exereise its powers in the
State of New York against the will of that
State, without a very fall consideration of the
measure—a- consideration which, I think, dur-
ing the hot" days of the summer we ought not
to be called upon to give. The State of New
York with great force says to us that she has
invested very many millions of dollars in the
construction of a canal, one of the greatest
works of the world, which accommodates to a
very large extent the commerce of the western
States. She has made this investment, and
we ought to consider very carefully, as a mat-
ter of justice and right to that State, before
we establish a competing line or channel of
commerce under the charge of a corporation
created by an act of Congress. The Senator
from Illinois has said that Congress has already
appropriated money to a work of internal im-
provement to be used by a corporation. I ask
that Senator if Congress incorporated the com-
pany that had -charge of the work for the con-
struction of the canal at the falls of the. Ohio.
I do not so understand. Congress made an
appropriation to that work; but I do not rec-
ollect that Congress incorporated a company
to improve the falls of the Ohio.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated distinctly that it
did not; and I asked the question, if the Con-
gress of the United States had a right to be-
come a stockholder in a corporation created
by a State to make a national improvement,
had it not a right .to create the corporation
itself?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will not discuss the
question that the Senator presents ; but in the
Cisse to which he refers the State of Kentucky
was very anxious for that improvement; the
State of Indiana, that occupied the opposite
bank of the Ohio, was very anxious for that
improvement; the State of Kentucky expressed
that desire by incorporating the company, so
that the expenditure of the money by the Gen-
eral Government was not only with .the consent
but at the most earnest desire of the two States
interested in the work. Now, we have the case
of a great State, having invested a very large
. sum of mon-ey in the construction of a mag-
nificent work to aid the commerce of the west-
ern States, objecting to the immediate passage
o-f this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator has read
; the bill, he will see that it contains a provision
—I am opposed td the provision, but it is, in the
bill'as it stands—ttat this work is not to be done
without the consent of the State of New York.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that very
well; but. the State of New York now, by her
Senators here, objects to the consideration of
this bill at the present time. Is it not fair to give
to the Senators from New York an opportunity
to consult with their constituents upon so im-
portant a work to her interest? What will be
the effect of the passage of this bill should it
go before the Legislature of New York? The
appeal will be made there to the members that
Congress has proposed to invest so much money
within her limits'to organize a company of this
power, and the appeal' will be made to the mem-
bers of the Legislature to grant this privilege.
The Senators from New York have asked that
before this is done they shall have an opportu-
nity, duringthe coming months, to consult their
constituents. It seems to me that when the
extraordinary proposition is before us, that
Congress shall create a corporation to exercise
its powers entirely within a State—not at all
within the District of Columbia, not at all
within any of those localities over which Con-
gress has exclusive jurisdiction, but entirely
within a State—and the Senators from that
State are asking us to postpone its considera-
tion for a few months, it ought not to be a de-
batable question. Northern Indiana is inter-
ested in this work; I know it very well; but
northern-Indiana will not ask an act of injustice
to New York; nor will she ask that Congress
shall do that which the Constitution forbids. I
do riot now propose to discuss that question,
nor am I prepared to say that I have a decided
opinion upon it. My impression is, however,
that Congress has not the power to do what it
never yet has done, establish a corporation to
do a thipg within a State exclusively.
The Senator from Illinois has referred to the
condition of our markets; to the fact that corn,
ii) southern Indiana and southern Illinois, dur-
ing the past year, has been worth but fifteen
cents a bushel. I have seen the statement that
in his State corn has been used for fuel. I
know nothing about it except as it is stated in
the newspapers. If that be the condition of
our "commerce in southern Indiana and south-
ern Illinois, what is the remedy? Not a ship-
canal around the falls of Niagara. That may
be useful; but our great remedy is the restora-
tion of commerce and trade with the southern
'States. Let us open up the rivers again; let
there be a prosperous people, a money-making
people along the shores of the Mississippi river
and along the Gulf coast; let us find our ready
and our natural market in the southern States,
and corn will no longer be fifteen cents a bushel.
I believe the Senator from Illinois was one of
the Senators who voted to put a tax of sixteen
hundred per cent, upon corn when it is reduced
to a commodity that can be shipped to market.
Corn that is worth, he says, but fifteen cents
a bushel, one bushel making four gallons of
whisky, has to pay, in that State, eight dollars
of tax; and that Senator favored that oppress-
ive measure against the interest of his own State
and of the State that I represent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume that the Sen-
ator from Indiana, with his usual fairness, for
I think he means to state the position of Sena-
tors fairly, would not intentionally misrepresent
any action which I have taken in this body.
Sir, I opposed with all the power I was capa-
ble of, not a tax on whisky, but any such tax
as two dollars a gallon on whisky. I never
voted for it. I voted against it and talked
against it; and I believe to-day that it is a
most injurious tax, not only to the corn-grower,
but to the revenue of this country. I think
that 'axing the article of corn a thousand per
cent., or sixteen hundred per cent., as the Sen-
ator from Indiana has it, is injurious in every
aspect of the case. We have got no such rev-
enue from whisky as we should have got with
a reasonable tax upon it. We needed'a rev-
enue ; I was willing that my constituents, with
others, should submit to the payment of a rev-
enue ; but I never consented, so far as I was
concerned, to the imposition of any such un-
equal and unjust tax, as I believe that to be
which is imposed by the law as it has existed
for the last year upon whisky.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very glad that
the Senator has made the explanation, be-
cause I was misled in some way in regard to
his course on that question. I had the impres-
sion that he had favored that high tax. Per-
haps that impression grew out of the fact that
the Senator favored a tax upon whisky on hand.
I may have confused the two questions; and
I am glad to hear the Senator speak as he now
does upon that most unjust measure toward
the State which he represents and toward the
State which I represent.
But, Mr. President, I will ask the Senator
from Illinois, what was his course the other
day when it was proposed to tax cotton ? The
Senator eaunot say that the interest of the
Northwest is identified with that question. We
want cotton to be raised on the shores of the
Mississippi and the Gulf coast. We want it to
be produced in the largest quantity, and to be
sold to a profitable market, so that the people
of the southern States may be able to buy our
produce, which we want to sell. We do not
want the people of the southern States to go
into the production of corn and the articles
which we produce in the Northwest, but we want
them to divert their capital and their labor to
the production of that whieh does not come in
competition with our capital or with our labor.
Our natural market is down the Ohio and the
Mississippi rivers. Restore the relations be-
tween these States; give the southern States a
representation in Congress; let this whole coun-
try once more feel that the States are united for
every purpose ; let fair legislation characterize
everything that Congress does toward every
section of the country, and we shall soon find
our natural and our lucrative market. Open
up the canals and give us an eastern market.
What is that worth to us compared with our
market down the river? What is that worth
to us compared with a prosperous people on
the shores of the Mississippi and on the Gulf?
Nothing. Our corn will remain at fifteen cents a
bushel in the localities to which the Senator has
referred unless we can have this southern mar-
ket. I know that the Mississippi river is open ;
there is no military interference with the pas-
sage of boats down the river; but I know that
the confidence between the two sections upon
which trade and commerce must rest has not
been restored, and it will not be restored until
the States are restored to all their political rela-
tions to the Federal Government.
But, sir, I do not intend to discuss that ques-
tion nOw. I say that we ought to take time to
consider so important a measure as this. It is
the first time in the history of Congress, I
believe, that it has been proposed to create a
great corporation with powers to be exercised
exclusively within a State. Let ns take until
next session for consideration of the subject.
It is time now that we should adjourn. The
interests of the country, I think, require an
adjournment of Congress. Trade is uncertain
untii we do adjourn. _ The business men of the
country cannot tell in what respect the acts of
Congress may change their interests from day
to day, and until we do adjourn the trade and
business of the country will not be stable and
fixed. I think it is for the interest of the
country that we should adjourn; and I am
sure it is for our own comfort. I am in favor
of postponing this and any other general
measure that can be postponed until the next
session. We have done about enough. We
have made up a considerable record here; let
that go before the country; let the country
