1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
Mr. GARFIj&JE'D. I move to add these
words:
And that the Public Printer bo required to furnish
with the same aeomplotciiidex of the contents.
It is utterly useless for us to have bulky docu-
ments printed without indexes, and I shall
object to any being printed hereafter without
a complete index.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
Mr. LA.KLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The SPEAKER announced the following
appointments to fill vacancies on committees:
On the Committee of Elections, Mr. Joun
A. Nicholson, of Delaware.
On the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
Mr. Edwin N. Hubbell, of New York.
GRANTS OF LAND TO SOUTHERN RAILROADS.
TheSPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives
of the United States:
I transmit a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, with the accompanying
papers, in reference to grants of lands made
by acts of Congress passed in the years 1850,
1853, and 1856, to the States of Mississippi,
Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, and Louisiana to
aid in the construction of certain railroads. As
these grants will expire by limitation on the
11th day of August, 18GG, leaving the roads for
whose benefit they were conferred in an un-
finished condition, it is recommended that the
time within which they may be completed be
extended for a period of five vears.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., April 7, 1800.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
commences, and the Committee on Military
Affairs are entitled to make their reports.
GRADE OF GENERAL.
Mr. DEM1NG. I am instructed by tho
Committee on Military A Hairs to report a bill
to revive the grade of General in the United
States Army, and to move that it be printed
with the amendments.
I also move that itbemadc the special order
on Tuesday next after the morning hour. T
have been detained at home longer than I
anticipated by reason of serious illness in my
family, and am not prepared to proceed with
the bill to-day. 1 shall therefore regard it as
a special favor and indulgence on the part of
the House if it will consent to make it the
special order on Tuesday next.
No objection being made it was so ordered,
and the bill and amendments were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the reading of
tho bill.
Tho bill was accordingly read. It provides
for the appointment by the Prc.-ident, with the
advice and consent of the Senate, of a Gen-
eral of the United States Army, to be selected
from among officers most distinguished for
couiage, skill, and ability.
The amendment reported as a substitute for
the second section provides that the pay proper
of the General shall bo £400per month, and his
allowances in all other respects shall be the
same as allowed heretofore to tho Lieutenant
General.
COMMISSARIES OF SUBSISTENCE.
Mr. DEMING. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report buck i
Ho.ise resolution Xo. 21. for the relief of cer-
tain commissaries of subsistence of the United
States Aimy. The committee find, on con- ,
suiting with the appropriate department, that 1
there is no need of any legislation on the sub-
ject. 1 therefore move that the committee bo
discharged from the further consideration of
the resolution and that it be laid on tho table.
The motion was agreed to.
REV. HARRISON IHSER5*AN0E.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution for
the relief of Rev. Harrison llocrmauce, late
chaplain of the one hundred and twenty-eighth
regiment of New York volunteers.
The joint resolution authorizes an adjust-
ment of the account of the chaplain for such
period as he was actually in service, for which
he received no pay by reason of defective mus-
tering and otherwise, through no fault of his
own.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. KETCH AM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE R. FRANK.
Mr. KETCHAM, from tho Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of George R. Frank, late captain of the thirty-
third regiment of Wisconsin volunteer infantry ;
which was read a first and second lime, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes payment
for services as captain from the date of his last
payment to the time of the muster-out' of the
legiinent., the same as if ho had not been mus-
tered out as captain for tho purpose of being
mustered in as major or otherwise.
The bill was passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GENERAL W. S. HANCOCK.
Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back joint resolution of
the House No. 88, expressive of (he thanks of
Congress to Major General W. S. Hancock,
with a substitute, recommending its passage.
The substitute for the joint resolution was
read, as follows:
ji': it p,,/j,,J ()''■ I hill IT!> II ':/■ nf /,Vj, VV.V'(>/(/-
fiiiH, <-('<■., That in addition to the thanks heretofore
voted by joint resolution, approved January 28,18(5J.
to Aiajui Genoral George ft. Mnntc, Major General
Oliver 0. Howard, and to the officers and sotdieis of
the army ol' tlie Potomac, for the skill and heroic
vator wtlicll at Gelt.\sbur;,r repulsed, defeated, and
drove baek, broken and dispirited, till1, veteran army
of tho rebellion, the gratitude of the American peo-
ple and the thanks ot their representatives in Con-
fire?-, are likewi-e duo and are hereby tendered to
M-i.ior General Wintield 8. Hancock tor hi.s inillant,
meritorious, and conspicuous share in that great and
deceive victory.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to lie engrossed and rendathii d time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mi. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill to extend the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill provides that the Court of Claims
shall have juiisdiction to hear and determine
all claims of paymasters, quartermasters, com-
missaries of subsistence, and other disbursing
officers of the United Siates, or of their admin-
istrators or executors, for relief from responsi-
bility on account of losses by capture or other-
wise in the line of their duty, during the late
war.
The bill further provides that whenever the
Court of Claims shall have ascertained the fact
of any such loss to have been without fault or
neglect on tho part of any such officer, it shall
make a deerce setting forth the amount thereof,
upon which the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury shall allow to such officer the
amount so decreed as credit in tho settlement
of his accounts.
Mr. CONKLIN G. Has that bill been printed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ANCONA. It has not been printed.
Mr. CONKL1NG-. I think itought to be.
Mr. ANCONA. I have no objection to its
being recommitted and printed if it is deemed
necessary. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the bill was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. SCITENCK. I hope leave will be given
to the committee to report hack the bill at any-
time.
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was recommitted
can be entered.
_ Mr. ANCONA. I enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. ROUSSEAU, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported baek, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, bill of the House
No. 21, granting lands t<5 the State of Oregon
to build a military road.
The bill was read.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
an amendment to strike out from the last sec-
tion of the bill the following words:
And the .sum of $ir>,(k)0 is hereby appropriated to
meet, tho expenses of i'd survey; and the Seerctary
of tlie Treasury is directed to pay over the same to
the propel' pel sou as boon as said survey is completed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I would like to know
how much land is granted by this bill.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Three tiers of alternate
sections on each side of the road.
Mr. 1SOUTWELL. What is tho length of
the road'!
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I do not know what is
the length of the road. I wish to say that I
have examined precedents for this bill in sev-
eral Congresses, and it is in the same terms as
kindred bills which have been passed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will say that tho
length of the road cannot be statHl precisely,
but it is somewhere near two hundred and fifty
miles.
While I am up, lot mo say that this road leads
through a country that is infested by Indians.
It passes by a military camp, Camp Watson,
and Canon City, and also by a milling camp at
a place called 1 iumboldt Basin, and so on to
Snake river. The object of the road is to pro-
vide facilities by which arms and munitions of
war ean be transported from point to point for
the defense of that section of'country. A map
has been furnished by the military authorities
! of that section of the country, by whom the
' road has been located. 'That country lias suf-
fered very much within the last twelve months,
and is at this time suffering very much in con-
sequence of the inroads of the savages.
This bill is in accordance with one that was
passed at the first session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress. It gives the same amount of lands
under the same restrictions. 1 hope for tho
interests of that section of country that the bill
will be passed as soon as possible.
• Mr. CONKLrNG. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEA KER. 'The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Rousseau] is entitled to the floor,
having yielded to the gentleman from Oregon
[Mr. Henderson] for explanation of the bill.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I would ask, what is the
purpose of referring this bill to thfi Committee
on Public Lands?
Mr. CONlvLING. My personal reason is
that, like the gentleman Irom Massachusetts,
[Mr Bovrivr.ix,] I am not at all satisfied that
this bill ought to pass; but 1 am quite satis-
