1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
3m
Laws of the United States.
39th Gong.... 1st
and within the limits before specified. The
lands herein granted shall be applied to the
building of said road within the States, respect-
ively, wherein they are situated. And the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which shall
remain in the United States within the limits
of the aforesaid grant shall not be sold for less
than double the minimum price of public lands
when sold: Provided, That bona fide and act-
ual settlers under the preemption laws of the
United States may, after due proof of settle-
ment, improvement, and occupation, as now
• provided by law, purchase the same at the
price fixed for said lands at the date of such
settlement, improvement, and occupation:
And provided, also, That settlers under the
provisions of the homestead act, who comply
with the terms and requirements of said act,
shall be entitled, within the limits of said
grant, to patents for an amount not exceed-
ing eighty acres of the land so reserved by the
United States, anything in this act to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
right of way through the public lands be, and
the same is hereby, granted to said companies
for the construction of said railroad and tel-
egraph line ; and the right, power, and author-
ity are hereby given to said companies to take
from the public lands adjacent to the line of
said road, earth, stone, timber, water, and
other materials for the construction thereof.
Said right of way is granted to said railroad
to the extent of one hundred feet in width on
each side of said railroad where it may pass
over the public lands, including all necessary
grounds tor stations, buildings, workshops,
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks,
turn-tables, water-stations, or any other struc-
tures required in the construction and operat-
ing of said road.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
whenever the said companies, or either of
them, shall have twenty or more consecutive
miles of any portion of said railroad and tel-
egraph line ready for the service contemplated
by this act, the President of the United States
shall appoint three commissioners, whose com-
pensation shall be paid by said company, to
examine the same, and if it shall appear that
twenty consecutive miles of railroad and tele-
graph shall have been completed and equipped
in all respects as required by this act, the said
commissioners shall so report under oath to
the President of the United States, and there-
upon patents shall issue to said companies, or
either of them, as the case may be, for the
lands hereinbefore granted, to the extent of
and conterminous with the completed section
of said railroad and telegraph line as afore-
said ; and from time to time, whenever twenty
or more consecutive miles of the said road and
telegraph shall be completed and equipped as
aforesaid, patents shall in like manner issue
upon the report of the said commissioners,
and so on until the entire railroad and tele-
graph authorized by this act shall have been
constructed, and the patents of the lands herein
granted shall have been issued.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
grants aforesaid are made upon the condition
that the said companies shall keep said rail-
road and telegraph in repair and use, and shall
at all times transport the mails upon said rail-
road, and transmit dispatches by said telegraph
line for the Government ot the United States,
when required so to do by auy department
thereof, and that the Government shall at all
times have the preference in the use of said
railroad and telegraph therefor at fair and rea-
sonable rates of compensation, not to exceed
the rates paid by private parties for the same
kind of service. And said railroad shall be
and remain a public highway for the use of the
Government of the United States, free of all
toll or other charges upon the transportation
of the property or troops of the United States,
and the same shall be transported over said
road at the cost, charge, and expense of the
corporations or companies owning or operat-
ing the same, when so required by the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the
said companies shall file their assefit to this
act in the Department of the Interior within
one year after the passage hereof, and shall
complete the first section of twenty miles of
said railroad and telegraph within two years,
and at least twenty miles in each year there-
after, and the whole on or before the first day
of July, one thousand eight hundred and sev-
enty-five ; and the said railroad shall be of the
same gauge as- the " Central Pacific Railroad"
of California, and be connected therewith.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
said companies named in this act are hereby
required to operate and use the portions or
parts of said railroad and telegraph mentioned
m section one of this act for all purposes of
transportation, travel, and communication, so
far as the Government and the public are con-
cerned, as one connected and continuous line;
and in such operation and use to afford and
secure to each other equal advantages and fa-
cilities as to rates, time, and transjiortation,
without any discrimination whatever, on pain
of forfeiting the full amount of damage sus-
tained on account of such discrimination, to
be sued for and recovered in any court of the
United States, or of any State, of competent
jurisdiction.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in
ease the said companies shall fail to comply
with the termsand conditions required, namely,
by not filing their assent thereto as provided in
section six of this act, or by not completing
the same as provided in said section, this act
shall be null and void, and all the lands not
conveyed by patent to said company or com-
panies, as the case may be, at the date of any
such failure, shall revert to the United States.
And in case the said road and telepraph line
shall not be kept in repair and fit for use, after
the same shall have been completed, Congress
may pass an act to put the same in repair and
use, and may dircct tho income of said rail-
road and telegraph line to be thereafter de-
voted to the United States, to repay all ex-
penditures eaused by the default ana neglect of
said companies or either of them, as the case
may be, or may fix pecuniary responsibility,
not exceeding the value of the lands granted
by this act.
Sec. 9. And.be it further enacted, That the
said " California and Oregon Railroad Com-
pany" and the said "Oregon Company" shall
be governed by the provisions of the general
railroad and telegraph laws of their respective
States, as to the construction and management
of the said railroad and telegraph line herein-
before authorized, in all matters not provided
for in this act. Wherever the word "com-
pany" or "companies" is used in this act it
shall be construed to embrace the words "their
associates, successors, and assigns," the same
as if the words had been inserted, or thereto
annexed.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, 1 hat all
mineral lands shall be excepted from the op-
eration of this act; but where the same shall
coutain timber, so much of the timber thereon
as shall be required to construct said road over
such mineral land is hereby granted to said
companies: Provided", That the term nun-
eral lands" shall not include lands containing
coal and iron.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, I hat the
said companies named in this act shall obtain
the consent of the Legislatures of their respect-
ive States, and be governed by the statutory
regulations thereof in all matters pertaining to
the right of way, wherever the said road and
telegraph line shall not pass over or through
the public lands of the United States.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, lhat Con-
gress may at any time, having due regard for
the rights of said California and Oregon rail-
road companies, add to* alter, amend, or re-
peal this act.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXLIII.—An Act to Change the Place
of holding Coort in the Northern District
of Georgia.
Beitenactedbi/the Senate and house of Re])-'
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the district court for
tie-northern district of Georgia shall hereafter
be held at Atlanta, instead of Marietta; and
the clerk of said northern district is hereby
required to remove all the books, papers, and
records belonging to his office from Marietta
to Atlanta.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
process made returnable to the court hereto-
fore held at Marietta shall be taken and con-
sidered returnable to the court at Atlanta.
Approved, July 25,1860.
Chap. CCXLIV.—An Act granting to A. Su-
tro the Right of Way, and granting other
Privileges to aid in the Construction, of a
Draining and Exploring Tunnel to the Com-
stock Lode, in the State of Nevada.
Be it enactedby the Senate and JlonscofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, for the purpose of
the construction of a deep draining and ex-
ploring tunnel to and beyond the "Comstoek
lode," go called, in the State of Nevada, the
right of way is hereby granted to A. Sutro. his
heirs and assigns, to run, construct, and exca-
vate a mining, draining, and exploring tunnel;
also to sink mining, working, or air shafts
along the course of said tunnel, and connect-
ing with the same at any point which may here-
after be selected by the grantee herein, his heirs
or assigns. The said tunnel shall be at least
eight feet high and eight foet wide, and shall
commence at some point to be selected by the
grantee herein, his heirs or assigns, at the hills
near Carson river, and within the boundaries
of Lyon county, and extending from saiil ini-
tial point in a westerly direction seven miles,
more or less, to and beyond said Comstoek
lode; and the said right of way shall extend
northerly and southerly on the course of said
lode, either within the same, or east or west of
the same; and also on or along any other lodo
which may be discovered or developed by the
said tunnel.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, lhat the
right is hereby granted to the said A. Sutro,
his heirs and assigns, to purchase, at one dol-
lar and twenty-five cents per acre, a sufficient
amount of public land near the mouth of said
tunnel for the use of the same, not exceeding
two sections, and such land shall not be min-
eral land or in the bona fide possession of
other persons who claim under any law of Con-
gress at the time of the passage of this act, and
all minerals existing or which shall be discov-
ered therein are excepted Irom this grant; that
upon filing a plat of said land the Secretary of
the Interior shall withdraw the same from sale,
and upon payment for the same a patent Shall
issue. And the said A. Sutro, his heirs and
assigns, are hereby granted the right to pur-
chase, at five dollars per acre, such mineral
veins and lodes within two thousand feet on.
each side of sai<i tunnel as shall be cut, dis-
covered, or developed by running and con-
structing the same, through its entire extent,
with all the dips, spurs, and angles or such
lodes, subject, however, to the provisions ot
this act, and to such legislation as Congress
may hereafter provide: Provided, lhat the
Comstoek lode, with its dips, spurs, ana an-
gles, is excepted from this grant, and all other
lodes, with their dips, spurs, and angles, lo-
cated within the said two thousand feet, and
which ai\e or may he, at the passage of this actj
in the actual bona fide possession of ofchor per
