806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
eminent, the representation founded upon sla-
very be also abolished. The gist of the whole
matter is in a few words, which I will read:
"Those who refuse to others the right of being
represented ought not to he rewarded for this
injustice by having themselves an increased
representation on their account. As this sub-
ject is under consideration in the joint commit-
tee on'reconstruction, I think it had better be
referred to that committee.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of altering
the provisions of the land grant to the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Fort Gibson railroad,
together with a branch from Lawrence to Em-
poria, so as to make Burlingame a point on that
road; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to present a
petition of sundry citizens of Will county, Illi-
nois, on the subject of the restoration of the late
rebel States. The petition is signed by R. W.
French and others, objecting to the restoration
of any of the States lately in rebellion until
adequate security has been obtained against
any renewed effort to secede; and they point
out certain amendments to the Constitution
■which they believe necessary. I move that it
be referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL also presented a petition
of manufacturers of agricultural implements ot^
Belleville, Illinois, praying for a reduction of
the tax on sales of their manufactures ; which
was referred to the Committee on linanee.
He also presented additional papers in the case
of Aaron Van Camp and Virginius P. Chapin,
praying for indemnity for the alleged illegal
seizure and confiscation of their property at
Apia, in the Navigators' Islands, by the Uni-
ted States consul stationed there which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of Augus-
tus Hubbell, praying for a settlement of his
accounts, and that he may be allowed credit
for money alleged to have been stolon from him
on or about July 17, 18G5: which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
Captain Faircloth, praying for remuneration
for property lost on board the steamer Boston,
which was destroyed while on an expedition
up the Ashepo river, in South Carolina, on the
26th of May, 1884; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the mining
board of Gilpin county, Colorado, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of any law affecting the
present status of mining claims in that Terri-
tory ; which was referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining. _ _
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of St. Croix valley, Minnesota, praying
that a grant of one hundred and sixty acres of
land may be made to Lemuel Bolles for his ser-
vices to the early settlers in that section ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Rev.
Henry T. Cheever and the deacons and pru-
dential committee of the Summer street chapel
church, of Worcester, Massachusetts, praying
Congress to grant justice to the colored popu-
lation of the country ; which was Referred to
the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. HOWE presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for a reduction of
the tax on the sale of agricultural implements;
which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. HOWE. I present a petition signed by
Stoddard Judd, and many other citizens of:
Wisconsin, praying that all banks who go into
liquidation and deposit lawful money of the
United States for the full amount of their out-
standing circulation with the banking depart-
ment of the State where located, according to |
the provisions of its State banking law, may be
treated in the same manner as though deposited
with the Treasurer of the United States, accord-
ing to the one hundred and tenth section of the
the internal revenue act, in regard to exempt-
ing from tax notes of banks ceasing to issue
notes for circulation. I move its reference to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, presented a petition of late
officers of the United States Army, praying that
officers promoted from the ranks may receive
the bounties provided by Congress for volun-
teers ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
M . WADE presenteda memorial of citizens
of Buffalo, New York, remonstrating against
the restoration of any State lately in rebellion
until adequate security hasbeen obtained against
a renewed attempt to secede, against any rep-
resentation in Congress beyond a just propor-
tion of voting population, against any payment
of the rebel debt or for emancipated slaves,
and against any distinction on account of color
or descent, and praying for such amendments
to the Constitution "as will enforce the forego-
ing provisions; which w^.s ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of VV yandt,
Putnam & Co., of Milton, Stark county, Ohio,
praying for a reduction of the taxes ^ on the
sales of agricultural implements; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE. I present a memorial, very
numerously signed by colored soldiers in the
department of the Mississippi, setting forth that
thev have faithfully served their country in the
Army, and assisted in defending the country
against its enemies, and praying for the right
of suffrage to be extended to them and to all
other colored persons. I ask the reference of
this memorial to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio give way to the Senator from
Delaware?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I simply wish to ask
the Senator from Ohio one question, and it is
in reference to a historic fact. He says the
petition he presents is from "colored" per-
sons. I want to know from him where he gets
the origin of the term ''colored," as applied
to the negro population. I am not much of a
student of history, sir. but yet sometimes I do
mouse about in that department 
Mr. WADE. What is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Delaware to pro-
pose to ask the Senator from Ohio a question,
and the Chair inquired if the Senator from Ohio
gave way.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The amiable Senator
from Ohio will answer my question. Where
does he get the ierm '• colored'.'"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will repeat the question to the Senator from
Ohio whether he gives way to the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. WADE. Igive way. I have nothing more.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I wish to ask the
Senator from Ohio where he gets the term
•' colored," as applied to the negro population
of the country?1 It is a term tliat has been
used frequently in this Chamber; it is^ upon
everybody's lips. Where does he get it? I
know that term is used in the history of the
West India islands : but the word " colored,"
as used in the history of San Domingo and
Ilayti, was applied to mulattoes, and never
applied to negroes. 1 am simply inquiring for
information of the Senator, when he applies the
term "colored" to negroes, the origin of the
term as applied to races. It is so frequently
used in this Chamber that I want the attention
of the country brought to that question, how
the term " colored" is used in reference to the
negro population.
The petition was referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 67) to increase and
fix the military peace establishment of the United
States be recommitted to the Committee oil Military
Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a petition of per-
sons engaged in running coal to market down
the Ohio river from Pittsburg, praying for an
appropriation for the improvement of the Ohio
river between Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and
Buffington Island, West Virginia, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same.committee,^ to whom
were referred a petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, and a petition of citizens of Ohio, pray-
ing for an amendment of the act requiring the
enrollment of boats, barges, scows, &c., as will"
exempt from its provisions all eoal-boats, coal-
barges. and coal-fiats, which are used exclu-
sively for running coal to market, and are not
used for any other purpose whatever, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion, and that they bo referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce ; which was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill ^H. Ii. No. 61) to establish certain post
roads, reported them with further amendments.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 20) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the States of Missouri and Arkansas to the Pa-
cific coast, by the southern route, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom the sub-
ject was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 138)
to increase and fix the military peace establish-
ment of the United States ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
SECURITY OF RIGHTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The joint committee
to inquire into the condition of the Slates which
formed the so-called confederate States have
instructed mo to report a joint resolution pro-
posing an amendment tothe Constitution ol the
United States. I move that for the present it
lie upon the table, and be printed.
The joint resolution(S. R. No. 30) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the^ Uni-
ted States was read the first time by its title.
Mr. BROWN. Let it be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
read in full.
The joint resolution was read the second time
at length. It is as follows:
Rewired hp the Senate and_ House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the iol-
lowing ai tide be piopos-cd to the Legislature*^)! the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by threo
fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely:
Article —. The Congress shall have power to make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper to .secure
to the citizens of each State all privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in the several States; and to an per-
sons in the several States equal protection in the rights
of life, liberty, and property.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
message from tiie iiorse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiehson", its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. R. No. 122) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th
June, 1867 ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIOSED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. GOl to amend an act enti-
tled u An act to establish a Bureau for the Relief
of Freodmcn and Refugees," and for other pur-
poses ; which was thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
