1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
2831
Mr. MORRILL. Before the words "shall
be liable to a penalty of not less than fifty nor
more than five hundred dollars,'' I move to
insert the words ': or falsely or fraudulently
stamped, branded, or marked, such person/'
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
■words "belonging to such offender," and "be-
longing to said offenders/' before the words
"shall be forfeited to the United States."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words "and one half of said penalty, forfeit-
ure, and fine, to be ascertained by judgment
of court, shall go to the informer," at the end
of the section.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out "and"
and insert "or" before the words "and im-
prisonment for not less than six months;'' and
also to insert after the words six months"
the words "or both such fine and imprison-
ment."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move to insert after the
last amendment the words "at the discretion
of the court."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the
words "uncanceled or unerased" after the
words " or envelope still bearing." I suppose
this provision was meant to prevent the sale
of packages the contents of which have been
sold. Now, a package before the contents
have been sold may have a canceled or erased
stamp upon it; or after the contents have been
sold the stamp may be on it canceled. The
fact that the stamp is canccled or uncanceled
will not affect the question of the sale of the
contents ; because, as I take it, the cancella-
tion is while the package is full, and without
being emptied it passes from the custody of the
reveuue officers. The cancellation must be
made while the package is full. Hence, if we
allow the package to be sold with a canceled
stamp upon it, it can be filled again, and there
is no means on the part of the officers to detect it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
there is weight in the suggestion of the gen-
tleman. I move, as an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out from the paragraph
the words: "still bearing uncanceled or un-
erased said stamp, brand, or mark, and."
Mr. LYNCH. I think that striking out the
words "uncanceled or unerased" would an-
swer every purpose.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
. The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That where any
■whisky, oil, tobacco, or other articles of manufacture
or produce, requiring brands, stamps, or marks of
■whatever kind to be placed thereon, shall bo sold
upon distraint, forfeiture, or other process provided
by law, the same not having been branded, stamped,
or marked as required by law, the officer selling the
same shall, upon sale thereof, fix or cause to be
affixed the brands, stamps, or marks so required,
and deduct the expense thereof from the proceeds
of such sale.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec.20. And he it farther enacted, That manual labor
schools and colleges shall not be required to pay a
manufacturer's or special tax while the proceeds of
the labor of such institutions are applied^ exclusively
to the support and maintenance of such institutions.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That no suit shall
be brought against any collector of customs or of
Internal revenue for any duty, license, special tax,
or tax paid, unless such suit is brought within six
months from the passage of this act, or within six
months after the payment of such duty or tax.
No. amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted. That section
fifteen of the act of March 3,1865, entitled 'An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,' approved
June 30,1864," be amended by striking out all after
the enacting clause and inserting in lieu thereof the
following: that in any port of the United States in
which there is more than one collector of internal
revenue, the Secretary of the Treasury shall desig-
nate one of said collcctors to have charge of all mat-
ters relating to the exportation of articles subject to
tax under the laws to provideinternal revenue; and
at such ports as the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem it necessary there shall be an officer appointed
by him to superintend all matters of exportation and
drawback, under the direction ot tho collector, whose
compensation thereforshall be prescribed bytheSec-
retary of the Treasury, but shall not exceed, in any
case, an annual rate of $2,000, excepting at !New
York, where tho compensation shall be an annual
rat*of $3,000; and such compensation, together with
the office expenses of such superintendence, shall not
be included in the maximum of the aggregate ex-
penses of the office of said collector. And all the
books, papers, and documents in the bureau of draw-
back in the respective ports, relating to the draw-
back of duties paid under the internal revenue laws,
shall bo delivered to said collector of internal rev-
enue; and any collector of internal revenue, or
superintendent of exports and drawbacks, shall have
authority to administer such oaths and certify to
such papers as may be neccssary under" any rules
and regulations that may be prescribed under tho
authority herein conferred.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. AVhenthe
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer]
made the other day a motion in regard to the
warehouses at a port of entry where* there is
more than one collector, I told him that I
thought the bill already contained a provision
of that kind. I find, however, that this section
does not quite cover what is desired, and I wish
to propose an amendment to include what is
wanted in this section, as this relates to the
same subject. I move to amend, therefore, by
inserting at the beginning of the eleventh line
the words "all bonded warehouses and}" so
that the clause will read;
The Secretary of the Treasury shall designate one
of said collectors to have charge of all bonded ware-
houses and all matters relating to the exportation
of articles subject to tax under the laws to provide
internal revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting before the word
uexportation," in the same line, the words
"storage or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the word ((shall," in
the same line, and inserting in lieu thereof the
word a may."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. This provision as now
amended covers all the ground of the former
amendment. I hope, therefore, that by unan-
imous consent the previous amendment will be
strickcn out.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that will be done.
The CHA1JRMA N. If there be no objection
that change will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out from lines twenty to twenty-three the
following:
And such compensation, together with the office
expenses of such superintendence, shall not be in-
cluded in the maximum of the aggregate expenses
of the officc of said collector.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows ;
Sec. 23. And be it further cnacted, That every per-
son,firm, or corpora tion,whodistillsorraanufactures
spirits, or who brews or makes mash, wort, or wash,
for distillation or the production of spirit, shall be
deemed a distiller, undei this act.^ And the making
or keeping by any person of grain, mash, wash, or
beer, prepared or lit for distillation, together with the
possession by such person of a still or other appara-
tus capable of use for distilling, updn thesame prom-
ises, shall be deemed and taken as presumptive evi-
dence that such person is a distiller within the
meaning of this act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son, firm, or corporation, who rectifies, purifies, or
refines distilled spirits or wines by any process, or
who, by mixing distilled spirits or wine with any ma-
terials, manufactures any spurious, imitation, or com-
pound liquors for sale, under the name of whisky,
brandy, gin, rum, wine, "spirits," or "wine bitters,'"
or any other name, shall be regarded as a rectifier
under this act.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Speaker resumed the chair, and
the House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past, seven
o'clock p. m.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forn'et,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 294) entitled "An act for
the relief of John Gordon," in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed joint resolution (H. R. No.
184) relative to appointments in the Military
Academy of the United States, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
tax bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules bo
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole 011 the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 80, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 25. A nd be it further enacted, That if any per-
son or persons shall carry on any business of distill-
ing or rectifying without having paid the special tax
as required by law, he or they shall, for every such
offense, besides being liable to the payment of the
tax upon the spirits distilled, also be liable to a pen-
alty of one hundred per cent, in addition thereto, to
be assessed by the assessor, and shall each besubject,
upon conviction", to imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding two years; and upon sufficient information
of such offense, the collector, deputy collector, or
other authorized officcr of the district in which the
same shall be alleged to have been committed, may
enter upon the premises of the person or persons by
whom such offense is alleged to have been commit-
ted, using such force as may be necessary for that pur-
pose, and may seize all spirits or spirituous liquors,
and all materials for making orpreparing the same
respectively, and all vessels and utensils containing
the same, and all stills or other apparatus capable
of being used for distilling, and may hold the same.
And the said collector, upon the assessment afore-
said having been made, and upon the conviction of
the said person or persons, shall sell such stills, ap-
paratus, and other materials, vessels, utensils, and
liquors so seized, and shall apply the proceeds in
satisfaction of such assessment, and of the line, if
imposed; and the said assessment and fine, or such
part thereof as shall not have been so satisfied, shall,
until paid, be a lien in favor of the United States,
from and after the time when such assessment is
made, or such fine laid, upon all property and rights
to property of the person by whom such offense shali
have been committed, and upon his interest in th©
lands and premises in which it shall have been com-
mitted, and upon all his property therein, and such
lien may be enforced by levy and distraint by said
collector, or by tuit in rem; and when the personal
property found shall not be sufficient to satisfy the
same, such lands and premises may be seized, and
upon the decree of the court the interest aforesaid
sold, and proceeds applied in payment thereof. And
the person or persons furnishing the information
upon which such seizure shall have been made, or
the officer who made such seizure, if having acted
upon information obtained by himself, shall, upon
the order of the Secretary of the Treasury, reeeira
such part and in such proportions of a moiety of the
said one hundred per cent, assessed penalty, and of
a moiety of tho said fine when recovered, as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall determine.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Task that,
by unanimous consent, the committee go back
to the eighteenth section and amend it by strik-
ing out in the fourth line the words 11 which
has been,"
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2G. And be it further enacted. That every per-
son, firm, or corporation, required to pay a special
tax as a distiller, or as a rectifier, shall make and
sign a notice in writing to the assessor of thy aistrict,
stating the namo or style under which, the nam© or
names and the place or places of residence ot the
person or persons by whom, and the place where, the
business is to be carried on, and its nature. If the
business is that of a distiller, the notice shall also
state the kind of stills or boilers to be used, the capa-
city of each, the name or names of the owner or own-
ers of the land or premises on which the distillery is
situated, and the nature of the title by which such
