1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
Laics of the United States.
39th Cons....1st Sess.
ture of the State of Illinois, approved eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, or any other bridge
company organized under the laws of Missouri
and Illinois, be, and the same is hereby, em-
powered to erect, maintain, and operate a bridge
across the Mississippi river, between the city
of Saint Louis, in the State of Missouri, and
the city of East Saint Louis, in the State of
Illinois, subject to all the conditions contained
in said act-of incorporation and amendments
thereto, and not inconsistent with the follow-
ing terms and provisions contained in this act.
And in case of any litigation arising from any
obstruction or alleged obstruction to the free
navigation of said waters, the cause may be
tried before the district court of the United
States of any State in which any portion of
said obstruction or bridge touches.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
bridge authorized by the preceding section to
be built shall not be a suspension bridge, or
drawbridge, with pivot or other form of draw,
but shall be constructed with continuous or
unbroken spans, and subject to these condi-
tions : First, that the lowest part of the bridge
or bottom chord shall not be less than fifty feet
above the city directrix at its greatest span.
Second, that it shall have at least one span five
hundred feet in the clear, or two spans of three
hundred and fifty feet in the clear of abutments.
If the two latter spans be used, the one over
the main steamboat channel shall be fifty feet
above the city directrix, measured to the low-
est part of the bridge at the center of the span.
Third, no span over the water at low water
mark, shall be less than two hundred feet in
the clear of abutments.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
right to alter or amend this act, so as to pre-
vent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation of said river by the construction of
bridges, is hereby expressly reserved.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
expedient, and for no other purpose what-
ever.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXLYII.—An Act to authorize W. J.
Sibley and others, Trustees, to sell and con-
vey Lot Number Nine, in Square Number
Seventy-Six, in the City of Washington.
AVhereas lot number nine, in said square
number seventy-six, in the said city of Wash-
ington, was conveyed by J. H. M'Blair to W.
J. Sibley, Ro. Ricketts, R. WT. Bates, R. L.
Sanders, Benjamin M'Coy, and G. Spoarder,
in trust, to erect thereon a place of worship
for the use of the people of color, members of
the Methodist Episcopal church in the United
States; Mid whereas the said trustees have not
had the means of erecting such church, and
the purpose has been abandoned, and another
church, called the Asbury chapel, has been
erected in or near the neighborhood of the said
lot, which the said trustees desire to sell, and
apply the proceeds to the benefit of the con-
gregation worshiping in said Asbury chapel,
a purpose which the said J. H. M'Blair, as far
as he had any interest therein, has approved
by his subsequent deed made to the said trust-
ees: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said W. J. Sib-
ley, Ro. Ricketts, R. W. Bates, R. L. Sanders,
Beniamin M'Coy, and G. Spoarder, trustees
of the said lot above mentioned, or the sur-
vivors of them, be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized and empowered to sell and convey the
said lot number nine, in square number seventy-
six, in the said city of Washington, for such
price as they shall think proper, or to conhrm
and carry out any contract for sale already
made by them with any person, and to convey
the same accordingly, freed and discharged ot
the trust upoii which the same was originally
convey ed to them, and to apply the proceeds
of sale to the benefit of the congregation wor-
shiping in the said Asbury chapel, as Ufi
proper and legal authority thereof may deem
Chab. CCXLVIII.—An Act providing for the
Appointment of a Commission to examine
and report upon certain Claims of the State
of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he hereby is, authorized
and required to appoint a commissioner, whoso
duty it shall be to examine and report on or
before the first day of December next upon the
claim of the State of Iowa for forage, transpor-
tation, subsistence, and clothing furnished by
said State to certain volunteers of said State.,
who, under the command of Colonels Morledge
and Edwards, and at the request of certain
officers commanding troops of the United Stales
in the State of Missouri, marched into the State
of Missouri to cooperate with the troops of the
United States in that State in suppressing the
rebellion. Also the claim of the State of Iowa
for repayment of certain moneys paid by said
State in raising, arming, equipping, paying,
and subsisting certain troops of the State main-
tained by the State on the southern and north-
western borders thereof during the lato rebel-
lion, for the purpose of defending the State
against attacks by bushwhackers and Indians.
And also the claim of said State for compen-
sation for certain forage procured and barracks
built by the State on the northwestern border
thereof, and turned over by the State to and
used by the United States.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXLIX.—An Act to incorporate "The
National Soldiers' and Sailors' - Orphan
Home."
Beit enacted by the Senate and House ofRep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled. That Mrs. Julia 13. Grant.
Mrs. Ellen E. Sherman, Mrs. H. D. Cooke,
Mrs. Margaret Fahnestock, Mrs. Kathleen Car-
lisle, Miss Charlotte Taylor, Mrs. Jane Speed,
Mrs. Mary J. Wells, Mrs. A. C. Harlan, Mrs.
Jane L. Smith, Mrs. Mary K. Lewis, Mrs. Jane
Karnham, Mrs. Eliza M. Morris. Mrs. Cecelia
S. Sherman. Mrs. Ellen Boyer, Mrs. Elizabeth
A. Howard, Mrs. Kate C. Sprague, Mrs. Elsie
B. Nye, Mrs. Annie Rouse, Mrs. Kate L.
Plants, Mrs. Elizabeth G. Todd, Mrs. Abby E.
Hall, Mrs. J. M. Trumbull, Miss Sarah Wood,
Mrs. Jane Anne Pirtle, Miss Elizabeth Howard,
and their successors, are constituted a body
corporate in the District of Columbia, by the
name of the National Soldiers' and Sailors
Orphan Home, and by that name may sue and
be sued in any court of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactedThat the
persons named in the first section of this act,
together with such as may be elected according
to the form of the constitution under this act,
shall be the first trustees of the corporation;
and all vacancies caused by death, resignation,
or otherwise, in the office of trustee, shall be
filled by the board, by ballot, without unneces-
sary delay, as may be provided in the constitu-
tion and by-laws of the corporation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation shall have power to provide a home
for, and to support and cducate the destitute
orphans of soldiers or sailors who have died
in the late war in behalf of the Union of these
States, from whatever State or rl erritory they
may have entered the national service, or their
orphans mav apply to enter the Home, ana
which is hereby declared to bo the object and
purpose of said corporation; and to such end,
and for such use, the said corporation may take
and hold property real or personal to an amount
necessary for the support and maintenance ot
the Home and the orphans partaking of its
benefits.
Sec. 4. And be it-further .enacted, That the
affairs of this corporation shall be managed by
a board of directors consisting of not less than
seventeen representing the District of Colum-
bia, and of seven each, from the respective
States and Territories, to be chosen in such
manner as the constitution and by-laws of said
corporation shall direct, and that the said di-
rectors shall have power to make by-laws pre-
scribing the duties of the officers of said cor-
poration, tlieir term of office, and to make all
other rules and regulations for said corporation
and the management of its affairs, subject to
the provisions of this act.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation shall have power to receive under
its charge for support and education any minor
child of any such soldier or sailor, if so placed-
in its charge by its surviving parent or guard-
ian, or, in the absence of either, by any per-
son having the care or custody of such orphan;
and while such child remains under its care,
and until withdrawn as hereinafter provided,
or discharged according to the regulations of
said corporation, it shall be subject, to the same
power and control by said corporation as any
father or lawful guardian has by law over or
relating to such minor child.
Sec. (>. And be it further cnaeted, That no
such orphan child shall ever be bound out by
said corporation.
Sec. 7. And be if, further enacted, That the
surviving parent or legal gnardian of any child
placed under charge of said corporation may
at any time be by them withdrawn therefrom ;
and any minor over sixteen years of age. upon
his or her own request in writing, shall be dis-
charged therefrom.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
any minor child so withdrawn or discharged
as provided in the preceding section of this
act shall nevertheless continue until majority
under charge of said corporation to such an ex-
tent as that the said corporation shall have the
control and management of any money; *vi icli
may be due to such minor from the Govern-
ment of the United States by virtue of the. ser-
vices of the fathers of such minor children,
paying to such minor child or children only
such amount thereof as in the judgment of said
corporation shall be necessary and beneficial
for such minor.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the
property of said corporation, held or occupied
by them for the uses and purposes of their in-
corporation, shall bo exempt from all taxes to be
levied under the authority of the Congress of
the United States, or any municipal corpora-
tion within the District of Columbia, and no
person shall lose or acquire a legal settlement-
by residence in the Home to be established by
said corporation.
Sec. 10. And be it f urther enacted, I hat
Congress may at any time hereafter repeal,
alter, or amend this act.
Approved, July 25, 1860.
Ciivp CCL.—An Act to amend ''An Act to
extend the Charter of the Alexandria and
Washington Railroad," passed March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilmise ofRep-
resentatives of the Ignited Stales; of A mericain
Congress assembled, That the u aslnngton, Al-
exandria. and Georgetown Railroad Company,
a corporation lawfully succeeding to the char-
ter. rights, and privileges of the ••Alexandria
and Washington Railroad Company, ' be, and
the same is hereby, authorized to extend said
railroad from the track, as the same is now, or
may hereafter be, laid through Maryland ave-
nue. at its intersection with\irgima avenue,
through and along said Virginia avenue, m an
easterly direction, to its intersection with 1J
street south; thenee along D street,and across
the Washington canal, to New Jersey avenue;
thenee by a curve to the left, of not less than
