L866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3791
the Senate to decide upon the elections of its
members.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator ques-
tion the authority of Congress to decide whether
a State has a Legislature loyal to the Union
and with authority to be represented ? That
is the question.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not the ques-
tion that the Senator suggested. I said that I
was in favor of admitting to this floor any man
who could take this oath truly who came au-
thorized by competent authority. The Senate,
under the Constitution of the United States,
may decide whether he comes from competent
authority. That is my answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then do I understand
the Senator—and I want to keep him to the
point; I am not talking about the Senate's
authority to decide upon the elections, quali-
fications, and returns of its own members—I
want to know of that Senator if he denies the
authority of the sovereign power of this na-
tion, the Congress of the United States, not
the Senate, but the Congress of the United
States, to determine whether the body claim-
ing to be competent to elect Senators is the
legislative authority of a State or not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not the question
which I discussed, and to which the Senator
is replying ; but I will say this, that the Con-
stitution of the United States having conferred
upon the Senate the exclusive power of judg-
ing of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members, it is not for Congress to
decide any one of those questions, but for the
Senate exclusively.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is reasoning around
a circle. The Senator repeats over the Consti-
tution, which says the Senate of the United
States has authority to determine upon the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its
members. We all know that. That is not
the question I put. I have not been able to
get a satisfactory answer from the Senator
from Indiana as to whether he denies the
power of Congress to determine whether a
State is in rebellion against this Union or not.
Sir, I hold that the power is in Congress to
declare war; that the power is in Congress to
provide for raising armies, to put down insur-
rection and rebellion, and nowhere else but in
Congress; and that it is for Congress to de-
termine whether the body of men assembled
in Columbia, South Carolina, and undertaking
to make war against the United States, is a
competent authority to elect Senators or do
any other act whatever. I hold that it is com-
petent under a law of Congress, and not by
any action of the Senate, to send our armiesto
disperse any such hostile body, called a Legis-
lature, in South Carolina, Indiana, Illinois, or
anywhere else. If a body of men assemble
in Springfield, in my State, claiming to be
the Legislature of that State, and proceed to
organize troops, to set at defiancethe author-
ity of the Government of the United States,
swear its members to disregard the Constitu-
tion of the United States, trample upon the
flag of the United States, despise its laws and
its officers, repudiate both, I say it is for Con-
gress, not only to prevent such a body sending
Senators here, but, if necessary, to shoot them
upon the battle-field or hang them upon the
gallows for their treason. Does the Senator
deny the power of Congress to do all this?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, if the
Senator claims to be answering any remarks
that I had the honor to submit to the Senate,
he may ask me any question growing out of
them : but he has no right to go into the dis-
cussion of another subject and propound ques-
tions to me to answer in a few words in the
midst of his speech. Now, I understand the
question that he asks to be aboutthis: whether,
if there be a rebellion or an insurrection in any
of the States, Congress has power to authorize
the putting down of that insurrection or rebel-
lion. I have no question of that. I never
doubted that. There was nothing in my re-
marks that suggested a doubt of that. _ I have
been talking about the country as it is. 1 he
war is over; there is no insurrection anywhere;
and it is not true to history or to fact to say
that there is a war. There is no rebellion
North or South. Certain Legislatures have
assembled in the southern States. They have
elected men as Senators. They come here
and present their credentials. I say it is ex-
clusively for the Senate to decide upon their
credentials; and the Constitution having given
that power to the Senate, it is not for the House
to participate in the decision of that question.
As to what shall be done in a state of war,
whether we shall put down an insurrection,
that is another question. Of the power of the
Government to put down an insurrection I
have no doubt. It is expressly provided for
in the Constitution. But the question that I
discussed was the right of a man to take his
seat when he came here with all the qualifica-
tions prescribed by the Constitution and the
law in a time of peace, as we now have it; and
the Senator upon that question cannot argue
it as if we were in the midst of a state of war.
What a State may do in the midst of war is
another question. Thank God, sir, we have
passed the point of war more than one year ;
and for one long year this country has anx-
iously hoped for a complete return of all the
States to their practical relations to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood what the
Senator from Indiana was arguing. It is no
uncommon thing for advocates at the bar to
avoid an issue and attempt to get up another
one. He commenced this discussion by saying
that the southern States were not represented
here and insisting they were kept out of repre-
sentation ; and now he wants to go off into a
discussion of the right of the Senate to de-
termine upon the elections, qualifications, and
returns of its own members. We shall have
no difficulty about that point when there is
anybody authorized to elect members ; he and
I will both agree. When you find' some con-
stituency competent to elect members the Sen-
ate wiil determine whether the persons they
send here possess the requisite qualifications
and were duly elected; and we shall have no
difficulty about the qualifications, elections,
and returns of the persons. But, sir, I deny
that that clause of the Constitution lias any
application to the admission of Senators here
from the Canadian Provinces, from the em-
pire of Mexico or the empire of Japan. When
Congress has declared the empire of Mexico
a State of this Union, and recognized it as one
of the States entitled to representation, then it
will be for the Senate to pass upon the elec-
tions, qualifications, and returns of persons sent
here from that Mexican State ; but it is not for
the Senate to decide whether the empire of
Mexico is entitled to representation or not. I
do not choose to follow the Senator from In-
diana off after any ignis fatuus light that he
may set up, to hang out false colors and raise
false issues to the country. There is no issue
between the Senator and my#elf as to the au-
thority of the Senate to pass upon the elec-
tions, qualifications, and returns of its mem-
bers, aud never has been. It lies behind it,
and it is there I wish to bring the Senator from
Indiana, and there he is not willing to go.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
allow me, upon his last illustration, as that is
purely original in the present debate, though
I heard it suggested some time ago in the
course of another debate, I do not question
that it is for the Congress of the United States
to admit States, and until States have their re-
lations to the Federal Government, either by
the original formation of the Government or
by an act of Congress, no distant community
would have any right of representation in this
body; but when the relation of a State has
been fixed by the original formation of the
Government which admitted into the Union
the thirteen States, or by the acts of Congress
admitting all the States that have come in
since, when the relation of the State is fixed
and it is in the Union, is it not for the Senate
exclusively to decide upon the elections and
qualifications of its members ? Can the House
of Representatives participate in the decision
of the question whether a Legislature is prop-
erly constituted to elect a Senator, or whether
that Legislature being so constituted proceeds
with sufficient regularity to elect a Senator? Is
not that question exclusively with the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says that
when the relation of a State has been fixed
as a State in the Union, then the question is
exclusively for the Senate to determine.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator ft-om Illinois will
allow me to interrupt him for a moment, I
insist upon it that it is hardly fair for him to
push the Senator from Indiana any further at
this time before he has got settled in his new
political associations. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana assumes now—and I am willing to take up
his position where he left it—that a State hav-
ing its relations established with the Union, it
is then for the Senate to determine for itself
ever afterward, as I understand him, whether
it is entitled to representation here. A mo-
ment ago when I pressed him on that point and
wanted to know if when flagrant war existed
the Legislature of South Carolina had a right
to send members here, what was liis answer?
"I am not talking about war; I am talking
about a time of peace." Now, the State of
South Carolina once had relations established
with this Union; she had once authority to be
represented here. Does the Senator from In-
diana, then, mean to assert that when flagrant
war existed, when the Legislature ofSouth Car-
olina passed an ordinance of secession declar
ing her relations with this Union dissolved,
when she required an oath from every officer
of that State in hostility to this Union and in
favor of a government set up in hostility to it:
I should like to know if the Senator from Indi-
ana means to say that at that time she was
entitled to representation here, when the au-
thority of the Government was not recognized
upon a single foot of her soil ? Does he mean
to say that she was entitled to representation
here then ? If uot, there was a time she was
not entitled to be represented. If there was
such a time, when, under the authority of Con-
gress, the President of the United States de-
clared the people of that State to be in insur-
rection and rebellion against the Government,
if at that time a people at war with this Gov-
ernment were not entitled to representation,
will he tell me how they became entitled to it?
Where is the authority to judge whether they
have become entitled to representation except
the same authority which declared them in re-
bellion against the Union? Is there any other?
Does the Senator in his admiration or in his
zeal for the new affiliations which he has formed,
mean to contend that the President of the Uni-
ted States has any authority to determine what
is the Legislature of a State? Has the Presi-
dent of the United States any authority to in-
terfere with the Legislature of a State ? When
the Senator proclaimed peace throughout this
land, when he said that the Union was restored
and all was quiet, had he looked into the morn-
ing papers he would have seen an order issued
by authority of the Lieutenant General demand-
ing the armies all through the South to inter-
fere in civil suits for the protection of the citi-
zen. Docs that look like peace there? Has
the Army any authority to interfere with the
citizen in time of peace? The morning papers
contain an order issued from the Adjutant
General's office, and of course by authority
of the President, establishing military author-
ity all over the rebellious States. They are
at peace, are they? Is not the habeas corpus
suspended throughout these rebellious States?
Is it not suspended in Texas to-day? I have
seen no evidence of its restoration.
Now, sir, it is for Congress to determine, not
the President of the United States. He lias no
authority to organize Legislatures. He has no
authority to say who shall be a probate judge
in Mobile in time of peace. He has no author-
ity to say who shall hold an office in Norfolk
in time of peace; and yet all these things have
