808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
further, that the same capital engaged in bank-
ing has produced twofold that of the best
manufacturing dividends in this country. _ In
respect to the dividends from manufacturing,
I desire to state that the dividends that have
been declared were declared upon a 1 educed
capital. In nine cases out of ten the manu-
facturing establishments that have given such
enormous profits had been sold, many of them
had become bankrupt, piior to the war, and
they had been capitalized at one half, and in
many cases one fourth, of their original capital.
The consequences are plain, that if they made
anything at all, they would make larger divi-
dends than was ever known in the history of
the companies.
We are told by those who advocate this bill
that it is desired to introduce through this ware-
house system goods that they may be conven-
ient for reexportation, that they be at hand
in bulk in order that they may bo sent to for-
eign ports. Let us look at it. Out of the
$234,000,000 of goods imported into the coun-
try during the past year, but $10,000,000 were
reexported. I know within my own circle of
half a dozen interests, each one'as large as that,
carried on for thebenelitof the people in whose
location they exist, For (he sake of that
$10,000,000 reexported, it is proposed to in-
troduce and continue a system which has its
influence over every portion of the industrial
system and interest of this country, whi ch affects
all our people, east, west, north, and south. For
western gentlemen to say that they desire to
have a market, not alone in their own country,
but a market in their own country and in foreign
countries, too, is not sensible and i° not wai-
ranted by the facts and situation of the case.
It is impossible for you to ship your corn or
your wheat to any extent to France or to Eng-
land. To-day the price of wheat in France is
one dollar a bushel: in England til 0'.!. If you
arc willing to sell your wheat for eighty cents,
they will sell it for seventy-live cents. The
people engaged in those countries in that oc-
cupation must live by it. and if they cannot live
by it at a high piiee, they w>ll live by it at, a
lower price ; so that the agricultural interests
of this country must depend for their success
upon the markets which we have within our
own limits and upon our border.
Sir, J shall he satisfied, and I think it will
satisfy everybody, if the duties are paid when
the foreign goods areenkivd for consumption,
and that is no new idea, in the fir.-t tai iff that
the Congress of the united States under the
Confederation submitted to the people, five per
cent, was assessed upon all articles imported,
to be paid at the time and place of importation.
This new-fangled notion, this compromise be-
tween our own and foreign systems of indust ry,
had not then gained force. The measure that
is now endeavored to be perpetuated upon the
industry of the country is one of tin same sjn-
tem and plans thai jiuiduceil the monopoly of
slavery upon your poiiiital system. For yea's
you gave libeity some strength and slavery
some strength, and you continued to keep them
about even until you know the result, "i on
have hoo a policy of tariff and a policy of free
trade ingrafted upon your industrial system.
You nmsr accept one or the oilier. Oncorthe
other of those systems must prevail or both
will be destroyed to the extent of die destruc-
tion of prosperity.
Now. - ir. v So are benefited by the- fore\m
connection that is sought to lie siren," thened
by this measure? One half' your importers
are loreigners who come here to make money
and then return to their own country. More
than three fourths of your shipping, bringing
foreign commodities to this country, is owned
by foreigners. It is certainly not for the inter-
est of Congress to pass measures that may be
beneficial to "anybody except our own people.
I was pained the other day to see a measure
brought into Congress and passed in regard to
the shipping interest, and 1 was happv indeed
to record my vote against it. I did not expect
that an interest would war upon itself; but a
bill was introduced and passed here by which a
thousand ships were disfranchised and rendered
out of the pale of American protection under
the idea that,because during the war they had ac-
cepted the protection which another flag would
give them m consequence of our inability to
protect them, they must be disfranchised. That
was not the real idea at the bottom of the meas-
ure. The idea was simply that there should
be less competition in the shipping interest of
the country: that a thousand ships should be
withdrawn from the competition in that busi-
ness. The consuming interest of this country
must take heed, that if one half of the ship-
ping engaged in the carrying trade is driven
away from that trade the other half will de-
mand and receive double the amount of freight
money that they ever received while the com-
petition was existing. If they are to receive
double the amount of freight money, who pays
it but the people of the United States ? Is it
not pretty evident that the idea endeavored to
be brought about was to kill off all that you
can in order that those who survive may have
the held, and glory in the result when tlipy are
relieved from competition? A proposition of
that sort was submitted to me in J 857. A
wealthy capitalist engaged in trade said to me,
" I will engage with you to keep off the suspen-
sion of specie payments ; we can cause most
of the smaller men engaged in the trade to fail,
and then we will occupy the ground ourselves.1'
lu answer to that proposition I informed the
gentleman that I preferred to live among the
people that were most prosperous ; that it was
politic, as well as right and just, that others
should live if you live. My experience is that
it is far better to do business with and to legis-
late for a people'and among a people that are
prosperous, happy, and enjoy life, liberty, and
happiness, than it is among a people who
occupy the reverse position.
Mr. President, if 1 can ever see the time when
the New England system of industry becomes
the system of every State in the Union, it will
be the happiest day of my life; and whatever
aid it may be in my power to give, I shall
always be ready to extend, and to devote my
time and attention to that purpose. I desire
that, because I desire to extend the prosperity
of my own State and section, and to introduce
ihat prosperity into every other State of this
Union. 1 knowthe benefit that it confers upon
the people in whose limits those interests are
carried on and protected. I know that every
intc-i est of that people is made better, that their
moral0, their religion, their education, their
desire to occupy higher grounds and positions
in life, everything that goes to ennoble men and
women receives a start from those industrial
occupations; and it is because of that reason,
among others, that I would, if it was in my
power, push every manufacturing and mechan-
ical iuteieit of New England into the western
and middle States that they might enjoy the
benefit- and the strength which those States
are receiving to-day. I desire that New Eng-
land should introduce into her system occupa-
tions and businesses that would produce the
b-'J 1,000.000 of goods that are now brought
into this country from abi oad. There are fields
enough for a thousand New Englands. if prop-
erly directed, within this country. If the money
which is now permitted to leave our borders
were retained in the United States, there is
business enon?!) for a thousand New Englands
in the production of article? the production of
which is not now known to our country.
If in the State of my honored friend from
Iowa., [Mr. Chimes,] engaged in the produc-
tion of corn and wheat, the people coulddivide,
and one half be occupied with some other pur-
suit that was profitable, it is reasonable and
ea«y for him to calculate thjt there would be
bat hall'the amount of corn and wheat produced
and the same amount of months to feed, and,
of necessity, the result would be either to in-
crease tin' price cr to afford opportunities to
increase the product, and if his people obtained
the same percuurufl-e of profit upon half the
product that they did before upon the whole,
they would ®Uain benefits in proportion. In
other words, as often as you can divide the
occupations of the people you increase the
advantages of each one of their interests. The
great idea of other countries, which has made
them so successful, (especially in France and
in England,) has been that tbev have not run
off upon leading interests so that they have
overdone them and have destroyed them. It
must become a settled policy with this country
that the raw material must remain here. If
they are willing in the future, as they have been
in the past, that their lands shall be exhausted
for the benefit of other nations I shall be dis-
appointed. Take Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, as examples for the southern
States, and Ohio and other States as illustra-
tions for the western States. There is not a
Senator or anybody here who will say that their
productive capacity is as great as it was twenty
years ago. You have exhausted your lands for
the benefit of other Governments and other peo-
ples. Why, sir, the policy of free trade, which
it has been endeavored to foist upon the people,
has not one element of fact in it as regards the
Government of Great Britain or of France.
The PRESIDENT jt>ro tempore. The mora- •
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order, being
House joint resolution No. 51, upon which the
Senator from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will be permitted to finish his
argument. The bill which he has moved to re-
consider has passed both Houses of Congress;
it has been before us now <jji three several days,
and I think it is quite important that the ques-
tion should be disposed of, and perhaps it is
better to finish it at this time. There cannot
be much further discussion. After the Sen-
ator's argument, I hope there will be a vote
this morning.
Mr. MORRILL. Let the special order be
laid aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from New York
to move to postpone the special order?
Mr. MO URIEL. I should hope that the
special order would by common consent be
laid aside while we take a vote on the pending
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is sug-
gested that the special order for this hour, on
which the Senator from Missouri is entitled to
the floor, be laid aside by common consent to
enable the Senator from Rhode Island to finish
his remarks. Is there any objection to that
course? No objection being made, the special
order will be laid aside, and the Senator from
Rhode Island will proceed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 object to the bill on every
consideration which has been presented by those
who favor it. I can see no reason why this
measure should prevail. I object to it on the
ground that I stated in the beginning, that it
did not come before the Senate properly: that
it was sent to a committee that never had
entertained jurisdiction of this subject before.
It is not a commercial question ; it is a question
of revenue affecting the industry of this coun-
try, of every part of it. It is controlled, it re-
ceives its power from a few men who live and
who prosper in the great commercial metrop-
olis of the country, and it wilhoperate on the
industrial interests of the country as a rudder
operates to bring a ship to or to direct its course.
I object to it because it is a class interest; a
fewpeople obtain advantages from it, and among
the few are those who have been enemies ot
the country, those whose interests are in foreign
countries. I object to it because it is a hotbed
that produces speculation, enabling parties to
carry their goods to any time within the law in
order to create a demand, and when that de-
mand has been created, to reap the rewards of
the speculation.
I object to this whole system whereby the
Government become traders and lessors of
stores, of all the appurtenances of a commer-
cial house, rent warehouses and stores, fill
them, have storekeepers and have draymen and
drays, and have everything that a commercial
