1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1873
becomes a law; and I am unwilling to exchange
the one for the other.
But, in order that the bill may be perfected,
if possible, by its friends, to meet this objec-
tion, I am willing to vote for the reconsider^
ation.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I have uni-
formly supported the bill which was lost on its
final passage in this House some days ago, and
which vote it is now moved to reconsider. I
am in favor of the reconsideration, but I wish
to say to the House that if the vote be recon-
sidered I am resolved to vote, as I have hith-
erto done, for the bill on its passage.
I believe, oven with the defects suggested
by my friends on the other side, that the bill
as it now stands is the best insolvent act, the
best bankrupt law, to be found in the English
language, and I support it because I believe it
will supply a vacancy in the statute-book of
the United States which has for years been
required to bo filled.
1 rise for the purpose of saying that I do not
trust in this matter simply my own judgment,
but I have called to my aid the experience and
the wisdom of some of the most practical busi-
ness men in the United States. I have sub-
mitted this bill to the examination of those
men, and tlieyha\e reported it back lo me with
their judgment expressed that it ought to be
considered an act in favor of creditors rather
than of debtors.
And here I may remark that it appears to be
an objection with some gentlemen on this floor
that this bill offers involuntary provision in
bankruptcy; that is, that it brings into bank-
ruptcy and bankrupt measures men who have
fraudulently abstracted property from their
fellow-citizens, and become insolvent for the
purpose of committing frauds on others. This
class of men may be reached by this bill, and
if they have secreted their ill-gotten gains they
may be compelled to disgorge for the benefit of
the creditors. It was not so with the act of
1842, aljout which many people now feel so
sorely. That was called a bill of frauds, a bill
of abominations. This bill is not like thai.
This bill provides for all the deficiencies, for
all the defects of that bill.
I say, then, and T give credit exclusively to the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jksckes,J
though I have been on the same committee
with him in the last as well as in this Congress
on the subject of a bankrupt law, still I give
entire credit to the gentleman from Rhode
Island, to his untiring industry, for bringing
'forward the best bankrupt law ever put. into the
English language. And I say this House of
Representatives does not know what it rejects
when it rejects a measure compiled with so
much care, so much wisdom, and so much
legal acumen. I therefore ask the House, before
they vote against the reconsideration of this
measure, to weigh well the step they are about
to take.
Mr. BEAA1AN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 8o, nays 45, not voting
55 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, James M. A=hley,
Baldwin, Barker, Baxter, Boaman, Bersen, Bidwell,
Boutwcll, Bayer, Brandetree, Broomall, Bandy, Olian-
ler, Coffroth, Conklins.Cook. Dailim,', Dims, Dawes,
Doming, Denioon, Dixon, Domiellj, Bliot, I'arus-
woith Ferry, Hale, ltairis, Hart, Jloirnii. Holmes.
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey.
Jenckes Kasson. Kelley, Kcteham, Lafliii, Latham,
Lo Bond. Long-year, Marvin. McCulloch. Moorhead,
Moiris, Moulton, Newell, jS'iehol-on, Plants Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rico, John.11. Rice, Rogeis,
bridge," Upson, Van Acrnam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward Henrv D. Washburn. Williams, Stephen f.
Wilson. Window, and Wright-S3.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona. Delos R. Ashley, Baitei,
Benjamin, Bingham, Buokland, Cobb, Culluin, Daw-
noil, lildridge, Finck, Uailield. Glo.-ibrcmier, Good-
year, Aaron Harding, A bner C. Hardin;*, henderson,
B'JTH COKG. 1ST SESS.—No. 118.
Hill, James R. Hubbell, Kelso, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawience, Loan, McUluig, Mereur, Miller,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth,l'a ino, Peril am. Price, Samuel J.
linndiiU, William U. Randall, Hitter, Rollins, Saw-
yer, Schenek, Stevens, Stilwoll, Thornton, Elihu B.
Wushlnirne, William B. Washburn, Welker, and
James P. Wilson—Jo.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Banks,
Blaine, Blow, Bromwoll, Header W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Culver. Defrees, Delano, Dodge, Drisrgs, Du-
mont, Eckley, liggleston, Farqubar, Grider, Grinned,
Griswold, Ilayes, Higby, Hotehkiss, Chester 1). Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Kuykendall, Lynch,
Marshall, Marston. Melndoe, McKee, Mcltuer, Mor-
rill, Nibhick, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pome-
roy, Radford, Boss, Sliaiiklm, Sloan, Bitrt Van Horn,
Warner, Wentworth, Whaley, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—5a.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. INGEESOLL said: I am paired on all
questions connected with the bankrupt bill
with Mr. Pomuroy, of New York. If he were
hero ho would vote for the reconsideration,
while I should vote against it.
I wish to state further that Mr. PoMLTtovhas
been a friend of this measure both in this Con-
gress and the last. A few days previous to the
vole on the passage of the bill he came to me
and requested me to pair with him as he de-
sired to go home. 1 agreed to do so, but when
my name was called on the passage of the bill
I had forgotten all about my pair and voted.
I owe it to him as well as to myself to state
that I was paired at that time and ought not
to have voted. I make this statement in jus-
tice to him as showing to his constituents his
interest in this measure.
Mr. AlcKEE said: Mr. Phelps, of Mary-
land, has been called out to a meeting of a
committee of conference, and 1 have paired
with him. • lie would have voted "ay" on this
proposition and I would have voted "no."
Air. PIKE said: Upon this question I am
paired with my colleague,.Mr. Bi.aixk. 11* lie
were here he would vote against the reconsid-
eration and I would vote for it.
Mr. THAYER said: Air. Eria/KY was called
out of the House about an hour ago on very
important business, ami desired me to btate so
in case a vote was taken.
'The result of the vote havingbeen announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. BEAAIAN. Is the previous question
still pending?
The SPEAKER. Tt is not.
Mr. BEAM AN". Then 1 move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Air. GONKLING. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to allow me now to make a motion
to recommit the bill to the committee, and I
will ask that they have leave to report at any
time, or a motion can lie entered to reeonsidcr.
Air. BEAAIAN. I have myself personally no
objection to the recommittal of the bill if it is
satisfactory to the gentleman who has the bill
in charge. 1 f he desires me to withdraw the
previous question, I will do so, bill otherwise
I shall insist upon it.
Air. CONKLING. Do T understand the
gentleman to refuse to allow that motion to be
made?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand him to consent to it.
Air. JENCKES. Will the gentleman from
Michigan allow me a moment?
Air. BE A MAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Rhode fsland.
Mr. JENCKES. As to these propositions of
amendment, if the bill passes the House, it will
be necessary to amend it if the House agrees
with the vote of the Senate on the amendments
to the judiciary bill. All the propositions that
have been made in the way of amendments are
simply to aid in the execution of the act itself,
and I suggest to gentlemen who arc in favor
of this measure that all such amendments can
be agreed upon, perfected, and marie part of
the bill in its passage, if it passes at all, through
the Senate.
Air. GONKLING. I understand the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island to say that in tin*
event this House concurs with the Senate in t ho
judiciary bill, numerous amendments to tMa
bill will be rendered necessary.
Mr. JENCKES. No; I do.not say that.
■ Mr. CONKLING. Well, that some amend-
ments will bo rendered necessary. Now, I
submit to the gentleman from Rhode Island,
upon his own statement, whether a stronger
case could be put showing the propriety of a
recommittal of this bill. Supposing that those
of us who think the bill needs amendment are
wrong, still there is a very strong probability
that if wc pass1 this bill now it will have to bo
amended. Now, had we better pass it know-
ing that, and send it to the Senate, where there
is no special committee on this subject, when
by retaining it here and recommitting it to the
committee wo can accomplish the very thing
which the gentleman says will be absolutely
necessary, and which some of us think is neces-
sary in any event ?
Mr. JENCKES. There is one thing that I
would ask the gentleman from New York.
Here is a measure that the commercial inter-
ests of the country have been struggling to ob-
tain over since we had a Government, and
now, for the first time, the debtor and creditor
interests of the whole of the United States of
America have agreed that this measure ought
to become a law, not because it is perfect, but
because it may be the basis of a future and
better system.
The objections now made are simply to tho
details of the measure, to the deputy marshals
and messengers and all that trivial machinery
by which the law can be carried into effect. I
agree with the gentleman from Michigan that
we may as well meet tho question now, and
leave the details to be settled licreafler by
amendments elsewhere.
Air. BEAAIAN. 1 now move the previous
question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I call for tellers
on the second.
Air. CONKLING. Before tellersnreordered
I wish to make an inquiry, if the call l'or the
previous quest ion is not sustained, will a motion
to recommit be then in Older?
The Sl'EAKE't. it will, and the Chair will
recognize the gentleman from New York, as
he has opposed the seconding of the pre\ious
question for the purpose of making that motion.
Air. CONKLING. 1 hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
'fellers were ordered ; and Alessrs. JEXCKES
and Coxkltxi; were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 07, noes 5-">.
So the previous question was seconded.
'The question recurred upon ordering tho
main question.
Air. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the aiiirmaHve—yeas 08, nays 07, not voting
48; as follows:
Y L AS —Mcssis. Alley, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, B.I.Mir, Beaman. Boulwell, Boj or, Binn-
desee, Bendy, Clianler, Dal line, Davis, Dan os, llison,
Donrn lly, Diie^s. Kliot, Foriy, GiimvoM, Hale, Aa:on
ILii'dim;, Han, Itoavn, Hoopei, iiotchki,-, A<-.>hel
W. Hubbard, John I!. Hubbnid, Hulburd. Janus
ji. Humphrey, Jenckc", Knv-on, Koiloy, Ketchain,
Lattm, Latham, lane'veai-, A! ai \ in, .McLtiilouji'h, Me-
itucr, Moni1-, n hoi-am. ilaNnioiut, Alexander It.
Rice, John II. Rice. Ruter, l!o;'eis, Rousseau, Seo-
tield. Smith, Spahhm', Starr, Tabor, Tavior, Tnajor,
J'Ynmis Thoinj-, John L. Thoiu;is, Trimble, Trovr-
bridjro, LpMin. Van Aornalll, Itobcit T. \ ■ i j, Mere,
Wro'd, Henry D Washburn, William B. Wnshbuin,
Williams, Stephen I<\ WiNon. and Wnnlit—03.
AYS — Miv-.u Aneoha, Delos It. Ashley, Baker,
Barki r, 1 ieniamin, Bore-en, Bidwell, Binghajn, Buok-
land, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Centime. Cook, Ciitiom,
Dawson, Octree*, Delano, pemin'r, Denison, i."".les-
ion. hhelrid^e, Familiar, Fillet. Garfield, Glo-^bivp-
ner, Goodyear, Abner C. Hardin:*. Hayes, 11< neleison,
HHiy, liill, ftotmes, Ctie-ier i>. Hubbaid, Ltlwm N.
Hubbell, James It. liuhbell, KoLo, William La wrrnce,
Loan, Marshall, McChtrir, Morcur, Miller, Morrill,
Moulton, Mvcrs, Xewelt, 'Niblack, .Noe!I, O'lNeiU,
Orth, Pain^.Perham. Price, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam If. Randall, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, She: -
labarger, Slovens, Slitwell, Slron.'-'o/l uorutoi'. Lid a
B. Wadiburne. Welkei, James 1. Wilson, and Y, in-
dom—67.
SOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Bank-.',
Blame, ij'ov,, Brom well. Broom all, Head i.rW.Cl a, i ,,
Coffroth, or,Dodge,Duuiont,Eckley, Farnwworth,
