1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....is® Sbssv
ated, and having expended in actual labor and
improvements thereon an amount of not less
than one thousand dollars, and in regard to
whose possession there is no controversy or
opposing claim, it shall and may be lawful for
paid claimant or association of claimants to file
in the local land office a diagram of the same,
30 extended laterally or otherwise as to con-
form to the local laws, customs, and rules of
miners, and to enter such tract and reeeive a
patent therefor, granting such mine, together
with the right to follow such vein or lode with
its dips, angles, and variations, to any depth,
although it may enter the land adjoining, which
land adjoining shall be sold subject to this
condition.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, Thatupon
the filing of the diagram as provided in the
second section of this act, and posting the same
in a conspicuous place on the claim, together
with a notice of intention to apply for a patent,
the register of the land office shall publish a
notice of the same in a newspaper published
nearest to the location of said claim, and shall
also post such notice in his office for the period
of ninety days; and after the expiration of said
period, if no adverse claim shall have been filed,
it shall be the duty of the surveyor general,
upon application of the party, to survey the
premises and make a plat thereof, indorsed
with his approval, designating the number and
description of the location, the value of the
labor and improvements, and the character of
the vein exposed; and upon the payment to
the proper officer of five dollars per acre, to-
gether with the cost of such survey, plat, and
notice, and giving satisfactory evidence that
said diagram and notice have been posted on
the claim during said period of ninety days, the
register of the land office shall transmit to the
General Land Office said plat, survey, and de-
scription ; and a patent shall issue for the same
thereupon. But said plat, survey, or discrip-
tion shall in no case cover more than one vein
or lode, and no patent shall issue for more than
one vein or lode, which, shall be expressed in
the patent issued.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That when
such location and entry of a mine shall be upon
unsurveyed lauds, it shall and may be lawful,
after the extension thereto of the public sur-
veys, to adjust the surveys to the limits of the
premises according to the location and posses-
sion and plat aforesaid, and the surveyor gen-
eral may, in extending the surveys, vary the
same from a rectangular form to suit the cir-
cumstances of the country and the local rules,
laws, and customs of miners: Provided, That
no location hereafter made shall exceed two
hundred feet in length along the vein for each
locator, with an additional claim for discovery
to the discoveror of the lode, with the right to
follow such vein to any depth, with all its dips,
variations, and angles, together with a reason-
able quantity of surface for the convenient work-
ing of the same as fixed by local rules: And
provided further, That no person may make
more than one location on the same lode, anft
not more than three thousand feetshall be taken
in any one claim by any association of persons.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
as a further condition of sale, in the absence
of necessary legislation by Congress, the local
Legislature of any State or Territory may pro-
vide rules for working mines involving ease-
ments, drainage, and other necessary means to
iht'ir complete development,; and those condi-
ions shall be fully expressed in the patent.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That when-
ever any adverse claimants to any mine located
.md claimed as aforesaid shall appear before the
approval of the survey, as provided m the third
section of this act, all proceedings jMiall _ be
stayed until a final settlement and adjudication
in the courts of competent jurisdiction or the
rights of possession to such claim, when a pat-
ent may issue as in other cases.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States be, and is here-
by, authorized to establish additional land dis-
tricts and to appoint the necessary officers under
existing laws, wherever he may deem the same
necessary for the public convenience in exe-
cuting the provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. And be. it further enacted, That the
right of way for the construction of highways
over public lands, not reserved for public uses,
is hereby granted.
Sec. -9. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever, by priority of possession, rights to the
use of water for mining, agricultural, manu-
facturing, or other purposes, have vested and
accrued, and the same are recognized and
acknowledged by the local customs, laws, and
the decisions of courts, the possessors and
owners of sueh vested rights shall be main-
tained and protected in the same; and the
right of way for the construction of ditches
and canals for the purposes aforesaid is hereby
acknowledged and confirmed: Provided, how-
ever, That whenever, after the passage of this
act, any person or persons shall, in the con-
struction of any ditch or canal, injure or dam-
age the possession of any settler on the public
domain, the party committing such injnry or
damage shall be liable to the party injured for
such injury or damage.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
wherever, prior to the passage of this act, upon
the lands heretofore designated as mineral
lands, which have been excluded from survey
and sale, there have been homesteads made by
citizens of the United States, or persons who
have declared their intention to become citi-
zens, which homesteads have been made, im-
proved, and used for agricultural purposes,
and upon which there have been no valuable
mines of gold, silver, cinnabar, or copper dis-
covered, and which are properly agricultural
lands, the said settlers or owners of such home-
steads shall have a right of preemption thereto,
and shall be entitled to purchase the same at
the price of one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre, and in quantity not to exceed one
hundred and sixty acres; or said parties may
avail themselves of the provisions of the act
of Congress approved May twenty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," and acts amendatory thereof.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That
upon the survey of the lands aforesaid, the
Secretary of the Interior may designate and
set apart sueh portions of the said lands as
are clearly agricultural lands, which lands shall
thereafter be subject to preemption and sale as
other public lands of the United States, and
subject to all the laws and regulations applica-
ble to the same.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. CCLXIIL—An Act to authorize "The
Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River Tide-
water Canal Company" to enter the District
of Columbia, and extend their Canal to the
Anacostia River at any Point above Ben-
ning's Bridge.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives o f the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That "The Chesapeake
Bay'and Potomac River Tidewater Canal Com-
pany," incorporated by the General Assembly
of the State of Maryland, at the January ses-
sion thereof, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
by an act entitled "An act to incorporate the
Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River Tidewater
Canal Company," be, and the same are here-
by, authorized to extend their canal from the
point where it strikes the boundary line of the
District of Columbia, thence in and through
the said District to the Anacostia river at any
point thereon above Benning's bridge.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That the
said company arc hereby authorized and em-
powered to take, purchase, and hold, for the
purpose [s] of this act, so much real estate and'
other property as shall be necessarily required
for the proper construction of the extension
aforesaid, and for the construction of all
proper and convenient basins, locks, reser-
voirs, docks, and wharves, to be connected
with said extension. And where the said com-
pany shall not be able to procure such real es-
tate by purchase from the owner thereof, o>rthe
owner thereof shall be a femme covert, infant,
non compos mentis, imprisoned, orresident be-
yond the District of Columbia, then application
may be made by the president of said company
to" the chief justice of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia, for the appointment
of three persons, who shall be freeholders in
said District, as a commission of inquest of
damages, and who shall go upon and inspect
any property proposed to be taken by said
eompany for the purposes contemplated by this
act; and before any person so appointed as such
commissioner shall proceed to act, he shall take
an oath or affirmation that he will fairly and
truly value the damages sustained by the owner
or owners of any property by the use and oc-
cupation of any such real estate, water rights,
or other property, by said company; and said
commission shall reduce their inquisition or
finding to writing, and sign and seal the same,
and it shall then be returned to the said chief
justice, who shall file the same in the office of
the register of deeds of the city of Washing-
ton. But no such inquisition shall be had
until after ten days' notice thereof has been
served on the owner of the real estate so to
be taken, when he resides in the District of
Columbia, or by publication of notice in one
or more of the daily newspapers published in
the city of Washington, for twenty days where
such owner resides beyond said District. When
the owner is a femme covert, the notice shall
be to her andherhusband; whenJie is a minor,
to his guardian ; and when he is non compos
mentis, to his committee, or the person hav-
ing charge of his estate. The said report shall
be confirmed by the supreme court ot the Dis-
trict of Columbia at its next term after the re-
turn of said report, unless for cause shown
to the contrary. And where good cause is
thus shown the said chief justice shall set aside
said inquest, and appoint another similar com-
mission, who shall qualify in the same manner,
and whose inquisition shall be taken, returned,
filed, and confirmed, or set aside for good causae
shown, in the same manner as the first inqui-
sition was taken, returned, filed, and confirmed,
or set aside. And such commission and inqui
silion shall be renewed as often as may be neces-
sary, until the inquisition made shall be con-
firmed. Such inquisition shall describe the
property taken by metes and bounds, and the
valuation thereof shall be paid or tendered
within ten days after the confirmation of such
inquisition by said District court; and when
such valuation or damages are so paid or tend-
ered, said company shall havo a full and per-
fect right to enter upon, use, occupy, and
enjoy any property so valuedfduring_ its cor-
porate existence, and all expenses incurred
by such inquisition, shall be paid by said com-
* Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for said company to 'cyy, de-
mand, and receive such even tolls and rents
for the use of the wharves and docks of said
company on said extension, or for freight trans-
ported by said company, or for the passage
through said extension of boats, rafts, or any
other water craft, as a majority of the directors
at any regular meeting shall assess therefor :
Provided, That the Congress of the_ United
States shall at all times have power to increase
or reduce such tolls or rents.
Sec. 4. And beit further enacted, ihat the
said canal extension, when completed, shall
forever thereafter be esteemed and taken to be
a public highway for the transportation of all
goods, commodities, or produce of every kind
