3-94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2<5,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and description, and for all canal boats, rafts,
or other water crafts <jf every kind whatever,
upon the payment of such tolls or rents as are
authorized to be imposed by this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
said company shall permit all public property
belonging to the United States to pass through
said canal extension free of all charge or toll;
and the said company shall, from time to time,
as may be required, lay before Congress a just
and true account of their receipts and expend-
itures on said extension, with a statement of
the clear profits thereof.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That, sub-
ject to the aforesaid provisions of this act, all
and singular the provisions of the aforesaid
act of the General Assembly of the State of
Maryland, entitled "An act to incorporate the
Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River Tidewater
Canal Company," relating to the powers, lia-
bilities, and authority of said company, in oper-
ating and using their canal, shall take effect
and apply to the extension aforesaid in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall be deemed a public act, and shall take
effect and be in force from and after its pas-
sage, and shall be subject to alteration or repeal
by Congress.
Approved, July 26,1866.
Chap. CCLXIV.-—An Act authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue Certificates
of Registry, or Enrollment and License, to
certain Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue certificates of registry, or enrollment and
license, to the steamer "Diana," of Victoria,
Vancouver Island; the schooners "M. C.
Rowe," ofGloucester, Massachusetts; "Mary,"
of Dexter, New York; "Jessee Conger," of
Oswego, New York; " N. C. Ford," of Buffalo,
NewYork; "Sweet Home," of Rochester, New
York; "Alma," of Sodus, NewYork; "Marco
Polo," of Brie, Pennsylvania; brig "Three
Bells," of Rochester, New York; bark "J. S.
Austin," of Buffalo, New York; and the sloop
"Dolphin," of Alexandria Bay, NewYork: Pro-
vided, That there shall be paid on each of such
vessels that are foreign built a tax equal to the
internal revenue tax upon the materials and con-
struction of similar vessels of American build.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chai\ CCLXV.—An Actto authorize the Issue
of certain Bonds in Denominations greater
than One Thousand Dollars.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter the bonds
of the United States authorized by the act of
July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, "to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean," and by all acts amendatory thereof,
may be issued in denominations greater than
one thousand dollars, at the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury: Provided, however,
That it shall at all times be optional with any
railroad company whether they will receive
bonds of a larger denomination than one thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. C.CLXVI.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Current and Contingent Ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with various
Indian Tribes for the year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the purpose of paying the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department and fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribes—
For the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, namely:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian
affairs and of Indian agents, one hundred and
ten thousand and fifty dollars.
For pay of sub-agents, six thousand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent at Saint
Louis, Missouri, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For pay of temporary clerks by superintend-
ents of Indian affairs, five thousand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian
affairs in California, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of interpreters, twenty-eight thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dol-
lars.
_ For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes:
Chasta, iScoton, and Umpqua Indians.
For twelfth of fifteen installments of annuity,
to be expended as directed by the President,
per third article treaty eighteenth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
dollars.
For twelfth of fifteen installments for the pay
of a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For twelfth of fifteen installments for pay of
physician, medicines, and expense of care of
the sick, per fifth article treaty eighteenth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For twelfth of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For two thirds of last of twenty-five install-
ments in money, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, eight thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-
three cents.
For two thirds of last of twenty-five install-
ments for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
eight hundred dollars.
For two thirds of last of twenty-five install-
ments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dol-
lars.
For two thirds of last of twenty-five install-
ments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
one thousand three hundred and thirty-three
dollars and thirty-three cents.
For two thirds of last of twenty-five install-
ments for the pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
six hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-
seven cents.
For two thirds of last of twenty-five install-
ments for the purchase of provisions and to-
bacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, one thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-
three cents.
For twelfth of twenty installments in coin,
per fourth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dollars.
For twelfth of twenty installments in goods,
household furniture, and cooking utensils, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For twelfth of twenty installments for agri-
cultural implements, and cattle, carpenters'
and other tools, and building materials, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, three thousand dol-
lars.
For twelfth of twenty installments for moral
and educational purposes, three hundred dol-
lars of which to be paid to the Grand Portage
band yearly, to enable them to maintain a
school at their village, per fourth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, three thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty installments for six
smiths and assistants, per second and fifth arti-
cles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, five thousand and forty
dollars.
For twelfth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of six smiths' shops, per second and fifth
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, one thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the sev-
enth smith and assistant, and support of shops,
per second and fifth articles treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
one thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of a smith, assistant, and shop
for the Bois Forte band, during the pleasure
of the President, per twelfth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of two farmers for the Bois
Forte band, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For gratuities for the purpose of quieting the
claim of the Lac de Flambeau band of Chip-
pewas, for an interest in the lands ceded to
the United States by the Bois Forte band of
Chippewa Indians, three thousand dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For one third of last of twenty-five install-
ments in money, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, four thousand one
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of last of twenty-five install-
ments for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, four hundred dollars.
For one third of last of twenty-five install-
ments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For one third of last of twenty-five install-
ments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirti-
eth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
six hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-
seven cents.
For one third of last of twenty-five install-
