1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
G-rider, Grinnell,Harris,Bemas Hubbard, JamcsHuia-
phrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Lynch, Mar-
ston, Melndoe, McKeo, Moorhead. Patterson, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, lioss, Shanklin.Sit-
greaves, Sloan, Bart Van Horn, Warner, Wentworth,
VYhaley, Wmlield, and SVoodbridge—48.
So the main question was ordered. „
During the call of the roll,
Mr. "WINFIELD stated that he had paired
with Mr. Radford.
The result was announced as above stated.
The. question recurred on the'passage of the
bill.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting un-
der the previous question j• and a motion for
a call of the House is not in order, unless it
appears by a count that there is no quorum
present.
Mr, JENCKES. It has not been my desire
to press this bill to a vote unless -the House
should be full. If by unanimous consent a
future time can be fixed for taking the vole, I
have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done without
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I call fortheyeas and nays
on the passage of the'bill.
The yeas and na}7s were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 73, not voting
40: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,Beaman.Boutwell, Brando-
Cxi ,        
Hotchki??, Asahol W. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard,
Hulburd, James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey,
Jenckes. Kasson, Keliey, Keteham, Laflm, Long-
year^ Maiyin, JVfeCulloujdi, McRuer, jMoorhead,
Morris, Nichol-on, Plant-;, Raymond, Alexander
II. Bice, John H. Rice, Roercrs, Scofield, Smith,
Spalding, Starr, Tabor, Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Ihouias John L. Thomas. Trimble, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt -Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Henry 1). "YV ashburn,Williams, Windom.
and V/niiiir—70.
Oalloin, Bavrson, Deirees Delano, Deming, Denison,
LidrKl^e, Parfjnhar, Fmck, Gariietd, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, A:n on Hardin?, Abner 0. Harding, Haves,
Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Chester I). Hubbard,
Edwin ><.Hiibbell, JamesR.IlubbclI.Kelso,Latham,
George V. Lawicnec, William La wrenee, Lo Blond,
Loan, ^Iai>hall. McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Morrill,
Moulton, Mvers, Newell, Niblack, Noell, O'Neill,
Orih, Paine. Perham. Price, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
burn, Welker. and James F. Wilson—73.
.NOT VOTING—Me^rs. Ames, Anderson, Blaine, ,
Blovy, Bromwell, Reader "tt\ Clarke, Coffroth, Culver, I
Bodge, Dumont, Eekley, Eggleston, Grider, Harris, !
l)euias Hubbard, Ingersoli, Johnion, Jones. Julian, 1
Kerr, Kuykonda.il, Lynch, Marston, Melndoe, JUc- j
Kee, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radiord,
KoaS, Ron^pau, Shanklin. Sloan, Warner, Went-
worth, vv haley, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and
W oodbndge—40.
So the bill was rejected.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. UAYIS. I desire to state that Mr.
Ames is paired on this and other questions
with Mr. Grid fin.
Mr. INGERSOLL. On this question I have
paired, as I have already stated, with Mr.
Pomeroy.
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague, Mr. Ross,
is unavoidably absent. He understood himself
to be paired with Mr. Radford.
Mr. ANCONA. My colleague, Mr. John-
son", is stiil detained from the House by sick-
ness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. COXkLlNG. I desire to inquire of
the Chair whether, as the vote on the passage
of this bill has onee been reconsidered, it is in
order now to move a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CONK LING. Sol supposed; but other
gentlemen thought otherwise, hence I made the
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state,
however, if the gentleman desires an explana-
tion on this point, that the reference of new
matter to a committee which has once been
raised, revives the committee and authorizes
it to report again.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution and bills of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
• Joint resolution (S. E. No. 00) referring the
petition and papers in the case of James Crut-
chett to the Court of Claims ;
An act (S. No. 219) granting certain lands
to the State of Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of a ship-canal to conncet the waters
of Lake Superior with the lake known as Lac
La Belle in said State; and
An act (S. No. 248) for the relief of James
G-. Clarke.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House bills
of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 207) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide ways and means
to support the Government," approved March
3, 1865; and
An act (H. R. No. 304) to confi rra unto
Augustin Amiot, his legal assigns and repre-
sentatives, a certain lot of ground in the city
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 300) entitled "An
act to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania for
moneys advanced Government for war pur-
poses," with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
enrolled bill wined. '
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and lound truly enrolled a bill
(II. R. No. 207) entitled "An act to amend an
act to provide ways and means to support the
Government, approved March 3,1805where-
upon the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. MYEli,S. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
mutual firk insurance company,
The first business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 223)
entitled "An act to amend an act to incorpo-
rate the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of
the District of Columbia." *
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows :
1 Strike out the words, " the said act," and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
An act entitled "An act to incorporate the Mutual
Fire Insurance Company in the District oi Columbia,"
approved the 10th day of January. 1855.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
\ote by wdiich the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reimbursement of pennsylvania war debt.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
300) entitled ;JAn act to reimburse the State
of Pennsylvania for moneys advanced Govern-
ment for war purposes."
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
folio ws:
Fill the blank in paid bill by inserting " March 14,
1864."
Mr. MYERS. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MYERS. I move to reconsider the !
vote by which the Senate amendment has been !
concurred in, and also move that the motion to I
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
disposal of lands
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 108, entitled "An act to
provide for the disposal of certain lands therein
named;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
"wellington and dorsey.
The next business on the Speaker's table
.was Senate bill No. 210, entitled "An act for
the relief of Wellington & Dorsey;" which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
land grant to oregon.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 62, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act granting lands
to the State of Oregon to aid in the construc-
tion of a military load from Eugene City to
the eastern boundary of said State;'" which
was read a first and second time, and leferred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
15urial of united states soldiers.
The next^ business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 58, respecting
the burial of soldiers who died in the military
service of the United States during the rebel-
lion; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read in ex-
tenso, proposes to authorize and require the
Secretary of Yfar to take immediate measures
to preserve from desecration the graves of the
soldiers of the United States who fell in battle
or died of disease in the field and m hospital
during the war of the rebellion, to secure suit-
able burial places in which they may be prop-
erly interred, and to have the graves inclosed,
so that the resting-places of the honored dead
may be kept sacred forever.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution w~as passed: and
also moved that the motion to reconsidei be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounties to colored soldiers, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate resolution No. 51. respecting the
bounties to colored soldiers, ami the pensions,
bounties, and allowances to their heirs: which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
revision 01? united states statutes.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 50, entitled "An act to provide
for the revision and consolidation of the stat-
utes of the Lnited States-" which wa^ read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
JAMES CltUTCIIETT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate resolution No. 00. referring the petition
and papers in the case of James CnUchett to
the Court of Claims; which was lead a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
■james o. clarke.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 248, for the relief of James
G. Clarke; which was taken up, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
michigan siiii'-canal.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 219, granting certain lands
to the State of Michigan to aid in the construc-
tion of a ship-canal to connect the waters of Lake
, Superior with the lake known as Lac La Belle,
I in said State; which was taken up. read a first
1 and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the several bills
and joint resolutions had been referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
