3794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
done. This provision can do no harm. I
think myself that the Committee on Appropri-
ations have done well in reporting this appro-
priation, because the gentleman from Illinois
must see that if the House fails to pass the bill
which he introduced this appropriation will be
in aid of the general object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I merely-
made the suggestion. If the bill to which I
have referred can be carried, this clause should
be stricken out. If not, it ought to be retained.
Mr. STEVENS. In that view of the case I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
For the purpose of printing and publisMn/the'first
volumes of the Medical and Surgical History of the
Rebellion, under the direction of the Surgeon Gen-
eral, $60,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For the preparation for publication of the Medi-
cal and Surgical History of the Rebellion, $20,000.
According to the terms of the bill, as reported
by the Committee on Appropriations, the Med-
ical and Surgical History of the Rebellion is
not only to be prepared, but to be printed and
published nnder the direction of the Surgeon
General. The House will bear in mind that
we already have a law which compels the pub-
lication of all such works at the Government
Printing Office; and even if the Hcjjise had
already determined that it would assume the
expenditure for the publication of this work,
which it is universally conceded will amount
to half a million dollars, I certainly cannot
think that the committee would place the con-
trol of the publication of the work in the
hands of the Surgeon General alone.
The amendment which I have offered allows
the Surgeon General to continue the prepara-
tion for publication of the work which he is
doing now, but it leaves it in the power of
Congress to say who shall print and publish
the work when completed. I think the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations will
see the propriety of continuing the control of
this question in the hands of Congress, and
that the work shall be published, in accordance
with the laws of Congress, at the Government
Printing Office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would say to the
gentleman from New York that it requires no
appropriation by Congress for the preparation
of this report.
Mr. LA FLIN. I will say further, in refer-
ence to this matter, that the attention of the
Committees on Printing of the House' and of
the Senate were called by the Surgeon Gen-
eral to this subject, and I will state that at the
invitation of the Surgeon General both com-
mittees have had interviews with him and have
examined these reports as far as they are pre-
pared, and each committee has come to the
conclusion to recommend the adoption of the
amendment which has been read; and it is to
their utter surprise and astonishment that we
find here, sprung upon the House in an appro-
priation bill, an appropriation of $60,000 to
publish the first volume. And to publish it
how? Just as the Surgeon General chooses to
publish it. He may give the contract to what-
ever party he pleases, to any- friend of his in
the United States, and upon whatever terms
he pleases. Here is a provision involving an
expenditure of at least from three hundred to
five hundred thousand dollars, according to
the calculations of the Surgeon General. That
is the lowest calculation made, and it only pro-
> ules for an edition of five thousand copies.
i e we prepared now, without knowing how
•Kiny copies are to be published and on what
,<-nns, to leave it at the discretion of an officer
of the Government, independent of the laws
of Congress as they now exist, to contract upon
his own terms and with his own friends for the
jbhcation of a work involving an expenditure
oi at ieiiSt half a million dollars?
It is not yet determined that Congress will
publish it. Bat I will state to this House a
still further reason why the Committee on
Printing did not report in favor of publishing
this work, in addition to the large amount of
money that is required for the purpose.. That
reason is, that it has been intimated to us that-
if the Government will furnish this informa-
tion, the material for the work, there are pri-
vate establishments in the United States who
would publish this work for the benefit of the
world free of cost to the Government. It is
really a question in the minds of some whether
this information shall be given to the public at
the private expense of the individuals that are
most to be benefited by it, or whether it shall
be given to the public at the expense of the
Government for the benefit of certain favorite
individuals connected with the office that will
have charge of the publication. I also raise
the point of order that there is no propriety in
this clause at all. -
Mr. STEVENS. If the Committee of the
Whole determines to strike out this paragraph,
I hope they will not insert what is proposed,
for that would simply be giving a fee to officers
whose duty it is to do this work without any fee.
There is nothing proposed in this bill to pay the
Surgeon General and his officials for their ac-
tion in regard to this work. The whole that this
proposition is for is the publication of this
work. It is to be published, to be sure, under
tha direction of the Surgeon General. I do not
mean to be understood by that that it is not
to be published at the Government Printing
Office; but the Surgeon General is to supervise
the printing. If any gentleman chooses to
move an amendment to that effect, I shall have
no objection to it. *
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would suggest
that the paragraph, as reported by the commit-
tee, be amended by inserting after the word
"publishing" the words "at the Government
Printing Office."
Mr. STEVEN S. If the gentleman will move
that amendment I will have no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I movethe amend-
ment I have indicated.
The e^^ndment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Laflin.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know how any-
body but professional men can supervise and
superintend the publication of a mere scientific
work like this; one abounding in plates and in
scientific terms and researches. There may be
very adroit men in the Government Printing
Office; among them I know is the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing. But no man is uni-
versally learned. And although a celebrated
orator, I remember, did assert thatallbranches
of science were bound together by a common
bond, he did not mean that every man knew
them all, but only that they were themselves
connected. Now, I think any man who has'
had an opportunity of examining the specimen
of this work must agree that so valuable a pub-
lication in the medical and surgical department
has never been given to the world. The oppor-
tunities afforded by our great war, the revolu-
tion made in the arms of defense and of attack,
and the consequent increase and variety of
wounds that were inflicted, the different appli-
cations made by our learned men going on from
learning to learning until I think we have as
good a surgical staff as the world ever saw ; all
this has been such that I do not think that even
Larrey himself, with all his knowledge, could
do it, because he had not the opportunity. I
would say, from what little knowledge I could
obtain from the examination of the work, that
there is more genuine information upon that
subject contained in this workthanin anyprc-
cedingpublication upon the same subject. And
1 think the publication of it will be a public
benefaction, and also be a high honor to the
nation which produces the work.
Now, I have no idea of asking individuals
to speculate upon a work of this kind. I have
no idea of allowing enterprising private indi-
viduals to publish this work as they please,
and to peddle it out as they please. So far as
I am concerned I should feel mortified if, after
a work has been prepared as this has been, it
should be thrown into some bookseller's shop
to be published as he pleases, and when he
pleases. Sir, 1 had hoped that this appropria-
tion would meet the unanimous approbation of
the House. I am sure that if gentlemen had ex-
amined the matter they would hardly have the
heart to reject this proposition. While I am
willing that this publication should be printed
at the Government Printing Office, I think that
the work should be done under the direction
of the Surgeon General and his able assistants.
The amount proposed to be appropriated is
very small compared with the sums which
other nations have appropriated for scientific
publications.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Chairman, I have list-
ened to the remarks of the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations with
a great deal of pleasure ; for so far as he pays
a compliment to the character of this work, he
speaks my own views. No man can hold in
higher estimation the utility of this work to
the public and to the cause of science than I
do. This is the unanimous opinion of all the
members of the Joint Committee on Printing,
both on the part of the Senate and the House.
We have examined this work; and as I said
before, it is to our utter surprise that, after we
have been invited to an examination of this
work, and when we have in our possession a
letter from the Surgeon General consenting to
an appropriation of a certain sum of money
simply for continuing the preparation of this
work for publication, we find introduced here
an appropriation of $60,000, which, though it
may not be regarded in itself as an extrava-
gant expenditure, may be the entering wedge
to a system which may result in a vast outlay
of money.
Under the terms of this appropriation the
Surgeon General will have authority to contract
with any person whom he may select for tlio
publication of this entire work; and when the
contract is made the Government will be bound
thereby. I wish the House to understand dis-
tinctly that it is not the intention of my amend-
ment to prevent the future publication of tl*s
work; but the object is to postpone the publi-.
cation until the work shall be more thoroughly
completed, with the view to disseminating this
very valuable scientific information at a le=s
expense than would be incurred by proceeding
with the publication at once. I would like to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations when it was that the committee
first received from the Surgeon General a sug-
gestion for the incorporation of this provision
in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not remember the
exact time. The recommendation for this
appropriation has been before the committee
for some months—since early in the session, I
think.
Mr. LAFLIN. I understood so. I have
been informed that the Surgeon General ad-
dressed a letter to the chairman of the com-
mittee as early as the middle of last January.
Yet it is only three or four weeks since, by spe-
cial invitation, the members on the part of the
Senate and the House of the Joint Committee
on Printing examined this work, and when we
saw its condition we were satisfied that consid-
erable additional progress ought to be made
before commencing the publication of the
work. A suggestion was made by the Surgeon
General that we should introduce into our re-
spective Houses a resolution calling for an
appropriation of a certain sum of money and
. authorizing him to continue the preparation of
the work for publication, leaving for the future
determination of Congress how it shomd be
published, whether at the Government Printing
Office or by some private publication house. He
told me himself at the time that, in his judg-
ment, it would not cost over about ten thou-
sand dollars to continue the preparation of this
work; but when he came to draw a resolution
he asked for a larger sum; and the sum has
been fixed at $'20,000. If members are ready,
in tha face of these facts, and simply because,
