1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
souri, [Mr- Henderson,] to the amendment of
the Senator from .Massachusetts [ISIr. Sl'mxer.]
On this question the Senator from Missouri is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. With the indulgence of my
friend J desi.ro to submit an amendment which
will be m order before we can be called upon
to act upon his amendment. I propose to add
words to tho proviso recommended by the com-
mittee. Of course it is in order to perfect the
original proposition before we come to the ques-
tion of striking out. My object now is to amend
the original proposition of the committee by
adding these words, '* and they shall be exempt
from taxation of all kinds so as to make the
phrase read, "all persons therein of such race
or color shall be excluded from the basis of
representation, and they shall be exempt from
taxation of all kinds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair, the proposed amendment
of the Senator Irom Massachusetts is not in
order. It is not to perfect an amendment be-
fore action is had upon it. The Senator before
offered an amendment to strike out the whole
of the resolution and insert something else, and
to that amendment an amendment was pro-
posed. Now the Senator from Massachusetts
desires to amend the original resolution, which
is not in order at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on striking
out the original resolution of the committee,
and I submit, with deference to the Chair, that
before we come to the question of striking out.
it is in order to add to the proportion of the
committee or to subtract from it; in short, to
amend it in any way, and that must be consid-
ered before we come to the main proposition of
striking out.
The PRESIDENT^/y) tempore. Then the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes to with-
draw the amendment heretofore offered by him?
Mr. SUMNER. [ do, for this purpose.
The PRESIDENT pry tempore. That is in
order. The Senator can withdraw his amend-
ment for the purpose of proposing to modify or
perfect the original rcso.ution.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, then let it stand
so. I wish to have a vote on this as a prelim-
inary question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is In
order, and the question is on the amendment
now offered bvtheSeuatorfrom Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDERSON addressed the Senate,
and without concluding gave way to
Mr. DOOLJLTTLE, who moved that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
[The publication of Mr. Henderson's speech
is defeired until it shall have been concluded.]
Mr. TESSENDEN. I do not see the neces-
sity of having an executive session at this hour.
We can sit until five o'clock. We shall never
get through in this way.
Mr. DOOLfTTLE. We have some Indian
treaties that ouo;ht to be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves that the Senate now pro-
• ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened^ and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 13, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. B. F. Morris.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LEA.YE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. ORTTI moved that his colleague, Mr.
Stilwfll. have leave of absence for one week
from Thursday next-
There wa? no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
CINDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
on Friday, ihe morning-hour business of Mon-
day was transferred to this day. Committees will
be called for reports, not to be brought back by
a motion to reconsider.
The committees were called, but no reports
were submitted.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States for resolutions,
commencing with the State of California, where
the call was arrested on last Monday.
CMSEK TO C03i:.itTTJ;E 0.\ MINES, ETC.
Mr. II1GBY submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
7'cWiW, That the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing be allowed to have n < lerk, who shall reeeivc the
u>ual compensation ILved b> the House for cleiks of
committees.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question the House divided: and there were—
ayes :30, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest to the gentleman to
allow me to move an amendment, for a clerk
to be allowed.to each member.
Mr. MIGRY. I want the resolution to pass
and not to be defeated.
The SPEAKER, (no quorum having voted,)
ordered tellers; and appointed Messrs. Higby
and Li: Blond.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 4S, noes 43.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative to
make n quorum.
So the call for the previous question was
seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The llou^e divided on the adoption of the
resolution ; and there were—ayes o4, noes *10.
Mr. WASIdBI'RNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The ,>eas and na\s were ordered.
The question was taken; and il was decided
in tli'■ aliinnativ'e—yeas G7, na}"S CI, not voting
o 1; as follows:
YEAS —Me^-i>. Alley. Alli«on, Anderson, Dclos H.
A-liloy, Janus M. A^hu-y. Baker, J^anKw, JJidvrell,
Biiurbam. Blaine, DjuIujj?, Dixon, Driers, E?-
jdestun, luirn.-worth, r'arquhar, (iarheld, Glossbren-
ncr, Gi'i.-woM, liul<\ Abner C. Harding, ITaye^, llcn-
dej^ou. liexhy, ljohnes Ilotohkiss, Demas llubhaul,
Jume*1 Jlumphrcv, Insei^>1], Jourkcs, Julian,Ka^son,
Kolley, Kt'l>o. Kuvkond.ili, Lailm. Loan, M<ii"\m,
McClurpr. Moitucr. Miller, Mver-, O'Neill, Orth,l\une,
Perham, Plant.-. Alexander JL Itiee, Rousseau, Saw-
yer, Seii^nek, 8<-otield, Sraith, Spalding, Snlwcll,
Stmus-o, Ta> lor. TUayer, Troworirlqc, U}^on, llobort
T. Vjin _llorn, Waul. James }>\ "Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, "Wjpdom, and Woodbiidee—-(>7.
NA VS— Me<-i.<. ii^aman, berjren. Boutwell, Brom-
wcll, 131 ooks l>n>om:di, BuHdand. Reader W. Clarke,
ConkhnL', Gouk, Cullom, I>.iw?on, Doming, Donnelly,
Eckley, Eldndae, Perry. Fmck, Goodye.'r, Grmnell,
Harris Hill, As-ahel W. Ilubbard, John 11. Jltibbard,
James K. Ilubbell, ilulbuid, James M. Humphrey,
Johnson, Ken, Jvctchaui, Lathum, (h-<>rr/c V. Law-
rence. William Laurence, Le blond, J!aridiall,Mais-
ton. iM'-Culloao,h, IM< Koc, Moornoyd, Morrill. Al<>rri«,
MoultomXiblack, Itiullord.W nharn II. ltandall. Hon-
ors Rollins, Ito-s, Shtdlabar^er, ►Sitcrreaves iSloan,
Steven-, Tabci, John L. Thorns, Thornton, Tumble,
Van Aernani, Hurt. Van Horn, Kiihu B. Was-hburne,
William B. Washburn, Welker, "W'entworth, Whaley,
and "Williams—b4.
NOT VO'l iNG—MV^-rs. Ames, Aneonn, Baldwin,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Blow, Boycr, Brande^ec,
IUmdy, Chnnier,Sidney Claike, Cobb, Culver, Dawes,
Dcfiee^, De'ano, J)crii.-,on, Dunnmt, Eliot, Gndor,
Aaron Hardin?:, Hart, llogan. Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, Edwin N. II ubhell. Jones, Loneyear, Lynch,
Mclndoe. Mereur, Newell, Niehoiaon, Noell, Patter-
son, Phelpc, Pike, Pomeioy, Priee, Samuel (J. Rnri-
dall, Raymond, John ll.Riee, Bitter, Slnmklin, Starr,
Francis Thoma?, A'oorhees, Warner, Wmheld, and
"Wii^ht—ol.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ASHEEY. of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted :
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NFBLACK. I ask whether this resolu-
tion authorizes the payment of a salary to this
clerk from the commencement of this Congress,
or from the present time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House, having been passed under the pre-
vious question.
IMPKOYEMKXT 01' ZUMTUiO lUYMt, MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill granting
lands to the State of Minnesota, to aid in the
i improvement of Zumbro river, in said State;
| which was read a first and second time, and
! referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
i
mexico.
Mr. WTIALEY submitted the following pre-
amble and resolutions, 011 which he demanded
the previous question :
Whereas this House at its last session, interpreting
the sentiment of the American people, passed a res-
olution mdoismJ? the traditional policy of this Gov-
ernment toward the republics of the continent, and
reprobating in unmistakable lan-ruase the erection
of a monarchy upon the ruins oi theneighboring re-
public of Mexico; and whci cas the llayrant infraction
of this American continental pojicy occurrcd while
tins nation was in a conflict for its own unity, which
conflict is now happily ended: Theieibre,
JZrs'jlvcd, 1. That this lloudc do heicby reaffirm the
resolution of hif-t session, and declare that the estab-
lishment ot a political protectorate by France in bc-
: half of an Austrian prince, over the republic of Mex-
j ieo, and the introduction of a scheme of policy which
i carries with it a. light to interfere with our own as
well as m the affahsof all the republics of this conti-
nent,is a measure to which this countiycan never
submit, and which should be resisted by ail the means
in our power.
'J. That to the end of makinc wood this resolution,
the President M/lieit the alliance of all the republics
of this continent, and the use of all the means at their
command.
Mr. BANKS. I move to refer these resolu-
tions to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been moved.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to mo to make that motion.
Mr. WHALEY. I decline to yield.
The question being taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, it was not
seconded.
Mr. BANKS. I now move to refer it to the
Committee 011 Foreign Affairs, and on that I
demand the previous question.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. WASIIBITRNE, of Illinois. I want to
debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. If debate arises it goes
over.
Mr. ROGERS. I withdraw the motion to
lay the subject on tlie table.
The question recurring on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question on the motion
to refer, it was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, and
under the operation thereof the motion to re-
fer to the Committee on Foreign A flairs was
agreed to.
Mr. BLNTGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred, and
to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
escutctikons' of west virginia axd nevada.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask unanimous consent
to olfer another resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Mcmhnl, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
inbe direr icd to caibc to be painted in the square
panel.® of glass in tlie ceilin? of the IIou.se of Kepre-
I sentatives the escutcheons of the States of West Vir-
ginia and Nevada, and that the uccessaiy appropria-
tions be made therefor.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. I object.
Mr. LATIIAM. I offer the same resolution,
and demand the previous question thereon.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. NTOHOLSON. Can the resolution be
divided ?
Tho SPEAKER. It cannot; it must be so
framed that tlie two parts will stand independ-
ently by themselves in order to be divided.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted : and also move to lay that motion on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian tribes.
Mr. CHAVES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
liesolred. That the Committee on Indian AtTairs bo
directed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law for placing upon suitable sites of reservation
