2836
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
serfcing after the word "spirits" in the fortieth
line the following words :
No inspector shail continue on duty at one and
the same distillery for more than sixty days contin-
uously.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in lines thirty-seven and thirty-eight
the words u by the distiller or owner of the
spirits" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
out of the public Treasury."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend by inserting at the end of the section
the following:
And provided further. That the provisions of this
section shall not apply to the distillers of apples,
grapes, or peaches, who distill less than fifty barrels
per year from the same.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I move to
amend by striking*out from line thirty-one to
line thirty-three the following words:
And the amount of compensation thus paid for
inspection shall be assessed by the assessor upon the
distiller, and returned to the collector monthly.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the section the following :
And provided further, That the distillers shall be
entitled to a certificate of inspection from any per-
son who, under the provisions of this act, may have
made an inspection, upon which certificate shall be
noted the time of the day at which said inspection
was made, and also a statement, it such be the fact,
that the distiller is complying with the law.
Mr. Chairman, the committee having voted
down an amendment offered by me earlier in
the evening with a view of decreasing the count-
less inspections to which distilleries are daily
subjected, I now submit this one. The pur-
pose in view is to require the person making
the inspection to give a certificate to the dis-
tiller. This involves some trouble to the in-
spector, and would, perhaps, satisfy a subse-
quent one that the prior inspection showing
the law had not been disregarded was suliic-ient,
and thus his duties were rendered unnecessary.
While we must protect the Government, we
should strive to make the law as little irksome
as possible, and avoid, if we can, the too nu-
merous visitations of officials.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on 1 he motion of Mr.
Harding, of Kentucky, to strike out the sec-
tion, the motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3-i. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, in
every collection district where the same may be
necessary, one or more general inspectors of spirits,
who shall each take an oath faithfully to perform his
duties, in such form as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may prescribe, and who shall be entitled to
receive one quarter of one cent for cach and every
wine-gallon gauged and proved by him; and any
owner, agent, or superintendent of any distillery or
bonded warehouse who shall refuse to admit an in-
spector upon such xjremises, so far as it may be neces-
sary for U.e performance of his duties, or who shall
obstruct an inspector in the performance of his du-
ties, shall forfeit and pay the sum of $500, to be re-
covered in the manner provided for recovery of
other penalties imposed by this net.
No amendrrf%nt being offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 35. And be it further evicted, That every owner
of any still, boiler, or other vessel, used or intended
to be used for the purpose of distilling spirits, as
hereinbefore provided, or who tball have such still,
boiler, or other vessel under his superintendence,
either as agent for the owner or tor his own account,
or woo shall use any still or other vessel as aforesaid,
citherns owner, agent, or otherwise, shall from day to
day make true and exact entry, or cause to be entered,
in a book, to be kept in such form as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe, the num-
ber of pounds or gallons of materials used for the
purpose of producing spirits, and the number of gal-
lons ot spirits distilled, and also the number of gal-
lons placed in warehouse and the proof thereof, which
book shall always be open for the inspection of any
assessor, assistant assessor, collector, deputy collector,
supervisor, or inspector, who may take minutes,
memorandums, ortranscripts thereof; and shall ren-
der to the assessor or assistant assessor of the district,
on the 1st, 11th, and 21st days of every month, or
within five days thereafter, an account in duplicate,
taken from liis book3, of the number of pounds and
gallons of material used in producing spirits, the
number of gallons of spirits distilled, and also the
number of gallons removed to bonded warehouse
and the proof thereof—which said account shall be
verified by affidavit prescribed by law, and be certi-
fied by the inspector—and shall immediately forward
to the collector of the district one of said accounts,
and shall pay to the collector the taxes on the spirits
so distilled before removing the same from the bonded
warehouse, unless removed as provided bylaw. The
entries to be made in the books of the distiller, as
aforesaid, shall, upon the several days when the re-
turns are to be made, as provided, be verified by the
signature of the person or persons by whom such
entries shall have been made, in the presence of the
assessor or assistant assessor, or other proper officer,
who shall append thereto his certificate of the exe-
cution of the same. The owner, agent, or superin-
tendent of any distillery shall, in case the original
entries required to be made in his books by this act
shall not have been made by himself, subjoin to the
certificate of the person by whom they were made the
following certificate: "I do certify that, to the best
of my knowledge and belief, the foregoing entries
ore just and true, and that I have taken all the means
in ray power to make them so." And any owner,
agent, or superintendent who shall neglect or refuse
to furnish the account and duplicate thereof, as herein
provided, or who shall refuse to permit the said as-
sessor or assistant assessor, collector or deputy col-
lector, or inspector, to examine the books in the
manner herein provided for, when requested, shall,
for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit and pay the
sum of $500.
Mr. HGOPELi, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out in line thirty-one the
words "to be."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 36. And, be it further enacted. That, in addition
to the special tax provided, there shall be levied, col-
lected. and paid on all spirits that may be distilled
and removed from the bonded warehouse for eon-
sumption or sale, of first proof, on and after the pas-
sage of this act, a tax of two dollars pn each and every
pioof gallon; and the said tax shall be a lien on the
spirits distilled, on the distillery used for distilling
the same, with the stills, vessels, fixtures, and tools
therein, and on theinterest of said distiller in the lot
or tract of land whereon the said distillery is situated,
until the said tox shall be paid: Provided, That the
tax on all spirits shall be collected at no lower rate
than the basis of first proof, and shall be increased in
proportion for any greater strength than the strength
of first proof.
Mr. HAUDING, of Illinois. T move to amend
by striking out "two dollars " in line five, and
inserting in lieu, thereof " one dollar."
Mr. Chairman, in offering this amendment,
1 am actuated by the purest of motives in ref-
erence to the attainment of a large amount of
revenue from this source. I have no interest
in any distilling establishment, nor have many
of my constituents. They are generally a sober,
agricultural people, who produce very largely
the gross grains which are grown upon the
western prairies—mainly corn and rye. Here-
tofore in our isolated condition we have found
a large market for our products in these distill-
eries which manufactured grains into spirits.
They enabled us in a much easier way to trans-
port ourproductstomarket. The effect of the
tax of two dollars a gallon is to destroy the
legitimate manufacture of any large quantities
of these grains into high-wines and alcohol.
And let me say another thing. The pre-
mium is too high for legitimate manufacture, and
so long as we continue it we can provide no
legal machinery which will enable us to collect
the full revenue. I notify the House that the
experience of last year will be the experience
of next year. "With the temptations held out
by this law we can have no expectation of a
faithful performance of duty on the part of
these inspectors. I have no expectation of it.
I believe that a tax of two dollars a gallon on
spirits is too great a temptation to be guarded
against. If gentlemen will look into the machin-
ery of this bill they will see it is required that
the whole product of these distillations shall be
run into vats every day. Some of these vats
will contain six thousand gallons. Do gentle-
men expect the temptation will be resisted by
men who are receiving only five dollars a day?
They have only to shut their eyes 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Our experience has shown
that the cheating commenced about as rapidly
at twenty cents and sixty cents as at two dol-
lars. Believing the mind of every gentleman
in the House is made up on this question, and
that we do not want any discussion, I only rise
to oppose the amendment pro forma.
Mr. HALE. I move to substitute one dol-
lar and one cent.
Mr. Chairman, while I have had so far, and
still have, every disposition to sustain the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the bill which is
before the committee, it does seem to me, after
the very elaborate argument reported by the
revenue commissioners on this subject of the
taxation of whisky, in which they very strongly
demonstrate the impropriety of the present
high tax and the propriety of lessening it, the
question ought to be considered in a fuller
House than we have to-night. I rise to sug-
gest the propriety of passing over this section
so that wo may take it up in a day session when
the House is fuller and an opportunity may be
- afforded for an interchange of views. Without
expressing the intention of taking one side or
the other, it seems to me to be a question
which should npt be voted on in a thin House,
Mr. MORRILL. If it were an original ques-
tion very likely I might not disagree with the
gentleman from New York, but I do not sup-
pose any different result would be obtained if
the House were fuller. I think it is the pur-
pose of a very large majority of the House, as
well as of the .country, to try the two dollar
rate until the law has been fully tested.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was then disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That proof spirit
shall be held and taken to be that alcoholic liquor
which contains one half its volume of alcohol of a.
specific gravity of .7039 at sixty degrees Fahrenheit,
andthetaxon all spirits shall be levied according to
their equivalent in proof spirits; and the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to adopt, pro-
cure, and prescribe for use, such hydrometers, weigh-
ing and gauging instruments, meters, or other means
for ascertaining the strength and quantity of spirits
subject to tax, and to prescribe such rules and regu-
lations as he may deem necessary to insure a uniform
and correct System of inspection, weighing, and gaug-
ing of spirits subject to tax throughout the United
States. And in all sales of spirits hereafter made,,
where not otherwise specially agreed, a gallon shall
be taken to be a gallon of first proof, according to
the foregoing standard set forth and declared for the
inspection andgauging of spirits throughout the Uni-
ted States.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 38. And be it further^enacted, That the owner,
agent, or superintendent of any distillery established
as hereinbefore provided, shall erect, m a loom or
building to be provided and used for that purpose,
and for no other, two orinorc receiving cisterns, each
to be at least of sufficient capacity to hold all the
spirits distilled during the day of twenty-four hours,
into one of which shall be conveyed each day all the
spirits manufactured in said distillery during that
day: and such cisterns shall be so constructed as to
leave an open space of atleast three feet between the
tops thereof and the floor or roof above, and ot not
lessthancighteeninchesbetween the bottomsthereof
and the floor below, and shall be separated in such a
manner as will enable the inspector to pass around
the same, and shall be connected with the outlet of
the stills, boilers, or other vessels u^cd for distilling,
by suitable pipes or other apparatus so constructed
as always to be exposed to the viowofthe inspector;
such cisterns and the room in which they arc con-
tained shall be in charge of and under- the lock and
seal of the inspector: and on the third day after the
spirits are conveyed into such cisterns the same shall
be drawn off into casks or other packages, under the
supervision of the inspector, and shall be immediately
inspected, gauged, and proved, and thecals or pack-
ages marked, as herein provided, and bo removed
directly to the bonded warehouse before mentioned:
Provided, That the spirits may be drawn off from said
cisterns at any time previous to the third day, if so
desired by the owner, agent, or superintendent of such
distillery: and all locks and seals required underfills
act shall be provided by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, at the expense of theowner of the di-*Ullcr\, and
shall be combination locks and susceptible of at Past
ninety-six changes, and the bits of the keys thereof
shall be changed at least once a week, and shall
always be in the custody of the inspector or assistant
inspector, or the officer having charge of the distill-
ery and warehouse.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out that
section. It is the most extraordinary contriv-
ance I ever heard of since I read of the cells
under old feudal castles. The man who in-
vented it ought to have a patent. "We are to
have locks with ninety-six combinations and
creeping in and about and around until it
becomes a labyrinth more involved than Crete
ever had. A man who went into it would have
to take a thread with him to find his way out.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope this section will
