1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. CONKLISTO. Why not?
Mr. THAYER. Because the metal is too
valuable; that is a reason which everybody will
understand who knows anything of the value
of nickel.
Mr. CONKLING. Then why put in a pro-
vision that it is not to weigh more than sixty
grains? _
Mr. THAYER. I did not make the bill.
Mr. KxYSSON. I think the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Conklixg] is mistaken in the
weight of the coin with which he institutes a
comparison, and therefore I repeat what I said :
it is better to follow the recommendation of the
officers of the Mint, who I know are opposed
to the creation of large coin of small value,
than to take a doubtful suggestion as to the
weight of the old cent.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would inquire whether
the new coin is to be of the same intrinsic
value as the old five-cent coin.
Mr. KASSON. Of silver? Certainly not.
This is intended as a temporary coin, better
than paper, and to be subsequently redeemed
in the paper that is the legal currency of the
country.
Mr. G.
another standard in addition to what we have
already.
Mr. ICASSON. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question oidered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. K ASS ON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
courts of washington territory.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. A few days ago
the Delegate from Washington Territory [Mr.
Dexxy] introduced a bill in relation to the
courts of that Territory, and moved that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By some mistake the bill was sent to the Com-
mittee on Territories. I now ask that the
Committee on Territories be discharged from
the further consideration of that bill, and that
it be referred to the Committee 011 the Judi-
ciary ; and I also move, at the request of the
Delegate from Washington Territory, that the
bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
UAXiaa'PT LAW.
Mr. CONKLING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States;
■which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select committee on the bank-
rupt law.
safety of steamboat travel.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to which was re-
ferred House bill No. 313, farther to provide
for the safety of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, to regulate the salaries of steamboat
inspectors, and for other purposes, to renort
the same back with sundry amendments! I
am also instructed to move that the bill and
amendments bo printed and recommitted to
the committee; and al.-o that the report from
the supervisor of inspectors be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
eocse's point hailroad bridqe.
Mr. HULBLLRD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to make the railroad bridge
across Lake Chnmplain, at Rouse's Point, a
post route; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee 011 the
Post Office and Post Roads.
reconstruction*.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of New York in regard to the
States lately in rebellion; which were referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction, and
ordered to "be printed.
LAND DISTRICT IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to create an additional land
distx-ict in the State of Minnesota; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
WEIGHING OF EXPORTS, ETC.
Mr. J. HUMPHREY, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to provide for and to
regulate the weighing of exports, and for other
purposes; which was read a first aud second
lime.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the bill may be read.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that upon all weighable articles hereafter ex-
ported, upon which a drawback or return duty
is allowed, and upon all weighable goods with-
drawn from' bonded warehouses for export,
there shall be levied and collected by the col-
lectors of the several ports, three eerrts per one
hundred pounds, to be determined by the re-
turns of the weighers. The bill further provides
that the office of measurer at the port of Now
York shall be abolished, and the duties hereto-
fore performed by the measurers shall be per-
formed by the weighers ; and that the weighers
at the port of New York shall receive, from and
after the passage of this act, an annual salary
of S2.500 each; provided that the increase of
compensation over and above the present sal-
ary of such officers shall not in any fiscal year
exceed the amount of fees earned by them.
Mr. J. HUMPHREY. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
PORT liOl'TES IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
AVWced, That the Committee on i he Po-t Office and
Po.--t Itoads be_ instructed to inciuiro into the neces-
sity and expediency of establishing a post route from
Carthage, Illinois, to iiuriniffton, Iowa; and al.-o a
post route Irom Pilot Grove to Durham, in Hancock
county, Illinois.
AMENDMENT OE PENSION LAtVS.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for
consideration at this time:
Itemized, That tho Committee on Invalid Pensions
he reoue^tc to m iuii ointo the oxpedicney of amend-
ing the exi-thi',' pension laws, as lolloiv. namely:
1. All provisions hereafter ^ranted to be in amount
due to the rank held by the pei.-ou at the time of his
death, discharge, or muster out of service.
1 2. In addition to the fiension now granted or that
may be hereafter authorized, each pensioned soldier
shall be entitled to draw annually one uniform suit
of etothins. the description ot whiehto be determined
by the War Department. '
3. Pensions to be paid quarterly, in lieu of semi-
annually.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
four o'clockand ten minutes p. m.,) the House
adiourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, <ic., were presented under
tnc rule and iviorro'l to tho appropriate comiuiflee>->:
Lv Mr. B I:] AM AN: The oei Uion of E. 1>. Ward,
and 120 othcis, (UizfMsof Michigan, praying that a
tariff may be levied suilieient tu give adequate pro-
tection to Am^vienn labor.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of "William Blake, of
i'ox Lake, Wisconsin, for buck peirion.
Also, the petition of citizcas of Reedshurg, Sauk
county. Wisconsin, for a general law regulating the
business of insurance.
Also, thepetitionofM. C. "Waite, and others,citizens
oi^Laraboo, Sauk county, Wisconsin, on the same
suoject.
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of citizens of
W ashmgfcon, askintc the parage of an act io incorpo-
rate the American Life Insurance Company.
By Mr, CULLOM: Two separate petitions signed
by a large number of citizens of "Woodford county,
j lhnoip, praying that Congress shall inci ea-'e the tariff
upon imported wool.
By Air. DARLING: The petition of William II.
Alien, l,«'e colonel of the first and one hundred and
forty-fwMi .Now York volunteer?, torrelief.
By Mr. DA\L>: The petition of Marshall Parka,
president of the Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal
Company,of North Carolina and Virginia, praying
for aid in improving the natural channels connect-
ing different portions of said canal.
By Mr. DAWES : Tho petition of "William Gold-
thwait, and 437 others, citizens of Massachusetts,
praying for legislation making eight hours a legal
day for labor in the public works.
By Mr. DEFRI3ES: The petition of eitizens of
Allen county, Indiana, askfhg for an increase of the
tariff on wooh
By Mr. ECKLEY : The petition of 315 wool-growers
of Carroll county, Ohio, asking an additional duty on
wool.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of J. W. Don-
ohew, and 40 others, merchants of Cincinnati, pray-
ing that steamboats may be permitted to transport
gunpowder in iron kegs, and that a license shall not
be required for such purposes.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Jason Braman,
and others, citizens of Essex county, New York, for
protection to American industry.
Also, the petition of Joseph Haviland, jr., and
others, -citizens of Warren county, New York, for
increased duties on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of flcrmon 0. Matthews, and
others, citizens of Clinton and E>sex counties. New
York, for protection to American woul-giowers.
# Also, the petition of WmsLow C. Watson, and others,
citizens of Chesterfield, Essex county, New York, for
same purpose.
Also, the petition of Foster Breed, and others, and
petition of J. C. Brevoot, and others, citizens of Crown
Point, Essex county, New York, for same purpose.
Also, the petition of Charles N. Williams, and
others, citizens of Elizabethtown, Essex county, New
York, for same purpose.
Also, the petition of Rosman Fenton, and others,
and petition of Charles H. Walker, and others, citi-
zens of North Hudson, Ei&ex county, New York, for
same purpose.
Also, the petition of William II. G-eorsrc, and others,
citizens of St. Ariaand, Essex county, New York, for
same purpose.
By Mi'- HENDERSON: The petition of citizens of
Washington county. Pennsylvania, asking an increase
of dutv on imported wool.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of George Me-
Chesny, and others, for American register for the
schooner Jessie Conger, of Belleville.
By Mr.HUBBELL, of Ohio: The petitionofGeorge
W. Stevens, jr., and lUo others, eitizens and wool-
grower- oi Union count}, Ohio, praying lor increased
duties on imported wool.
By Mr. J. HUMPHREY: The petition of G. F.
Sherman, and others, lor the regulation of the weigh-
ing of exports, and other purposes.
By Mr. HU BBARD, of We^t Virginia* The petition
of G. A. Parkinson, and '62 other persons, citizens of
Brooke county, We>t Virginia, asking an increase of
the rate of duty on wool of foreign giowih.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The petition of A.
B. C. Hitchcock, and othen, of Shelby county, Ohio,
m favor of a duty on foreign wools of ten cents per
pound and ten per cent. aJ va!orc>/>.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: Several
petitions from citizens of Lawrence and Washington
counties, Pennsylvania, fur an increase of duties on
foreign wools.
By Mr. MORRILLj The petition of 3.000 eitizens
of "Windsor county, V crmont, prayine: that the tariff
laws bo changed so as to give the wool-grower e^ual
protection with the manufacturer.
By Mr. McRUER: The petition of F. F. Low, and
others, citizens of California, for additional duty on
foreign salt.
Bv Mr. .MOULTON: The petition from citizen* of
Bond counry, Xlimoi--, praying for increased tana on
the importation of Joivi-'n wool.
ALo, tho petition of oiuzuns of Greene county, Illi-
nois praying for a national tax of two dollars per
head on dog*.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of Johnson A. Da-
vidson, fur additional compensation for carrying the
mail.
By Mr. MORRIS: Concurrent resolutions of tho
Legislature of the Stateof Now York, declaring that
none of the rebel iiou< Staffs should <\\  re m the legis-
lation of the nation until they are actually in loyal
harmony with the national Government, and that
then their Representatives mu-t be and have been at
ail times loyal to said Government.
rAlsovthe petition of Farley Holme?, J>q., of Pcnn
Yan, New L'oik, and many othei*, asking for ,-omo
law in relation to inter-State m-uninces.
Aho, two petitions, numerouMv suned bv citizens
of the twenty-Jifth congressional du-trict in the State
of .Now \ ork, a -kingfoi an increase oi duty on fort ign
wool.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of LiHel & Smith,
and oim_TS, citizens of Milwaukee, for the en,-..-! -noni
of a law regulating msui anc e in the i i ul rotate--.
< Also, the petition of U (' Suiub, ynd oth-i .cit-
izen* of Walworth county, Wisconsin, for tanii upon
foreign wool*.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition ofas^Ktant a^c^sors
of tho second congressional district of Iowa, asking
for additional compensation.
By Mr. STEYENS_: Resolutions of citizens of North
Hempstead, New York, relative to the civil rights
bill, Arc.
By Mr. UPSON* The petition, of George W. Van
Akin, and 73ofhc) citizens of Girard, Branch eounty,
Michigan, praying for an increase of duties on foioign
wool.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of Hon. John J. Xix,
mayor of the city of Elmirn, New Yoik. and orhctS,
m favor of an mcreaso of tho fnriiFnn ci-aiN.
Also, the petition of Gl wool-growei.-, oi thecountv
of Steuben, iw favor of an inorease of tho duties on
wool,
