812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
the following tribes of Indians, namely, the several
bands of Utah Indians, Jicarilla Apaches, Co-
manchcs, Kiowas, and Prairie Apaches.
LAIsB OFFICES IN WASHINGTON TKItltlTOUY.
Mr. DENNY introduced a bill for the relief f
of land offices in Washington Territory ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
wagon road in colorado.
' Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill for the
construction of a wagon road from Denver
city, Colorado Territory, via Pueblo, to Fort
Garland, in the San Louis Park; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
The SPEAKE R. The next business in order
is taking up resolutions which were offered
tinder the rule, debate having arisen thereon.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. No question of privilege
can be called up to-day during the morning
hour, it being the same as on Monday.
Mr. KASSON. As I understand it, last
Monday morning the State of Iowa was not
included in the call of the States. I have a
resolution in my hand, supposing that Iowa
would be the first State called in order to con-
clude the call.
The SPEAKER. Iowa was called, and also
Wisconsin which succeeded it.
Mr. KA'SSON. I thought Wisconsin came
before Jov?a.
The SPEAKER. In the printed list Iowa
comes first and Wisconsin afterward. Both
were called last Monday week.
message prom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the resolution of the House tend-
ering thanks to Hon. George Bancroft for the
appropriate memorial address delivered by him
on the life and services of Abraham Lincoln,
late President of the United States.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled an act to amend
an act entitled '' Ail act to establish a Bureau
for the Belief of Freedinen and Refugees, and
for other purposes when the Speaker signed
the same.
privilege of the floor.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of the following
resolution, offered on the21-st of December last
by Mr. Smith, of Kentucky, and which laid over
under the rule, debate arising theieon :
IicmJvfd, That James M. Johnson, claiuiiuq to be
amcmbor-eleotto theThirty-Amth Congress irom the
third district. State of Arkansas, bo admitted to the
privileges of the floor ot the liousc during the pend-
ency of his elaim as a member thereof.
Mr. SMITH. I merely wish to remark in
regard to this gentleman from Arkansas, Col-
onel Johnson, that he was an applicant for a
seat upon this floor in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress ; hi-s credentials were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and while that committee
was considering whether he was entitled to a
seat or not, the House granted him the privi-
leges of the floor. He is a gentleman known
to the majority of this House, and one recog-
nized as entirely worthy in e\ ery respect at least
to the privileges of the floor. He was one of
the original loyalists in the State of Arkansas,
and one who never for a moment surrendered
a single opinion or a single thought or feeling
to the rebellion. He enlisted in our Army and
served for over three years with distinction to
himself, commanding a regiment on various
occasions; and he feels, and has so expressed
himself to me, that if lie were denied at this
time the same privilege thai he received from
the House before, which was merely one of
courtesy, it would be a reflection on his loyalty
which was so evidently manifested all the time
during the war in a very rebellious State. I
therefore hope the House will adopt this res-
olution and grant him this privilege.
So far as his credentials are concerned, they
have been referred to the joint committee on
reconstruction, and that committee can discuss
the propriety of admitting him as a member
just as well with this courtesy extended to him
as though it were denied. It is unnecessary to
debate this question as the remarks I have made
show the House precisely what the facts are. I
call for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope the gentleman will
withd raw the previous question for five minutes.
I want to say a single word upon it.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to make a further state-
ment, and I withdraw the previous question for
that purpose.
At the last session of Congress, Colonel
Johnson was paid his mileage and salary dur-
ing the pendency of his elaim here, by a resolu-
tion of the House, and during three years and
a half, as I have already suggested, he com-
manded a regiment in the United States Armv.
While I am upon the floor, I will allow the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [-Mr. Stevens]
to make his remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. I observe that this resolu-
tion proposes to admit some gentleman in the
character of a claimant for a seat from a State
which we have not yet admitted to be entitled
to representation.
I made, some time since, perhaps not a very
fortunate motion to admit five or six gentlemen
wilhout naming where they were from, or in
what character they were here. I had known
some of them here and elsewhere, but I did not
veuture to state that they were claimants for
seats from any State. If I had I should have
consideied it a very bad precedent. It seems,
however, to have been found out that some of
them are claimants from Tennessee, and hence
that unfortunate precedent has led to this res-
olution, aggravated by calling this gentleman a
claimant for a seat from the State of Arkansas.
Now, I think it is premature to admit any of
these gentlemen. The idea of admitting claim-
ants as claimants from any one of these defunct
Slates is monstrous, in my judgment, while the
matter is still before the joint committee for
investigation.
If the gentleman from Kentucky desires to
call the previous question I have no objection,
but I desire to move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. SMITH. I have the floor now, and can-
not yield for that purpose.
With all due deference to the opinion of the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,J I will say that he and 1 differ
very materially upon the point he suggests,
whether the State of Arkansas is defunct or not.
We have differed since I have been here sitting
in Congress, and as long as he entertains the
opinions he now does we will continue to dif-
fer. He has heard me almost as often as I
have beard him upon this question, presenting
our different views in regard to this matter. 1
declare, as a rule of the Government, as a prin-
ciple of the Constitution, and as a precedent of
Congress up to this session, that these States
have all been recognized as States, and not as
defunct, and that these men have been invited
to the privi'eges of this floor by a solemn vote
of this House; and, further, sir, those who
claimed seats from Louisiana and Arkansas in
the lust Congress were paid their salary up to
the time the question was decided.
And further than that, sir, for over two years
after the commencement of the war, not only
claimants, but members were permitted to take
theii seats from those States which were de-
clared to be in rebellion, and which had passed
ordinances of secession.
I am proud, and it will be a source of grati-
fication to me in the future, that I can rise in
my place and declare as a great fundamental
principle, one which has been maintained by
arms, that no State is out of this Union, or
ever has been, and that no State has become
defunct by the rebellion.
It is agreatand glorious privilege that I claim.
It is a grand and glorious principle which was
handed down to me by the fathers of the Revo-
lution. and which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] will by and by acknowl-
edge if Clod peimits him to live a few years
longer.
Gentlemen may say what they please about
the admission of members from the States lately
in rebellion, but the question is to be decided
by us. This question of privilege and courtesy
is not one that involves the eligibility of a man
to a seat upon this floor, i have never asked
that a man who has waged war against this Gov-
ernment, who has attempted to aid in its over-
throw, should be admitted here either as a mat-
ter of privilege or a matter of right. Iiut 1 have
always held that one who comes before us bear-
ing upon him (he scars of battles fought for the
maintenance of the Government, who has gone
through this great campaign for independence
and liberty, who has borne aloft the same flag
that we have attempted to maintain, should, as
a matter of courtesy, be admitted to the privi-
leges of the floor in the national council. I say
it is but a poor boon when granted, and we re-
flect upon our gratitude if we do not grant to
him what we have granted to others.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. SMITH. I will presently; and here I
may be permitted to say that when wc wanted
men from Arkansas and Louisiana and Ala-
bama—I remember it well, ai# so does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Stevens]—
none were louder in their praises of the de-
votion of these men to the Union than was the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania and
others who sit upon that side of the House, and
also those upon this side of the House, because
there is no division upon that subject in refer-
ence to the geography of this House. We all love
to hear of those men from the South. And our
generals and soldiers from the North wrote let-
ters back to us that we read at our desks how
those men were coming from their homes, from
their mountain fastnesses and valleys, and ral-
lying around the flag of their country and giving
their aid to our side of the question.
But now when the war is over, the monstrous
idea has been promulgated in this House that
wherever you find a white man in the South
there you find an enemy of the Government;
and wherever you find a black man there you
find a friend of the Government. That is a
slander upon loyal men like Mr. Johnson; a
slander that I throw back with indignation and
contempt.
I now yield for a short time to the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Kasson.]
Mr. KASSON. As I intend to vote for a
proposition like this in the case of loyal men
from Arkansas, I desire two or three minutes
to state the reasons that will control my action.
The first of all is that we shall be entirely un-
able to convince the people of this country that
we have heard both sides of this question as
long as we keep loyal men at arm's length from ■
our presence, and so distant that we cannot
have any interchange of views in regard to the
interests they represent.
For myself, I stand committed to the admis-
sion of Representatives from no one State of
this Union lately in rebellion except one that
stands in an exceptional relation, and which
was regarded as a State of this Union at the
national Republican convention last held at
Baltimore. I refer to the State of Tennessee.
Touching the other States I am at perfect lib-
erty to vote for or against their representation
here just as my own convictions may prompt
me.
„Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. KASSON. I must be excused at the
present time. Now, when men come here like
Colonel Johnson, whose hands are not red with
the blood of loyal men, and if red at all are red
with the blood of rebels, for us to reject them
from our presence as unclean men, not fit even
to make a showing of their case, is an outrage
upon the popular sense of justice in this coun-
try, against which we cannot sustain ourselves
before the people.
