1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
I have always been taught to hear the other :j
side, accoiding to the old maxim, audi alteram .i
parU'it. anil i am unwilling, silling as a legis- ,|
lator, to decide in a ca«e of which I have not .
heard both sides, as I should be, as a .judge 11
upon the bench, to decide upon an ex pnrtc [!
statement, when both parties were before me. .1
The real question, it seem? to me, which ha? '
not yet been passed upon by this House, or by ;
any eons eution of the party to which 1 belong is, ; i
whether the power that is vacated by the ustir- l!
pation of a rebel Si ate government ascends to ;i
the United States Government in Congress as- j!
sembled. or falls as a lapsed power into the
hand? of the people who are in allegiance to
the Government of the United Stales within
the particular State. I hold, sir, that the power
of reorganization lapses to the loyal people
within that jurisdiction, even if they number
but one in every hundred. Other gentlemen
on this floor hold that it lapses, so to speak, to
the Government of the'United Slates in Con-
gress assembled, though in this view they are
without any precedent in the history of the «' lov-
ernuient to sustain them. 1 hi* more logical is
the position of ray distinguished friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] that our power is
that oi' conquerors, than to maintain that the
power is transferred to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States from an original State of this Union
whose government has beta usurped.
Now, sii, on this question, and on the ques-
tion of loyalty, and on all the questions involved,
1 desire that a loyal man. a fighting loyal mail,
whom the loyal people have sent to represent,
them here, shall be permit-ted to exchange his
views with me and with us all on this iloor be-
fore we decide against him. For thar reason I
ask thai he, may be allowed the privileges of the
floor.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker. I did not intend ;
to make a speech on this question; and as I ;
desire the resolution to be acted on at once, I '
call the previous question. |
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolution !
be laid on the table. _ j
Mr. EE BLOND. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays. j
The ye.;-, and nays were ordered. I
The question was taken ; and it was decided j
in the alnrmative—yeas Ve, nays tit), not voting
3o ; as follows: j
YEAS— Messr-'. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos Ft.
A-hley. B.ik. r. Baldwin. Ibtnk-. Baxter, Bcaman, I
II,mi, iinm, He!'.'e l!, Lhiigliein. l>outweil, 13rom'-vell, ,
B<comal!, Header V. C'l.oke. Sidney Clarke. Conk-
li,,'_ . leak, Deminc. D,xon, Donnelly. Dn?s<, ICsgle- I
ston. Emit, Varn.-v.-orth, Uaiheiu, UrtnneH, lirtrt,
Ilea bu.-on. Ill-toy. Hoimes, HoU,h':i-s, A-uhel AV. '
lidboard, Denlas 1 tub!),! el, .Mm 1L. llnboard. Ifui-
baul, Jencke-, Jul1 id, Ivc'lcy, Kelso, V, Uli.iru I..t\v-
renre, Loan. Loneve ir, Lvnch, \b-Cbui--, .Mctudoe,
MiKee, Jtoorheud, Hon .11. JJ-uri-, Jloaltoa. J1 \ eis,
O'Vcitl. i'. ii!". Pedum, Plant.-. Alexander it. Kice, j
John 11. Itu e. Sawver, Schcuck, Seoilca!. Sloan, Seal
dins. Stevens. Xrovrbnacre. Upson. A an Aerrunn.
Burl Van Horn. Ward, Warner, Elilm it. Wa-h- \
burne, Welkf r. Went worth, Williams, .J-ame- i\ Wil- .
son, Stephen F. Wil-on, and Woodbridaa—78.
X <■ YS — Messrs. Anderson, Bergen, Blame, Boyer, i
Brooks Bnckland. t'nliom. Darling, Ua\is, Dawes, ,
Dawson, fK-l'rees. Kckley, lildridge, Km iiunnr, fceiry, ,
1'tnek, (Jlossbrenner. Gootbear. (1rider, (ii.swobi, i
Hale. Aaion Harding, Abner (J. Haiding. Harris,
Itayes, Hill, James tl. lluhbell, James Uituudirey,
Jitmoi M. llumphroy, ln^'T-.ol!, Johnson. ICa^-on. ,
Kerr. Ivuvkonchill. Laflm. Latham, Ucor-e \ . L:r,v- :
ron^o, \j" ljloud, M'li.-h.ill, ^iiuvion, JU-m-in. Me- j
Callou til. Mdlel. Newell. J. ibbn k, i\ i-hol-op, Nocll,
Orth, Phelps, Pike. Radford, William lb itandall.
Roue,-?, Robins, Bos-, itou^eau, Sh.miUin, Sheila-
bai^r >r, Si?_"rcu\SLiitit, S;ihvoii.^S!rort-e. labor,
Taylor, Thaycv. Jorn L. 'xhoni)^, Ili'Tntun, iriiii-
bie. Lob^i-t T. Vim Jiorn. aini \Y halo\-HiSl
XO I \ OTtXtx—Anfonu, Jawe^M. Ahi-
loy, I) i5'k^r, lUow. Jniudy, Cbiuilei, L^bb,
€u!vor, Di-hno. I)^n\-^n, Dumont, I}i <rin, Hooucr,
Chostci 1>. ilubbfrd. E.hviu X.liubbe!!, Jones. Kut-
cliaip. JUoitue). Mevur, Pattor^^n, i'oincvoy. 1 nee,
Suuiiu-1 11 imlaH, K tvmoiid, Kilter Rial r,l; ranois
Thomas. Voorhoc^, Willi.uii i3. asiiaurn, ^ inuuiii,
Winiicld, ami Wnj,lit—IV>.
So the resolution was laid 011 t!ie table-
Mr. DOUTAVKhL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved thai the mo-
tion to reconsider he laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fUtirr;r r:ov or nicurs nt" dTiZEXr*.
Mr. BINUILVj.X ivportcJ from the joint
committee on reconslructiou a joint resolution
proposint; an amendment to the Constitution of
the United Suites : which was read, as follows:
mi 6// //,■-' and ILfU se nf lltfirescutHttve'i
of lit'' ,v\w. - af A/iicria in ('fmi/r r\s
(two tlunb' oi i-oi.u Siouse.- eoiieurrins./rhat the fo[- !
iowinjj: article be proposed to the Legislature- nt' the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the baited States, w'nieb, when ratiiied liy thiae
fourths ot the satd ]jes:i.-laltires,shall bevalidas laut
ot said Con.-titution. namely:
Aarii'ia. —. The C nsa e^-^ shall hare power to make
all laws which shall be neees^ary and proper to ^eeure
to the eitizens ot eaeh State all privileges, and imrnu-
nitiesot eitizenc m the several State.-: and ro alijier-
son^ in the: cverai States equal protection m the rights
of life, liberty, and property.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and the question was on ordering it
to he engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ELDUIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. Can this joint resolution he presented
and considered at the present time without
unanimous consent ?
The SPEAKEIt. The joint committee 011
reconstruction is authorized to report at any
time, and the report comes up for consideration
al once, to be disposal of by the action of the j
House. _ |
Mr. 131XG HAM. The joint resolution having I
now been read a fir.-t and second tune, I ask ,
that it be printed and be made the special order j
for next Monday, after the morning hour, and ,
from day to day until disposed of. j
The rfPEAIvEit. 1 here are now two special 1
oideis, the bankrupt bill and the loan bill, ]
which antedate this. As special orders must '
be taken up in the order of priority, this joint
resolution may not be reached at the time
named.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
Has the committee on reconstruction the right
not only to report at all times, but the right
al-o, under that power <iiveu to.Uiem by order
of the House, to make special orders at all
times ?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Jlr. 11U00KS. It then requires unanimous
consent!
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. BROOKS. What is (he question?
The SPEAKER. On ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BROOKS. It may be done as well to-
day. if it is to be done at all.
Mr. STEVENS, f suggest to my colleague
on the committee to move that the joint reso-
lution be recommitted, and we can consider it
whenever it may be desired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the joint reso-
lution be recommitted to the joint committee
on i ecoiistraetion. and th.it it be ordered to be
printed , and on that motion I demand the pre-
ions question.
Mr. BllOOiCS. Permit me to ask a question.
Mr. BIXGTTA.M. Yes. sir.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the use of report-
ing from a committee, and on the same day
moving that the same subject be recommitted
to the same committee? Y\ liy recommit to a
committee which has already made up its mind?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman ought to
understand the use of it. If there had been no
objection on the gentleman's part, we would
have made it a special order for Monday next,
alter the morning hour. If recommitted to the
joint eommiftec'on reconstruct!>n, this being
a privileged matter, and the committee being
authorized to report at any time, the com-
mittee may designate the day on which tliev
will report it hack and ask for its consideration
and the action of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. T understand: the eommitU e
can report it back and put it through at any
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. We do not propose to put
it through at any time without a fair hearing.
The gentleman is not to prejudice this matter
by anv remark like that he has just made.
"Mr." BROOKS. I want the count ry to under-
stand hoy- these tilings are managed.
Mr. BINGHAM. 'And 1 want ii to under-
stand who are opixj-cd to oniorenig the writ-
i ten o-uaraniees oi the Constitution,
i Mr. BROOKS. I want it to understand that.
the committee can report at any time, when
nobody knows, and then pass it under the pre-
vious question—a system of gag law.
Mr. BINGHAM. There litis been no prop-
osition of that kind made, and the gentleman's
remark is wholly gratuitous.
Mr. BROOKS. The facts are known, and
the country willjudge between us.
'The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered : and under tho opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was recommitted
to the joint committee on reconstruction, and
ordered to be printed.
LINCOLN EULOGIES.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following joint
resolution:
Be it revolved, a'r.. That one thousand copies of the
memorial reeordsox'the nation's tribute to Abraham,
Lineoln, published by W. it. Sc 0. II. Morrison, und
compiled by It. 1'. Moriis, containing the liistorieal
and official iaets of his assassination and obsequies;
the inauguration of Andrew Johnson as President ot
the United States; thonetion of members of Congress
in the capital 011 tho 17th day of April, 18G5: the offi-
cial orders of tile variousDepai tmentsol the Govern-
ment. imdudmpc tiio.-e ot the Army and Navy, on his
d'-ath; the tributes of eiu/.ens of various States rep-
resented at Yv'ai-hinsnon ; ol the eomis of the Ihstrict
of Columbia, of ioiei^n nations, and ot" American
eitr/ens a broad; and the ruaiions of Hon. Geoige
llanerolt, at New York: ol lion. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of representatives, at Chicago.
Illinois; and of Itev. Ubhop Matthciv Simpson, ii'.fl.,
at Sprmgfield, Illinois, 011 the death and services of
Pre-ideiit Lincoln; together with the memorial ser-
^ Ives held ia honor of his nKinoiy by tlie^C'on.?ress
ot the ("luted States on the l-![h d ly of Fehtuary,
181)0. ami the oration of 11 on. George JJaneroft deliv-
ei ed on that occasion, be published lor the use of
Cougrc-s.
The SPEAKER stated that the resolution
would be referred to the Committee on Print-
i ing, under the law.
PAY OK ASSISTANT ASSI!?SOKS.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of the assistant assessors
of ihe sixth district of Kentucky, asking for
increase of pay, and moved that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
MbSi'AGE FROM Till! HIESIDEXT.
A message was received from the President
! of the United States, by Colonel William (i.
! Mooni:, his Private Secretary, notifying the
| House that I10 had approved and signed bills of
tho following titles, namely:
An act (li. R. No. 14i5J for the relief of
Charles E. Anderson ;
A11 act (II. R. No. :!G) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
I of the I'nited States fir the year ending the
i 30th of .lune, 18o7, and additional appropria-
i tions for theyear ending the 30th of J une, 1806 ;
and
i An act (II. R. Xo. 204j to regulate the regis-
tering of vessels.
BREVET APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. SCI-IE2srCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution in relation to brevet
II appointments and commissions in the United
; i States Army ; which was read a first and second
!i time.
i I he joint resolution was rend. It provides
i, that hereafter every brevet appointmentor com-
! mission conferred upon an olhcer of the Army
; shalL stale for what distinguished act of gal-
■ lantry or meritorious conduct the same was con-
: ferred. ami that the annutR Army Register shall
i contain hereafter, appended to the name of
j' each officer so bi'evetted, such particular act 01
j! gallantry or meritorious conduct for which his
I; brevet was granted.
11 Mr. SCIiENCK moved that the joint reso-
'! lution be referred to the Committee onMililary
11 Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ELT.JIN SANPtntSON.
Mr. SHELL ABARGER, by unanimous con-
. sent. introduced a bill for the relief of Ellen
, Sanderson, withiw of Colonel John P. Sauder-
1 son. the provost marshal general of Missouri;
i which was read a first and s"Cond time, relcrred
| to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ii ordered to be printed,
