1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2837
tot be stricken out. I acknowledge that the
provision is a stringent one, but "it does not
require them to rebuild. They have their cis-
terns'-already and it only requires that they
shall inclose them and that the inspectors may
have a key to the locks of the room in his
possession and be able to go around and see
that there are no secret pipes leading out by
which a few barrels may be drawn out and
sold without paying the tax. I know,of no
way except by some such thorough, stringent
measure as this by which an inspection shall
be made, so that we shall absolutely know
what is done, how much is manufactured daily,
and where it goes. It thus comes under the
supervision of the Government itself. As a
matter of course to do this we have got to
point out with a great deal of particularity the
mode of inspecting and securing the revenue
from distilled spirits.
If any gentleman here knows any better way
to do this as thoroughly and with less trouble
and annoyance to the owner of the distillery, I
shall be very glad to hear it, and should be
very willing to adopt it. But the revenue
commission that looked into this matter and
compared it with the system in other countries
liave been able to devise no better, move simple,
or cheaper means of effecting the object, and
I hope it will prevail.
I will say, however, before I sit down, that
a thing greatly desired by all countries, not yet
attained, but which I hope is to be reached in
this country, is the invention of a meter that
may be fixed to a still by which all the fluid
shall be measured as it is manufactured. It
is declared that such an invention has been
made by a citizen of the United States, and
it is now being examined by the officers of the
Coast Survey and the Smithsonian Institute :
but it cannot be determined in time for the
action of the internal revenue department or
Congress this year. Therefore I hope we shall
be permitted to use this system, however cum-
brous it may appear to be, until another ses-
sion of Congress, when, perhaps, we shall have
found that the invention is a success, and will
  very much simplify this whole matter and ren-
der our revenue from this source more certain.
But until that is done I hop& this House will
stand by the committee in Tnaintaining this
system of thorough inspection.
Mr. BROMWELL. I move to insert the
word "three" in the place of "two" in line
four.
I wish to ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] if this section does not materially
interfere with the business of carrying on dis-
tillation of alcohol. If thebusiness of distilla-
tion is not to be put under the ban of moral
considerations, which I think influences some
minds, if it is to be left like any other business
in this country, as a matter of money and busi-
ness, we certainly do not wish to hamper and
disturb it in its most profitable form.
Now, sir, in regions remote from market,
the corn which is manufactured into whisky is
also made into alcohol, and* I would ask the
chairman of the committee, or the srentleman,
who last addressed the committee, if the re-
quirement of these cisterns and warehouses is
not going to materially interfere with the busi-
ness, of" distilling alcohol. I do not know
enough about this business to give any infor-
mation as to it myself, bnt I understand that it
is a great convenience and saving of labor and
expense if the distiller is allowed to run his
whisky directly into alcohol at his pleasure,
without having it barreled or stored up in a
bonded warehouse.
Now, sir. this will affect the western dis-
tillers injuriously, I think; for it is a great
deal cheaper to ship alcohol to New York or
the eastern market than it is to ship corn and
let it be distilled at the East. Every western
man can see that if a distillery is worth any-
thing to the West, it is worth more for the
purpose of making alcohol than whisky. I
should, therefore, from my understanding of
it, favor the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] to strike out the
paragraph. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment..
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes
twenty-three, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 39. And be it further cnactcd. That any person
who shall knowingly and fraudulently use any false
weights and measures in ascertaining, weighing, or
measuring the quantities of grain, meal, or vegetable
materials, molasses, or beer, or other substances to
be used lor distillation, or who shall fraudulently
make false record ot the same, or who shall destroy
or tamper with any locks or seal which may be placed
on any cistern, rooms, or buildings, by the duly
authorized officers of the revenue, shall be guilty of
a felony, and on conviction thereof shall be impris-
oned for the term of two years, and pay a fino not
exceeding $1,000, in the discretion of the court; and
any person who shall use any molasses, beer, or other
substances, whether fermented on the premises or
elsewhere,forthepurposeot producingspirits,before
an account of the same shall have been registered in
the proper record book provided for this purpose,
shall iorfeit and pay the sum of $1,000 lor each and
every offense so committed.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That on all wines,
liquors, or compounds known or denominated as
wine, made in imitation of sparkling wine or cham-
pagne, and put up in bottles under the label, name,
designation, or similitude of any imported wine, or
wine of foreign growth or manufacture, or with the
appearance or pretense of being imported wine, or
wine of. foreign erowth or manufacture, there shall
be levied and paid a tax of sis dollars per dozen bot-
tles, each bottle containing more than one pint, or
three dollars per dozen bottles, each bottle contain-
ing not more than one pint; and the returns, assess-
ment, collection, and time of collection of the tax on
such imitation wines shall be subject to the regula-
tions of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. And
any person who shall willfully and knowingly sell or
offer for sale any such wine made after the passage
of this act, upon which the tax herein imposed has
not been paid, or which has been fraudulently evaded,
shall, upon conviction thereof, besubjeettoapenalty
of $1,000. orto imprisonment not exceeding one year,
at the discretion of the court.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 move
to amend section forty by striking out the
words "the label, name, designation, or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In lines
five and six I move to strike out the words
"or wine of foreign growth or manufacture."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend that section
in the ninth line by inserting after the word
"pint" the words "and not more than one
quart."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. Unless the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means can give some reason
for retaining the words I move to strike out
the words "or similitude."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the gentleman that he will accomplish his
object by moving to strike out the words
"similitude of;" and insert in lieu thereof
"in imitation of;" so that the clause will read :
T^haton all wines, liquors, or compounds known or
denominated as wine, made in imitation of sparkling
wine or champagne and put up in bottles in imitation
of any imported wine, &e.
Mr., WILSON", of Iowa. I accept that as a
modification of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I move, also, to
strike out in liue six the words "appearance
or." It seems to me that if a man puts upj
wine in bottles audit has the appearance of I
foreign wine, it is rather sharp to subject him
to these penalties. It might be very difficult j
to put up wine in bottles that might not have
the appearance of foreign wine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. At the
request of my critical friend from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] I move to amend the section in line
six by striking out the letter "c'' in the word
"pretence" and inserting "s" in place of it.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Skc. 41. Andbeit further cncteted, That e-rery owner,
agent, or superintendent of any distillery shall, at
all times when required, supply all assistance, lights,
ladders, tool*:, statin?, or othci things neccssary for
inspecting the promises, stock, took, and apparatus
belonging to such person or persons having paid the
special tax aioresaid, and shall open all doors, and
open for examination all boxcs5 ^packages* and all
casks, barrels, and other vessels not under the con-
trol of the inspector, when required so to do by any
duly authorized officer, under a penalty of $200 tor
any refusal or neglect so to do.
Sec. 42. And be it further enactedt That all spirits
distilled shall, before the same are removed to the
bonded warehouse, be inspected, gauged, and proved
by the inspector appointed for that purpose, after the
same has been drawn into casks or packages, each
of not less capacity than twenty gallons, wine msas-
uie, and said inspector shall mark, by cutting .or
branding, upon the cask or package containing such
spirits, in a manner to be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner ot Internal Revenue, the quantity and proof
of the contents of such cask or package, with the
date of inspection, the collection district, the name
of the inspector, and the name of the distiller, and
also the number of each cask in progressive order,
such progressive number, for every distiller, to begin
with number one with the first cask or package in-
spected alter this act, and subsequently with number
one with the first cask inspected on or after the 1st
day of January in each year, and no two or more
casks warehoused in the same year by the same
distiller shall be marked with the same number, and
the officer in charge of the warehouse shall refuse
to allow any cask of spirits to be taken out there-
from which has not cut or branded thereen all the
several paiticulars aforesaid, and in the manner
required by this act. And the inspector or other
revenue ofiicer in charge ot any distillery shall make
a prompt return of all spirits inspected by him in
accordance with the provisions of this act, and the
name of the distiller, to the collector, and a duplicate
thereof to'the assessor of the district; and any per-
son who shall fraudulently evade or attempt fraud-
ulently to evade the payment of the tax upon any
spirits distilled as aforesaid, by changing any marks
upon any such cask or package, or in any other man-
ner whatever, or who shall fraudulently put into such
cask or package spirits of greater strength than that
inspected and certified to by the inspector, shall pay
double the amount of tax on each proof gallon of
the quantity of such spirits, and forfeit and pay as a
penalty the additional sum of $500 for each cask or
package so altered or changed, to be recovered as
herein provided ; and any inspector who shall know-
incrly put upon any such cask or package any false
or fraudulent marks shall, on conviction, be impris-
oned one year, and be liable to a line of $500, in the
discretion of the court; and any person who shall
fraudulently use any cask or package bearing inspec-
tion marks, for the purpose of selling any other
spirits than that so inspected, or for idling spirits of
a quantity or quality diffei ent from Thar so inspected,
shall be imprisoned for a term of six months, or shall
pav a fine ot fclUi) for each cask or package so used,
m the discretion of the court; and any person who
shall knowingly purchase or sell, with inspection
marks thereon, any cask or package, after the same
bas been used for distilled spirits, or who shall
fraudulently omit to erase or obliberate the inspec-
tion marks upon any such package or cask at the
time of emptying the same, shall forfeit and pay the
sum of fifty dollars for every cask so purchased or
used, or on which the marks are not so obliterated.
And any person who shall, with fraudulent intent,
use any inspector's brands or plates upon any cask
or package containing or purporting to contain dis-
tilled spirits, except in the employ of the inspector,
or who shall knowingly make or use any counterfeit
of spurious brand or plate upon any cask or package
ofdistiiied spirits, as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty
of a felony, and on conviction thereof shall forfeit
the same, and shall pay a fine of 81,000, and be im-
prisoned for not less than two nor more than five
years. And any inspector who shall permit any per-
son not employed by him to use any of his brands or
plates, or who shall negligently or willfully leave
such brands or plates where they can he used bv any
other person than those who may be in his employ,
shall pay a fine not exceeding $1,000, in the discretion
of the court. And any inspector who shall employ
any owner, agent, or superintendent of any distillery
or warehouse under his supervision, or who shall
employ any poison in the service of such owner,
agent, or superintendent, to use his plates or brand?,
or to discharge any of theduties imposed by this act
upon such inspector, shall, for each offense so com-
mitted, be subject to the same fine last mentioned.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. On line
thirty-nine, in the forty-second scction, I move
to insert the words " not less than fifty dollars
nor more than so that the clause will read:
And any inspector who shall knowingly put upon
any such cask or package any false or fraudulent
marks shall, on conviction, be imprisoned one year,
and beliabic to a fine of not less than fifty nor more
than five hundred dollars, in the discretion of the
court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYEH. I move to insert iu line
thirty-eight, before the words "shall, on convic-
tion, be imprisoned one year," the following:
And anv inspector, assistant inspector, or officer
temporarily in charge of any distillery under this act,
who shall conspire with the proprietor of any distill-
ery or with anv other person or persons to defraud
the United Statc>of any revenue or tax derived from
distilled spirits or any part thereof, orwho shall with
intent to defraud the United tetates of such revenue
or tax make any fraudulent return, or entry of cer-
tificate of return.shali beguilty of a misdemeanor, &c*
The committee have prepared a very elabo-
rate system of defenses here in regard to the
payment of this tax to protect the Government
