1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1877
By Mr. WElilCEI&i The petitions of J. W. Wor-
cester, and 62 othefs, wool-growers of Pitt-slield towi\-
J ■ ai 'Pn Awi n a IT *vi<*  QO —
ucotci, OJU-J. uavuucidj wwi-^j.uvi'vjisui JTlLl-bUttlU
ship; of Thomas King, and 33 others, wool-growers
of Eaton township; andJ„L. Fisher, and 47 others,
wool-growers of Grafton township, Lorain county,
Ohio, asking for protection on wool.
IJjT SENATE.
Wednesday, April 11, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Edward E. Hale, D. D., of
Boston, Massachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Sam-
uel N. Salomon, executor and sole legatee of
his late father, Haym M. Salomon, deceased,
praying for payment of the amount of moneys
advanced to the Government by his grand-
father, Haym Salomon, during the revolution-
ary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer apetition of citizens
of Massachusetts asking Congress to extend
aid to the European and North American rail-
way. This is a line of railway which, when
completed, will connect Halifax, Nova Scotia,
with all the railways of the United States. It
has already received important assistance from
the State of Maine and the State of Massachu-
setts, and the city of Bangor has voted a loan
of its credit to the amount of 55500,000 to aid
in the construction of the road. On a former
occasion a memorial was presented to Congress
setting forth at length the character of this
road, and asking for assistance. There is also
another measure bearing on this road, which
is now pending before the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate. 1 therefore, in
presenting this petition, ask its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT tempore. That ref-
erence will be ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the petition of
George L. Elder, who was an officer on board
the frigate Congress at the time she was de-
stroyed. He prays that the officers of the
ninety-ninth New Yoik State volunteer in-
fantry, who served on the frigate Congress on
the eighth day of March, ISGli, and thereby lost
their personal effects, may be awarded such
relief as has been granted to the officers of the
Navy and Marine corps under such circum-
stances, or sueli other relief as Congress may
determine. I am not certain whether ibis peti-
tion should go to the Committee on Military
Affairs or the Committee on Naval Affairs. J
will move its reference to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, as tliey made a report on this
subject the other day.
The motion was agreed to.-
Mr. SHERMAN presentecf a petition of
mechanics and laborers in American manufac-
t turing establishments, praying for such an
amendment of the tariff as will protect their
labor to the extent of the difference of the cost
of capital and labor here and abroad; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for an increase of the duty on
foreign wools; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
reports 0j? committees. .
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 76) to grant pensions to "Walter IT. Tinker
and John P. McElroy, of Missouri, have in-
structed me to report it adversely upon the
ground that the general pension laws now pro-
vide for their cases; and the committee there-
fore ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Mrs. Anna G. Gaston, of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, vidow of Albert
G. Gaston, late a lieutenant of the sixteenth
regiment of Virginia volunteers, praying for a
pension, reported a bill (S. No. 261) for the
relief of Mrs. Anna G. Gaston. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom <
were referred the following bills, reported them
severally without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 25) for the relief of Thomas
Hurly;
A bill (H. R. No. 207) granting a pension to
Virginia K. V. Moore;
A bill (H. R. No. 4-13) granting a pension
to Mrs. Elizabeth York, widow of Shnbal York,
late a surgeon in the fifty-fourth regiment Illi-
nois infantry volunteers;
A bill (H. II. No. 4-14) granting pension to
Lewis W. Dietrich;
A bill (II. li. No. 445)for the relief of the
legal representatives 6f Betsey Nash ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 461) granting a pension to
Ann Sheehey.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 258) granting
a pension to Sarah E. Pickell, reported it
adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 446) for the
relief of Nicholas Ilibner, late a private in the.,
sixth regiment Missouri State militia, reported
it without any recommendation.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom were referred two resolutions
inquiring what legislation, if any, is necessary
to protect officers of the Army from arrest, or
prosecution for acts done during the rebellion,
have had that matter under consideration, and
have directed me to report the resolutions back
to the Senate, and to ask to be discharged from
their further consideration, the same matter
having been provided for in a bill which has
heretofore been reported by the committee.
The report was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 61) to extend the time
for the construction of the first section of the
Western Pacific railroad ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the 1'a.eifie Railroad.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
262) to provide for the national defense by
establishing a uniform militia and organizing
an active volunteer militia force throughout
the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
education of soldiers.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 send a resolution to the
Chair, and ask for its adoption now:
Remhnl, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instructed to consider the expe-
diency of providing a mh-m of education for sol-
diers ill the Army of the touted States, so that the
time not occupied in po«t or Karrinon duties maybe
employed in moral and intellectual improvement, to
the end Ulut {tie Army may be a nursery of oiiieery,
and also of citizens.
Thero being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNEIl. Before the vote is taken I
wish to say that my attention has been called
to this question by a letter which I saw m the
papers this morning, from Genera) Lew. Wal-
lace addressed to Hon. John A. Bixciham, of
the other House. It seems to me that this
letter contains some important and piactieal
suggestions, if they can be carried out. I think"
they must elevate the character of our Army and
give to it truly the character of citizen soldiers.
1 was so much struck with them as I read the
letter this morning that I have drawn up this
resolution that 1 might bring the subject iu the
most formal way before the Committee on
Military Affairs of this body.
The resolution was agreed to.
LIQUOR IN I'lIE CAPITOL.
Mr, WILSON. I offer the following con-
current resolution, and ask for ils present con-
sideration ; I do not suppose thero can be any
objection to it:
A resolution prohibiting the sale of spirituous and
other liquors in the Capitol building and grounds.
. Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the salo of spirituous liquors,
wines, and intoxicating drinks of any description
whatever, is hereby prohibited in the Capitol build-
ing and grounds; audit shall bo the duty of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds imme-
diately to cause to be removed therefrom and to
prevent tho sale hereafter of suoh articles in the Cap-
itol building or grounds.
There beiug no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. Docs that only relate to
the sale? I did not hear it distinctly.
Tho Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose the articles aro
not sold, bnt are to be found in tho different
rooms of the Ciljpitol, what is to be done?
Mr. WILSON. -I do not know that we have
power over fhat, but if we have. I should like
to exercise that power. 1 think the articles
should not be brought here or be about the
building; but certainly I think the Capitol of
the United States should not be turned into a
liquor shop.
Mr. JOHNSON. The power you are about
to exert to prevent the sale in the Capitol is a
police power; and under that power you cer-
tainly can say that there sliall be no spirituous
liquors in the Capitol.
Mr. CONNESS. Or authorize them to be
seized if here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Whether it is expedient
to do it is another matter ; that is a point on
which the Senate will decide.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it was
once said that there are as many minds as
men, and then; is no end of wrangling. I had
occasion some years since to discourse with a
reverend doctor of divinity from tho State
which has the honor to be the birth-place, 1
think, of the present President of this body.
While, I was discoursing with him, a lot of\ile
rapscallions invited me to join them at the bar.
1 declined, out of respect to the reverend gen-
tleman in whose presence I then was. As soon
as the occasion had passed, 1 remarked to the
reverend doctor, " Do not understand that I
declined to go and join f hose young mfcn at the
bar because 1 have any objection to that thing,
for it is my habit to drink always in the front
and not behind the door." He looked at, nic
with a certain degree of interrogation. 1 then
asked liiin, " Doctor, what was the first mir-
acle worked by our great Master ?" He hesi-
tated, and I said to him, " Was it not al, Cana
in Galilee where he converted the water into
wine, at a marriage feast?" JTe assented. 1
asked him then, "After the ark had floated on
the tempestuous seas for forty days and nights,
and as it, descended upon the dry land, what
was the first thing done by father Noah?"
He did not know that exactly. "Well," said
I, "did he notplant a vine?" Yes, ho remem-
bered it then.
I asked him, "Do you remember any great
poet that ever illustrated the higher fields of
humanity that did not dignity the use of wine,
from old Homer down?" He did not. I asked,
" Do you know any great philosopher that
did not use it for the exaltation of hi$ intelli-
gence ? Do you think, doctor, that a man who
lived upon pork and beef and corn bread could
get up into the superior regions—into the ethe-
real?" No, he must
" Take nectar on high Olympus
And mighty mead in Valhalla."
T said to him again, " Doctor you are a, schol-
arly man, of coursc—a doctor of divinity -a
graduate of Yale; do you remember Plato's
Symposium?" Yes, he remembered that. I
referred him to the occasion when Agatho, hav-
ing won the prize of Tragedy at the Olympic
Games at Corinth, on coming hack to Athens
wnsfcted by the nobility and aristocracy of that
city, for it was a proud triumph to Atheu; to
win the prize of Tragedy. They got together,
affile, house of Phydius, and they said, '• Now,
we have been every niglil for these laul six
