1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....1stSSess.
of the President, per third article treaty thir-
teenth May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
one thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per third article treaty thirteenth May,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, six hundred
dollars.
Rogue Rivers,
For thirteenth of sixteen installments in
blankets, clothing, farming utensils, and stock,
per third article treaty tenth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-three, two thousand live
hundred dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty third November, eight-
een hundred and four, one thousand dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty eleventh October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
centum, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty twenty-first October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
Seminoles.
For the last of ten installments for the sup-
port of schools, per eighth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three
thousand dollars.
For the last of ten installments for agricult-
ural assistance, per eighth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
two thousand dollars.
For the last of ten installments for the sup-
port of smiths and smiths' shops, per eighth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two thousand two hundred
dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annu-
ity, per eighth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as
annuity, they liavingjoined their brethren West,
per eighth article treaty seventh August, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five
hundred dollars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eighteen
hundred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-
eighth February, eighteen hundred and thirty-
one, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six
hundred dollars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, inlieu of interest on
stock, per act of nineteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, six thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per
act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, three thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from On-
tario Bank to the United States Treasury, per
act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, two thousand one hundred and
fifty-two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per fourth articl e treaty twen-
tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred aud
fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For thirteenth installment of interest, at
five per centum, on forty thousand dollars
for education, per third article treaty tenth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thou-
sand dollars.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth
September, eighteen hundred and seventeen,
and third article treaty tenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New Torlc.
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty eleventh
November, seventeen hundred and ninety-four,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
Umpquas (Cow Creek Rand.)
For thirteenth of twenty installments in blan-
kets, clothing, provisions, and stock, per third
article treaty nineteenth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, five hundred and fifty
dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias, of Umpqua Valley,
Oregon.
For second of five installments, of the third
series, of annuity for beneficial objects, to be
expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
seven hundred dollars.
For twelfth of fifteen installments for the pay
of a physician and purchase of medicines, per
sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
dollara.
For twelfth of twenty installments for the pay
of a teacher and purchase of books and sta-
tionery, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand four hundred and fifty dollars.
Winnebagos.
For interest on one million dollars, at five
per centum, per fourth article treaty first No-
vember, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
fifty thousand dollars.
For twentieth of thirty installments of inter-
est on eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per
centum, per fourth article treaty thirteenth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-six, four
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For the erection of a saw-mill, with grist-
mill attached, on their new reservation, as per
third article treaty of March eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For expense of breaking and fencing one
hundred acrcs of land for each band of said
Indians, as per third article treaty of March
eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, nine
thousand and eighty-seven dollars and sixty
cents.
For expense of sowing and planting one
hundred acres of land for each band of said
Indians, and furnishing seed for the same, as
per third article treaty of March eighth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, five thousand seven
hundred aud fifty dollars.
For the purchase of guns for said Indians,
as per third article treaty of March eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, two thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of four hundred horses,
one hundred cows, twenty yoke of oxen, twenty
wagons, and forty chains, as per third article
treaty of March eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, and Senate amendment thereto of
February thirteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, sixty thousand three hundred dollars.
For the purchase of agricultural implements,
as per third article treaty of March eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For the erection of an agency building,
school-house, warehouse, and suitable build-
ings for the physician, carpenter, interpreter,
miller, engineer, and blacksmith, on the new
reservation of said Indians, as per fourth arti-
cle treaty of March eighth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, twenty-one thousand dollars.
For erection of a house for each chief of the
said tribes, as per fourth article treaty of March
eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, twenty-
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses of the removal of the property
of said Indians to their new homes, as per fifth
article treaty of March eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, three hundred dollars.
For subsistence of the Winnebagos for one
year after their arrival at their new homes, as
per fifth article treaty of March eighth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, ninety-six thou-
sand dollars.
Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians of Wis-
consin.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
take charge of certain stray bands of Winne-
bago and Pottawatomie Indians in the State of
Wisconsin, five thousand dollars.
Yancton Tribe of Sioux.
For eighth of ten installments to be paid to
them or expended for their benefit, commen-
cing with the year in which they shall remove
to and settle and reside upon their reserva-
tions, per fourth article treaty nineteenth April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, sixty-five
thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians,
of Willamette Valley.
For second of five installments of the sec-
ond series of annuity for beneficial objects, per
second article treaty twenty-second January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousand
five hundred dollars.
Foncas.
For the third of ten installments of the see-
ond series, to be paid to them or expended for
their benefit, commencing with the year in
which they shall remove to and settle upon the
tract reserved for their future homes, per sec-
ond article treaty twelfth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, ten thousand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for the es-
tablishment and maintenance of one or more
manual-labor schools, under the direction of
the President, per second article treaty twelfth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, five
thousand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in
furnishing said Indians with such aid and as-
sistance in agricultural and mechanical pur-
suits, including the working of the mill pro-
vided for in the first part of this article, as the
Secretary of the Interior may consider advan-
tageous and necessary for them, per second
article treaty twelfth March, eighteen huudred
and fifty-eight, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
D' Wimish and other allied Tribes in Wash-
ington Territory.
For seventh installment on one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, under the direction of
