2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
against frauds on the revenue. But after all
it mnst be evident to every one that notwith-
standing all the precautions to which you resort,
notwithstanding all the building regulations
and combination locks and everything else you
have put into your bill, you must at last depend
upon the good faithof the inspector, You must
ha^e some hold upon the inspector, or all your
precautions will be worthless. You have pro-
vided every other precaution ; but you have no
sufficient precaution against his peculation.
" Quis cuslodiet ipsos cusiodes V Who is to
inspect the inspector? Nobody. Now, I pro-
pose. by my amendment, to obtain a hold upon
these inspectors, so that if the only persons
whom we can hold for the payment of this tax
shall play false to the Government they shall
be punished in a manner adequate to prevent
the commission of the offense in the future.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer'
that I think the object he has in view is pro
vided for in section forty-six of this bill.
Mr. THAI: ER. I do not think that is the
case. I think my amendment better bo in-
serted, and then if it shall be found that it is
already provided for in another part of the bill
it can be changed afterward.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. The very excellent amend-
ment, as I regard it, of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] which has just
been adopted, reminds me of one I attempted
to -have made in the thirty-third section of this
bill, and if I am permitted to move it now, I
think the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Mokiull] will not object to
it. My amendment was to prohibit any one
inspector being on duty more than sixty days
continuously in any one distillery. I therefore
ar.lt permission to go back to the section f have
named in order that I may renew the amend
menf.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend section
thirty-three by inserting after the sentence end-
ing with these words, ''but no compensation
shall be allowed to such inspector for more
than one inspection of such spirits," the words
" and no inspector shall continue on duty at
one and the same distillery for more than
sixty days continuously." A large number
of inspectors being employed, they may be
changed from distillery to distillery without
much inconvenience. As was remarked by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,]
one of the great evils to be guarded against is
the danger of collusion between the inspector
and the distiller. Now, a distillery is a very
seductive place, and an inspector who is con-
^ stantly associated with the distiller and his men
may become more intimate with them than he
should he.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man if he thinks we cannot find men who will
remain honest more than sixty days.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no doubt there are
those who would continue honest for a longer
period than that; but there are many who can-
not remain honest for a single day. Every
member here knows the effect of constant as-
sociation. A gentleman here who sits at the
same desk with another does not like to vote
against him ; and when he feels compelled to
do so, he gets as far over on the other side as
possible. You do not like to vote against the
man who messes with you, with whom you
, have_ sat day after day at the same table. And
that is precisely the danger to be apprehended
J"ese inspectors, from long association
with these distillers. After a time they become
intimately acquainted with them, and if they
do not become attached to them, thevarp "hail
fellows well met" with the distillers and the!
men. The Methodist church understands this
perfectly well, and they do not allow one of
their preaehers to remain more than two years
continuously with the same congregation.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman 
Mr. SCHENCK. f do not yield.
Mr. PRICE. I only want to say—r~
Mr. SCHENCK. I will not allow myself
to be interrupted.
Mr. PHICE. But the gent 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Pkice] is not in order, and will
take his m'u t.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a principle of
human nature involved in this, whatever the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] may thirjk
of it. Offering the amendmentas I do in good
faith, I hope the vote will now be taken, and
the amendment adopted.
Mr. PRICE. I am in order now, I believe.
I only want to say that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] is not posted on the sub-
ject of the Methodist church. He better make
himself acquainted with that subject before he
refers to it, here.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Schenck.
Tellers were ordered; aud Messrs. Schenck
and Gakfield were appointed.
Mr. MORRILL. The vote upon this amend-
ment can be taker, to-morrow. I now move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1804, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had made com-
mendable progress therein, but had come to
no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE,
(at ten o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rale and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DARLINQ : Thepetition of Field & Evans,
manufacturers of pearl buttons, in the city of New
York, for an increase of tariff on pearl buttons.-
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of Nathaniel
Bedell, and 500 others, citizens and wool-growers of
Huron county, Ohio, praying for increased duty on
foreign wools.
. By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
asking for an increase of duties on foreign wools.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Dr. Benjamin
Malone, late paymaster United States volunteers,
who was robbed of funds drawn to pay troops with,
and whose claim for relief has been reported upon
favorably by Judge Advocate Turner.
By Mr. SAWYER: The memorial of the board of
directors of the Sugar River Yalley Railroad Com-
panyfor a grant of land to aid in the construction of
the Sugar River Valley railroad, from Freeport, in
Illinois, to Ma.dison, in Wisconsin.
By Mr. SLOAN: Th e petition of the board of direct-
ors of the Sugar River Valley Railroad Company for
a grant of land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Freeport, Illinois, to the city of Madison. Wis-
consin.
By.Mr. F. THOMAS: The petition of John Todd,
praying compensation for services rendered to the
Army of the United States during the late war against
the southern rebellion.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, 26, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask unanimous
consent that the morning hour to-day shall be
dispensed with that we may proceed with the
consideration of the tax bill. If this consent
shall be given, I propose to yield to several gen-
tlemen to present matters that will take but
little time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Several Members. Oh, no!
.Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
_ Mr. INGERSOLL. If the House considers
it of more importance to dispose of the tax bill
than to get the canal and sewerage bill out of
the way, I do not know that I ought to insist
on my objection. I know that this sewerage
bill does not interest the House; but it is desir-
able that it should be disposed of that other
reports may bo made. There are several com-
mittees that have been waiting for some time
an opportunity to report.
It is, I observe, thegeneral disposition of the
House to take up the tax bill; and I will there-
fore withdraw my objection. In consideration
of this, I trust the House will give unanimous
consent that a morning hour of some early day,
next Monday or Tuesday perhaps, shall be
given to the disposition of the canal bill.
The SPEAKER. What day does the gen-
tleman propose?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. Is there unanimous con-
sent that the morning hour of next Tuesday
shall be devoted to the consideration of the
canal and sewerage bill?
Several Members objected.
Mr, INGERSOLL. Well, then, say Mon-
day.
The SPEAKER. Monday cannot be as-
signed for that purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I withdraw tlia
request.
passports.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on
the Judiciary the bill (IT. R. No. 568) entitled
"An act to repeal section twenty-three of chap-
ter seventy-nine of the acts of the third session
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress relating to pass-
ports," with a recommendation that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Add at the end of the bill the words, "and hereafter
passports shall be issued only to citizens of the United
States."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider "
the vote by which the amendment of the Sen-
ate was concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad and telegraph lixe.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous
consent, SenateSoill No. 123, entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad in California, to Portland, in
Oregon," was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
kepaijl of potomac bridge.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions a joint resolution making an appropriation
for the repair of the Potomac bridge; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the House will con-
sent to consider and pass this joint resolution
at the present time. The Long bridge has for
a long time been out of repair, so as to be im-
passable. We are informed that if this appro-
priation be made, the bridge can be put in
perfect order within a week, while if the work
be delayed till the ordinary appropriation bill
shall have passed, the necessary repairs can-
not be made for some time.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution, after which the Chair will ask for
objections, if any.
_ The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides for an appropriation of $10,000 to enable
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds to place the Potomac bridge in such
repair as to render it permanently passable,
the work to be done immediately after the
approval of this joint resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
whether the report of the civil engineer of the
Interior Department with reference to the re-
pairs of the Long bridge has been submitted
to the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe that no formal
report has been submitted.
