1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
nights drank; let us be sober to-night, and we
will start a themewhich they passed around
the table as the sun goes round, or as they
drank their wine, or as men tell a story. They*
started a theme, and the theme was love—not
love in the vulgar sense, but in its high sense
—love of all that is beautiful. After they had
gone through, and after Socrates had pro-
nounced his judgment about the true and beau-
tiful, in came Alcibiades with a drunken body
of Athenian boys with garlands around their
heads to crown Agatho and crown old Socrates,
and they said to those assembled, "This will
not do ; we have been drinking and you have
notand after Alcibiades had made his talk
in pursuance of the argument in which he un-
dertook to dignify Socrates, as I remember it,
they required (after the party had agreed to
drink, it being quite late in the evening, and
they had finished their business in the way of
discussion) that Socrates should drink two
measures for every other man's one, because
he was better able to stand it. And so one
after another they were laid down on the lounges
in the Athenian style, all except an old physi-
cian named Aristoaemus, and Plato makes him
the hardest-headed fellow except Socrates. He
and Socrates stuck at it until the grey of the
morning, and then Socrates took his bath and
went down to the groves and talked Academic
knowledge.
After citing this incident I said to this divine,
" Do you remember that Lord Bacon said that a
man should get drunk at least once a month,
and that Montaigne, the French philosopher,
indorsed the proposition?''
These exaltants that bring us up above the
common measuie of the brute, wine and oil,
elevate us, enable us to seize great facts, in-
spirations. which, once possessed, are ours for-
ever : and those who never go beyond the mere
beastly means of animal support never live in
the high planes of life, and cannot'achieve them.
I believe in women, wine, whisky, and war.
Mr. V, 1LSON. Mr, President, I am content
to pass the resolution in the form in which it
ha«3 been introduced. We had hero last year,
I believe, a shop for the sale of whisky; and
I understand that there are two in the Capitol
now, but not at this? end of it. I think it is
bad enough to bring liquor here in any form,
whether it comes into the committee-rooms or
comes in the form suggested some time ago by
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Nesmith,] when
he spoke of some persons who had great capacity
to throw themselves on the outside of a quart
of whisky.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to make one remark?
I forgot to add that the reverend doctor said
to me, ''Well, General, you are right: but I
cannot afford to say it."
Mr. WILSON. We all know, Mr. President,
that in our day old Bourbon has about as much
inspiration as gin had in the days of Byron. I
think the Legislatures of this country can dis-
charge their duties quite respectably without
worshiping at that shrine, especially in the Cap-
itol of the country. If they desire to do it, I think
they had better do it away from the Capitol
and the public grounds. I hope that the reso-
lution, in the form in which it is introduced,
will be-passed, and that the Commissioner who
has charge of this building will see to it that
the Capitol is no longer disgraced by the sale
of these articles ; and if they are brought hero,
as I understand they have been in times past,
by officers of the Senate, and by men connected
with the Senate and House of Representatives,
and kept in the committee-rooms and given
away—and I understand that within the last
three years boys employed in the public service
here have been taxed to pay for liquors that
members of Congress have drunk—T think it
is time to put an end to such things. T am con-
tent for one that we should not have the mighty
inspiration of old Bourbon or gin or wine or
any of those things that take mortals to the
akies. l.et us be content to legislate us plain,
practical, public men, and leave the inspiration
fa others-,
Mr. McDOUGALL called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution ; and they
were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that this reso-
lution had better be referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds. As I un-
derstand it, the control of this wing of the Cap-
itol hitherto has been in charge of the Presi-
dent of the Senate, and the other wing has been
in charge of the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives. I do not know that it is wise for
us, without the slightest consideration, to take
the control of this building from the charge of
these two .custodians and transfer it to the
Commissioner of Public Buildings. I would
rather have the opinion of my friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Brown,] who stands as chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, on that subject; at any rate, I should
then be better prepared to vote for it. I sym-
pathize fully with the Senator from Massachu-
setts in the object he seeks to accomplish, and
would like to drive all the whisky out of the
Capitol; but I think we had better give the
subject a little more consideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish it to be
understood, from the fact that the Senator
from Massachusetts has so much information
on this subject, that every other Senator has
the same information. I did not know that
there was any liquor of any sort sold about the
Capitol. I have been here for two or three
years, and was entirely ignorant of it; but if
the case is as he states I shall not object to the
resolution. I shall vote either to refer the
resolution, or for the resolution itself; I do not
care which. I merely desire it to be under-
stood that it is not such a general thing as to
have attracted the attention of others. I did
not know there was any such evil as the Sen-
ator speaks of. I have not heard any other
Senator speak of it in this locality.
Mr. CLARK. I have not had occasion to
know so much about it at this session as at a
former session, but it is apparent to everybody
that there is too much liquor of some kind too
near the Capitol; and I can state what is a
fact, not at this session, but at a former ses-
sion, that the very pages, the little boys whose
mothers have put them here for their support,
have been made drunk in this Capitol by liquor
furnished here, and it ought to be prohibited.
It is an inspiration beginning too low down a
great deal with the rising generation to be tol-
erated anywhere. I do not know that this res-
olution is quite right; I do not wish to remove
! the jurisdiction of the building from the Pres-
' ident of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives; but I presume this
resolution will not do it. But something should
be done, sir—not confined entirely to this Sen-
ate or to the House: for I fear that the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings himself should
look after some of those in his employ and see
that they do not come into this building in a
state in which they ought not to be here. "Sir,
the evil has come to be too injurious : and the
Senate cannot go on much longer in the direc-
tion in which it has been going without becom-
ing disgraced in the eyes of the nation. We
should remove far away from us such a cause
of offense and stumbling; and, Mr. President,
if we are not as we ought to be ourselves, God
forbid that we should educate these little boys
to become what they ought not to be.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to remind the
Senate, if it has not already been adverted to,
that at the close of the last session a resolution
similar to the one now pending, but confined in
its operation to this end ©f the Capitol, was
passed.
Mr. WILSON. At the special session of the
Senate, after the -1th of March, 1865, we passed
a resolution on this subject applying to this end
of the Capitol. I do not know that there is any
particular complaint here, but these articles
are kept for sale in the Capitol. I am willing
to change the resolution, if it is thought best
not to leave the matter entirely to the C'ommis-
i sioner of Pubiic Buildings, so as to make it the
' clnty of the Pfo^idnnt of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives im-
mediately to take measures for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is best as it is.
I think it ought to be left with the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings.
•Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
from Massachusetts, who has charge of the
Capitol police? Under whose directions are
they placed ?
Mr. WILSON. I suppose under the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, as amatter of course,
the resolution will have to be carried out through
these agents employed by us for the protection
of the Capitol, and 1 think whoever.has com-
mand of these policemen ought to have charge
of this duty.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that it be the
Commissioner of Public Buildings under the
direction of the President pro tempore of the
Senate and the Speaker of the House of Rep-
rentatives.
Mr. CLARK. That is a good suggestion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the resolution is
precisely right the way the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has it. If the amendment suggested
should be adopted the Presiding Officers of the
two Houses would simply give the direction to
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and it
would involve the necessity of their meeting
together. Some one suggested to me that it
was a reflection on the Presiding Officers to
clothe the Commissioner of Public Buildings
with this authority ; but it is not so. The Pre-
siding Officers of the two bodies, according to
my experience, have never pretended to take
charge generally of the building. They merely
take charge of the Chambers, and the building
is under the control of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, who is a permanent officer
nominated to the Senate by the President and
employed during the whole year. He sees to
the building as well during the recess as during
the session of Congress. I think he is the
proper officer to be charged with this duty. It
seems to me the resolution is precisely right,
and that we should see that no liquors are sold
in this building or on these grounds, as well in
the recesS as during the session of Congress.
No portion of the building or grounds should
be made a whisky shop of at any time. I
think the resolution is in proper form, leaving
it to the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
see that this duty is performed, and if it is not
we can hold him responsible for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think the reso-
lution is anyreflection on the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses; but still I think, as the
Capitol has always been heretofore under the
direction of the Presiding Officers of the two
Houses, that it had better not be changed in
that respect. I move, therefore, to amend the
resolution by inserting after the words " Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds"
the words "under the direction of the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate and Speaker
of the House of Representatives."
Mr. GRIMES. That is right.
Mr. CONNESS. It is dividing #the authority;
that is the difficulty.
Mr. ANTHONY. We want to divide tho
authority. We want the President of the Sen-
ate to have direction of this end of the Capitol
and the Speaker of the House direction of the
other end. I do not wish the authority to be
given to one body alone. I wish it to be
divided, each having charge of its own juris-
diction.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator does not
understand what I mean. My objection to his
amendment is that it is dividing the authority
as to the exercise of that authority over this
subject. It makes it necessary that these two
officers, the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the House of Representatives, shall agree
to give orders to the Commissioner of Public
Buildings. Why not order him at once to sup-
press this abuse? It is a question that the
President of this body does not want to deal
with ; it is strictly a question of police.
It need not be said that it is a disgrace that,
