814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
DAVID BKEXI,EK.
Mr. PAINE asked leave' to withdraw from
the files of tlie House certain papers in the ease
of the claim of David Drexler, of Louisiana,
for losses incurred from military operations,
copies of the same to be left on file.
So objection being made, leave was granted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting, in compliance with the acts of Con-
gress of August 10,1312, and August 18, 1856,
a report on the commercial relations of the
United States with foreign nations for the year
ending September 30,1815-5.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the report be laid on the table and printed,
and that five thousand extra copies thereof be
printed.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I rise to a question of
privilege. I call up the majority and minority
reports of the select committee on the Michigan
contested seats. The gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Beamam] and the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] wish to be heard on the sub-
ject, after which the contestants will be heard
if they choose.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to state that the
contestant, Mr. Baldwin, is quite unwell, and
not able to speak.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. When we reach that point,
after these othergentlemen are heard, that ques-
tion may be considered.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to know
whether Mr. Baldwin will be permitted to have
his speech printed without delivering it?
Mr. SCOFIBLD. 1 presume there will be
no objection : bnt it will be time enough to raise
that question when Mr. Baldwin gets the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. If he is not permitted
that privilege, lie would prefer that the House
should postpone the subject until he is able to
speak. He is not able this morning to do so.
Mr. SC0FIEL1). I shall make no objection.
The Clerk read the majority report, as fol-
lows :
The Committor of Elections 1 o whom was referred
the petition of Augustus C. Baldwin, claiming a seat
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress as Representative from
the fifth congressional district of Michigan, report us
follows: _
There is no question of fact, and only one of law, in-
volved in this contest. The constitution of the State
of Michigan, article seven, section one, reads as fol-
lows:
" Skc. 1. In all elections, every white male citizen,
every white male inhabitant residing in the Stale on
the 24th day of June, 1835; every white male mhaio-
itant residing in the State on the 1st day of January,
1850, who has declared his intention to become a cit-
izen of the United States, purMiantto the l;nvs thereof,
six months preceding an clccfion, or who has resided
in this State two years and six months, and declared
his intention as aforesaid, and every civilized male
inhabitant of Indian descent, a native of the United
State?, and not a membci of any tribe, shall be an
elector and entitled to vote; but no citizen or inhab-
itant shall be an elector, or entitled to vote at any
election, unless he shall be above the age of twenty-
one years, and has resided in the State throe months,
and in the township or wnrdm which he uffersto vote
ten days next preceding Mich election."
The first and second section-; of an act of the Legis-
lature of that State, passed Fcbruaxy 5, 1804, are as
fol lows:
"SEC. 1. The peojdc of the Stnfe of Mich'tymi enact,
That every white male citizen or inhabitant of tin*
State, of the age of twenty-one years, possessing the
Qualifications named in article seven, section one. of
the constitution of the State oi Michigan, in the mil-
itary service of the United State? or of thsState, in
the Michigan regimentcompanies, or batteries, shall
be entitled to vote at all of the elections authorized by
law, as provided in this act, and eveiy such citizen or
inhabit ant shall thus be en tit lei, in the manner herein
prescribed, whether at the lime of voting he shall be
within the limits of this State or not.
Skc. 2. Every soldier belonging to Michigan regi-
ments and batteries or companies, in the military ser-
vice of this State or ol the United States, or volunteer
soldiers, residents of Michigan, belonging to regi-
ments, batteries, or companies, present on the day of
election trom otner States, including officers and their
starts, surgeons, and assistant surgeons, chaplains and
commissioncis appointed under this act, shall ifpos- i
sessed of the quo Ufieations set forth in Mention one of :
this act, be entitled to the benefits of the provisions i
thereof," j
Under this act of tho Legislature, a large number of j
votes were cast by soldiers outside the limits of the
State. If these votes can bo lawfully counted, Mr.
Trowbridge hasamajorily of tho whole, and is entitled
to the seat; if not, Mr. Baldwin, having a majority of
the home vote, is entitled to it. It will be observed
that the elector is prohibited by the constitution of
the State (taking the interpretation of its supreme
court as correct) from voting outside cf the township
or ward in which he resides, but by the act of the
Legislature is allowed, when absent in the military
service of the country, to vote even outside the State.
Here is an unmistakable conflict of authoiity. The
constitution plainly prohibits what the Legislature as
plainly permits. The one authorizes the election to
be held only in the township or ward—the other at
military headquarters. The power to act at all in the
premises, so far as concerns Representatives in Con-
gress, is derived from article one, section four, of the
Constitution of the United States, which ih at follows
" The times, places, and manner of holding elections
for Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereof; but Con-
gress) may at any time by law make or alter such reg-
ulations, except as to tho pi aces of choosingSeruitors."
Here the power is conferred upon the Legislature.
Butwhatis meant by "the Legislature?" Does it
mean the legislative power of a State, which would
include a convention authorized to prescribe funda-
mental law, or does it mean the Legislature co nomine,
as known in the political history of the country ? The
committee have adopted the latter construction. At
the time the Constitution of the United States was
written, there existed in the thirteen States tor which
it was designed, Legislatures, created or restrained by
some fundamental law, in the shape of charters or
constitutions, very much as they exist in the several
States now. \Vith this fact before them, it is not prob-
able that the frainers of the Constitution, if they in-
tended to confer this power upon State organic con-
ventions, would have chosen some word less liable to
misconstiuction. It is also apparent, from the man-
ner in which this word is used in other parts of the
instrument, that its l'raniers recognized a wide differ-
ence between a continuing Legislature and aconven-
tion temporarily clothed with power to prescribe
fundamental law. Article five provides that Congress
" shall call a convention for proposing amendments "
* "on application of the Legislatures
of two thirds of the several States." ALso that amend-
ments shall be valid when "ratified by the Legisla-
tures of three fourths ot the several States, or by con-
ventions of three fourths thereof, an the one or the
other mode of ratification maj be proposed by the Con-
gress." Articlesevenprovides that "the ratification
of the conventions of nine States shall be sufficient
for the establishment of this Constitution between
the States so latilj-ing the same." Tho Convention
closcd their labors with the following: resolution:
" Resolved, That the preceding Constitution be laid
before the United States in Congress assembled; and
that it is the opinion of this Convention that it should
afterward be submitted to a convention ot delegates
chosen in each State by the people thereof, under the
recommendation eff its Legislature."
In these extracts the words " Legislature " and " con-
vention" are both used to denote different legislative
bodies, and in such contract as to clearly indicate
that the former is employed in its historic ratherJthan
in its normal sense.^ In article one, section two, the
words of the Constitution are^'the electors in each
State shall have the. qualifications requisite for the
most numerous branch of th e State Legislature." Did
anybody ever hear of a constitutionaiconvention in the
history of this country composed of two ho uses? Article
one, section three, provides that "the Senate shall be
composed of two Senators from each State, chosen by
the Legislature thereof." In auiele two, section one,
it is said " each State shall appoint, in such manner as
the Legislature thereof may dir.ect, a number of elect-
ors," &c. In section eight of article one, " the consent
of the Legislature of a State" is lequired before the
United Statcscan purchase places for forts, Are. Again,
in article four, section four, it is said that "on appli-
cation of tile Legislature, or the U.vi ulive. f\\ hen the
Legislature cannot be convened,) Congiess shall pro-
tect each State against domestic violence." It will
hardly be claimed that a constitutional convention
could peifonn the duties thus conferred upon the
Legislature; much less that it could l'orbid the Legis-
lature co nomine from discharging them alter its own
dissolution.
But the legislation of Michigan may be sustained
as against the constitution of that State even if the
word Legislature is to be taken in \\* most enlarged
sense. Whatever power the convention oi thai State
possessed to prescribe the places of holding elections
for Representatives in Congress wa^ deiivcd, not
like its other powersvirom the people, but trom the
Constitution of the United States, and that, too, be-
cause it was a constructive Legislature. The power
conferred is a continuing power. It is not used up
when onoe exercised, but survives the dissolution of
the convention. The words of the Constitution are
as potent then as before, and if there is any legisla-
tive body in the Slate that con be properly called a
Legislature they appertain to it as stiongly as to any
prior legislative body. They do not authorize any
convention or Legislature to tie the hands of its suc-
cessors. Tlicpeopleauthorizeaconventionto do that
where they (the people) have power, but certainly the
people of Michigan had no powerto enlarge or restrict
the language of the Constitution of the United States.
This view of the case entirely harmonizes what was
at firrt supposed to be a partially adverse precedent
m the case of Shiel 0*. Thayer, from the State of Ore-
gon.
It was said in argument that the Legislature might
abuse this power, but that doe^ not disprove its exist-
ence. It would be equally liable to that objection if
lodged in any other department of government. It is
not claimed, however, that in this instance the power
was abused. Mr. Baldwin conceded that to allow a
vote to be cast by a soldier detained in the service of
his country was a very proper use of the power, pro-
vided the Legislatuie possessed it. If, however, it
should in the future be abused, Congress has entire
authority to correct it.
But, again, the contestant claims that a State has
the power to prescribe the qualifications of electors,
and may exercise it by an organic convention, to the
exclusion of the Legislature. The committee are not
disposed to controvert this position. That power has
been conceded to the States, and exercised by them
in the manner suggested, from the beginning of the
Government to the present time. But it does not fol-
low, as the contestant supposes, that the place of
holding the election for a Representativein Congress
may be prescribed as one of the electoral qualifica-
tions. Control over the place of voting is lodged in
the Leaislatuie by the unmistakable language of the
Constitution, and cannot, however disguised bynames
or circumlocution of words, be transferred to another
department of government. Now, the constitution
of Michigan either fixes the place of holding the
election or it does not. If it does not. theie is no con-
flict between the law and the constitution, and the
aigument is at an end. If it does, then, as before
shown, the convention which adopted it entirely ex-
ceeded its power, unless such convention is to be con-
sidered a Legislature by construction; and in that
event its power, as has also been shown, was just as am-
ple as that of any subsequent Legislature, and no more.
The power to prescribe the place, whether called a
qualification, limitation, or condition, is still vested
in whatthe Constitution calls "the Legislature," and
there it must remain. It cannot be divested by giv-
ing it another name, however apt it may be.
The committee, then, submit the following resolu-
tion, and recommend its adoption :
Resolved, That Rowland E. Trowbridge is entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the^iith congressional
district in Michigan.
Mr. MARSHALL. T ask that the minority
report, which I had the honor to submit, be
now read.
The Clerk read the minority report, asfollows:
The undersigned, having carefully considered tho
questions of law involved ih this case, has come to the
conclusion that Mr. Baldwin was duly elected, and is
entitled to the seat which he claims.
It is admitted that of the votes cast within the State
of Michigan for Representative in Congress from the
fifth congressional distuct of that State Mr. Baldwin
had a majority. It is also admitted that a large num-
ber of citizens of Michigan who were out of the State,
and in the scrvice of the United States on the day of
said election, in pursuance of the provisions of an act
of the Legislature of Michigan, approved February
5,1864",'voted at the places where they happened to
be on the day of election; and that if these votes can
be lawfully counted, Mr. Trowbridge had si majority,
and was duly elected. If they cannot be lawfully
counted, Mr. Baldwin was duly elected, and is enti-
tled to his seat.
The question submitted is, therefore, purely a legal
one, and involves some nice questions of constitu-
tional law.
Article seven, section one, of the constitution of the
State of Michigan, after prescribing the qualification
of electors, piovides that "no citizen or inhabitant
shall be an elector, or entitled to vote at any election,
unless he shall be above the age of twenty-one years,
and has resided in the State three months, and in the
township or ward in which he offers to vote ten days
next preceding such election."
The supreme court of Michigan, in a case arising
out of the identical election out of which this contest
has aiisen, (the case of The People ex rel. Daniel S.
Twitehel V9. Amos C. Blodgett,) have construed this
provision of their constitution to mean that the elector
shall be personally present, m the township m which
he resides, 011 the day of election, and there in person
present Ins ballot at the place of voting: and that the
act of the Legislature of February 5, 1804, " is in di-
lect conflict with the constitution, and for this reason
void," This ease was very thoroughly discussed and
considered by the court, the judges all giving separate
opinions, and it seems to me impossible to read the
case without arriving at the same conclusion. This
is the highest and most authoritative exposition of
that provision of the State constitution that can be
given. The supreme court of Michigan is the most
authoritative expounder of the constitution and laws
of the State, and all other tribunals, including even
the Supreme Court of the United States itself, are
bound to follow and abide by the construction which
the State court hae placed upon their own constitu-
tion.
I will not dwell upon this point in the case, as I do
not undeihtand the majoiity of the committee, or,
indeed, any one in behalf of the claims of the sitting
member, to seriously dispute the conectness of the
construction placed upon their constitution by the
supreme court of the State. It is admitted, I believe,
that the act of the Legislature of February 5,1804, was
m direct conflict with the organic law of the State.
It is contended, however, that the Legislature, in
determining the times, places, ami manner of hold-
ing elections for Representatives in Congress,are npt
bound to conform to the provisions of the organic
law of the State. That they have a powei above and
wholly independent of their State constitution. And
this power is supposed to be found in sc-hon four of
article one of the Fedcial Constitution, which is as
follows:
"The times, places, nnd nnnncr of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representative* shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may, at any time, by law make or alter
