1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3799
where the statute of 1856 placed it, leaving it
to the Administration to decide whether it will
obey the laws of Congress, or whether it will
neglect to do so, as the Administration of
James Buchanan did.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman whether
there has been any communication from the
Secretary of the Interior on this subject.
Mr. COBB. There has not been, so far as
I know; but the facts, I think, will not be dis-
puted by any one.
Mr. STEVENS. Itisnotcustomarytomake
appropriations of this kind.without having sope
recommendation of a Department or something
of the kind.
Mr. COBB. I have offered the amendment
and stated the facts, which are of record. If
the House does not choose to grant the appro-
priation we shall endeavor to do the best wo
can without "it; but it seems to me that ten
years is a considerable'length of time to wait
for the administration of a law by the officers
of the Government.
The amendment was not agreed to, there
being—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by adding
the following at the end of section one: ' .
For the Government building at Portland. Maine,
used as a post-office, custom-house, and for the Uni-
ted States courts, lately destroyed or rendered almost
worthless by fire, to repair or rebuild the same, as
may prove most advisable, 8200,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
that nobody will oppose a proper appropria-
tion for this purpose, but it strikes me that the
appropriation proposed is much too large.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the Clerk to read the
letters which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, July 12,1866.
Sir: I inclose herewith a letter to Hon. John
Lyxch, M. C., from the collector of customs, post-
master, judges, marshal, and clerks of United States
comts at Portland, Maine, in regard to the rebuild-
ing or repair of the custom-house building at that
place, to which I desire through you respectfully to
ask the attention of Congress.
I have already directed an architect to proceed to
Portland and cause such immediate and temporary
repairs to be made as may be absolutely necessary,
and at the same time to prepare and report estimates
for the thorough repairing of the present builuiug,
if possible, or the erection of a new structure, it that
shall be deemed be>t, for the use of the post ofiiee,
United States courts, and officers of internal rev-
enue: but it is not probable that the report and esti-
mates can be made in time for the action of Congress
at the present session.
I have thereforetorecommend that an appropria-
tion should be made of sufficient amount for the erec-
tion of a new building, or the repair and extension
of the present custom-house, so as to accommodate
the various public officers in Portland, whichever
shall hereafter be deemed best for 1the Public interest.
I would suggest that the sum of 6200,000 should be
appropriated, so much thereof only to be expended
a« shall be found necessary when it shall be aetei-
mined whether it will be best to repair the present
structure or erect a new building. aptt
Very respectfully, „ H. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Thahdecs Stevens, Chairman. Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Custom-IIocse, Portland,
Collector's Office, July 7,
Sir: The custom-house building stands alone amid
the desolation of two hundred acres of the central
and business portion of the city. But it isuncertain
whether it is not so much damaged by the fare that
it will be necessary to.robuild.it; rate it
will require very extensive repairs. We wouia ear
nestly recommend that you ask for an appropriation
of i^OO.OOO, or so much thereof as shall be deemed
necc-sdry by the Secretary of the Treasury, for re-
bmfding or restoring and furnishing the structure
It is possible that it may be repaired, but it may bo
found to be impracticable. The Federal courts and
officers, and the post office and the internal revenue
are in need of the accommodations which this appro-
P'l?ours truly*°Ure" I- WASHBURN, Jr.,
\ ours, truly, Collector of Customs.
WOODBURY DAVIS,
PnafmaHter,
NATHAN CLIFFORD.
Associate Justice SwremeGiiu-tCnited States.
EDWARD 1<OA, ,
District Judaeof Maine.
CHARLES CLARK,
United Stiitm Marshal.
WILLIAM P. PKEBLB,
Clerk United Stoies Circuit Court.
Eon. John Lynch, J/. c.
Mr. SPALDING-. Mr. Chairman, I doubt
whether the Secretary of the Treasury was
aware, when he wrote that letter, that 875,000
had already been appropriated, in a bill here-
tofore passed, for building a custom-house in
Portland, and $25,000 to repair the old one,
making $100,000. Of course the Secretary of
the Treasury cannot suppose that §200,000 is
necessary in addition to the $100,000 already
appropriated. I may state that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations this morning instructed
one of their members to inquire into this matter
and see what amount is necessary, in addition to
former appropriations, to rebuild this custom-
house or put it in repair. Whenever we can
form a correct judgment as to the amount ne-
cessary to be appropriated, I am ready to vote
the sum required.
Mr. KASSON. Inmakingthe inquiry which
has been referred to by the gentleman^ from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] I find that the inten-
tion of the former appropriation was to build
an entirely new custom-house on property now
belonging to the United States. The sum ap-
propriated for that purpose has not been ex-
pended. The building recently destroyed by
fire has been used for a custom-house and, I
believe, for some other Federal offices; but
the building had become very much crowded;
and this custom-house proper was to be built
at any rate. But nothing was destroyed by the
fire connected with that appropriation. This,
then, is for the purpose of rebuilding the house
now used as a custom-house, and which will
be used for the purposes of the internal reve-
nue, &c. I presume the gentleman from Maine
can be more explicit than myself.
I think, if I may be permitted to say anything
against the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, that this is a larger sum than
we ought to appropriate for restoring a building
which is not to be the custom-house at Port-
land. I ask the gentleman from Maine whether
it would not be right and proper and expedi-
ent for us to limit it to one half the appropria-
tion made by the House until we know whether
it is necessary to expend this large sum for
the mere restoration of the building we now
have. rrn
I will simply add another word. Ihe gen-
tleman from Maine is well aware that the dis-
tinguished Senator from that State and that city
will be ready to correct it if we get it wrong
when it gets to the Senate.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, the question
of how much we shall make this appropriation
is entirely" with the House. The matter has
been brought to my attention by a letter signed
by the collector of the port, the postmaster at
Portland, a judge of the Supreme Court, and
other officers of the Government; and they
have officially notified the Secretary of the
Treasury that if the building is to be rebuilt it
will probably cost $200,000. In reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spaldikg,] who
says that $100,000 has already been appro-
priated for a custom-house, I desire to^ say this
has nothing to do with that appropriation.
Mr. SPALDING. Was not $25,000 appro-
priated for this very building ?
Mr. LYNCH. No, sir. B'ive thousand dol-
lars was appropriated at the present session of
Congress for the alteration of the post office.
This building is occupied as a post office, cus-
tom-house, and for the United States courts.
The custom-house has been so crowded as to
require a new building. It is necessary there
should beabuildingforthecustom-house alone;
and the part of the buildmg now occupied as a
custom-house is needed for the internal revenue
office. So that the appropriation for a custom-
house is entirely distinct from this. . it has
nothing to do with it. This appropriation is
necessary to rebuild this building to be used
as a post office, for the United States courts,
and for the Internal Revenue Bureau.
As to the appropriation being large, 1 will
sav this: if the building is rebuilt, and tor the
purposes of post office, &c., alone, the (jov-
erument would not think of constructing it, of
the dimensions of the present one. It should
be enlarged to meet the increasing wants of
the people.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I here disclaim all
intention to take advantage of the sympathy
which exists in this community toward the peo-
ple of Portland for the losses they have suf-
fered in the late fire ; I disclaim any intention
to take advantage of that sympathy to. get an
appropriation for this building. While one
half of our city has been burnt, we have still
there all the resources from which it was built,
and we intend to build it up again, and that
immediately. What we want is that the Gov-
ernment, which has been a joint loser with us,
shall restore its building as we restore ours.
The city of Portland lost a public building which
would now cost double this amount, yet the city
intends to rebuild it at once. I wish, also, to
say that a single individual in that city has lost
more than double the amount of this appropri-.
ation, and still he intends to go on and rebuild.
Men are already at work there. We do not
want the public buildings of the Government to
stand in our city as a disgrace to the country.
We want the Government, as the people of
Portland are doing, to rebuild the property
which has been destroyed.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to understand this
matter. I ask whether this appropriation has
been considered by the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. LYNCH. It has been agreed to by tho
committee, but they can answer tor themselves.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the chairman of the
committee whether it has been approved by
them.
Mr. STEVENS. It was sent to the com-
mittee after this bill was reported, and we
thought it better to let the gentleman from
Maine offer it. I hope the the gentleman from
Maine will agree to reduce it to $100,000.
Mr. LYNCH. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury declares that this amount is necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maine, for his own benefit, that he reduce
the amount of the appropriation to $100,000.
Mr. THAYER. 1 am not prepared to vote
for a proposition of this kind unless it is re-
ported by a committee. I do not think that the
House can safely abandon the fixed rule of
legislation in this respect in regard to appro-
priation bills, which requires that propositions
for the appropriation of the public money shall
first undergo the investigation and scrutiny of
the committee of this House appointed for that
purpose; and it was upon that account that I
appealed to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to know whether this propo-
sition had the sanction of that committee;
because, if it has not I will not vote for it.
Mr. STEVENS. This proposition came to
us, but we had no time to consider it. Of
course something ought to be given for this
purpose, and we asked the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lyxcii] to offer the amendment
upon the recommendation of the Department.
I think that some appropriation should be
made for this purpose; but my own idea is
that $100,000 is the proper amount.
Mr. THAYER. Then I hope the House
will not exceed the amount recommended by
the chairman of the committee. Obviously, it
this House attempts to adopt any other rule
of action in regard to the subject of appropria-
tions than that which it has always adhered
to, to require appropriations to be made upon
the responsibility of the reeommendation_ot a
committee of this House, whose duty it is to
examine all the estimates and details upon
which the recommendations are based, there
can be no safety in legislating upon these sub-
jects; and I hope that the gentleman from
Maine will either adopt the s uggestion ot the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
or else that the subject may be deferred until
that committee can have an opportunity to ex-
amine the estimates upon which the appropria-
tion which is proposed by the gentleman from
Maine is asked tor. , . • . t
Mr. LYNCH. 1 have no objection to accept
the modification suggested by the gentleman
