1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, seven thousand six hundred
dollars.
For the erection of a house for Indian chief
Timothy, as per sixth article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, six
hundred dollars.
To pay the claims of eertain members of the
Nez Perce tribe for services rendered and for
horses furnished by them to the Oregon mounted
volunteers on the sixth of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, at Camp Cornelius, as
per seventh article treaty of June ninth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three (to be paid in
gold,) four thousand six hundred and sixty-
five dollars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For the third of five installments on one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars, being the
second series, for beneficial objects, at the dis-
cretion of the President, per fourth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
supportof an agriculturalandindustrial school,
keeping in repair the buildings, and providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for pro-
viding suitable instructors therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July,eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair blacksmiths', tin-and gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon and plow makers' shops,
and providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
employment of two farmers, two millers, one
blacksmith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one
carpenter, and one wagon and plow maker,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, seven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mills, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures
therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital, and^ providing the
necessary medicines and furniture therefor,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dol-
For seventh of twenty installments for pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings required for the va-
rious employes, and furnishing necessary fur-
niture therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundredandfifty-five, three hun-
dred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
pay of each of the head chiefs of the Flathead,
Kootenay, and Upper Pend d Oreilles^tribes,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
Confederated Tribes oji/1 Bands of Indians in
Middle Oregon.
For second of five installments, second se-
ries. of six thousand dollars, for beneficial ob-
jects, at the discretion of the President, per
second article treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For seventh of fifteen installments foJ* P^y
and subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For seventh of twenty installments for pay
and subsistence of one physician, one sawyer,
one miller, one superintendent of farming oper-
ations, and one school teacher, per fourth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
For seventh of twenty installments for pay-
ment of salary to the head ehief of said con-
federated bands, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five*, five
hundred dollars.
Molel Indians.
For seventh of ten installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for the pay
of necessary employes, the benefits of which to
be shared alike by all the confederated bands,
per second article treaty twenty-first Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For seventh of ten installments for the pay
of a carpenter and joiner to aid in erecting
buildings and making furniture for said Indians,
and to furnish tools in said service, per second
article treaty twenty-first December, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For pay of teachers to manual-labor school,
for all necessary materials therefor, and for the
subsistence of the pupils, per second article
treaty twenty-first December, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Qui-leh-ute Indians.
For the first of four installments on twenty-
five thousand dollars (being the fourth series)
for beneficial objects, under the direction of the
President, per fourth article treaty first July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand
dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth
article treaty first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for sup-
port of smith and carpenter shop, and to pro-
vide the necessary tools therefor, per tenth ar-
ticle treaty first "July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and
farmer, and a physician who shall furnish med-
icine for the sick, per tenth article treaty first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
<S" Klallams.
For first of four installments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fourth series,) under
the direction of the President, per fifth article
treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh
article treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
employmentof a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and a physician who shall furnish medicines
for the sick, per eleventh article treaty twenty-
sixth January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand six hundred dollars.
Ottawa Indians of Blanchard's Fork and
Roche de Bceuf.
For the last of four installments, in money,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, eight thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on eight thousand five hundred
dollars, at five per centum, being the unpaid
principal of thirty-four thousand dollars, per
fourth article treaty June twenty-fourth, eight-.
een hundred and sixty-two, four hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
For the last of four installments of the prin-
cipal sum held in stocks by the Government,
to be paid as annuity in eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, per fourth article treaty June
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
two thousand eight hundred and forty-nine dol-
lars and eighty-seven cents.
Arapahoes and Cheyenne Indians of the Upper
Arkansas River.
Pbr sixth of fifteen installments of annuity
of thirty thousand dollars, to be expended for
their benefit—that is to say, fifteen thousand
dollars per annum for each tribe, commencing
with the year in which they shall remove to
and settle upon their reservations—per fourth
article treaty February eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, thirty thousand dollars.
For fourth of five installments to provide the
said Indians with a mill suitable for sawing
timber and grinding grain, one or more me-
chanic shops, with necessary tools for the same,
and dwelling-houses for an interpreter, miller,
engineer for mill, (if one be necessary,) farm-
ers, and the "mechanics that may bo employed
for their benefit, per fifth article treaty Feb-
ruary eighteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, five thousand dollars.
For transportation and necessary expenses
of delivery of annuities, goods, and provisions,
per fifth article treaty February eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, five thousand
dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses 'of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Chippewas of Lake Superior,
per seventh article treaty September thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
seven hundred and sixty-two dollars and sixty-
three cents.
For insurance, transportation, and neccssavy
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Chippewas of the Mississippi,
per fifth article treaty February twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
eight hundred and eighty-six dollars and sev-
enty-five cents.
Chippewas of Red Lake, and Pembina Tribe
of Chippewas.
For annuity to be paid per capita to the Red
Lake band of Chippewas, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty sec-
ond October, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
and second article supplementary to treaty
twelfth April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
ten thousand dollars.
For this amount to the Pembina band of
Chippewas, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per third article treaty October second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and sec-
ond article supplementary treaty April twelve,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, five thousand
dollars.
For the third of fifteen installments to be
expended annually for the purpose of supply-
ing them with gilling twine, cotton matter, cal-
ico, linsey, blankets, sheeting, flannels, pro-
visions, farming tools, and for such other useful
articles, and for such other useful purposes as
may be deemed for their best interests, per
third article supplementary treaty of twelfth
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight
thousand dollars.  
For the third of fifteen installments for same
objects for the Pembina band of Chippewas,
per third article supplementary treaty twelfth
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, four
thousand dollars.
For third of fifteen installments for pay of
one blacksmith, one physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine for the sick, one miller, and one
farmer, per fourth article supplementary treaty
April twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
three thousand nine hundred dollars.
For third of fifteen installments for toe pur-
