810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
from voting at any election at any place oilier
than the township or ward in which he resides,
and upon such construction the contestant's
case chiefly depends. Yet whether or not this
is the true interpretation of the provision cited
I at this time express no opinion, because T do
not deem it at all material to the question be-
fore us. It is proper, however, to say that dif-
ferent tribunals of the State, competent in their
respective spheres of action to determine the
question beyond the power of revision, have
arrived at diverse conclusions. A majority of
the supreme court have given the construction
urged by the contestant, though the chief jus-
tice delivered a di'ssenting opinion, while both
branches of the Legislature, in determining
upon the election and qualification of their own
members respectively, have pronounced decis-
ions coinciding with the views of the chief jus-
tice. The case before us, however, is in no way
affected except in a single particular, which I
shall refer to hereafter, by the decisions and
opinions to which I have alluded. This ques-
tion must be decided upon entirely different
principles.
Section one, article one, of the Constitution
of the United States, vests the legislative power
therein granted in a Congress, to consist of a
Senate and a House of Representatives.
Section two of the same article provides for
choosing the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives and defines their qualifications.
The first clause of the fourth section is as
follows:
"The times, places, nn<i manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall he pre-
scribed in fM-.h State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time by law make or alter
euch regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
Now, it is a fact worthy of notice, that the
constitution of Michigan, though a very com-
prehensive instrument, embracing and treating
upon almost every other imaginable subject,
and possessing, in fact, many of the elements
of a code, ne\ ertheless, makes no allusion
whatever to the creation, qualification, nature,
or election of a Representative in Congress;
nor is such an officer more than incidentally
even referred to within all its very voluminous
pages.
A Representative in Congress, then, is not a
State otlicer. lie is not a creature of the State,
but of the national Government. The Legis-
lature, in providing the times, places, and man-
ner of elections of Representatives, does not
derive its authority from the people of the State
through their constitution, hut from the Con-
stitution of the United States. This delegation
of power is not in terms conveyed through the
people of the State, nor the constitution of the
State, but it is conferred directly upon the
Legislature. The power is not simply permis-
sive, but mandatory : and it is of the most ple-
nary character, subject only to the control of
Congress. The soldiers' voting law, which is
alleged to be unconstitutional, authorizes citi-
zens of Michigan in the military service, absent
from the State, but qualified electors, to vote
for State and county officers and for members
of the Legislature. It also empowers them to
vote for Representatives in Congress. If the
act is repugnant to the constitution of the State
as it respects the places of election of State
officers—atari thai, I neither assert nor deny—
then lo that extent it is undoubtedly void. If
it is framed in pursuance of and in accordance
with the Constitution of the United States in
regard to the election of Representatives iu
Congress, then to that extent it is just as clearly
valid. In enacting the law in question, it will
be observed that the Legislature acted in a two-
fold character, that is to say. as the law-making
power of the State and as the agent of the Uni-
ted States. The Legislature was responsible
for its doings in its respective capaeilies to two
different principals—the will of the people of
the State as determined by their constitution,
and the Coneress of the United States. It is
not material that it attempted to execute both
agencies iu the same enactment. The one may
be without sufficient warrant of authority, and
the other authorized and valid. An entire stat-
ute will not be void 011 account of an unconsti-
tutional provision, unless that provision is of
such a nature that the remaining part of the
act cannot be executed without it. Did the
Legislature violate or exceed the instructions
given by the people of the State ? Then to that
extent their action was cleaily void, and all
votes cast by absent citizens for members of the
Legislature, State and county officers, should
be rejected as illegal. Did the Constitution of
the United States authorize that body to pre-
scribe the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections for Representatives in Congress ?
Then such legislation is not a subject for exam-
ination and control by the government of Mich-
igan ; and the Legislature is required to give
an account of its stewardship to Congress alone.
Did the constitution of Michigan prohibit an
absent, patriotic, qualified elector from voting
for Representatives in Congress? Then was
such prohibition in conflict with the act of the
Legislature, which had the authority, sanction,
and command even of the Federal Constitu-
tion, and was absolutely null and void.
But, asks the contestant, "Are there 110 re-
strictions upon this exercise of power? Is
there 110 control over State Legislatures?"
Undoubtedly there are. The people by their
fundamental law may restrain and control them
in all matters within their jurisdiction, and by
express provision of the Federal Constitution
Congress may control the action of the Legis-
lature in reference to the times, places, and
manner of electing Representatives in Congress.
But Michigan cannot control nor limit an ex-
press provision of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
''The Legislatures," says the contestant,
"are created by the people of the States, speak-
ing through State constitutions, and are con-
fined in the performance of their duties by the
limitations of those instruments." Beyond all
question they are created by the people of the
States, "and undoubtedly they are speaking
through." or by the authority of, "the State
constitutions" when they declare the times,
places, and manner of holding elections for
State officers ; but when they make enactments
touching the election of Representatives in Con-
gress, they are not speaking through State con-
stitutions, nor are they "confined in the per-
formance of their duties by the limitations of
those instruments." So the judges of the State
of New York arc created by the people thereof,
and their duties and powers are defined by the
organic and statute laws of the State; but who
will pretend that Congress could not authorize
them to administer oaths and take testimony _
in cases of contested elections pending m this*'
House, especially if there were an express pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States
charging such duties upon them? Nor can I
agree with the contestant when he says. " The
provision of the Constitution under considera-
tion was never intended to confer powers upon
a State Legislature iu opposition to the consti-
tution of the State." On the contrary, I am
of the opinion that such was the precise, well-
considered intention in Laming that piovision,
or at least (hat it was intended to confer power
upon the Legislature, subject to be regulated and
controlled by Congress, that might be found to
be in opposition to the constitution of the Slate.
This is apparent from the latter part of the first
clause of section four of article one: " But the
Congress may at any time by law make or alter
such regulations, except as to the place of choos-
ing Senators." Not only is the power with-
held from the people of the State, but the right
is reserved to control the action of the Legis-
lature. Nor was this reservation of power the
result of mere accident. It required no great
degree of sagacity on the part of the framers
of the Constitution to foresee the necessity and
wisdom of such a precaution.
Inconveniences have already been felt, occa-
sioned by the various times and manner, if not
of the places, of holding elections for Represent-
atives in Congress adopted in the several States;
and more than once it has been suggested that
Congress intervene to establish uniformity. TI10
framers of our national Constitution having de-
termined, as I have already said, that there should
be a House of Representatives, it then became
necessary, of course, to have elections of mem-
bers. To that end there must be regulations
touching the times, places, and manner of elec-
tions. To whom, or to what officers, persons,
or bodies of men should these duties be con-
fided? This question was not propounded to
a constitutional convention of the State of Mich-
igan. It was addressed to Washington and his
compeers assembled in Convention at Philadel-
phia in 1777, and after due consideration, the
answer was by them reduced to form and sub-
mitted to conventions of the several States, and
it was ultimately decided before the State of
Michigan had an existence, and placed beyond
the control of State constitutions. These trusts
might have been charged exclusively upon Con-
gress. They might have been reposed in the
Supremo Court of the United States. They
might have been intrusted to the keeping of the
supremo courts respectively of the several States.
But the power was vested m the Legislatures of
the several States, subject only to the control of
Congress. And it was given to those bodies
specifically eo nomine. Again, the duties of
regulating the "times, places, and manner"
might have been distributed among different
persons, bodies, and officers. The power to
determine the manner might have been given to
the Legislatures, and that of assigning the times
and places, with a view to uniformity, might
have been reposed in the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States. The Chief
<J ustiee is iu no sense of the word a State officer.
Ill the case supposed his authority comes di-
rectly fromthe Constitution oftheUnitedStates.
Would his action be void if it should happen to
come in conflict with some State constitution?
Again, the Governors oftlie States respectively,
instead of the Chief Justice, might have been
selected to determine "the times and places."
In such case would a proclamation of the Gov-
ernor for that purpose be invalid by reason of
being repugnant to the constitution of his State?
For that duty the State Executive would be ex
officio an officer or agent of the United States.
Does the adoption of a different agency diminish
the national authority? In this regard the
Legislature is 110 less the agent of the United
States because it is the law-making power of
the individual State.
Well, sir, the Legislature of Michigan having
the legislative power of the State, subject to the
checks and limitations imposed by the State
constitution, and being also clothed with certain
legislative authority by the Constitution of the
United States, has cnacted a law touching the
election of State as well as Federal officers,
and proscribing the places of election. Now,
if this act runs counter to the State constitu-
tion, as to the election of StaLe ofiieeis, it is
'void. But Inning the sanction of the Consti-
tution of the United States, as to Federal offi-
ceis, it is valid. This is a familiar principle of
construction. Let us suppose that by the con-
stitution of Michigan land is conveyed by deed,
but that every deed or conveyance thereof ac-
knowledged before a notary public is declared
to be absolutely null and void : that by the laws
of the State of New York any deed or convey-
ance of really may be acknowledged before a
notary public of any State in the Union. Sup-
pose that A conveys to B, in and by the same
deed, land in Detroit and land in Buffalo, and
that the instrument of conveyance is duly ac-
knowledged before a notary public of the Penin-
sular State—the deed may be void as to the land
in Michigan, but does any one doubt that it
will operate as a good conveyancc of the land
in the State of New York?
The construction that I have given to the first
clause of the fourth section of tlie first article •
of the Constitution of the United States is sup-
ported by the authorities, indeed, 1 am not
aware that any respectable writer or authority
has ever doubted it, though i know that, at an
early day, objections were made against the.
provision itself on the ground of policy.
