2340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
special exemptions should be made. I am
wilting to do the fair thing and strike out the
tonnage tax aii around,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think the sec-
tion as amended on motion of tlie gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] exempts all
coaches carrying mails from the payment of
taxes on receipts from passengers. If that is
the intention of the committee I am entirely
satisfied, but if it is not I think it had better
be looked at.
Mr. MORRILL. As the amendinent was re-
ported by me from the Committee of Ways and
Means, it cei'tainly did not have that intent or
meaning I do not know exactly how or where
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was inserted, or exactly what effect it
may produce. It is possible that the gentle-
man from Iowa is correct, and that it would
exempt stage-coaches. I think it might exempt
more than the gentleman from Massachusetts
intended. I suppose he merely intended to
exempt the hacks that ply about our cities.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
all that is embraced in it.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Clerk to read the
amendment as amended.
The amendment as amended was again read.
The question was taken oh Mr. Morkill's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to add to the
amendment just adopted the following addi-
tional proviso:
Provided, That all such persons, companies, or cor-
porations operating any horse railroad shall have the
right to add the duty or tax to their rate of fare.
This amendment applies only to our street
railroads. It is represented on the part of the
friends of these roads that they have already
made their rates of fare as low as they can re-
duce them and sustain their roads. I desire,
for one, to encourage these roads in every town
in the country that can sustain one. They are
the poor man's railroad—the poor man's car-
riage. They provide him means of transporta-
tion when he cannot obtain it in any other way.
They take the poor man to church on the Sab-
bath and take his children to school on week
days. I hope the experiment will be tiied for
a few years, and if we find that they can bear
a reduction upon their charges, or can bear
additional taxation, we can lay it on with a
heavy hand. But it is, after all, a mere experi-
ment, and wo can alter this provision if we find
it does not work well.
Mr. STEVENS. I should a great deal rather
see these railroad fares altered so as to enable
them to charge enough. The.idea of laying a
tax upon railroads, and allowing them to charge
it to the passengers, is not according to my
views of legitimate legislation. I know that
there is one railroad in this city that is doing
well. I know another one that never will do
well unless it has passengers. [Laughter.] I
am opposed to this system. I would rather
authorize them to charge more fare, and then
we shall know exactly what we have to pay.
Mr. DODGE. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment. The remarks of my
colleague from New York [Mr. Hotchkiss]
may he very correct in regard to the railroads
in the smaller towns and cities; but we find in
New York city that our street railroads there
are very oppressive. They have obtained a
right to run through our streets ; they have
obtained very valuable franchises on the con-
dition tliat they would transport people from
the lower to the upper part of the city, the
poor men that the gentleman refers to, the
mechanics, the men who cannot afford to walk
two or three miles to their business. They
got these valuable franchises because they
would agree to carry passengers at a given
fare. If this amendment passes they will be
authorized to add this two and a half per cent,
tax upon all these poor persons that the gen-
tleman refers fo. 1 hope the amendment, so
far as horse railroads in the largo cities are
concerned, will not be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe that there is no
measure of justice more worthy of our consid-
eration at this time than that proposed by the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Hotchkiss.]
He has already stated the beneficial nature and
character of these railroads; that they are de-
signed, not only for the general convenience of
the public, but for the special advantage of
the poor. That is the case in all our large
cities and flourishing towns; the poor derive
vast benefit from them. Now, if you go to
the city of New York, you will find that these
railroads are the avenues by which the poor
leave the city to pass a few hours in the coun-
try and breathe the pure countty air. As a
sanitary measure ana institution I insist that
these city roads are entitled to our encourage-
ment.
It has been stated by my colleague from the
city of New York [Mr. Dodge] that these rail-
road grants for the city of New York were ob-
tained by the individuals controlling them from
the Legislature of New York without compen-
sation, and therefore he would create a preju-
dice against these corporations. Even if that
were the case they are no less beneficial to the
community when constructed. Now, the par-
ties owning these roads at this time are not the
men who procured these grants from the
Legislature, but they are men who have paid
a compensation for all they have. Since 18G0,
when these grants were made, every article
required in the construction and equipment of
railroads has enhanced in value more than one
hundred per cent. I state it on my own per-
sonal knowledge, thataroad which in 1861 could
have been built for $10,000 a mile will now
cost $25,000 a mile.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, I want to know, as a
mere matter of arithmetic, one thing from the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis.] The
poor people now can ride, or could ride with-
out this law, for live cents; and it is proposed
to add a cent to each fare. I want to know
how- much that takes off from their burdens.
Mr. DAVIS. Itadds agreatbenefit to them.
[Laughter.] That is the reason of my argu-
ment. for I say that upon a fare of five cents
there is not a city railroad in New York that
will support itself.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose you add two cents
to each fare, then that will double the benefit.
Mr. DAVIS. Undoubtedly it will. And I
think it is perfectly proper for these corpora-
tions, whose fares are limited by their charters
or by municipal regulations, to add the Fed-
eral tax to the rate of fare. Why should we
apply a different principle to a railroad corpo-
ration than we apply to an individual? An
individual has aright, if he be taxed by this
Government, to add the amount of his tax to
the commodities in which he deals. A cor-
poration has no such power, because it is the
creature of legislation. And therefore when
we come to lay our hands upon them we should
be careful to give them the means of relief.
Mr. DODGE withdrew his amendment to
the amendment of Mr. Hotchkiss.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate on the
pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled ''An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,18ii4, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph of the special
order terminate in one minute after the com-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill again".
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules bs
suspended, and that the Houseresolve itselfinto
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whol'e on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 510) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1804, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Hotchkiss to allow horse rail-
roads to add their tax to their fares. •
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move
strike out the last word for the purpose of
proposing an inquiry to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr Davis.] I want to know
from him, why not apply the same principle to
notes bearing interest which are taxed? A
note bearing six per cent, is taxed; why not
allow the tax to be added to the rate of inter-
est allowed? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear the question of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed on
this paragraph, by order of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Davis] be allowed
two minutes to answer the question. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear the question.
I will attempt to answer any question I under-
stand.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment of Mr. Hotchkiss was not
agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of the third proviso of the
amendment last adopted the following :
Nor upon the receipts of anyhorse railroad run-
ning in one or more towns or eitieswhose population
in the aggregate, according to the last preceding
census, does not exceed forty thousand persons.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read section forty-
five. but was interrupted by
Mr. LYNCH, who said: I rise to a point
of order, which is that I called for a vote by
division on my amendment immediately after
the result of the viva voce vote was announced.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a question
of order, but a question of fact. If the gentle-
man states that he called for a division in time,
the Chair will put the question again.
Mr. LYNCH. I certainly did.
The CHAIRMAN. That is sufficient.
The question being again put on the amend-
ment of Mr. Lynch, there were, on a division
—ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. ANCONA called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of the third proviso of the
amendment last adopted to section forty-four
the following:
Nor upon any person, firm, company, or corpora-
tion encased in transporting property or passeusrers
for hire whoso gross receipts upon such transporta-
tion do not exceed their current expenses.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order, the committee having passed the sec-
tion to which the amendment was offered.
The Clerk continued and concluded the read
ing of section forty-live, as follows :
Sec. 45. And be it further ennHed, That any spirits
or other merchandise may bo removed from bonded
warehouse, for the purpose of beinsr expoited, upon
the order of the superintendent, ot exports fur too
port whence the spirits are to be exported: and sueh
order shall state the port to which sueh spirits ;„re to
be shipped, and the.name of the vessel, and al.-o tho
number of proof jrnllons, and the marks of the pack-
ages or casks, which shall he taken from and shall
agree with the return of said spirits made by the m-
spector of the warehouse; and fetich spirits or other
merchandise shall be branded "U.S. bonded ware-
house, for export," and shall be put on boejrd of the
