1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bit
Mr. Justice Story says (Story on the Consti-
tution, volume two, section 833, page 280:)
"This clause does not appear to have attracted
much .attention orio have encouiitoreJ much opposi-
tion in the Convention, at lea^t ;i> far as can be gath-
ered icoin the juuvna) of t'.iat body. But it was atter-
wmd assailed by the opponents of the Constitution,
both in uikIoiilofIhcStatecr>nventiops, with uncom-
mon zeal and virulcnee. The objection was not to
that partof tl>e clau.-e whiob vests m thoState Legis-
latures tho power of proscribing tho times, places,
and manner of holding elections; for so tar it wa? a
surrender ot power tothc State governments. Butit
Wei6 to the £upci intending power of Ootift'res* to make
or alter such regulations. It was paid that such a
superintending power would he dangerous to the lib-
erties of the people and to a just exercise of their
privileges in elections. Congress might prescribe tho
times of election so unreasonably as to prevent the
attendance of the elector?, or the place ot so incon-
venient a distance fiom the body of the electors as
to prevent a due exercise of the right of choice. And
Congress might (-outlive the manner of holding elec-
tions so as to exclude all but their own favorites from
office."
"In answer to all suchreasoning.it was urged that
there was not a finale article in the whole system
more completely defensible. Its propriety rested
upon this plain proposition, that every Government
ou?ht to contain in itself the means of its own pres-
ervation." _ •' * " There seemed but
thiec ways in which it could be reasonably organ-
ized. ftinirjbt be lodged either wholly in tho national
Legislature or wholly in the State Legislatures, or pri-
marily in the latter, and ultimately m the former.
The last was the mode adopted by tho Convention."
"-Section S14, p. 281.
I hope it is not nccessary to make an elab-
orate argument in order to show that the fram-
ers of tho national Constitution understood the
import of tho language employed bv thorn, in
the construction of if various provisions. It
would do great injnstico to llieir inlelligencc
and discrimination to suppose* that when they
used the word Legislature tliey intended to
imply constitutional convention, or people of
the State. In the distribution of the various
grants of power they exorcised nice discrimina-
tion ; and in the u<c of terms they studied pre-
cision. Thus, by the first clause of section
two, the members of the House of Representa-
tives are to be "chosen every second year by
the people of the several States.1' This pro-
vision would hardly warrant an election by the
Legislature. Ly the fourth clause of the same
section, "when vacancies happen m the repre-
sentation from any State the executive author-
ity thereof shall issue writs of election to fill
such vacancies.'' Could the Legislature issue
such writs, or could the Executive be restrained
from the discharge of that duty by a provision
in the State constitution?
By the first clause of section three "the
Senate of the United States shall be composed
of two Senators from each State, chosen by the
Legislature thereof 5'' and in the very next sec-
tion (four) the Legislature is directed to pre-
scribe the times, places, and manner of elec-
tions. In commenting upon tho first clause of
section throe in reference to the appointment
of Senators. Mr. Justice Story says:
''They are to be eho^on by the Legislature of caeh
State. Three schemes presented them-clvesas to the
mode ot appointment: one was by tiie Legislature
of each State; uuothci w;t-> by the people thereof:
and 0 third was by the other b>*anf'h the national
Leoris-latui c either directly or out of a select nomi-
nation."— L'outiiitnt-iruh\ vol. 2, sec. 701, p, 1*2.
Certainly, in these propositions, the people
of the State, whether in or out of constitutional
conventions, and the Legislature are not synony-
mous nor convertible terms. 'J lie different modes
suggested for the election of Senators were pre-
sented as rival propositions, and the Conven-
tion was called upon to determine whether the
power should be given to the Ledshtiuie ur to
the people of the State. In order that we may
clearly understand the intention of the founders
of the Government in regard to these proposi-
tions, I continue to quote from the same com-
mentator. The last scheme—
"Met, however, with no decided support, and was
negatived, no Stato voting- in its favor, nine htates
voting against it, and one being divided. Iho second
scheme, of an election by the people m attracts or
otherwise, seems ia have met with as little lavor.
The first scheme, that of an election bv tne Legisla-
ture, finally prevailed by a unanimous vote."
Nov/, 1 think t have shown that m section
three the word u Legislaturedoes not mean
State nor the people of a State. Has it a dii -
3!)th t\o;u. 1st Si:-.-,— jStu ~<~-i
ferent or more comprehensive signification in
section four? Again says Mr. Justioe Story:
"Another question might be ?n;;?ested, whether the
Executive constitutes a }Mrt of the Legislature for
such a pur. '.jM1 in ease.; where the State eohstitution
gives him a qualified neffative upon the laws,. But
tbiB hits been silently and imiveisally settled against,
the exeendve participation in the appointment.'''—
Section 703, p. 18 i.
These references to tlie national Constitution
and the opinions of statesmen contemporary
with its formation, show that when its framcrs
used the word Legislature they meant by that
term precisely ivhat it imports. It was employed
in no latitudinarian sense. They carefully distin-
guished the Legislature from the Executive and
from the people. They did not comprehend
under the term Legislature tiie entire govern-
ment of the State. For that purpose they se-
lected a more fit and comprehensive word. Thus
we find them declaring (hat "the migration or
importation of such persons as any of the States
now existing shall think proper to admit," &c.;
that "no State shall enter into any treaty," ire.:
that "do State shall, without the consent of
Congress, lay any impost or dr.ti"u," etc.: and
that "110 State shall, without the. consent of
Congress, lay any duly on tonnage," &c.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is intimated that sec-
tion four is limited and controlled ] iy section
two of article one of the Federal Constitution,
wherein it is provided that "the electors in
each State shall have the qualifications requi-
site for the electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature,"' and that
soldiers absent from tho State are not qualified
electors.
The qualifications of electors are prescribed
in section one, article seven, of the State con-
stitution, a part of which I have a! ready quoted,
but 1 will now read the entire section:
" See. 1. T11 all elections, every white male citizen,
every wVfo male lnhnb't.mt residing in the State on i
the 'J t' 1 l day of June, 1M3: every white male inhabit- \
an! residing in the >suto on the 1st day of January. |
1S50, who has declared in- intention to become a ' iii l
zeu of th el" intcd State-, ptu.-aant to the laws tSiereof. ;
mx months piveedim-r ail election, or who ha- resided j
iu litis State two ^ cais and six month1-, and declined !
his inteniion,,s nfor^nid, and cve;y civilized^ 111 ile I
inhabitant ot Indian desecnt. a native of the United
States, and not a member ol any tribe, shalHoe an
eleotoi and entitled to vote; but no citizen or inhab-
itant shall be an elector, or entitled to vote at any
election, unless he shall be above the age of twenty-
one years, and has resided in the Sta te thiee months,
and 111 the township or ward in which he oilers to
vote ten days next preceding such election."
Now, at this stage of tho argument, in order
to avoid confusion, it is important that we keep
the two points of discussion, for there are two.
separate and distinct. Let me be explicit. The
first is. can the Legislature, without regard to
the State constitution, but subject to altt ration
and control by Congress, deter.nine the times,
places, and manner of elections for Representa-
tives in Congress? This 1 have already con-
sidered. The second is, conceding that the
qualifications of electors may be prescribed by
the State constitution, has the Legislature by
their enactment attempted to dispense with any
qualifications required by that instrument? if
we bear this distinction in mind, and if 1 am
right iu regard to the first point., we shall see
that whether or not tlieie is lepuauancy appar-
ent or real belv, een the organic law of the State
and the act of the Legislature, as it rcspects the
place of voting, is of 110 eonseq tonec whatever
unless the place shall be found to be an ele-
ment of the qualification oi'ihe election.
But out- attention is specially called to that
part uf section one in which it is declared that j
"no citizen or inhabitant shall bo on elector or
entitled to vote," ke. And it is insisted, as the j
fair construction of this section, that the baliot j
must actually ho deposited by the elector in xhe i
township or ward wherein he resides: and thai j
the offering to vote in the township or ward is 1
a part of the qualification of the elector: but j
that by the act of the Legislature the elector ,
may vote outside of hi' ww. nship or ward, in |
fact out of the State. A'ow, this may lie :<>•,
ingenious modi, of stating the pronos't,,eu. .
disguise it as you may it is V,1- a reproduction i
of the first objection by the employment ot !
other language to express the same idea. 'The
objection, in substance, in whatever words it
may be couched, goes to the place of voting, and
not t,o the qualification of the elector. There
is no conflict between the soldiers' voting law
and section oneof article seven of the State con-
stitution in tho particular of qualification. In-
deed, the act itself, in express terms, limits the
franchise to " qualified electors." There is no
complaint made on the ground of citizenship
or age or sex or color. There is -no question
of residence made. Indeed, there could be
none, because section five, article seven, of the
State constitution expressly provides that "no
elector shall be deemed to have gained or lost
a residence by reason of his being employed in
the service of the United States." I repeat,
the objection respects the place of voting ana
not the qualification of the elector. Clearly
the words "in the township or ward in which,
he offers to vote" are not words of qualification
as pertaining to the competency of the elector.
It would be a solecism to say that the act of
depositing the baliot is a prerequisite element
of qualification which must precede the act
itself; that is to say, that the man is not and
cannot be qualified to offer to vote until he has
actually offered to vote. Suppose a white male
citizen twenty-one years of age has resided in
the first ward of the city of Detroit for three
months next preceding the day of election, and
is on that day actually present in his ward at
the poll with his ballot in his hand, is he a
qualified doctor within the meaning of the con-
stitution? Suppose he retires without offering
his vote, is he any the less a qualified elector?
Must he vote before he can be qualified to vote?
Must he offer to vote in order to acquire those
qualifications which alone will justify him in
attempting to vote? The contestant falls into
the extraordinary error of asserting that no
citizen of Michigan can be a qualified eicctor
until he has ottered to vote in his township or
ward, yet nothing can be more logical than
the proposition that no citizen can legally and
properly offer to exercise the elective franchise
who is not already a duly qualified elector.
Then is it not clear that the words '• offers to
vote" are not words of qualification, but that
they are a limitation as to the place where the
act is to be performed? If doubts still exist,
I think they may be dispelled by reference to
other provisions of the State constitution.
Words of doubtful import in one section may
be rendered certain by other parts of tho same
statute. In order to determine the meaning of
a statute or other legal instrument all its parts
should be construed together. Then let the
constitution bccome its own expounder. Thus,
sec-turn three, article seven :
"Every elector m all cases except treason, felony,
or breach ol the peace, shall Iu; privileged tiom arrest
during Ills attendance at election and in goingtoand
returning from the same."
"What is to be understood by the term elector
[is here used? Certainly it does not mean a
citizen who lias offered to vote in his township
or ward, because he is exempt from arresi while
going to the place of election. The contest-
ant's theory would furnish an impertinent offi-
cial a convenient defense to a prosecution for
the illegal arret-1 of an elector ou his way to
the poll, it would be sufficient to showitat
the party alleged to be injured had not offered
to vote, and therefore was not an elector.
"Rt.e. f. So elector shall be obliged to do militia
dun on the day ol election except in time? of war or
pubbc dangci, or attend court as a suitor or wit-
ness.''
Here, evidently, the person intended is one
who. though absent from the poll, is a qualified
elector; otherwise, the teim citizen or other
word of like import would have been employed
instead of the one adopted.
And again:
"Sue. 5. No elector shall be deemed to hare gained
or lo-i a residence by reason i ha ^emg employed in
the service of the ! invea itatct,''
'I his tour,ton tecoermzes the very class of men
■whom the ceucesranr would disfranchise, desig-
nates them by the word electors, ar.d saas
their residence : i.hough at the same time to-v
