1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
i only ask for a delay until to-morrow morning
that we may look into the provisions of the
bill. If I cannot then satisfy the Senate that
in its provisions it is repugnant to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and that it is impoli-
tic in character, I shall not say one word.
The P11ES1DENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Dela-
ware to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until to-morrow.
M. HENDRICKS. I should think it but
reasonable that the consideration of the bill
should be postponed until to-morrow. It is
a very important bill indeed, and I presume,
like most bills, has been printed, laid upon
our tables, and gone among our files, without
attracting very particularly the attention of
Senators ; but no bill can go much further than
this proposes to go. It not only takes away
the right of action in cases not brought, but !
presume will have the effect to take away the
right of action in cases already pending in the
courts. I cannot think it is the intention of
Congress to go so far as this bill does go. I
presume it is the intention of Congress to in-
demnify the officers of the Government who
have done acts with a proper motive and for a
proper purpose under the exigencies of par-
ticular cases j but this bill proposes to in-
demnify against all acts, provided they were
authorized by any officer of the Government
higher iu command than the party who ex-
ecuted the order. The bill scarcely requires
discussion, for it is so plain in its provisions
that the very reading of it is .1 full argument
upon it. It, covers cases of search, seizure,
arrest, and imprisonment, and as if it were not
sufficient, more general words are then used,
"or other trespasses or wrongs done or com-
mitted." It is intended to cover everything that
any military officer may have done, or any per-
son not a military officer, under the command
or authority of any military officer, for the lan-
guage is, ''or any acts done or omitted to be
done during the said rebellion.'' it not only
protects against wrongful acts done, but against
cases of neglect to do duty, eases of omission.
Is it the intention of Congress to indemnify
any officer of the Government for a neglect of
duty? Wlicie the law cuinmauds the tiling to
be done, and the officer refuses to obey the
law, and thus is guilty of an act of omission, is
it the intention, of Congress to indemnify him
in a cause between him and Hie citizen that is
injured by bis refusal 011 his part to obey the
law? Not only this, but—•
Any acts dune or omil ted to bo done dining the Paid
rebellion by nny otiicer or person, under and by vir-
tue of any order, written or verbal, general or.spccial,
issued by tile l'l esident or (Secretary ot War, or by any
military oilieer of the Unit ed .States holding the com-
mand of the department, distriet, or place within
whieh such sei/jir.:, seaicti, arrest, or imprisonment
was made, done, or committed, or any acts were so
omitted lo be done, either by the person or othccr to
whom the order is addressed, or by any other person
aiding 01' assisting hnu thetein, bhall bo held, and aro
hereby declared, to come within the purview of the
act to which this is amendatory, and within the pur-
view of the lourth, lilth, and sixth sections of sliid
act, for all the purposes of defend, transter, appeal,
error, or limitation provided therein.
I have read this section with a view to call
the attention of the Senate to the magnitude of
the proposition, and then that the Senate, may
say whether it is an unreasonable tiling that on
the motion of the Senator from Delaware the
further consideration of the bill be postponed
until to-morrow.
This bill proposes to fake away from the cit-
izen an action in the courts for a violation of
his most important rights, those rights that are
protected in express terms by the Constitution
of the United States. It applies first to any
search. Is it competent for the Congress of the
United States to interpose a defense when the
injured citizen brings his action in the courts
for a search of his domicile made in violation
of the provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States? Our fathers thought, and all the
men of distinction that have been connected
with public affairs since their day have thought,
that it was an important and wise provision that
a man's lionso shall bo sacred to him and his
family, unless the search be authorized by some
process of the law, and that that process shall
be based upon complaint made under oath, that
no man's residence shall be invaded unless
there bo reason for that invasion presented to
some officer of the law under the responsibility
of the oath of the party making the charge, and
that then no officer shall make invasion of the
domicile except by authority of a writ. Now,
Mr. President, if the Constitution of the Uni-
ted- States in express terms prohibits a search
except upon sufficient authority, and a search
has been made withoutthatauthority and against
the provision of the Constitution, can Congress
interpose a defense when the injured citizen
brings his action for damages in the courts?
And yet this is proposed.
Next, it applies to all seizures. Seizure of
the person is also protected against in the Con-
stitution so that a man's person shall bo sacred
and free from arrest except upon proper writ
to be issued upon proper complaint under oath ;
and yet it is proposed that where a seizure has
been made without this authority the order of
some superior military officer shall bo a suffi-
cient, defense. I submit to Senators whether
this can be. Docs the provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States indeed protect us?
If the Constitution be violated in the eases
mentioned ill this bill, is it possible for Con-
gress to say that that violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States against 11 so person
or the domicile of the citizen shall be justified
in a proceeding in court by the mere fact that
some superior military authority has author-
ized it?
This bill goes much further than the act of
March o, lbtii!. That act, if 1 recollect it, cor-
rectly, only allowed the order to be a defense
when the wrong was by virtue of the authority
of the President of the United States. The
authority had to come from the President or
perhaps one of his Cabinet. Now if is proposed
that where a man's house has been invaded,
where his person or property has been seized,
whore he has been ai rested, whore he has been
imprisoned without the process whieh the Con-
stitution requires before this shall be done, not
only that it shall be a defense if the President
of the United States commanded it, but it shall
be a defense if these wrongs were done by the
commander of the department, or of the dis-
tinct , or of the; particular locality where the out-
rage was committed.
ilr. President, I would desire to vote with
Senators in laror of a bill protecting military
officers and other officers in tlieiraetstliatwere
done in good faith for the public good and with-
out any bad motive ; but if this bill pusses, the
motive of the officer will bo unimportant. He
may have been governed by ever so bad a mo-
tive, and yet the mere fact that he commanded
an inferior officer to do the act is to be a defense
in the courts. Without 1 efereneo to the motive
that governed the paityin making the com-
mand, it is to be a defense. 1 presume so, lie-
cause the 'words are general. Tim Senator from
New Hampshire smiles at.this suggestion. This
is my rnudingpof the bill, because there are 110
exceptions in this section. It is a defense if
the acts were done or omitted "by virtue of
any order, written or verbal, general or special,
issued by the President or Secretary ol Vv'ar,
or by any military officer of the United States
holding the command of the department, dis-
trict, orplacc within which such seizure, search,
arrest, or imprisonment was made, done, or
committed."
Mr. President, let me state ono ease that
occurred in the State of Indiana, by way of
illustration. The commanding officer issued a
written order to a sergeant or lieutenant direct-
ing him to go down to the county of Mai tin and
arrest and bring to Indianapolis undci arrest
such person or persons as a detective, naming
him — I forget his name—might point out.
1 With that order in his pocket the lieutenant or
! sergeant, accompanied by the detective, went
i down to Martin county and there made arrests.
The detective pointed out the parties to be
arrested. Among others tliey arrested a gen-
tleman of very high position, unquestionable
integrity and honor, recently before that, a
member of the Indiana Legislature, and but a
short time returned from the war, having com-
manded a company in one of the Indiana regi-
ments. The returned soldier and captain was
brought, to Indianapolis and confined in one of
the military prisons, and for a number of days
was not allowed to address any friend that ho
had, and none of us that knew him and esteemed
him know that he was in the city. There was
an arrest made by virtue of an order from the
head of the department or district of Indiana.
The lieutenant or sergeant would justify under
that order, if sued. I do not know that, any
suit is based upon that proceeding. There ought
to be. Against that military commander there
are suits pending. If he did right, I want him
to be justified in the courts. If he did wrong,
he ought not to have a defense in the courts.
Men are appointed to high military commands,
as is supposed, because of their intelligence and
their qualifications for the position. Jt. cer-
tainly ought not to be a defense that they have
wantonly disregarded the provisions of the Con-
stitution or the laws of the land.
Again, sir, I wish to submit to the gentleman
having this bill in charge, whether, if an act
such as is described in this section be com-
mitted with rudeness, cruelty, and outrage, I10
intends that in such a case as that there shall
be a defense in court. J f the citizen be arrested
without the authority of law and against the
provisions of the Constitution, and instead of
being treated kindly and carefully he lie placed
in irons and be brought through the country in
irons when it is unnecessary, merely for the
purpose of cruelty toward him, is it intended
that this out raged citizen shall not have a remedy
in the courts for tin; abuse of the authority that
it is supposed the command of the superior offi-
cer conferred? If a sheriff have in his hands a
wiit lo be executed, and ho executes that writ
with a degree of harshness not required under
the circumstances of the case for the purpose
of gratifying personal malignity, although ho
be authorized to execute 1 lie writ, still, for the
outrage which lie does in its execution he shall
be held responsible in the courts. Will you say,
then, that a man who docs an act without the
authority of law shall be held to a greater
indemnity and protection for this outrage and
excess of abuse and wrong than the man who
executes a writ? And yet, sir, I take it. that
would be the effect of this bill. Whatever is
done by virtue of the command of a superior
officer may be justified under this bill.
It. was not my purpose to arge.e the bill at
this time, because I did not know that it was
to come up. I understood from the Senator
from New Hampshire that he expected lo call
up a bill regulating the selection of juroM in
the United States courts. So I was no! look-
ing for this bill to come up at this time; and
I should be very glad indeed if the bill wero
postponed until to-morrow. I do not want to
delay its passage if it is the pleasure of the
majority to pass it, but 1 think the motion of
the Senator from Delaware is a reasonable
motion. There nre other important provis-
ions in this bill as to the character of the evi-
dence that shall be produced 111 court, how it
shall bo established that the act was done
under the command of a supeiior officer, and
all that which ought to be considered; and it
seems to me that the Senator from Now Hamp-
shire himself will concede that there ought to
be some provision taking away the defense
from men who have committed wanton and
cruel outrages even in the execution of orders
from superior military officers.
I could illustrate my views by a number of
cases that have come under my own observa-
tion. I will mention one that 1 recollect ju«t
now. A very excellent citi/eu who fovmeily
resided in the same town with mjself mo-, ed
out to !he State of Illinois, and for some rea-ou
or other it was supposed that he was giving
