1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3801
Mr. WARNER. I have no particular pref-
erence as to what officer shall be designated
to direct the expenditure of the money; but
the collector of the port, being on the spot,
seems to me the proper officer.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed by
order of the House.
On the amendment there were—ayes twenty-
six, noes not counted.
Mr. WARNER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Warner
and Hioby were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 03, noes 30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to offer the foU'owmg
as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That the sum of
532,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated to pay Madi-
son Sweotzor, upon condition that the said Madison
Sweetzer shail first, by a good and sufficient deed,
convey to the United States all his right, title, and
interest in and to the following lands, conveyed by
the United States to Joseph Riehardville, sr., and
Joseph Riehardville, jr., by treaty at St. Mary's, Oc-
tober 6,1818, to wit: the west half of section No. 26,
the east half of section No. 28, and section No.t 27, of
township five south, range four east, lying in the
county of Auglaize and State of Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I rise to
a point of order. I submit that is simply a
proposition to pay a private claim. _ It is an
endeavor to insert into an appropriation bill
independent legislation. If this can be enter-
tained as an amendment to a general appropri-
ation bill, then any private claim whatever can
be provided for in this way.
Mr. NIBLACK. The appropriation em-
bodied in the amendment has been recom-
mended to the Committee on Appropriations
in regular form by the Secretary of the Interior.
It has been considered by the committee and
has received their approval. I cannot see why
it is not appropriate as an amendment to this
bill. It is in pursuance of an existing law of
Congress, amended at the present session, pro-
viding for the appraisement of these lands and
for the extinguishment of the title.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Indiana state that the appropriation pro-
posed in the amendment is in pursuance of an
existing law?
Mr. NIBLACK. It is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is not well taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
Chair hold that this proposition is to carry out
an existing law?
Mr. NIBLACK. There is a law of Con-
What law
gross 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
of Congress?
Mr. LE BLOND. I will say to the gentle
man from Illinois that this is a matter ielati]i|
peculiarly to my own district. In the lliirtj
Eighth Congress I introduced a bill (which was
passed and became a law) providing tor the
appraisement of the land for the purpose of
extinguishing thistitle. The appropriation now
proposed is in pursuance of that law. _
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My point
of order is that this is a proposition to pay
a private claim, and cannot be m order on an
appropriation bill. I do not now piupose, when
the House has closed debate, to go mto a dis-
cussion of the propriety of this large appro-
priation of $32,000. But it is to provide tor
no contingency of the Government; it is to
carry out no existing law. If this proposition
is in order, there is no private claim presented
duritin- this session that could not be provided
for intiu amendment to a general appropriation
1,1 The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs to state
to the gentleman from Illinois that he asked
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. ^INlblackJ
■whether this was in pursuance of existing law,
and the gentleman replied that it was. On that
statement the Chair thinks it is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask that
the law may be produced. That is the ordi-
nary course when a question of this kind is
raised. The Chairman of the Committee of the
Whole very often suspends his decision until
the law is produced. I have no doubt that the
gentleman from Indiana thinks that he is cor-
rect ; but the law ought to be produced, that
the Chair as well as members of the House
may understand what it is.
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman from
Illinois will reflect a moment, he will recollect
that when the law upon which this appropria-
tion is based was introduced here as a bill he
himself made objection to its passage; but the
House passed it almost unanimously.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to produce the law.
Mr. LE BLOND. It can be produced from
the records
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ When my
friend from Indiana spoke to me in regard to
this matter this morning I supposed that he
was going to bring it up as a private bill. I
had no idea lie was going to present it as an
amendment to a general appropriation bill.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. 1 rise to a point of order,
he question of order raised by the gentleman
from Illinois has been decided against him;
and now he is arguing it after the decision of
the Chair has been given.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Chair
has a right to be properly informed in refer-
ence to this question. The Chair admits, un-
less in pursuance of existing law, this amend-
ment is out of order. I hope that the Chair
will require that the law shall be produced. It
is incumbent upon the gentleman offering the
amendment to produce the law if the question
of order is raised.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Illinois insists upon that as a point of order,
the Chair will suspend liis decision until the
law is produced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there is
such a law let us see it; but my belief is that
there is no such law.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no question be-
fore the House. When two members of this
House make the statement that there is such
a law, no member has the right to rise up here
and say that he believes there is 110 such law.
Mr. LE BLOND. In the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress a jaw was passed to which the section
now offered refers. It authorized the Secre-
tary of the Interior to appoint a commission
to ascertain the amount and valuation of this
land. T ,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I make the point
that debate is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It seems that the uni-
form practice has been, when the point of
order has been made, to insist on the produc-
tion of the law ; and the Chair will therefore
reserve his decision until the law is produced.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. 1 want the
Clerk to read the amendment which was
adopted a little while ago on motion of the
gentleman from Illinois to amend ^ the act tor
enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes.
The amendment was read.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I now ask
the Clerk to read a section of the law which it
proposed to amend.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate
in order? . .
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I move to
strike that amendment out.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not m order as
that part of the bill has been passed.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. The amend-
ment. is not germane to this bill. That law has
vested rights in certain individuals, which it is
now unconstitutional to attempt to deprive
^Mi-.'l'e BLOND. I have the law here 1o
which I referred, and I ask the Clerk to readmit.
The Clerk read as follows:
An act for the relief of William Sawyer and others,
ot the State of Ohio.
"Wheraas by the treaty of St. Mary's with the
Miami Indians of October 6,1818, the west half of sec-
tion No. 26, the east half of section No. 28, and sec-
tion No. 27, lying in the county of Auglaize and State
of Ohio, were reserved and gran ted to Joseph Riehard-
ville, sr., and Joseph Riehardville, jr.; and whereas all
of said lands have since been sold in several parcels
to divers persons by the United States and by tho
State of Ohio, under and by virtue of a grant from,
the United States; and whereas by virtue of a judi-
cial sale upon a judgment rendered against the said
Joseph Riehardville, jr., survivor and sole heir-at-
law of the said Joseph Riehardville, sr., the title
granted to the said Joseph Riehardville, sr., and
Joseph Riehardville, jr., by said treaty in all ol said
lands has become vested in one Madison Sweetzer,
the purchaser at said sale; and whereas the snul Mad-
ison Sweetzer has established his title to said lands
by sundry judgments in ejectment, recovered in the
circuit court of the United States for tho northern
district of Ohio, against the tenants in possession,
holding under titles derived, directly or indirectly,
from the United States as aforesaid: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Heprescnta-
tivesofthe United Stoics of America in Congress assem-
bled, That tho Secretary of the Interior be, and ho
hereby is, authorized and required to cause the un-
improved value of the said tracts of land to be ascer-
tained by the valuation and assessment of a commis-
sioner to be appointed by hiin for that purpose, and
which commissioner shall, before he proceeds to tho
assessment and valuation of the same, take an oath
faithfully and impartially to perform his duties as
such commissioner. And when the paid Secretary ot
the Interior shall thus ascertain tho unimproved
value of said lands he shall report the same to the
House of Representatives at the earliest practicable
moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What has
that to do with this subject?
Mr. LE BLOND. I know the captiousness
of the gentleman from Illinois in regard to
almost everything.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
done nothing that is captious; I have only
done my duty.
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman lias no
right to object when he does not know what ho
is objecting to. When a man understands that
a thing is wrong I recognize his right to object
to it. The pending amendment is in pursu-
ance of the law which has been read. The
Secretary of the Interior appointed a commis-
sioner who appraised these lands and made a
report to Congress, which is upon the table of
every member. That report is briefly this,
that these parties had a title to these two sec-
tions of lands. One of the sections they sold to
different individuals ; the other was conveyed
to the State of Ohio for canal purposes, and
was sold by the State to private individuals in
my district. The land lies within two miles
of the town of St. Mary's, a flourishing place,
containing some two thousand inhabitants.
This man Sweetzer had a judgment against
Riehardville, jr., an Indian, for goods sold.
He believed that Riehardville was the rightlul
owner of tho land under the treaty of 1818, and
thereupon he obtained a judgment against the
Indian, levied upon fclie lands and sold them.
Then he filed in the circuit court of the United
States his petition against the occupants ol the
land, claiming that the title ot the Indian was
paramount. The district court, alter heating
the ease, decided in favor of Sweetzer. And
now it stands in this shape: these occupants,
about forty families, are without a title, due
title which they derived through the State of
Ohio and the United States has been declared
void, and the title of Sweetzer, derived through
this Indian, 1ms been established a'r paramount.
Now, SweeUer having a judgment, can at any
time oust these occupants by getting out a writ
of ejectment. Tho occupants have applied to
the Legislature of the State of Ohio, and have
petitioned Congress to quiet their title. _ _
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is ot opinion
that this debate is not in order, and that tho
section is not properly introduced as an amend-
ment. The original law makes 110 appropria-
tion to carry it out.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report tho bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and tho Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Raymond re
