1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBB.
4$i
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
of Chippewa Indians, as provided in article
third, treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty- six, one thousand dollars.
For tho erection of One blacksmith shop, as
per third article treaty of April seventh, eight-
een hund red and sixty-six, five hundred dollars.
For the erection of a school-house, as per
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, five hundred dollars.
For the erection of eight houses for chiefs,
as per third article treaty of April seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, three thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For the erection of an agency building and
store-house, as per third article treaty of April
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, two
thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments, for the sup-
port of one blacksmith and assistant, and for
tools, iron, and steel, and other articles neces-
sary for the blacksmith shop, as per third arti-
cle treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, one
' thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments, for the sup-
port of one school teacher, and for necessary
books and stationery, as per third article treaty
of April seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, eight hun-
dred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for the in-
struction of the Indians in farming, and pur:
chase of seeds, tools, and so forth, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, for the fiseal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, eight hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments of annuity
in money, to be paid per capita, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments of annuity in
provisions, ammunition, and tobacco, as per
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments of annuity in
goods and other articles, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen^ hundred and
-sixty-six, for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, six
thousand five hundred dollars.
To enable the chiefs, headmen, and warriors
to establish their people upon the new reser-
vation, and to purchase useful articles and
presents, as per fourth article treaty of April
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
Senate amendment thereto, thirty thousand
dollars.
To pay necessary transportation anji sub-
sistence of the delegates who visited Washing-
ton for the purpose of negotiating treaty, as per
eighth article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, ten thousand dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of de-
livery of annuity goods and provisions to the
BoissFort Land of Chippewa Indians, as per
sixth article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seveu, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Tabequache Band of Utah Indians.
For building a blacksmith shop for the Ta-
bequache band of Utah Indians, as per tenth
article treaty of October seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel and ne-
cessary tools for said shop, as per tenth article
treaty of October seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, two
hundred and twenty dollars.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 26.
For the purchase of iron, steel, and necessary
tools for said shop, as per tenth article treaty
of October seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three_, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, two
hundred and twenty dollars.
Forthe purchase of iron, steel, and neces-
sary • tools for said shop, as per tenth article
treaty of October seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending .June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
two hundred and twenty dollars.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant for the
Tabeguache band of Utah Indians, aspertenth
article treaty of October seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-threq, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
one thousand one hundred dollars.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant for the
Tabefuacheband of Utahlndians, as per tenth
article treaty of October seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
one'thonsand one hundred dollars.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant for the
Tabeguache band of Utah Indians, as per tenth
article treaty of October seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one thousand one hundred dollars.
Arapaho and Cheyenne Indians of the Upper
Arkansas liiver.
For reimbursing members of the bands of
Arapaho and Cheyenne Indians who suffered
at Sand Creek, November twenty-ninth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, to be paid in Uni-
ted States securities, animals, goods, provis-
ions, or such other useful articles as the Sec-
retary of the Interior may direct, as per sixth
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, thirty-nine thousand
and fifty dollars.
For first of forty installments, to be expended
in such manner and for such purposes as the
Secretary of the Interior may direct, being an
amount equal to twenty dollars per capita, for
two thousand eight hundred persons, the num-
ber agreed upon for the present year, as per
seventh article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, fifty-six thousand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Arapaho and Chey-
enne Indians of the Upper Arkansas river, for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
Camanches and Kioways.
For first of forty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, being an amount equal to ten dollars per
capita for four thousand persons, the number
agreed upon for the present year, as per fifth
article treaty of October eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, forty thousand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Camanche and Kio-
way Indians, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, eight
thousand dollars.
Apaches.
For first of forty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the in-
terior, forthe Apache Indians, beingan amount
equal to twenty dollars per capita for eight
hundred persons, as per second article treaty
of October seventeenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, six-
teen thousand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Apache Indians for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Omaha, Tribe of Indians.
For this gum, to be expended by their agent,
under the direction of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, for goods, provisions, cattle,
horses, construction of buildings, farming im-
plements, breaking of lands, andotlierimprove-
meuts on their reservation, as per second article
of treaty of March sixth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, fifty thousand dollars.
For this sum to be paid as damages, in con-
sequence of the occupancy of a portion of the
Omaha reservation and use and destruction of
timber by the Winnebago tribe of Indians, as
per. third article of treaty of March sixth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, seven thousand
dollars.
For keeping in -repair ft grist and saw mill,
as per eighth article of treaty of March six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third article of treaty of March sixth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
three hundred dollars.
For pay of one engineer and assistant, as per
eighth article of treaty of March sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third ar-
ticle of treaty of March sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For pay of one miller and assistant, as per
eighth article of treaty of March sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third ar-
ticle of treaty of March sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, as per eighth article of
treaty of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, and third article of treaty of March
sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, nine hundred dollars.
For pay of blacksmith and assistants, as per
eighth article of treaty of March sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third
article of treaty of March sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For support of blacksmith shop and supply-
ing tools for the same, as per eighth article of
treaty of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, and third article of treaty of
March sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, three hundred
dollars.
Yahama Nation.
For second installment for keeping in repair
blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths', carpen-
ters', and wagon and plow makers' shops, and
for providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth
article of treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For third installment for keeping in repair
blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths', carpen-
ters', and wagon and plow makers' shops, and
for providing necessary tools therefor, per filth
article treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred ana
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourth installment for keeping in repair
blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths', carpen-
ters', aud wagon and plow makers shops, ana
for providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth
article treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fifth installment for keeping in repair
blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths', carpen-
ters', and wagon and plow makers shops, &nd
for providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth
article treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
