402
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 26,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For sixth installment for keeping in repair
blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths', carpen-
ters' and wagon and plow makers' shops, and
for providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth
article of treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For seventh installment for keeping in repair
blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths', carpen-
ters', and wagon and plow makers' shops, and
for providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth
article treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
Klamath and Modoc Indians.
For first of five annual installments, to be
applied under direction of the President, as
per second article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, eight thousand dollars.
For this amount to pay for such articles as
may bo advanced the Indians at the time of
signing the treaty, and to subsist them during
the first year after their removal to the reser-
vation, the purchase of teams, farming imple-
ments, seeds, tools, clothing, and provisions,
and salary of the necessary employes, as per
third article treaty of October fourteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, thirty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For the erection of one saw-mill, one flouring-
mill, buildiugs for the blacksmith, carpenter,
and wagon and plow maker, the necessary
buildings for one manual-labor school, and for
hospital buildings, as per fourth article treaty
of October fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, eleven thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
For the purchase of tools and material for
saw and flour mills, carpenter, blacksmith,
wagon and plow makers' shops, and books and
stationery for the manual-labor school, as per
fourth article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the fiscal
\ear ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of fifteen installments to pay salary
and subsistence of one superintendent of farm-
ing, one farmer, one blacksmith, one sawyer,
one carpenter, and one wagon and plow malser,
as per fifth article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteeu hundred and sixty-four, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
aud sixty-seven, six thousand dollars.
For first of twenty installments to pay salary
and subsistence of one physician, one miller,
and two school teachers, as per fifth article
treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, three thousand six hundred dollars.
For the erection of agency buildings, four
thousand dollars.
Miscellaneous.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions to the Flathead Indians
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, per fifth article
treaty July sixteenth, eighteen hundred aud
fifty-five, eleven thousand nine hundred and
twenty dollars and forty-one cents.
Indian Service in New Mexico.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in New Mexico, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, fifty
thousand dollars.
Indian Service in the District of Country
leased from, the Choctaics for the Indians
lately residing in Texas.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing agricultural implements and
stock, pay of necessary employes, purchasing
clothing, medicine, iron, and steel, mainte-
nance of schools for Indians lately residing in
Texas, to be expended under direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, twenty-two thousand
eight hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For the Wichitas and other Affiliated Bands.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing said bands with agricultural
implements and stock, pay of necessary em-
ployes, purchase of clothing, medicines, iron,
and steel, and maintenance of schools, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, thirty-seven thousand eight
hundred dollars.
Miscellaneous.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in California, including travel-
ing expenses of the superintending agents,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and
milk, together with clothing and food, teams
and farming tools for Indians in California,
fifty-five thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Michigan, twenty thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars and sixty-two cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of Pawnee, Ponca
and Yancton Sioux annuity goods and provis.
ions, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses attending the vaccination of
Indians, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Oregon and Washington
Territory, including insurance and transpor-
tation of annuity goods and presents (where
no special provision therefor is made by trea-
ties,) and office and traveling expenses of the
superintendent and sub-agents, thirty-five thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal
and subsistence of Indians in Oregon and
Washington Territory, (not parties to any
treaty,) and for pay of necessary employes,
fifty thousand dollars,
Indian Service in Nevada.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful arti-
cles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselv.es by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Indiai Service in Utah, Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Utah Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Indian Scrvice in Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Colorado Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For payment of interest on fifteen thousand
dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, for the Cherokee school fund, nine
hundred dollars.
For payment of interest on sixty-eight thou-
sand dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, of the Cherokee national fund,
four thousand and eighty dollars.
Navajo Indians in New Mexico.
For subsistence for the Navajo Indians, and
for the purchase of sheep and of agricultural
implements, seeds, and other articles neces-
sary for breaking the ground on the reservation
upon the Pecos river, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For payment of interest on one million six
hundred and ninety thousand three hundred
dollars, non-paying stock held by the Secretary
of the Interior in trust for the various Indian
tribes, up to and including the interest payable
July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one
hundred thousand one hundred and fifty-three
dollars.
For subsistence, clothing, and general inci-
dental expenses of the Sisseton, Wahpaton,
Medawakanton, and Wahpakoota bands of
Sioux or Dakota Indians, at their new homes,
one hundred thousand dollars.
Indian Service in Idaho Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Idaho Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and to sustain themselves
by the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, twenty thousand dollars.
Indian Service in the Territory of Arizona.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in the Territory of Arizona, pre-
sents of goods, agricultural implements, and
other useful articles, and to assist them to lo-
cate in permanent abodes, and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Indian Service in Montana Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Montana Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, twenty thousand dollars.
California.
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith,
one assistant blacksmith, one farmer, one car-
penter, upon each of the four reservations in
California, at the rate of fifty dollars per month,
twelve thousand dollars.
Indian Service in Dalcota Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Dakota Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use
lul articles, and to assist them to locate in per-
manent abodes and sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty thousand dollars.
For the transportation and necessary ex-
penses of delivery of provisions to the Indians
within the Utah supcrintendency, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, twenty-two thousand five hun-
dred dollars. *
For salary of a special agent to take charge
of Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians now
in the State of Wisconsin, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no
funds belonging to any Indian tribe with which
treaty relations exist shall be applied in any
manner not authorized by such treaty, or by
express provisions of law, nor shall money ap-
propriated to execute a treaty be transferred or
applied to any other purpose, unless expressly
authorized by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
be, and is hereby, appropriated, ont of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of five hundred thousand dol-
