1866:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3803
prevention of smuggling.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 222) enti-
tled "An act further to prevent smuggling, and for
other purpose?," having met, after full andfree con-
ference they have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as tollows:
That the Senate agree to the first, second, third,
fourth, sixth, seventh, eighth.ninth,tenth, eleventh,
twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments as the same were made by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
That the Senate agree to the fifth amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill, with the
following amendment, to wit: insert in place of the
words stric-ken out by the House of Representatives
the words following: " In all cases where the posses-
sion of such goods shall be shown to be in the de-
fendant, or whero the defendant shall be shown to
have had possession thereof, such possession shall be
deemed evidence sufficient to authorize conviction,
unless the defendant shall explain the possession to
the satisfaction of the jury."
That the House of Representatives agree to the
said amendment to the bill.
JOHH CONFESS,
L. Jl. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
JOHN L. THOMAS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
officers of tiie army.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate amend-
ments to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 101)
for the relief of certain officers of the Army.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object.
assault upon a member.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a question of
privilege, and call up the resolutions of the
seiect committee relative to the assault upon
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grinxell.] _
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] will yield to me, I will move
to adjourn.
Mr. SPALDING. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ALLEY. ImovethattheHouseadjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. KASSOIf: The petition of E. "W. Eullerton,
and other?, tor the passage of the bill (IT. R. No. 30-1)
grantincr aid to State Line railroad in Iowa.
Bv Mr. LOXfcrYEAE: The memorial ot John D
Paikhuist, late captain company A, eighth United
States Veteran volunteers, asking relief touching
ceitnin money paid him by theUnited States through
the Merchants' National Bank, of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, and lost by the failure ot said bank.
Bv Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Private Ed-
ward Qumn, an old soldier of ordnance battalion,
United States Army, praying to be relieved irom the
cffect of loss of time between enlistments.
Also, the memorial of A. Giesou, and five others, of
New York, officers of United States volunteers, who
wee promoted from the ranks after the 3d of March,
ISO"), praying that the law may be so amended as to
extend to them thebenefitof the three months' extra
pay.   _
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 14, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. T. G. Freeman, of New York.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading ot the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petition.
Mr. GUTHRIE presented a memorial of the
board of directors of the Louisville and Port-
land canal, praying for a loan of $1,000,000 in
Government bonds, secured by a second mort-
gage on the canal and enlargements, to enable
the company to complete the work; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by a ma-
jority of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Henry S. Davis, to report a bill (S. No.
427) for the relief of Henry S. Davis, accom-
panied by a report, which I ask to have printed.
The bill was read a first time by its title and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by the chair-
man of the committee to say that he designs to
submit a minority report, which he wishes to
have printed with the bill reported by the ma-
jority of the committee.
bill introduced.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 428) for the relief of the sufferers by the
late fire at Portland, Maine; which was read
twice by its title, laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
colored soldiers' bounties.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 176) amendatory of a
joint resolution entitled " A resolution respect-
ing bounties to colored soldiers, and the pen-
sions, bounties, and allowances to their heirs,"
approved June 15, 1866, for the purpose of
recommitting it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the resolu-
tion be recommitted to the Committee on Mili
tary Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the House
bill to equalize bounties with the view to have
it specially assigned for Tuesday next.
The motion to take up the bill (II. R. No.
602) to equalize the bounties of soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines who served in the late war
for the Union, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that thebillbe
postponed until Tuesday next, and be made the
special order for that day at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
joint committee on retrenchment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the House con-
current resolution providing for the appoint-
ment of a joint committee on the subject of
retrenchment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
which was received from the House of Repre-
sentatives on the 2d of July:
Whereas thefinancial condition oftheUnitedStates
demands the exercise of a rigid economy in all de-
partments of the Government, in order to sustain
the credit of the nation, and to relieve the people at
the earliest possible day from the burden of excess-
ive taxation; and whereas there is reason to belicvo
that in many departments of the civil service abases
have for a long timo existed, and still exist, m the
perpetuation of useless offices and sinecures, in ex-
travagant salaries and allowances, and in other
unnecessary and wasteful expenditures: Therefore,
Jiesohedby the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That a joint select committee be ap-
pointed, to consist of two members of the Senate and
three members of the House, to be styled "the joint
select committee on retrenchment;" thatsaid com-
mittee bo instructed to inquire into the expenditures
in all tho branches of the civil service of the Lnited
States, and to report whether any, and what, ofliees
ought to be abolished; whether any, and what, sala-
ries or allowances ought to be reduced; and gen-
erally how, and to what extent, tho expenses of tho
civil'service of the country may and ought to be cur-
tailed That said committee be authorized to sit
during tho recess of Congress, to send for. persons
and papers, and to report by bill or otherwise; and
that said committee may appoint a clerk tor too
term of six months, and no more.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the word "civil"
before "service" wherever it occurs, so that
it may apply to all services.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the res-
olution by inserting after theword "reduced,"
in the seventh line the words, "what are the
methods of securing accountability in public
officers or agents in the car j^md disbursement
of public moneys, whether moneys have been
paid out illegally, and whether any officers or
agents or other persons have been or are en-
gaged in the service without authority of law
or unnecessarily."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have an amendment,
which I offer at the suggestion of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Brown,] who requests me
to offer it in his absence. I heartily concur
in it. It is to insert after the word " curtailed,''
in the ninth line of the resolution, the follow-
ing:
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing tho laws under which appointments to the civil
service are now made as to provide for the selection
of subordinate officers after due examination by
proper boards, their continuance in office during spe-
cified terms, unless dismissed upon charges preferred
and sustained before tribunals designated for that
purpose, and for withdrawing the civil service from
being used as an instrument of political or party
patronage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly entirely agree
to the propriety of what is contained in that
amendment; but it appears to "mo, and lias ap-
peared to other gentlemen with whom I have
consulted upon the subject of the amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island, for it has
been talked about, that if this committee prop-
erly "perform the duty which the resolution
already provides for, it will have sufficient labor
on its hands from now till the 1st of Decem-
ber, during all the time it would be willing to
work. By providing for too many subjects of
inquiry we are, I fear, likely not to accomplish
anything. I would prefer, therefore, that this
amendment should not be adopted to this res-
olution ; but I should most heartily go for it
as an independent proposition committed to
some other committee, so as to be sure to have
the service performed ; for it is very impor-
tant, certainly sufficiently important, to engage
the attention of a special committee on that
subject alone.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that the committee
cannot well examine the subject that is already
committed to them by the resolution without
taking into consideration the subject of the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri. I
think that in examining the first question they
will be necessarily obliged to examine tho sec-
ond. If it should be found that they have not
time to examine the whole, they might make
a supplementary report; butitis better, I think,
that the whole subject should be referred to one
committee rather than to two.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is great force in
what my friend from Rhode Island says, and I
shall not oppose the adoption of this amend-
ment; but if* it be adopted I shall propose an
increase of the number of the committee, so
that the work maybe subdivided and the thing
accomplished in that way.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will strike out the word
"civil" before "service," to make it corre-
spond with the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh no; that should not
be done, because officers in the military and
naval service cannot now be dismissed except
on the finding of a court-martial. They come
within the rule proposed, so that this amend-
ment should be confined to the civil service.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move now to amend the
resolution by striking out the word " two," in
the second line, andinsertingthe word "three;"
and by striking out the word "three," in the
third line, and inserting the word "five so
that the committee will consist of throe mem-
bers of the Senate, and five members of tho
House of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. T ask for the reading of
the resolution as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Whereas thefinancial condition of theUnitedStates
demands the exercise of a rigid economy in all de-
partments of the Government m order to sustain the
credit of the nation and to relieve tho people at the
earliest possible day from the burden of excessive
taxation; and whereas there is reason to believe that
in many departments of the soivice.abuses liavo lor
a long timo existed, and still exist, in the perpetua-
tion of useless offices and sinecures, in extravagant
