1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1888
not presumed to examine them very closely,
and the first time they look into them is when
they are read1' in the Senate. I see very clearly
what is intended by this bill. It opens up a
vast field of discussion by members of the bar
of this country. You are changing the rules
of law and the rules of evidence as applicable
.to "your courts, and that change is grounded
upon the change of circumstances in which we
•are placed.
I have found in my brief experience at the
bar that almost every change made in the old
English system has begfifor the worse. Your
modern American improvements in my judg-
ment have added nothing to the system of legal
jurisprudence. Now, sir, in the words of this
bill as I heard it read there, is couched a mean-
ing capable of perversion which may destroy
the old landmarks of the law, and in my judg-
ment it requires more deliberation than has
been given to it.
Bnt, sir, I do not suppose anything that I
can say in this body will have any effect. We
are in revolutionary times; wo are revolution-
izing the law. I see that my friends on the
otlterside smileatthis. It rather brings thoughts
of sadness to my heart than anything which
should cause a smile. I ask you to pause, and
if you will not leave anything else, leave the
principles of the law to stand unimpaired.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire whether the second
section is not rendered unnecessary by the
passage of the judiciary bill. I think that in
the judiciary bill which has passed the Senate
we sufficiently provide for appeals and writs of
error in criminal cases.
Mr. CLARK. That has not become a law
yet.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But if itshould, itwould
be unfortunate tliatat the same session of Con-
gress we should have made different provisions
on that subject; but if the Senator thinks it
desirable to pass the section I have no objection.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know whether the
Senator from Delaware made a motion to post-
pone ; 1 did not understand him to do so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He did not.
Mr. CLARK. The bill was before the Senate
some month ago or more, and at the request of
the Senator from Kentucky, was postponed to
give time for further consideration.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to have a little
further time to look into this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
from New York desires a postponement, I
should for one be for granting it; but. 1 thought
he was in (he committee at the time the bill
was decided upon.
Mr. HARRIS. I believe I was.
Mr. JOHNSON. But you wish time now to
consider it further.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 have entirely lost sight of it,
and should like to look into it again.
' Mr. CLARK. Then I move that the bill be
postponed until to-morrow, and I give notice
that I shall call it up at the earliest occasion
after the Senator from New York shall have
had time to look into it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIONLD.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed the followed enrolled bills and
joint resolution ; which thereupon received the
signature of the President pro tempore of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 394) for the relief of the
estatoj>f E- W. Eddy ;
A mil (H. R. No. 207) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide ways and means
to support the Government,'' approved March
§'a joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) giving
construction to the law in relation to the boun-
ties payable to soldiers discharged for wounrb ;
A bill (H. R. No. 223) to amend "An act to
incorporate th0 Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia
A bill (H. R. No. 3G0) to reimburse the
State of Pennsylvania for moneys advanced
Government for war purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3G4) to confirm, unto
Augustin Amiot, his legal assigns and repre-
sentatives, a certain lot of ground in the city
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri.
HEALTH CONGRESS AT CONSTANTINOPLE.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 55, to provide for the
representation of the United States at the
International Health Congress at Constanti-
nople.
Mr. SUMNER. I hppe the Senate will not
proceed with that at present. I would remind
the Senate that some weeks ago the President
sent a message to Congress on that very sub-
ject, covering a considerable correspondence ;
among others, letters between the French min-
ister and the Secretary of State, and the Sec-
retary of State and the Surgeon General of the
United States. The message and all the
accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. That com-
mittee has had the subject under consider-
ation twice and has not yet reached any con-
clusion. There are some reasons why the
United States should bo represented ; but there
are reasons why we should not take the respon-
sibility and undergo the expense of such repre-
sentation. But, sir, while the subject on,
the reference of the message of the President
was under consideration by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, it comes before the Mili-
tary Committee. The Military Committee has
only an indirect connection with the subject.
It is in the very title of the resolution inter-
national in its character, and as t have already
said, the President, when lie introduced the
subject to our attention, treated it as a ques-
tion in our international relations. I think,
therefore, that I do not go too far if I ask that,
the Senate shall wait at least a little longer
for the report of the committee to which the
message of the President was referred.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to wait-
ing; but I will state to the Senate that this
resolution «is reported on the written recom-
mendation of the Surgeon General of the Army
in a letter sent to the Committee on Military
Affairs proposing to detail two Army surgeons
to go to Europe to examine into this subject,
and suggesting that it would cost $2,000 and
should be paid out of the appropriation for
medical and hospital supplies for the Anny.
The Secretary of War approves the proposi-
tion. I sent my clerk to him and he suggested
a simple change; he thought $2,000 would
hardly be enough to do it. I do not know
when the proposed Health Congress meets.
I have the letter of the Surgeon General mak-
ing the suggestion that authority be given to
detail two surgeons of the Army of the United
States: and several eminent surgeons of the
Army have made the same recommendation.
I am willing to withdraw my motion, however.
Mr. SUMNER. There was one question
which came up in the Committee on Foreign
Relations; it .was whether, if it was deemed
advisable that the United States should bo
represented there, it should be exclusively by
Army surgeons. On that the committee reached
no conclusion; but there was a disposition in
the committee, I think, to have a mixed com-
mission, if I may so express myself, that is,
that there should be one ortwo Army surgeons
and perhaps one oi two fiom civil lite; but on
that the committee reached no conclusion, nor
did the committee reach any conclusion on the
grneral question whether upon the whole it was
expedient that the United States should be rep-
resented there. I had conversation myself with
some of the gentlemen of our Administration
most interested in this question from their
position, and 1 found great diversity of opinion.
I shall not undertake now to quote names, but
I may say that those of the most authority, if
I could quote their names, in personal^ con-
versation with me have ^expressed different
< pinions 0" 'h's subject.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] asks
me if this congress is in session. The last
news from Europe is that it has adjourned, and
whether it will meet again I do not know.
General Barnes told me the night before last
that his latest intelligence from Constantinople
was that the commission had adjourned, ho
thought sine die. I am inclined to think, how-
ever, that it is notswse die, but that its meetings
will be renewed. I am led to tljat conclusion
from the fact that the conference is under the
auspices of the French Government; I believe
that the Emperor takes a very great interest in
it, and he docs not easily abandon his plans.
I am therefore disposed to think that we shall
hear of it again very soon or in some other
form, but that will properly enter into the con-
sideration of the question when the committee
take it up again.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion to
take up the joint resolution after what has been
stated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
recommitment of a t!ill.
Mr. WILSON. I move to recommit Senate
bill No. 1U, to provide for Ihc national defense
'by establishing a uniform militia and organiz-
ing an active volunteer militia force throughout
the United Stales.
The motion was agreed to.
CSE OP HALL FOR LECTURES.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate yesterday adopted a reso-
lution granting the use of the Hall on the 17th
instant to Mrs. Walling for the purpose of
delivering a lecture. *
The PRESIDENT tempore. The motion
will be entered.
contractors for vessels and machinery.
Mr. NYE. I move to take up for consid-
eration Senate bill No. 220.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 220) for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels-of-warand steam
machinery was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for paying for losses .sustained in the
const!action of vessels-of-war and steam ma-
chinery the following sums: lo Larrabee &
Allen, upon the Iosco, $11,70S 0/ ; to G. W.
Lawrence, upon the Agawarn and the Pon-
toosuc, $17,221 54; to Curtis &_ Tilden, upon
the Massasoit and Osceola, $8,200 7^; to Paul
Curtis, upon the Chicopee, §4.128 30; to A.
& G. S. Sampson, upon the Mattabesett, $-1,-
015 38; lo 'Jhomas Stack & Co., upon the
Mctacomet, $10,351 3(i; to J. Simonson, upon
the Chenango, $10,1 H SI; to E. Luptoii, upon
the Lenapee, $18,570 52; to F. Z. 'tucker,
upon the Mendota, $1-1,-173 8-1; to 1). S. Mer-
slion, upon the Mmgoe, $11,500; to C. H.
k W. M. Cramp, upon the Wyahising, $3,-
831 1)3; to J. J. Abrahams, upon the Eutaw,
$12,570; lo Iliilman &. Streaker, on the Pon-
tine J $5,041 22; to the Globe Works, of South
Boston, Massachusetts, upon the1 machinery of
the Iosco and Massasoit, O.oj7 00; to the
Poilland Locomotive Woiks. upon the^Aga-
wain and Ponloosuc machinery, $80,807 40 ;
to the Allaire Works, upon the Mattabesett and
Shamrock machinery, $50,280 13 ; to the Nep-
lune iron Works, upon the Chicopee and 1 alla-
poosa machinery, rf-10.003 01; to George \V.
Quintard, proprietor of the Morgan Iron \Y oiks
of New York, upon the machinery of the Ascut,-
ney and Chenango, $51,002 07; to James
Murphy & Co., proprietors of the Fulton Iron
WorksJ on the machinery of the Otsego, $22,-
386 01 ; lo the South Brooklyn Steam Engine
Works, upon the machinery of the Metacomct
and Mendota, $01,235 50; to the Washington
■Works, upon'the machinery of the Leuapee,
$20,101 21; to Pusey, .lones & Co., upon the
machinery of the Mingoe and \\ yalusing, bll,-
(>~'l 75: to Neafiei! Levy, upon tin machinery
of the Pontine, $22,434 50; to Poole & Hunt,
