1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2843
large numbers of expensive prosecutions have j
bean instituted by informers upon speculation,
these suits being for the inadvertent omission I
of a two-cent stamp, or even some of them
where there was no omission at all. Hundreds
of the best citizens have been sued, in cases
within my knowledge, in one day and in one
court and for a two-cent omission, or alleged
omission. The first notice these citizens had
of their suits was the visit of the United States
marshals to them with a writ; and they were
compalled either to litigate with the United
States' at an expense, even where the defense
succeeded, greater than the fine, or else they
pay all the costs. Theee suits may be thus
resorted to on speculation, and to put fees into
the pockets of officers, and in flagrant violation
of the rights of the best citizens. Why not
give them an op'portunity to pay all the Govern-
ment demands before they are sued ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentleman
whether it would not answer his purpose to let
this apply to cases where there have been
omissions to affix stamps. It seems to me the
amendment would work detrimentally to the
Government. There may be cases where it
may be necessary before notice to seize the
property.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In order to cover
that I make the prosecutor the judge of the
necessity. There can be no danger in permit-
ting the man to have the discretion to whom
is confided the charge of the interests of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I fear that the
prosecutor would be construed strictly to mean
the United States district attorney. We have
cases arising in all parts of the district, and
they would be subject to the delay of hunting
up the district attornev.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I shall be glad to
accept any suggestion from the gentleman from
Iowa. I used the word "prosecutor'' because
it occurred to my own mind.
Mr. MORRILL. As the amendment is of-
fered I am entirely opposed to it, and I hope
it will not be adopted. It applies to all sorts
of fraud that may be committed under this bill.
The gentleman strikes at the officers in whom
he has no confidence. If they are guilty ofwhat
he suspects, they ought to be summarily dis-
missed, and' yet he proposes to intrust tliese
same officers with the discretion as to whether
they shall commence suit without notice or not.
Helirsl provides these officers who get up these
prosecutions to put money into tlieir pockets,
shall give notice to the parties, and then he
provides that they may do just as they arc mind
to about it. He also provides that the party
shall first have an opportunity to pay his lia-
bility and penalty. The party must have had
an opportunity to pay his liability, and it he only
had paid it, he would be subject to no penalty.
If the gentleman would apply it to stamps I think
it would be far less objectionable. As it is now
I am decidedly opposed to it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make a
suggestion. In the first place, let me say there
is nothing in my amendment directed against
or which can apply against the fidelity of any
officer. I do not understand what the gentle-
man means by that.
Mr. ALLISON. We have provided in an-
other part of this bill that no prosecution shall
be commenced for fraud except on the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
These subordinate officers are not permitted to
commence suit without the assent of the Com-
missioner.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Hoiv broad is
that?
Mr. ALLISON. It applies to all prosecu-
tions.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In order that I
may look at that provision and have an oppor-
tunity to consult with the Committee of Ways
and Means, I withdraw my amendment for the
present.
Mr. THAYER. In order to correct an in-
congruity in the bill as it now stands, I desire
to move an amendment in reference to these
inspectors. I think some distinction should
be made between the punishment of officers of
the Government who may conspire to commit
fraud against the Government and the punish-
ment of others. They should have the dis-
tinction of having more punishment than any
others. I will ask the Clerk to read the amend-
ment which I propose to add to section forty-
six.
The Clerk read as follows:
And a.ny inspector, assistant inspector, or officer
temporarily m charge of any distillery, under this
act, who shall conspire with the proprietor of any
distillery, or with any other person or persons, to
defraud the United States of the revenue or tax
arising from distilled spirits, or any part thereof, or
who shall, with intent to defraud the United States
of <-ueh revenue or tax, place any false or fraudulent
mark upon any cask or package, or make any false
or fraudulent entry, certificate, or rgturn, shall be
deemed guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof
shall be imprisoned not loss than two nor more than
five years, at the discretion of the court.
Mr. THAYER. It will be observed that this
covers all cases of fraud on the part of the
inspector; and it will be necessary, in order to
make the amendment complete, that the amend-
ment which was adopted last evening should
be stricken out.
Mr. CONKLING. I oppose the amendment
pro forma—I have nothing to say against it in
fact—for the purpose of making a statement
in behalf of my colleague [Mr. \Vinfield] as a
member of the C ^mmittee of Ways and Means.
He and his district are interested very much in
section thirty-eight, which has been passed
over, inasmuch as there are in his vicinity a
large number of small distillers engaged in the
business exclusively of manufacturing whisky,
or apple-jack, whichever it maybe called, from
apptes. He is now and has been for several
clays confined to his bed by illness, and there-
fore has been disappointed in his desire to con-
tinue in the House an effort which he made
very zealously in the Committee of Ways and
Means to have these small distilleries exempted
from the regulations in reference to bonded
warehouses and inspectors. It is idle of course,
even if we were so disposed, to attempt at this
stage of the bill to get a vote favorably upon
his proposition, but I deem it due to my col-
league to state to the House that having been
very zealous, and indeed I might say somewhat
pertinacious, in the committee, to get an ex-
emption in favor of these small distilleries,
he has been prevented by illness from coming
here and making the effort which he no doubt
would have made sufficiently pointed, and for
which he would have assigned sufficient reason
to have given it very great strength in the
House even if he had not been able to make it
successful.
The amendment offered by Mr. Thayer was
agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. My amendment being
adopted, it is necessary to amend on page 167
by striking out all after the"word "provided"
in line thirty-six down to and including the
word "court" in line forty, as follows:
And any inspector who shall knowingly put upon
any such cask or package any false or fraudulent
marks shall, on conviction, be imprisoned one year,
and be liable to a fine ot $500, m the disci etion of
the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUIIAR. I wish to make an
amendment on page 171, section forty-four.
Mr. MORRILL. I must object, bccause I
desire to get through the bill.
Mr. FARQUIIAR. I have been watching
here for hours to get this amendment in. I do
not know how the Clerk could get so far along.
If I cannot go back to offer it I shall have to
offer it as an independent section.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do that.
Mr. MORRILL. We will hear it read.
Mr. FARQUIIAR. I suppose the chairman
of the committee will object to it, but I think
the House will not. I propose to add at the
end of section forty-four the following:
And in all cases arising rmder the act of which this
is amendatory, the commissions allowed on the arti-
cles manufactured shall inure to the benefit of the
officers authorized by said acts in the inspection dis-
tricts where said articles are manufactured, under
such regulations as may be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Interna] Revenue, by direction ot the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL. We liave already passed
that section and made a provision on that sub-
iect- _
I want to try the sense
We have already acted
Mr. FARQUIIAR.
of the House upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD.
upon the section.
Mr* FARQUIIAR. Then I ask consent
to offer another amendment if the House has
acted injudiciously or without consideration.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman has of
course aright to offer an independent section.
I must object to going back.
Mr. FARQUIIAR. The gentleman might
indulge me as he has other gentlemen.
The Clerk read as follows :
Skc. 47. And be it further enacted, That any person
owning any distilled spirits intended lor sale, manu-
factured prior to the time when this act takes eiiect,
exceeding iifty gallons altogether, shall notify in
writing the collector of the district wherein such
spirits may be stored, held, or owned, within sixty
days thereafter, to gauge and prove the same; and
upon the receipt of said notice the collector shall
cause said spirits to be gauged and proved, and the
casks or packages containing the same to be marked
by the inspector in the following manner: 
Manufactured prior to 18G—.   Fnspeetor
 District. Inspected ,186—. And no spirits
so manulactured, held, or owned, shall be gauged,
proved, or marked m any cistern or other stationary
vessel, but shall be gauged, proved, and marked only
in barrels, casks, or packages in which the same shall
have been placed; and the quantity held in ieach-
tubs shall be estimated by the inspector, and, when
drawn off into packages, shall be gauged and marked
as herein provided. Upon the receipt of the return
the collector shall immediately forward to the Com-
missioner of Internal Kevenueacopy thereof: and
any person holding or owning such spirits, and re-
fusing or neglecting to notify the collector, as in this
section provided, shall forfeit the same and pay the
sum of ^500, to be collected in the manner provided
by law for the collection of other penalties. JNo dis-
tilled spirits on which the tax. has been paid shall be
stored or allowed to remain on any distillery prem-
ises, under tiie penalty ot a forfeiture of all spirits so
found.
Mr. O'NEILL. I offer the^ following, to
come in at the end of the section:
Provided, That wherever, under the provisions of
this act, an inspection may be made by any officer
authorized by law, that said officer shall Rive to the
party whose premises he may have inspected a cer-
tificate of the fact of the inspection liavinft been
made, the time of the day at which it was mado, with
a statement thereon that the provisions of the tax
laws have been fully complied with or violated, as
the case may be.
I desire to say a word before the vote is
taken. I have endeavored to get this amend-
ment adopted in some shape several times. In
the first place I offered an amendment ivhich,
upon reflection, did not meet the case, as was
said by the chairman of the committee. I then
offered it in another form, which came nearer
to what I desired to accomplish. ICow, it is a
positive fact that all distillers and brewers are
subjected to frequent visitation by the inspect-
ors of revenue, and what I desire is this: that
wherever the inspector has made an inspection
a certificate of the same shall be given to the
distiller or brewer. He is entitled to it. The
inspectors come upon his premises and put
him to the trouble of showing his books and
exhibiting the number of barrels of whisky or
of beer. Everything is shown to the officer,
and then in an hour afterward, perhaps, an-
other inspector comes along and demands the
same thing. I think the law should require
each of the inspectors to give a certificate that
an inspection has been made, stating the time
of day at which it was made, so that when a
subsequent inspector comes he will be able to
judge whether it is necessary for him to make
an inspection.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman manifests
so much perseverance in the face of so many
adverse decisions that I am astonished. But
to show the utter want of necessity for the
provision I will state that we have but one in-
spectorin a district. I trust the committee will
preserve the symmetry of its record and vote
the amendment down now, as it has done in
all previous cases.
The amendment was not agreed to.
