THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
consideration at all the point that, this case pre-
sents here ; whether they were not deciding that
the law of Michigan was unconstitutional so far
as tlieir State officers were concerned ; leaving
the construction to be given to the Constitution
of the United States, that provides thatthe State
Legislatures shall prescribe the place of holding
elections for .Representatives in Congress, en-
tirely untouched by their decision?
Mr. MARSHALL. As a matter of course
this case was not before the supreme court of
Michigan. It was another and a different case,
and of course they could not have decided, and
they have no right to decide, the case now be-
fore this House.
■ Mr. SCOFIELD-. That is not the question
I put. I asked the gentleman whether the
supreme court of Michigan had that point of
constitutional law which rules this case under
consideration at all.
Mr. MARSHALL. So far as concerns the
construction of (he clause of (he Federal Con-
stitution which is now to be considered by (his
House, as a matter of course that question was
not before them ; that question was not raised.
. There are two points in this case. The first
is, was the act of the Legislature of Michigan
in harmony with the constitution of the State of
Michigan? If it was, then there is an end of
the question. If it was not, then as a matter
of course the act was void as far as it hud ref-
erence to any officer elected by virtue of the
constitution and iaws ol the State of Michigan.
But there is, as the gentleman suggests, an-
other question to be considered in this case. It
is said that the LegislatureoftheStateof Michi-
gan, so far as this question was concerned, had
ft power independent of and above the consti-
tution of the Mare, and this power is based upon
a clause of the Federal Constitution which has
already been icad, but to which I will call the
attention of the House for a short time. Sec-
tion four of article one of the Cons(itution of
the United States, says:
"The i im"S, places, and manner of holdingelections
for Senators and Representatives shall be presenbed
in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the C
may at any time by law make or alter such
regulations, except aa to the places of choosing Sen-
ators."
Now, the answer to that argument I have
stated briefly in the report of the minority of
the committee, and [ do not intend at this time
to go into it at, any length. That answer is at
least satisfactory to my own mind, however fal-
lacious it may be deemed by other gentlemen.
The object of the Convention which framed the
Federal Constitution was not to determine what
branch of the State government, or what par-
ticular body in a State, should determine the
times, places, and manner of holding elections
for members of Congress, or for any other offi-
cers. The question arose whether it was not
necessary to reserve to the Federal Goieni-
inent the power of fixing the times, places, ami
manner of holding elections for Representatives
and Senatois in Congress. It was suggested
with great force that if the Federal Government
did not reserve to itself this power, a majority
of the Stales might become refractory, and by
the simple act. of refusing to el eet Senators and
members of Congress, destroy the Federal Gov-
ernment ; because there being no Legislature,
there not being a quorum of either branch of
the national Legislature, the functions of the
Federal Government would cease, and it would
he destroyed by the meie non-action of the
States, and there would be no remedy. They
therefore said. It is necessary to reserve to the
Federal Governmentthepowertofixor]>re,-.cribe
the times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions : but we will leave this to the States in the
first place if they will exercise it: but if they fail
to exercise it, then the power must be reserved to
Congress, so that the functions of the Federal
Government shall not cease to operate." 'Hie
idea, ami the onlv idea in the mind of the fram-
ers of the Federal Constitution was this: " Let
as reserve this power to the Federal Govern-
aient as an alienor power to be exerci-ed tor
its preservation ; bat let us leave the exercise
of the power in the first place to the States."
And, in expressing this power to be exerted on
the part of a State, they used the term "the
Legislature."
Now, the question arises very properly, what
is meant by that term, "the Legislature?'' I
know, Mr. Speaker, that there is room for ar-
gument upon this point; but what is a " Legis-
lature?" The body which usually enacts laws
in my State is not legally and constitutionally
called a "Legislature" at all; it is called a
"General Assembly." In Massachusetts, Ibe-
lieve, the body usually enacting the laws is
called a '• General Court:" in some of the New
England States that term is certainly used to
designate the ordinary legislative body. Vari-
ous terms are used in the constitutions of the
various States; and I know of no instance in
which the body usually enacting the laws for a
State is in the constitution eo nomine denom-
inated a '" Legislature.''
What is the meaning of a " Legislature" in
its broadest and proper sense as used in this
clause of the Federal Constitution? It is, as 1
maintain, that body in whose hands is reposed
the legislative powers of a State. What body
is that? It is the people themselves in their
collective capacity—those who are electors of
the State.
Mr. BEAMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether, in the Convention that framed
the Constitution, there was not adisunctprop-
osition made to give the power to elect. Senators
to the people of the State instead of the Legis-
lature, and whether that proposition was not
voted down.
Mr. MARSHALL. That question, sir, does
not affect at all the argument which 1 am mak-
ing; and if the gentleman will listen to me he
will see in a moment that it does not.
1 contend that the people of any State may
provide that an assemblage of the representa-
tives of the people, to be called a ''conven-
tion," shall assemble periodically, say every
second year, that it shall be constituted of but
one body, that the whole legislative power of
the State shall be vested in that body, and
that, under the Federal Constitution, that body
may elect Senators, for it would be the only
Legislature of the Stale, under the other clause,
although it should be called a convention of the
people merely, and nobody should call it a
"Legislature."
The question before the Convention at the
time to which the gentleman refers was simply
whether Senators, members of the other branch
of this Congress, should be elected by the peo-
ple directly or by the Legislatures; but that does
not answer the argument which 1 am making.
1 say that a convention is, in the first place,
the great Legislature of a State ; the conven-
tion which is called for the purpose of framing
the constitution of a Slate—its organic law---
that is the soveieign Legislature. ft is the oniy
Legislature of (he State tuat has sovereign
power. The subordinate body, popularly called
a Legislature, constituted by sueh a convention
in the organic law. is a body that exercises but
the residuum, a moictv of the legislative powers
of a State. The Legislature proper of the State
is the convention of the State, exercising the
only sovereign power in the State, it is called
for the purpose of legislating in regard to the
organic and fundamental principles oi'lho gov-
ernment of the State, and of delegating to an-
other bodv. popularly culled a '• Legislature."
certain subordinate powers which this conven-
tion mav at anv time take away.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. MARSHALL. Of course f will.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the word "Legislature"
in the Constitution of the United Sra es is broad
enough in its meaning to include a constitu-
tional convention of the State, I wish to inquire
of the gentleman whether, in his judgment, such
a convention can exhaust the power which the
Constitution has conferred upon (lie continu-
ing legislative power of the State, '"uppose that
the convention meets, acts upon the question,
and is dissolved forever ; is the power which
the Constitution of the United States confers
upon the Legislature, and which, from its very
nature, is a continuing power, exhausted for-
ever, because the convention that exercised it
once has adjourned?
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
hear me through, I will come to these points
in their regular order. I certainly do hold that
the convention of a State, in adopting the or-
ganic law of the State, may limit the power of
the body popularly called a Legislature" .in
regard to the elective franchise, and in regard
to the times, places, and manner of holding
elections; that this is a power which is dele-
gated to a State, and to the Legislature of a
State, if you see proper to use the term. But
I insist the convention, assembled for the pur-
pose of adopting the organic law of a State, is
the Legislature proper, and that the General
Assembly, the General Court, or Legislative
Council, whatever it may be called, is a creat-
ure of the State constitution. I he Legislature
of a State is restricted in action by the limits
placed upon it by the organic law of a State,
and cannot transcend those limits unless there
is some absolute and necessary conflict between
the oiganic law of a State and the Constitution
of the United States, and there is none in this
case.
I believe I have already made the point that
the term "Legislature" means the law-making
power of a State, which power resides, in the
first place, in the people, the aggregate body
of electors; but in our country it is exercised
usually Ij3' delegates of the people sent to a
State convention, and afterward, in subordi-
nation to the constitution thereby framed, sent
to the legislative body created by them, and
authorized to exercise that residuum of power
delegated to them by the " Legislature'' proper.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 am strengthened in this
position by the lact that the whole people of
this country, from the adoption of the Federal
Constitution down to the pre.-cnt time, have so
understood the powers phtced in the hands of
a State Legislature; and 1 bciiete iu nearly
every State of this Union they have fixed a.id
placed in their State constitutions limitations
upon the powers of the Legislatures in prescrib-
ing the time, place, and manner of holding
elections in the States. And by no judicial
tribunal or legislative body has that pou er been
disputed for one moment until this case arose
before Congress.
1 do not ptoposc an exhaustive discussion of
this question to-day. Indeed, I imagine all I
may say will have no influence whatever upon
the vote of a single member upon this floor;
but as I differ decidedly and emphatically from
the conclusions of the majority of the Commit-
tee of Elections, I feel it to be due to myself
that I shall present briefly the points on which
I differ from them, and the reasons for that
difference.
This is no new question. The people of the
States in the conventions which framed their
organic, laws, ill nearly every one of them,
placed limits upon the legislative bodies, the
creatures of the constitutions, in regaid to this
question. This matter has been before this
House: and it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, if
wc have regard to precedent and consistency
in our own action, that for the sake of the future
and for the sake of the effect this decision may
have on the future, wo ought to abide by the
decisions of the past. This question m regard
to the exercise of the elective franchise by cit-
izens who are beyond the limits of their States,
in the discharge of sacred duty as citizens, is
one growing out of the late unhappy conflict.
It is to be hoped such a question will never
again arise in our country. It is temporary in its
character, but the questions of constitutional
construction are of vast and paramount impor-
tance. not only to the people at this time, but
for all future time. If is important that we
should not mak" precedents which will here-
after come up in judgment again,-t us in regard
to these great constitutional questions. It is,
