2844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert, at the end
of section forty-seven, the following:
And all spirit after beingj-emoved from the original
package ia which it was inspected and gauged into
other package for purpose of rectification, redistil-
lation, or change of proof, shall again be inspected
and gauged anil properly branded, and the absence of
an Inspector's brand shall be taken and held as sulfi-
de 't cause or evidence upon which any spirits so
fon id may be forfeited.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUFIAR. I now move to amend
by adding, at the end of section forty-seven,
the following:
And in all cases arising under this act and the acts
of which this is amendatory the commission allowed
■on the articles manufactured, shall inure to the ben-
efit of the officers authorized by said acts in the re-
spective districts where said articles are manufac-
tured, under such regulations as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, by direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
I now desire to inquire of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] or some member of that committee, in
what particular the bill has been amended so
as to provide for this.
Mr. GARFIELD. In this way: that where
the spirits are produced in one district and
shipped in bond to another district the com-
mission is to be divided equally between the
assessor and collector of the two districts. The
law of 1863 gave it to the assessor of the dis-
trict where it was produced; the next law gave
it to the collector of the district to which it
was shipped. Each party complained of it;
and we have divided it between them.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I offer this amendment
for the purpose of preventing injustice to a
most meritorious class of officers ; that is, the
officers residing in the districts where this arti-
cle is produced. The proposition of the com-
mittee is to divide these commissions between
the officers in the districts where this article is
manufactured and the officers in the districts
where the article is sold.
Now, I say that it is due to the officers in the
districts where this article is manufactured
that they shall have the exclusive commissions
arising from the sale of this article. They have
the exclusive responsibility and labor connected
with this article except the simple responsi-
bility of taking care of the money after it lias
been paid in when the article is sold from the
bonded warehouse. Now, it is unjust that these
officers should be deprived of these commis-
sions. If any payment should be made to the
officers making the sale from the bonded ware-
house, then let it be added; but do not take
these commissions from these officers who have
all the trouble and responsibility. See how
unjust it would be to carry in force the pro-
vision which the committee recommends. Take
the district in which I reside ; it pays one third
of all the revenue derived from the State of
Indiana. And in doing so that revenue is
almost all derived from the manufacture of
high-wines. It is within twenty-five or thirty
miles of Cincinnati, and these high-wines may
be transported to the city of Cincinnati, and
there placed in bond: and when that is done,
as it has sometimes been done, and as it may
become the interest of the manufacturers to
do, the officers of the district in which Cincin-
nati is located reap the benefit of one half the
services of the officers in the district in which
I reside. I say it is manifest injustice to the
officers of my district. The officers in Cincin-
nati do nothing but merely collect the money
which is to be paid before the spirits go out of
bond and are delivered.
Now. I appeal to this House to correct this
injustice. Take the case of the officers in
tny district. If the^e distillers choose to re-
move this spirit in bond to Cincinnati or to
New York, and sell it there, the officers there
will get one half of the commissions for the
services performed in the fourth congressional
district of Indiana. And my argument applies
to other districts in the same way. Now, I say
this is unjust. I think if the House will look
at this matter, when they come to understand
the effect of it to be as I have stated—and I
have represented jt as I understand it—they
will reverse their action, and confine these com-
missions to the officers of the districts where
these spirits are manufactured. But that is not
all of which I complain. In the statistical
tables showing the amounts manufactured in
these districts all the whisky transported in
bond and sold out of the district where it is
manufactured goes to the credit of the district
where it is sold; and the district where it is
manufactured gets no credit in the statistics of
the country for the manufacture of this article.
I say this is unjust, and I hope the House will
correct or reverse its action on this matter.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that Ihe provision
of the law upon which we have already passed
may be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Providedfurther, That in calculating the comfnis-
sions of assessors and collectors of internal revenue
in districts whence cotton or distilled spirits are
shipped in bond to be sold in another district, one
half the amount of tax received on the quantity of
cotton or spirits so shipped shall be added to the
amount on which the commissions of such assessors
and collectors are calculated: and a corresponding
amount shall be deducted from the amount on which
the commissions of the assessors and collectors of the
districts to which such cotton or spirits are shipped
are calculated."
Mr. MORRILL. Upon the first enactment
of these revenue laws the commissions upon
duties from spirits collected in other parts
of the country were allowed to the collectors
in the districts from whence the liquors came.
That was found to be a subject of very great
complaint. The collectors in'other parts of the
country, havingtogive bonds, and having charge
of the money, being required to pay it over,
and being responsible for it as well as looking
after the liquors upon their arrival within their
district—doing, as was contended, much more
than the collectors of the district where the
spirits were manufactured—made such repre-
sentations to Congress that the provision of
the law in that respect was changed. From
that time the law has continued in its present
form, allowing the collectors the commission
upon the spmts in the places where the duties
are collected. But at this session the subject,
has again been reconsidered; and although
the party where the spirits are distilled will
have still less labor under this bill than here-
tofore, the Committee of Ways and Means have
concluded to report a compromise and to di-
vide the sum, allowing each collector one half.
Certainly this is fair. No more ought to be
asked. Itismuch better, also, for the Govern-
ment. Even as the law has existed, ithasbeen
better for the Government, for the reason that
these collectors in large districts to which the
spirits go do not thereby have their compen-
sation increased above the minimum rate.
Therefore, I think the proposition as it now
stands is correct. If the gentleman's amend-
ment, should be adopted, it will bo seen, of
course, that it will create the necessity for going
back and revising what the committee has
already adopted. I trust the amendment will
not be agreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to amend the
amendment so as to provide a salary of $5,000
per year for each collector and assessor. The
distinguished chairman of the committee has
failed to present anything to change my views
in regard to the justice of the proposition which
I have advocated. I desire now to ask the
chairman of the committee whether this high
wine, this whisky, before it is removed from one
district into the other, does not have to go into
bond in the district where it is manufactured.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; and the collect-
ors take the bonds. That is about all they do.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Ay; but the gentle-
man has told us that the collector who disposes
of the liquor has to go through the formality
•and incur the responsibility of taking a bond ;
and that for this reason his duties are so much
more onerous and involve greater liability than
the duties of the collector in the district where
the article is manufactured. Sir, I hold that
all the important and responsible duties are
performed before the liquor is taken from the
i district where it is manufactured. The mere
matter of making the sale amounts io compar-
atively nothing.
It does look to me as though the object of
the proposition, as contained in the bill, were
to build up and foster and pi-oteet the office of
collector in the larger districts, so as to make
these positions offices of magnitude and of
profit, while the smaller collectors in the local
districts are to be stripped down to compara-
tively nothing. It is provided that the col-
lectors, after the pay reaches a certain amount,
shall receive one eighth of one per cent, over
and above the other commissions. There is
no limitation in this respect. The committee
have failed, as I understand, to report anv lim-
itation to the salaries of collectors. The) have
fixed a limit to the salaries of assessors but
they have provided no limit with regard to the
salaries ot collectors. Under the bill, as it
now stands, these wines are permitted to go
from the local districts to the large commer-
cial cities, such as Cincinnati, New York, Bal-
timore, Philadelphia, and in those the collect-
ors reap the fruits of the labors of the men in
the smaller districts, whose salaries are reduced
in some instances to a mere pittance. I desire
that these officers in the smaller districts shall
have such salaries as will secure the services of
qualified and responsible men. By the bill the
salaries of the assessors are limited to So, 000,
but, as I have said, there is no limit with re-
gard to the pay of the collectors. This bill,
with its present provisions, will have the effect
of building up the office and swelling the salary •
of the collectors in the large commercial cities,
while the collectors in the smaller district
receive comparatively small compensation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARQUHAR. I modify my amend-
ment in order to say a word. I do not desire
to weary the patience of the House. I know
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is anxious, as we all are, to get this bill
out of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. He was not particularly court-
eous to me when I endeavored to submit my
amendment, but perhaps I had better not in-
dulge in any retort for that. Now, I think the
chairman has not presented any argument, nor
do I believe any argument can be presented,
to sustain the proposition that it is right to
divide these commissions between the officers
who perform the labor, the officers who have
the responsibility, the officers in whose districts
these high-wines are manufactured, and the
collectors in the large cities in order that you
may swell up their salaries. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not want to consume
time about this matter. The Committee of
Ways and Means thoroughly considered this
subject. They heard all parties. It there is
any injustice it is not against, the places where
the articles are distilled. I have no doubt the
mind of the House is made up. Unless we
have the vote now I shall move that the com-
mittee'rise, for the purpose of closing the debate.
Mr. FARQUHAR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farqu-
har and Garfield were appointed.
The committee was divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 31, noes 70.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
See. 48. And be it further,maetrd, That all boilers,
stills, or other vessels, tools, and implements used in
distilling or rectifying, and forfeited under any of the
provisions of this act, and all condemned material,
together with any engine or other machinery con-
nected therewith, and all ouiply barrels, and all grain
or other material suitable for distillation, shall, under
the direction of the court in which the forfeiture is
recovered, be sold at publieauction, and the proceeds
thereof, after deducting the expenses of sale, shall be
disposed of according to law: and nil fines and for-
feitures incurred or imposed by virtue of this act shall
be sued for and recovered as by law provided, with
costs of suit; and one moiety of the fines, forteituies,
and assessed penalties recovered shall be for the use
ot the United States, and the other moiety thereof to
the uje of the peison or persons, to be ascertained by
the judgment ol the court, who shall be in fact the
cause of any such tine, penalty, or fprteiture being
adjudged or recovered. And all spirits or spirituous
liquors which maybe forfeited under the provisions
. of this a#, unlose herein otherwise provided, shall be
