3804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
salaries and allowances, and in other unnecessary
and wasteful expenditures: Therefore,
Resolved by the House of Icepresentutives, (the ben-
ate concurring,) That a joint select committee be
appointed, to consist of three members of tj e Senate
and five members of the House, to be styled " the
joint select committee on retrenchment;" that said
committee be instructed to inquire into the expendi-
tures in all the branches of the service of the United
States, and to report whether any, and what, offices
ought to be abolished; whether any, and what, sala-
ries or allowances ought to be reduced; what are the
methods of securing accountability in public officers
or agents in the care and disbursement of public
moneys; whether moneys have been paid out ille-
gally; and whether any officers or agents or other
persons have been, or are, engaged in the service
without authority of law or unnecessarily; and gen-
erally, how and to what extent the expenses of the
service of the country may and ought to be curtailed;
and also to consider the expediency of so amending
the laws under which appointments to the civil ser-
vice are now made as to provide for the selection of
subordinate officers after due examination by proper
boards; their continuance in office during specified
times unless dismissed upon charges preferred and
sustained before tribunals designated for that pur-
pose; and for wtthdrawing the civil service from
being used as an instrument of political or party
patronage; that said committee be authorized to sit
during the recess of Congress, to send for persons and
papers, and to report by bill or otherwise; and that
said committee may appoint a clerk for the term of
six months, and no more.
Mr. JOHNSON. Theresolution is so framed,
I suppose, that it is not to be submitted to the
President. I think the language is:
"Resolved by the Uuuseof JRespresentatives, (thoSen-
ate concurring.)"
I ast my friend from Vermont whether he
supposes that that resolution is to be sent to
the President in the ordinary way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable member
from Maryland is much better versed in con-
stitutional law than I am; but if he wishes my
opinion, I will state it frankly, that I do not
think a resolution of this description requires
to be sent to the President of the United States
for his approval; that it is a species of inquiry
which Congress, as the grand inquest ol the
nation, as it is sometimes called, may, just as
well out of session as in session, by its com-
mittees enter into if there be sufficient occa-
sion for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. My honorable friend mis-
understood me. I was not saying it was not
in the power of Congress to institute an inquiry
of this sort without the sanction of the Presi-
dent. I merely asked whether the resolution
was intended to be a resolution of that descrip-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is intended to be a res-
olution of inquiry and investigation of the two
Houses.
Mr. JOHNSON. Merely?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Merely.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
UNIFORM BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. POLAND. I move to take up the bill
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy.
I do not ask to have it taken up for considera-
tion now, but merely to fix a time for its con-
sideration. I trust that it will be assented to
and taken up for that purpose merely.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 598) to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States was
taken up.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the bill be
made the special order for next Monday at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the bill (S.
No. 222) further to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 737) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1867;
and on motion of Mr. Fessenden it was read
twice by its title and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
LEASING OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
351.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 351) to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Interior to lease
such of the public lands of the United States
as are known as saline lands or lands contain-
ing mineral springs, and to provide for the
preservation and development of the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The Secretary read the bill as amended, as
follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That authority is hereby given
to the Secretary of the Interior to lease to responsi-
ble parties such saline land or lands containing min-
eral springs, situated east of tho one hundred and
second meridian of longitude, as in his judgment may
be leased with advantage to the Goverhmentandtho
public: Provided, That no such lease shall be for a
longer period than twenty-five years, subj ect to read-
justment every five years by disinterested referees,
nor at a rate of rental less than tho revenue assessed
from time to time on manufactured salt orincoine tax
upon mineral springs by act of Congress.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall prescribe all necessary rules
andregulationsfortheleasing, preserving, anddevel-
oping said saline lands and mineral springs, and for
the securing and collection of the revenues due to
the Government therefrom: Provided, That such
rules and regulations may be subject to revision by
Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator who has charge of
this bill what is meant by the words on the last
line of the first page, "income tax upon_min-
eral springs by act of Congress.'' What is the
present "tax on mineral springs by act of Con-
gress?"
Mr. HARRIS. I am not able'to state what
the income tax charged on mineral springs by
act of Congress is.
Mr. CONNESS. My impression is that
there is no such tax.
Mr. POMEROY. Mineral waters are taxed
so much per bottle. I understand that when
they are put up in bottles and made merchan-
dise of they are taxed.
Mr. CONNESS. When this bill was called
up the other day I submitted a few remarks
in opposition to it. I regard it as one of the
most mischievous acts that could possibly be
put upon our statutes. I say so with great
respect to the honorable Senator who has it in
charge and to the committee who have reported
it. It is the introduction of a policy that in
my opinion never ought to prevail in this Re-
public. It is founded, in the first place, upon
the monarchical idea and policy that all that
is valuable in lands, particularly in the way of
minerals, either the precious metals or other-
wise, belongs to the sovereign and not to the
subject. In other words, that whatever is val-
uable should be taxed as high as possible to the
subject. Our system is not the one to attach,
particularly by statutory enactment, this prin-
ciple to, in my judgment. I do not know any-
thing that is of sufficient value, either above
the earth or in the earth or under the earth,
not to bo worthy of possession by an American
citizen. With us we not only own the land
but we own the Government, too. We own the
sovereignty; the sovereignty does not own us;
we are the sovereigns in the aggregate; and
so we propose to provide for leasing to our-
selves a thing because it has value. Why should
not the ownership of that thing pass into the
hands of the citizen? Is there anybody in the
world, is there any power on earth which can
find the value or develop the value of a thing
faster and more certainly than its owner, and
can there be any ownership of a higher charac-
ter than that of th^American citizen ?
The whole system seems to me to be wrong.
You are going to institute in one of your De-
partments a power to loase and let a part of
the public property to your own citizens, and
no such lease, the bill provides, shall be for a
longer period than twenty-live years, and then
during the twenty-five years the lease is to be
subject to readjustment every five years, by
"disinterested referees." The Interior De-
partment or the Land Office is to appoint ref-
erees every five years. Where shall they go ?
Shall they act in regard to a piece of property
that they know nothing about except as they
get information from the Land Office, that in-
formation coming through a bureau that per-
haps knows nothing whatever about it? The
readjustment is to determine the rental to be
charged.
It appears to me tp be a very small business
for this Government to engage in. It is espe-
cially provided, it will be observed, that this bill
shall not apply to the section of the country
from which I come. W'e are not to be made
tenants, and, for one, I am very much obliged
to the committee for releasing us from such a
vassalage; but why shall we be released from
this vassalage and the people east of the Rocky
mountains subjected to it? I do not under-
stand it.
As I said, when up the other day, this is one
of a class or measures originating in the Land
Office, in my opinion not creditable to the
Land Office, not founded in good policy, not
consistent with our system or scheme of gov-
ernment.
Sir, it is hard to be called upon to discuss a
measure of this kind when the thermometer
stands as high as it does this morning in the
Senate Chamber; but I feel as though my duty
would be ill performed if such a measure should
be allowed to pass without calling public atten-
tion to it. If the saline lands and the mineral
springs belonging to the Government are to be
leased, why not lease the gold and silver mines ?
They are of infinitely greater value ; they at-
tract the attention of mankind to a greater
extent and concentrate the effort of man and
the capital that man can bring to the develop-
ment of natnral resources to a greater extent
than these more ordinary classes of property.
But it is not in our time proposed to make
tenants of the people who mine for gold or
silver or copper or lead or iron or coal. There
is indeed upon our statutes an act passed re-
cently which proposes to sell coal lands, or
lands suspected of containing coal, at a very
high rate—a rate that they are not worth ; and
the way it acts is that it prevents operations
in coal mining. No man can mine upon coal
lands, or lands suspected to contain coal, upon
the public domain, without paying twenty dol-
lars per acre for the land, while he may go into
Pennsylvania, into Illinois, into New Jersey,
and other States of the Union and buy the best
coal lands for from $2 50 to five dollars an
acre, containing real coal mines of valuable
coal. There is no act now that calls so much
for repeal as the so-called coal-land act. Occa-
sionally we see a little paragraph in the papers
stating that the Treasury has received a certain
amount of money from the sale of coal lands.
It is an absolute robbery in every case. That
is what it is. We by statute propose that
certain persons who fancy there is coal in a
particular place shall not try t  obtain it until
they have paid an amount for the land which it
is in no manner worth.
The second section of this bill provides that
"the Secretary of the Interior shall prescribe
all necessary rules and regulations for the leas-
ing, preserving, and developing said saline lands
and mineral springs, and for the securing and
collection of the rental revenues due the Gov-
ernment therefrom ; provided, that such rules
and regulations may be subject to revision by
Congress."
You are to have a code of rules adopted in
the Interior Department, and Congress is to
have the privilege of revising them ; and those
rules are for the leasing and the preserving of
mineral springs. I suppose the rules will be
in the nature of ordinances which shall inflict
fines and punishment if anybody fills a bottle
•of mineral water from mineral springs without
