1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2645
disposed of by the Commissioner &f Internal Revenue
as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct. The
term person," as used in this act, shall be held to
include persons, firm, body-corporate, company, or
association.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out from
the word "suit," in lino twelve, down to and
including the word "recovered," in line sev-
enteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move the following amend-
ment:^
.That in all ca=es of seizure and suit trader the pro-
visions of tins act and the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on tho public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30,1864, or any supplement
or supplements thereto, a sale shall be ordered by the
proper nuthoiity, the United States marshal of the
district in which such sale shall bo ordered shall be
authorized to employ nn auctioneer and to pay him
out ot the proceeds of such sale a commission not
exceeding- two and one half per cent, on the gros3
amount of such proceeds.
Mr. Chairman, this was offered some two or
three days ago, but was reserved, and I hope it
will now be adopted. In many courts the judges
allow these commissions. They allow them in
Massachusetts, Maryland, and New York, as
well as in other States. A regular, skilled auc-
tioneer will get much better prices for goods
that have been seized and sold.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. I think he is mistaken in the fact of
that percentage being allowed in Massachusetts.
Mr. STEVEN'S. What does the marshal
get now?
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not know whether ho
gets anything under the provisions of the pres-
ent law. _ I know that the marshal of the east-
ern district of Pennsylvania has not received
pay even for watching the goods after they
were seized.
Mr. STEVENS. Does he not get his fees
as in other cases?
Mr. O'NEILL. I understand not. I have
asked for this information at the office of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and have
not been satisfied. I propose that there shall
be a specific law on the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I think he should get his
fees.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has expired.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to strike out tho
last word of the amendment in order to finish
what I have to say on the subject. I under-
stand that the officers engaged in the district
and circuit courts in proceedings instituted by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue get noth-
ing for their services. Goods are seized by the
marshals and are held and carefully watched,
and then they are delivered upon settlement
here at the Internal Revenue Bureau, so that
the marshal does not get a cent of compensa-
tion. This is the case to such an extent that
the office of marshal for the eastern district of
Pennsylvania is almost worthless. I offered a
bill some weeks ago for the purpose of increasing
the general fees of the marshals, which I hope
will soon be reported to the House and adopted.
This business of the revenue department is
thrust upon this officer; he is responsible and
his sureties are responsible, and yet he fre-
quently does not get compensation for his ser-
vices, depending entirely in all cases upon the
allowance of the judge of the court.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to accommo-
date my friend from the Philadelphia district,
but I understand that in his district there is no
difficulty in securing the services of a marshal
who will be content to receive the very large
fees now allowed by the fee bill to marshals.
Mr. O'NEILL. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman for a moment. It is no rule by which
to judge an officer that he seema to think he
does not get sufficient compensation. My idea
is, that we should at least, while we have a
competent official, provide him with a fair and
just payment for the performance of his duties.
Mr. ALLISON. If this property is sold
under an order or judgment of the court the
marshal receives the same fess that he receives
in all other eases, and there is no reason why
he should receive special compensation in this
class of cases more than in any others. If the
property is sold under proceedings in the na-
ture of distraint, the collector is allowed five
per cent, for the purpose of covering those
expenses. The extra compensation now asked
for is not allowed in any other case, and I do
not see why it should be allowed in any case to
the marshal of the circuit or district court of
the United Slates. I do not know what the
rule may be in particular districts, but I under-
take to say that if the judge in any district
allows the_ marshals to charge the Government
of the_ United States two and a half per cent,
commission for these sales he does what he
ought not to do. I think, therefore, that in-
stead of adopting this amendment we ought to
correct the law in relation to the judges who
allow these fees.
Mr. O'NEILL. My friend from Iowa mis-
takes, I fear, my proposition. He seems to
think the Government must pay this commis-
sion. This is not so. It is to be paid ont of
the results of the sale, not to the marshal, but
to the auctioneer.
CLOSE or DEB ATM.
_ Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of tho House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on tho public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph of the spe-
cial order terminate in one second after the
committee shall resume the consideration of
the subject.
The motion was agreed to,
TAX BILL AGAIX.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of tho Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the j
Government, to pay interest on the public debt, \
and for other purposes," approved June 130,1864,
and acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw my amendment '
to the amendment, j
The question recurred upon Mr. O'Neill's i
originalameudment, andbeingput, the amend- i
rnent was disagreed to.
_ Mr. SITBLLABARGER. On page 17o, in |
line eleven, I move to insert after the word ;
"shall" the words "after demand of payment j
first made upon the party liable, his agent, or j
attorney;" so that the clause will read: :
That all boilers, stills, or other vessels, tools, and ;
implements used in distilling or rectifying, andfji- i
feited under any of the provisions of this aet, and all
condemned material, together with any ene-inn, or [
other machinery connected therewith, and nil empty ;
barrels, and all grain or other material suitable for i
distillation, shall, under the direction of tho court in j
which the forfeiture is recovered, be sold at public .
auction, and the proceeds thereof, after deducting
the expenses of sale, shall be disposed of according ;
to law: and all fines and forfeitures incurred or lm- jj
posed by virtue of this a'ct shall, after demand of pay- |i
mentfust made upon the party liable, his agent, or
attorney, bo sued for and recovered as by law pro- i:
vided, with costs of suit. &e. ''
Mr. ALLISON. I think that the provision !j
we have inserted in section forty-one accom- '!
plishes all that is necessary. :!
Mr. SHELLA"B4lRGER. I withdraw my
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 49. Andbe it further enacted. That every brewer
shall file with the assessor of the assessment district
in which he shall design to carry on his business a
notice in writing, statin? therein the name of the
person, company, corporation, or firm, and the names
of tho members of any company or firm making such
application, together with tho place or places of res-
idence of such person or persons, and a description
of the premises on which the brewery is situated, and
of his or their title thereto, and the name or names
of tlie_ owner or owners thereof: and also the whole
quantity of malt liquors annually made and sold at
the brewery for two years last preceding the date of
such application.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend that
section by inserting in line two, before tho
word "assessor," the word "assistant;" so-
that it will read, "that every brewer shall file
with the assistant assessor," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line five I move to
insert before the word, "company" the -word
usuch/'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line six I move to
insert after the word "'firm" the wm'tk ''mak-
ing such application."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line twelve I move to
strike out the words "such application" and
to insert in lieu thereof the words "ftling such
notice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows ;
Skc.50. Andbeit further enac,ted, That every brewer
shall execute a bond to tho United States, to be op-
proved by the collector of the district, in a sum equal
to twice the amount of tax which in the opinion of
the assessor said brewer will be liable to pay dui ingr
any one month, which bond shall be renewed on tho
1st day of May in caeh year, and shall be conditioned
that he will pay, or cause to be paid, as herein pio-
, vided, the tax i equired by lawon all beer,lager beer,
: ale. porter, find other fermented liquors aforesaid
| made by linn, or for him, beiorethosa neissoUorro~
1 moved for consumption or sale, cxeeptaa hereinaiter
J provided; and flint he will keep, or cause to be kept
a book in the manner and for the purposes hereinafter
specified, and which shall bo open to inspection by
tho proper officers as by law required, and that he
will in all respects faithfully comply without ~.aud
or evasion with all requirements-of law relating to
the manufacture and sale of any malt liquors before
mentioned: Provided, That no brewer shall be re-
quired to pay a special tax as a wholesale dealer by
reason of selling at wholesale, at a place other than
his brewery, malt liquors manufactured by him.
Sec. 51. And be it furtJter enacted, That there shall
he paid on all beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and other
similar fermented liquors, by whatever name *>ueh
liquors may be called, a tax of one dollar tor every
barrel containing not more than thirty-one gallons?
and at a like rate tor any other quantity or tor any
fractional part of a barrel which shall be brewed or
manufactured and sold, or removed for consumption
or sale, within the United States; which tax shall be
paid by the owner, agent, or supeiintendent of the
brewery or premises in which such fermented liquors
shall be made, in the manner and at the time here-
inafter specified: Provided, That fractional parts of
a barrel shall be halves,quarters,sixths,and eighths;
and any fractional part of a barrel containing less
than one eishth shall beaccounted one eighth: more
than one eighth and not more than one sixtlusball
be accounted one sixth; morothan one sixth and not
more ttian one quarter.shall be accounted one quar-
ter; more than one quarter and not more than on©
halt, shall he accounted one half; more than ono
half and not more than one barrel, shall be accounted
one barrel; and more than one barrel and not more
than sixty-three gallons, shall be accounted two bar-
rels, or a hogshead.
Sec. 52. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son owning or occupying any brewery or premises
used, or intended to be used, for the purpose of brew-
ing or making such fermented liquors, or who shall
have such premises under his control or superintend-
ence as agent for theowneroroccupant, orshallhavo
in his possession or custody any brewing materials,
utensils, or apparatus used or intended to be used
on said premises in the manufacture of beer, lager
beer, ale. porter, or other similar fermented liquors,
either a3 owner, agent, or superintendent, bhall. from
day to dav, enter or cause to be entered, in a book to
be kept by him for that purpose, the kind of such
fermented liquors, (be des<ri^ion of packages, and
number of barrels and fractional parts of barrels of
fermented liquors made, and also the quantity sold
or removed tor consumption or sale, and shall also
from day to day enter or cause to be entered, in a
separate book to be kept by him for that purpose, an
account of all material by him purchased for tho
purpose of producing such ferment ed liquors, 11.elud-
ing grain and malt: and shall render to said assessor
or assistant assessor, on the 1st day of each month,
or within ten days thereafter, a true statement in
writing, taken flora his books, of the whole quantity
or number of barrels and fractional parts of barrels of
fermented liQuors brewed and sola, qy removed fd?
