1866.]
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
4i0§-
Laws of the United States.
39th Gong.... 1st Sess,
utah territory.
From Logan to Dextgn.
Prom Huntsville to Bennington.
From Logan to Oxford.
From Nephi to Saint George, via Severe
Valley and Fort Gunnison,
kansas.
From Paoli, via Miami, Madora, to Bloom-
ing Grove.
From Humboldt, via Coonville, Lightning
Creek Valley, Chetopah, Cabin Creek, Al-
burdes,-to Fort Gibson.
From Ottawa to Mound City.
From Cottonwood Falls to LineolnvilLe.
From Wathena, via Columbus, to Iowa City
Point.
nevada.
From West Gate to lone.
From Austin to Unionvillei
From Austin, via Pahranagat and Callville,
to Fort Mojave.
new jersey.
From Woodmansee to Mannahawkin.
nebraska territory.
From, Dakota City to Yancton, in Dakota
Territory.
From Plattsmouth to Columbus,
From Ponca to Fremont.
From Saint John's, Iowa, via De Soto and
Fontanelle, Nebraska, to Buchanan, Nebraska.
From Brownsville to Table Bock, Nebraska.
From Brownsville to Grant, Nebraska.
From Fremont, via Jalappa, Saint Charles,
Greenwood, West Point, and Bock Creek, to
South Fork of Elk Horn.
idaho territory.
From Idaho City to Rocky Bar.
From Ruby City, viaPuebla Valley, to Chico,
in California.
From Buby City to Jacksonville, in Oregon.
From Placerville, via Warren's Diggings, to
Florence.
From Boise City, via Old Fort Boise, to Clan-
yon City, in Oregon.
From Idaho City to Silver City.
montana territory.
From Helena to Wallula.
From Wallula to Seattle.
From Kalmiehe to Elma.
From Jefferson's Crossing, via Silver Prow
City and Deer Lodge City, to Blackfoot.
From Helena to Diamond City.
From Helena, via Blackfoot, to Hell Gate.
From Virginia City, via Sterling and Garfield,
to Gallatin City.
From Gallatin City to Boreman.
From Helena, via Dearborn and Sun River
Farm, to Fort Benton.
From Diamond City to Fort Benton.
From Junction, via on Salt Lake Road, via
Cut Off, to Virginia City.
From Hell Gate to Flat Head.
From Virginia City to Fort Sully, inDakota
Territory.
From Helena, via Fort Laramie and Fort
Reno, to New Fort Kearney, in Nebraska
Territory.
From Helena to Blackfoot City.
From Bannock City, via German Gulch, to
French Gulch.
From Bannock City to Montana City, on
Rattlesnake Creek.
From Virginia City, via Silver Bow, Deer
Lodge City, and Hell Gate, to Fort Owens, 111
Bitter Root Valley.
dakota territory.
From Panca Agency to Chateau.
From Fort Sully to Virginia City, in Montana
Territory.
indian territory.
From Fort Gibson, via Creek Agency, to
Seminole Agency.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. CCLXVIII.—An Act in Relation to the
Appointment of Clerks to the Courts of
Washington Territory.
Be it enacted by the-Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States cf America in
Congress assembled, That each judge of the
district court shall appoint a clerk for each
court in his district, who shall reside and keep
his office at the place of' holding said court,
and exercise the powers now provided by law
for the clerk of the supreme eourt of the Ter-
ritory of Washington, "and be subject to all
provisions of law, not inconsistent with this
act, applicable to the- clerk of said1 supreme
court.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. CCLXI5.—An Act to provide for and
to regulate the Weighing of Exports, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That upon all weighable
articles hereafter exported, upon which a draw-
back or return duty is allowed, and upon all
weighable good's withdrawn from bonded ware-
houses for export, there shall be levied and
collected, by the collectors of the several ports,
three cents per hundred pounds, to be deter-
mined by the returns of the weighers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
office of measurer at the port of New York is
hereby abolished, and the duties heretofore
performed by them shall be performed by the
weighers.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
weighers at the port of New York shall reccive,
from and after the passage of this act, an an-
nual salary of twenty-five hundred dollars:
Provided, That the increase of compensation,
over and above the present salary of said offi-
cers, shall not exceed, in any fiscal year, the
amount of fees earned by them.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. CCLXX. —An Act granting Lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the Construction
of a southern Branch of the Union Pacific
Railway and Telegraph, from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That for the purpose of
aiding the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
southern branch, the same being a corporation
organized under the laws of the State of Kan-
sas to construct and operate a railroad from
Fort Riley, Kansas, or near said military res-
ervation, thence down the valley of the Neo-
sho river to the southern line of the State of
Kansas, with a view to an extension of the
same through a portion of the Indian Terri-
tory to Fort Smith, Arkansas, there is hereby
granted to the State of Kansas, for the use and
benefit of said railroad company every alter-
nate section of land or parts thereof designated
by odd numbers, to the extent of five alternate
sections per mile on each side of said road and
not exceeding in all ten sections per mile; but
in case it shall appear that the United States
have, when the line of said road is definitely
located, sold any section, or any part thereof,
granted as aforesaid, or that the right of pre-
emption or homestead settlement has attached
to the same, or that the same has been re-
served by the United States for any purpose
whatever, then it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause to be selected
for the purposes aforesaid, from the public
lands of the United States nearest to the sec-
tions above specified, so much laud as shall be
equal to the amount of such lands as the Uni-
ted States have sold, reserved, or otherwise
appropriated, or to which the right of home-
stead settlement or preemption has attached
as aforesaidj which, lands, thus indicated by
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
shall be reserved and held for the State of Kan-
sas for the use of said company by the said Sec-
retary for the purpose of the construction and
operation of said railroad, as provided by this
act.: Provided, That any and all lands hereto- .
fore reserved, to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by com-
petent authority, for the purpose of aiding in
any. object of internal improvement or other
purpose whatever, be, ajjd the same are hereby,
reserved and excepted from the operation of
this act, except so far as it may be found ne-
cessary to locate the route of said road through
such reserved lands, in which ease the right
of way, two hundred feet in width, is hereby
granted, subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States: And provided fur-
ther, That said lands hereby granted shall not
be selected beyond twenty miles from the line
of said road.
•Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
sections and parts of sections of land which by
the aforesaid grant shall remain in the United
States, within ten miles on cach side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the
minimum price of public lands when sold:
Provided, That actual bona fide settlers under
the preemption laws of the United States may,
after due proof of settlement, improvement,
and occupation, as now provided by law, pur-
chase the same at the price fixed for said lands
at the date of such settlement, improvement,
and occupation: Provided, also, That settlers
under provisions of the homestead act, who
make their settlement after the passage of this
act and comply with the terms and require-
ments of said act, shall be entitled, within the
said limits of ten miles, to patents for an amount
not exceeding eighty acres each.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
grant of lands hereby made is upon condition
that said company, after the construction of its
road, shall keep it in repair and use, and shall
at all times transport troops, munitions of war,
supplies, and public stores upon its road for the
Government of the United States, free from all
cost or charge therefor to the Government,
when required to do so by any department
thereof. And the lands hereby granted shall
inure to the benefit of said company, as follows:
when the Governor of the State of Kansas shall
certify that any section of ten consecutive miles
of said road is completed in a good, substantial,
and workmanlike manner as a first-class rail-
road, then the said Secretary of the Interior
shall issue to the said company .patents for so
many sections of the land herein granted within
the limits above named, and conterminous with
said completed section hereinbefore granted;
and when certificates of the Governor aforesaid
shall be presented to said Secretary of the com-
pletion, as aforesaid, of each successive section
often consecutive miles of said road, the said
Secretary shall, in like manner issue to said
company patents for the land for each of said
sections of road as in the first instance, until
said, road shall be completed: Provided, That
if said road is not completed within ten years
from the date of the acceptance of the grant
hereinbefore made, the lands remaining unpat-
ented-shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That as
soon as said company shall file with the Secre-
tary of the Interior maps of its line, designating
the route thereof, it shall be the duty of of said
Secretary to withdraw from the market the
lands granted by this act, in such manner as
may be best calculated to effect the purposes of
this act and subserve the public interest.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
United States mail shall be transported on said
road, and under the direction of the Post Office
Department, at such price as Congress may by
law provide: Provided, That until such price
is i&ed by law the Postmaster General shall
have power to fix the compensation.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That the
