3806
THE COA'ttKESSlOtfAL GLOBE.
July 14,
owner of his own tools, the owner of his own
labor, and his own machinery.
The Senator from Kansas says that the Gov-
ernment ought riot to give the salt 'springs
away. I agree with him in that. He thinks
that they ought not to sell and part with their
title at $1 25 an acre. I agree with him in
that. The Government ought to realize as
much as it is possible to realize from these salt
springs. In order that there maybe the proper
sort of rivalry among persons who wish to em-
bark their money in salt-boiling or salt-evapo-
ration in any manner, let bids be issued; let
the Senator from Kansas' and his neighbors
have an opportunity to send in their proposi-
tions to the Secretary of the Interior or to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, stat-
ing what they will give for a given tract of' land
upon which they believe there is a salt spring
of some value, and let the Secretary of the In-
terior sell it to the man who gives the highest
price; and then you will have your salt springs
developed. But so long as you undertake to
maintain -the relation of landlord to the persons
who are going to carry on these salt-works, so
long they will remain in an undeveloped state,
and the country will never realize a tenth part
of the advantage from the salt springs that we
would realize if they were conducted by private
enterprise alone. That is the experience of
this Government and ha§ been from its foun-
dation. It is the experience of every Govern-
ment on the face of the earth. All such enter-
prises as this should be carried on by private
energy and by private means; and so long as
you allow the man who conducts it to be the
o"wner of the property, so long he will be willing
to invest more and more means in the appli-
ances that may be necessary to conduct his
business to a successful result.
Mr. President, I feel a great deal of interest
in this subject. I do not know of any salt
springs that are of any value on the public do-
main except those in Kansas and Nebraska,
immediately west of the State in which I live.
We hope that the time is not far distant when
we shall be able to secure our supply of salt
from that region. We do not want to be com-
pelled to become tributary to any such parties
as may happen to be able to secure a long
lease under the provisions of the bill that now
lies upon your table/ How long are these
leases to run? What are the terms upon which
they are to be made? We put the entire thing,
if the bill passes, into the keeping of one man,
and we may be bound up, as I understand, if
I recollect the provisions of the bill, for an
indefinite period. >
Mr. HARRIS. The leases are not to be for
a longer period than twenty-five years.
Mr. GRIMES. We shall be bound up for
twenty-five years, almost the length of a gen-
eration. I move that this bill be postponed
until the first day of the next session. It is a
bill which we ought not to pass at any time, in
my opinion, but certainly we ought not to pass
such a bill as this without the most mature
reflection. The idea of this bill is that the
Government shall become a landlord. Why
do you not apply the principle to your iron
ores? Why do you not apply it in the same
manner to all your iron on Lake Superior and
in Missouri? Why do you not apply it to your
gold and silver? Why is it that this absolute
necessity of life, without which we cannot
exist at all, is selected and put into the keep-
ing of a few men who manage to secure a lease
from the Government ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not like the principle
ot this bdl. It is not guarded so as to protect
the people in these salt regions. It simply
authorizes the Interior Department to lease the
mineral springs. Of course those leases will
depepd upon the representations that the par-
ties interested make to the Interior Depart-
ment. It does not provide for having surveys
or any authentic information on which we could
act. Under the bill, one individual may ob-
tain leases for all the mineral springs in a given
section at a nominal price, and thus monopo-
lize this most essential article for the region
round about those springs. 'The cost of it at
present depends principally upon the freight.
This bill throws it open to vast monopolies,
and in my judgment it is a very dangerous bill.
If there is to be anything done with salt mines
or any other mines the plan should be, when
there is sufficient information about them, to
bring them into market, when it can be done
equitably. When the subject is understood;
when a plan shall have been developed and we
have acquired sufficient information to act upon
it, let these salt springs and saline lands fall
into private hands ; let there be-competition;
let anybody make salt who desires to do so ;
but let us prevent a monopolizing of salt min-
ing. Whenever a plan of that kind can be
matured, we should pass it; but until then
there should not be any action on the subject.
Until then it ought not to be in the power of
the Secretary of the Interior, or any other head
of a Department, to make contracts whereby
these most necessary springs shall be monopo-
lized. It is a very dangerous thing. I do not
know the extent of the springs in the East, in
Kansas and Nebraska, but I know 
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from Nevada whether it is not better that the
Government should put these saline springs
under some regulations, so that the rights of
all parties to them may be understood and set-
tled, rather than that the springs should become
the object of a scramble on the part of squat-
ters to go and take possession of them, and to
hold them in defiance of the rest of the public
and to the prejudice of the Government, while
the spring itself yields no sort of revenue at
all. That I understand to be the state of facts
in regard to very many of these salt springs.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me say to the Senator
he is entirely mistaken. All salt springs are
reserved.
Mr. HOWARD. I know they are.
_ Mr. GRIMES. Nobody can take a preemp-
tion on them; nobody can occupy them as
squatters.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not speak of preemp-
tion. Certainly they are not subject to preemp-
tion,_ but they are subject to forcible entry and
detainer on the part of the squatter, if he is bold
enough to enter and take possession ; and that
is almost universally the case, I understand.
The object of this bill is to endeavor to get
some revenue for the Government and reduce
the thing to regularity, so- the t the people may
know what their rights are.
Mr. STEWART. There will be no revenue;
that you may decide on in advance; there will
be no revenue to the Government, but there
will be some oppression to the people unless
the bill is properly guarded.
Mi'. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state a fact which occurred in Wis-
consin, and which perhaps may illustrate this
matter of leasing mines. The Government of
the United States undertook to lease mineral
lands in the Stateof Wisconsin andinthe north-
ern part of Illinoisand Iowa. Theyleasedthem
at a very early day. _ The result was that after
considerable experimenting they abandoned
the whole thing; and they paid back from the
Treasury all the money they ever received from
the lessees; and since I have been a member
of Congress there have been oue or two claims
presented, and Congress has, by law, paid back
the money which had once been received from
the lease of the lead mines. Then there were
agents and salaries and all that connected with
the leasing. Now, some of these salt mines and
mineral springs are found overflowing upon the'
face of the eaisth, but the great mass of salt
springs are always found as we find the petro-
leum, by boring into the earth and finding the
springs; and this matter of finding salt springs
is_a matter of mining, just like the mining for
minerals of any sort. I think, however, that
our experience in Wisconsin and Illinois is
anything but such an experience as would
induce us to enter upon such a policy in rela-
tion to the salt springs.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to be under-
stood as being opposed to any regulation by
Congress on this subject. Whenever it can be
understood and investigated so that a bill can be
prepared whereby parties desiring to mine in
these salt springs can obtain title, and that in
small quantities, sufficient for their operations
and no more, I shall favor such a bill. I am in
favor of these salt springs falling into the hands
of private proprietors as soon as possible. What
I am opposed to is an arrangement whereby
an unlimited quantity of leases of lands can be
obtained, under the pretext that there are salt
springs upon them, by a few individuals, the
Department having no means of ascertaining
how the thing is situated except by the repre-
sentations of the parties who desire the leases.
I am utterly opposed to inaugurating a system
of this kind. The salt springs and salt mines
ought to be in the hands of private proprietors.
I know very well that if a bill of this kind were
passed, it would be practical ruin to the State
which I represent. There is salt enough in
that State to supply the civilized world during
all time. It is, only a question of freight.
There is any amount of it there. There is a
salt bed there which is said by those who have
examined it to be the most remarkable that has
ever been found in the world. It has never
been surveyed, but it contains probably several
thousand acres of rock salt in a pure state. It
is of vast use to the community there. Itcosts
only the expense of freight. Salt is essential
in mining. A mining region could not pro-
gress without it. It is one of the essential ele-
ments of mining. The mining of it there now
is free to all. ■ If you allow men to lease these
saline lands and monopolize them for twenty-
five years, it would destroy the prosperity of the
State. WJien a system shall be devised to
operate all over the United States, allowing
these lands to fall into the hands of private
proprietors, so that there shall be no monopoly,
no harm done to anybody, it is desirable that
it should be done.
The Senate has passed a bill to allow the
mineral lands to fall into the hands of private
proprietors. I think it was said here that the
miners would oppose it; but all the miners, so
far as heard from, approve it. All they want
is that the mines shall not be monopolized,
but shall go into the hands of private panies,
on the principle of the greatest good to the
greatest number. I say, let the circumstances
in regard to these salt springs be understood;
let a bill be introduced ; let it be perfected at
the next session, or the session afterwards, if
it cannot be done then. Let it be intelligently
understood; let it prevent the possibility of
these salt springs falling into the hands of a
few; and then I shall favor the passage of such
a bill. It is true that the present bill does not
apply west of the one hundredth meridian;
but still there are important interests connected
with these salt springs in the East, and it will
be a bad precedent. I am afraid if it is ap-
plied to any portion of the United States, it
may eventually be applied to the whole coun-
try. Such a system, applied to the whole
country, would be most destructive and most
disastrous. It should never be applied to such
a thing as salt, which is so essential for domes-
tic use in the East, and so essential both for
domestic use and mining in the West. These
salt springs and lands should be so divided out
and apportioned out among the bona fide salt
miners that the whole community shall not
suffer.
T he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. 387.
USE OF TIIE MARBLE ROOM.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
that bill I ask the permission of the Senate,
and of the Senator who has it in charge, to sub-
mit a resolution to which I trust there will be
no object ion. I will state before the resolution
is read that there is a misunderstanding in re-
gard to the rules of the Senate. The ante-room,
known as the Marble Room, has always been
used as a retiring room for Senators, and such
