the congressional globe.
February 13,
the support of this case. To my mind it is ||
rather so dangerous a doctrine that I do not ■;
desire to stand committed to it unless I am ![
compelled to do so. j
Mr. UPSON. T wish to ask the gentleman j
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] a question in j
relation to a restriction upon the Legislature by !
the constitutional convention of a State. If j
the convention should prohibit the Legislature
from choosing a Governor of the State to the
United States Senate, would the Legislature of
a State be bound by that prohibition?
Mr. DAWES. If I understand the question
of the gentleman, it is this: can the constitu-
tion of a State impose any additional qualifica-
tions upon a member of this body, ox* of the j
other branch of Congress, than those prescribed j
in the Constitution of the United States?^ Cer- '■
tainly not; for the Constitution of the United .
States is the supreme law of the land. That i
Constitution has prescribed those qualifications, I.
and they can neither be added to nor taken from :j
by the Legislature of a State. But if the Con- 1
stitution of the United States had said that such |
and such qualifications shall exist, and then 1
had further said, and such other qualifications [
as the Legislatures of the State shall severally i
prescribe, then if the Legislatures should act
at all they would be obliged to act under the ]
law prescribed by their own State constitutions.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes j a ques-
tion. 1 do not quarrel with him at all because '
he conies to the same conclusion to which 1 !
have come by a d:(Ferent mode of reasoning. ,
I woufd a great deal rather have any position ;
which I take supported by two propositions than <
by only one. Therefore 1 have no conflict of
logic with the gentleman from Massachusetts
for coming to the same conclusion with myself, <
and I am not going to dispose of any of the
arguments advanced by him. _
But 1 wish to ask him this question: taking 1
the Oregon case, for instance, is there in his i
judgment anything in the conclusions to which !
the committee came in that ease that is at all
in conflict with the logic used by the majority
of the Committee of Elections in this case?
Mr. DAWES. 1 have already stated, in
reply to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mah-
shau,, | that 1 did not think the Oregon ease
of itself, beyond some remarks made in the
report, was at all in conflict with the positions
assumed by the committee in this ease. 1 do
admit that there were some remarks in the re-
port itself which are in conflict with the report
of the committee now under consideration.
I have to say further only that I heartily sup-
port the resolutions which have been reported
by the majority of the committee in this case,
in which I join, and I desire merely to put upon
record this explanation of the Oregon case,
which has been cited as authority against that
report.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I asked the question only
that the gentleman might state it more dis-
tinctly than I thought he had stated it, that the
House might not comc to the conclusion that the
majority of the committee were overriding all
precedents.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiet.d] is right, that the
Oregon case is not a precedent against him.
All there is in the Oregon case that can be used
against the gentleman from Pennsylvania, is
the unfortunate reasoning of the chairman of
the committee in that case. The chairman of
the committee undertook to use arguments,
unnecesssarily as it turned out. to support a
position which stood well enough with out that
reasoning.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] a
question. If there is a conflict between the con-
stitution of a State and the act of its Legislature
in regard to the place of holding elections, must
not the act of the Legislature fall and the con-
stitution of the State stand?
Mr. DAWES. I can come to no other con-
clusion than this: if there is a conflict between
the law of the State of Miehigan and the con-
stitution of the State of Michigan, the law made
by the Legislature, which was itself created by
the constitution, must yield to the constitution.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I wish to put this
further question: whether, if there is a conflict
between the constitution of the State of Mich-
igan and the act of the Legislature referred to,
Mr, Baldwin is not entitled to his seat ?
Mr. DAWES. If I entertained any doubt
that the law of the State of Michigan, the "sol-
diers' voting act,'' as it is called, was constitu-
tional, I should be led by the reasoning which
I, have just offered to the House, to vote for the
resolution reported by the' minority. But I am
not of that opinion, and therefore I shall not
vole for that icsolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman this further question : what is the right-
ful authority to determine the proper construc-
tion of the constitution of a State? Is not the
decision of the supreme court of a State in
regard to the proper construction of the con-
stitution of a State binding upon all the tribu-
nals?
| Mr. DAWES. I agree with the gentleman
i from Illinois that, as to every matter within its
! jurisdiction, the supreme court of Michigan is
j the final arbiter, subject to the appellate author-
; ity of the Supreme Court of the United States.
| Mr. MARSHALL. That is all that is neces-
! sary.
| Mr. DAWES. But upon the point now
I submitted to this House, the supreme court of
! Michigan, as I doubt not the gentleman from
' Illinois will admit, had no jurisdiction.
Mr. MARSHALL. This, ease of course was
not before the supreme court of Michigan, but the
question as to the proper construction of their
constitution was: and the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Elections says that if theie
is a conflict between the constitution of the State
of Michigan and an act of the Legislature of
that State, the constitution must stand and the
act rauit fall; and that the supreme court of the
State of Michigan is the authoritative body to
determine the proper construction of that con-
stitution. That tribunal, Mr. Speaker, has de-
termined the question as to whether there is a
conflict between the constitution of that State
and the act of the Legislature of that Stale.
ill*. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me. I will say one word more. My opinion is
that if there are two bodies 
Mr. MARSHALL. I would prefer not to
yield any furl her as my time is nearly exhausted.
The honorable chairman of the committee
has. it seems to me, if there is anything in logic,
admitted away this whole case. He tells the
House that, if there is a conflict between the
constitution of the State of Michigan and an
act of the Legislature of that State, the consti-
tution must stand and the act of the Legisla-
ture must fall, and that the supreme court of
(hat State is the proper tribunal to determine
the correct construction of that constitution.
That tribunal has determined it. and has de-
clared that there is a direct conflict between
i the State constitution and thy act of the Legis-
i latine. Therefore, according to the premises
j of the gentleman himself, he cannot, it seems
i to me, do otherwise than sustain the claims of
i Mr. Baldwin to a seat upon this floor. All the
| essential points of the case the gentleman ad-
mits to be in favor of the contestant.
It is true that the majority of the committee
i hold that, notwithstanding that conflict which
they admit, the Legislature under the Cor.sti-
- tution of the United States hadpowerindepend-
ent of the constitution of the State. But that
is not the position which the honorable chair-
man of the .•ommittee takes; and I insist that
there is nothing left for the majority of the com-
mittee to stand ur on.
Now, sir, I do not agree with the honorable
chairman in regard to the case from Oregon.
, I insist that is a case directly in point. But
. that is not the only case. In the case of Far-
. lee vs. Runk, a case from New Jersey, in the
: first session of the Twenty-Ninth Congress, a
j question arose as to the validity of the votes
i of certain students at Princeton college, New
Jersey. The question was whether the place
of voting fixed by the constitution of the State
or that prescribed by an act of the Legislature
was the proper place. The committee decided
that the constitution must govern, and that it
overrode the provision of the act of the Legis-
lature on that subject.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That was a question of
residence.
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir, as to where the
voter should east his vote.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The question was not
whether the Legislature or the constitutional
convention of the State had the right to fix the
place of holding the election, but whether those
students voted in the place at which the law
prescribed they should vote.
Mr. MARSHALL. The act of the Legisla-
ture prescribed one place, the constitution of
the State prescribed another. The constitu-
tion, as the committee construed it, permitted
those students to vote at Princeton: the act
of the Legislature denied them that privilege.
The committee held in that case that the con-
stitution should govern, and that those students
were legally qualified voters at that place ; that
they had the right to cast then* ballots at Prince-
ton, though that was prohibited by the act of
the Legislature. The question as to the place
of casting the ballot of the eleetorwas thevery
question before the committee at_ that time;
and they decided that the constitution of New
Jersey and not the act of the Legislature should
govern in regard to the place of \ oting.
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not consume further
• imc in the discussion of this point. I will pro-
ceed to notice one or two other points in the
case.
Admitting all that is contended for by the
Committee of Elections and by the gentleman
from Michigan who opened the argument in
this case, I maintain that votes cast outside of
and beyond the State of Michigan by the citi-
zens thereof, cannot properly be computed in
determining the right to the seat now contested
in this House.
I insist that under this clause of the Consti-
tution neither the Legislature of a State nor the
Congress of the United States can proscribe a
place of voting beyond the limits of the State
where the ofliccr is elected. We must look at
the objects and purposes of this clause iu the
Constitution. Did the framers of the Consti-
tution ever dream tliat they were granting to the
Federal Congress power to presenile places of
voting for members of Congress beyond the
district and State in which they were to be
elected? Is it not clear that if Congress may
prescribe a place of voting outside of the State
for a portion of the electors, it may also pre-
scribe a place or places for all of the electors
outside of the State in which they reside?
We are told, I believe by Cicero, of a law
enacted in one of the ancient States which
provided that any one who drew blood in the
streets should suffer death, and yet the judges
very properly held that this did not apply to a
surgeon, who bled a patient in the streets for
the purpose of saving his life. They arrived at
this conclusion by abandoning the literal sense
of the words of the statute, and looking at the
objects and purposes for which it was enacted.
Why, Mr. Speaker, in the construction of all
powers granted, we must have reference to the
| object for which the power is given. At and
before the adoption of the Constitution, and
ever since, until within the last five years, all
voters, everywhere in the United States, were
required to vote within the district and State for
which the officer is elected. At the time of the
adoption of this clause, it is not easy to sup-
pose that any ono member of the Convention
for one moment thought that they were grant-
ing to Congress the power to permit citizens to
vote outside of the district and State for which
the officers were to bo elected. If the Legisla-
ture possesses this power, undoubtedly Congress
possesses the same power. And if Congress
possesses the powerto prescribe places of voting
outside of a district or State for a portion of its
citizens, why not the power to prescribe places
