406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 27,
39th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
light of way through the public lands be, and
the same is hereby, granted to said Pacific Rail-
road Company, southern branch, its successors
and assigns, for the construction ^of a railroad
as proposed: and the right is hereby given to
said corporation to take from the public lands
adjacent to the line of said road material for
the construction thereof. Said way is granted
to said railroad to the extent of one hundred
feet in width on each side of said road where it
may pass through the public domain; also all
necessary ground for station buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops,' switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
acceptance of the terms, conditions, and im-
positions of this act by the said Pacific Railroad
Company, southern branch, shall be signified
in writing, under the corporate seal of the said
company, duly executed pursuant to the direc-
tion of its board of directors first had and ob-
tained, which acceptance shall be made within
one year after the passage of this act, and not
afterwards, and shall be deposited with the
Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That said
Pacific Railroad Company, southern branch,
its successors and assigns, is hereby author-
ized and empowered to extend and construct
its railroad from the southern boundary of
Kansas, south through the Indian Territory,
with the consent of the Indians, and not other-
wise, along the valley of Grand and Arkansas
rivers, to Fort Smith, in the State of Arkansas;
and the right of way through said Indian Ter-
ritory is hereby granted to said company, its
successors and assigns, to the extent of one
hundred feet on each side of said road or roads,
and all necessary grounds for stations, build-
ings, workshops, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
same grant[s] of lands through said Indian
Territory are hereby made as provided in the
first section of this act, whenever the Indian
title shall be extinguished by treaty or other-
wise, not to exceed the ratio per mile granted
in the first section of this act: Provided, That
said lands become a part of the public lands of
the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said
Pacific Railroad Company, southern branch,
its successors and assigns, shall have the right
to negotiate with, and acquire title to land for
railroad purposes from, any Indian nation or
tribe authorized by the United States to dis-
pose of lands, and from any other nation or
tribe of Indians through whose lands said rail-
road may pass, subject to the approval of the
United States, or from any company or parties
incorporated or authorized for such purposes,
by such nation or tribe, or which such parties
may have acquired under the laws of the United
States.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That any
railroad company chartered under any law of
the United States, or of any State which may
have been heretofore or shall hereafter be or-
ganized by any act of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, may connect, unite, and consolidate
with this railroad company, atter the same
shall be located to the valley of the Neosho or
Grand river, upon just, fair, and equitable
terms, to be agreed upon between the parties,
as shall not be against the public interest, or
the interest of the United States.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. CCLXXVII.—An Act to incorporate
the Washington Temperance Society of the
City of Washington, District of Columbia.
_ Be it enaetedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That John S. Hollings-
liead, William G. Flood, Christopher Cam-
mack, senior, Asbury Lloyd, JohnB. Wheeler,
Zach. B. Brooke, Ros. A. Pish, George W.
Maher, Wm. P. Drew, Wm. H. Nally, Thomas
B. Marche, Oscar Alexander, William Dixon,
and others who now are or may hereafter be-
come members of said society, and their suc-
cessors, are hereby declared to be one com-
munity and body corporate by the name, style,
and title of the Washington Temperance Soci-
ety of Washington City and District of Colum-
bia ; and by that name they shall be, and are
hereby, made able and capable in law to have,
receive, and retain to them and their success-
ors property real and personal, also devises
and bequests of any person or persons, bodies
corporate or politic, capable of making the
same, and the same to dispose of or transfer
at their pleasure in such manner as they may
think proper: Provided always, That the said
corporation shall not at any time hold or possess
property, real, personal, or mixed, exceeding
in value the sum of twenty-five thousand dol-
lars, other than that which may be invested in
a hall to be erected for the purposes of the
society.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation and their successors, by the
name and title aforesaid, shall be capable in
law to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded,
answer and be answered unto, defend and be
defended, in all or any courts of justice, and
before all and any judges, officers, or persons
whatsoever, in all and singular actions, matters,
or demands whatsoever.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation shall have powerto hold stated
meetings; to establish and put into execution,
alter or abolish such by-laws, rules, and regu-
lations as to them shall seem most conducive
to the interests of the society: Provided, That
the same shall not be contrary to the laws of
the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That noth-
ing in this act shall be so construed as to au-
thorize the said corporation to issue any note,
token, device, or other evidence of debt to be
used as a currency.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That this
act may be altered or repealed at the pleasure
of the Congress.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
Chap. CCLXXVIII.—An Act granting Lands
to aid in the Construction of a Railroad and
Telegraph Line from the States of Missouri
and Arkansas to the Pacific Coast.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That John B. Brown, An-
son P. Morrill, Samuel F. Hersey, William G.
Crosby, Samuel E. Spring, Samuel P. Dins-
more, of Maine; N. S. Upham, Frederick
Smyth, Onslow Stearns, S. G. Griffin, Wil-
liam E. Chandler, of New Hampshire ; T. W.
Parke, H. H. Baxter, John Gregory Smith,
A. P. Lyman, of Vermont; Walter S. Burges,
William S. Slater, Stephen Harris. Thomas
P. Shepard, of Rhode Island; William Mer-
ritt, Alexander H. Bullock, George L. Stearns,
Genery Twitchell, Charles IL Warren, Chester
W. Chap in, of Massachusetts; John Boyd, Rob-
ert C. Wetmore, John T. Wait, Cyrus Northrop,
of Connecticut; Solon Humphreys, J. Bigler,
Homer Ramsdell, Isaac H. Knox, John A. C.
Gray, Daniel L. Ross, A. V. Stout, M. K. Jes-
sup, R. E. Fenton, E. L. Fancher, J. C. Fre-
mont, James Hoy, Jesse II. Bolles, Edward
Gilbert, James P. Robinson, Oliver C. Billings,
of New York; Charles Bachelor, John Edgar
Thompson, Morton McMichael, T. Haskins Du
Thomas A. Scott, Charles Bickettson,
William Lyon, George W. Cass, Levi Parsons,
of Pennsylvania: Charles Knap, J. L. N. Strat-
ton, James B. Dayton, Robert F. Stockton, Al-
exander G. Cattell, A. W. Markley, of New Jer-
sey; John W. Garrett, Charles J. M. Gwinn,
Robert Fowler, Jacob Tome, Thomas M. Lan-
ahan, of Maryland; Charles J. Dupont, Henry
Ridgley. Andrew C. Gray, Nat. Smythers, of
Delaware; Bellamy Storer, George B. Senter,
William Baker, Samuel.Galloway, David Tod,
Charles Anderson, Bird B. Chapman, Edward
Sturgis, Israel Dille, of Ohio; Edwin Peck,
William D. Griswold, James P. Luse, Samuel
E. Perkins, Conrad Baker, of Indiana; Rich-
ard J. Oglesby, N. B. Judd, Samuel A. Buek-
master, D. L. Phillips, L. P. Sanger, of Illi-
nois; Eber B. Ward, Omar D. Congar, Na-
thaniel W. Brooks, Alexander H. Morrison,
of Michigan; Z. G. Simmons, Alexander Mitch-
ell, J. J. Williams, G. A. Thompson, J. J. R.
Pease, John H. Hersey, of Wisconsin; Henry
A. Smith, Sherman Finch, William Mitchell,
R. F. Crowell, L. F. Hubbard, E. F. Drake,
of Minnesota; Lyman Cook, Piatt Smith, Ja-
cob Butler, Henry I. Reid, Hovt Sherman, of
Iowa; William G. Brownlow, of Tennessee;
Thomas C. Fletcher, B. R. Bonner, John M.
Richardson, Emil Pretorious, E. W. Fox, R.
J. McElheny, Charles H. Howland, Madison
Miller, George W. Fishback, T. J. Hubbard,
George Knapp, Charles K. Dickson, A. G.
Braun, G. L. Hewitt, P. A. Thompson, James
W. Thomas, Charles E. Moss, Edward Walsh,
A. R. Easton, Truman J. Horner, J. B. Eads,
D. R. Garrison, W. A. Kayser, George P. Rob-
inson, of Missouri; Thomas E. Bramlette, Ben-
jamin Gratz, C. E. Warren, Lazarus W. Powell,
John Mason Brown, Joshua Speed, of Ken-
tucky ; Solon Thatcher, Jacob Stotter, William
B. Edwards, James G. Blunt, Robert McBrat-
ney, of Kansas; Harrison Hagaus, James Cook,
Robert Crangle, Benjamin H. Smith, of West
Virginia; Lorenzo Sherwood, A. J. Hamilton,
of Texas; William Gilpin, Henry C. Leach,
of Colorado; Phinneas Binning, Timothy G.
Phelps, William B. Carr, Edward F. Beale,
Fred. F. Lowe, Benj. B. Redding, B. W. Hath-
away, Leonidas Haskell, Frederick Billings,
of California; W. S. Ladd, J. R. Moores,
Walter Monteith, John Kelly, B. F. Dowell,
of Oregon; James L. Johnson, Henry Con-
nelly, Franciscus Perea, of New Mexico; J.
H. Mills, A. P. K. Safford, E. S. Davis, of
Nevada: King S. Wooisey, William H. Hardy,
Coles Bashford, of Arizona; Henry D. Cooke,
of the District of Columbia; and all such other
persons who shall or may be associated with
them, and their successors, are hereby created
and erected into a body corporate and politic,
in deed and in law, by the name, style, and title
of the "Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany/' and by that name shall have perpet-
ual succession, and shall be able to sue and
be sued, plead and be impleaded, defend and
be defended, in all courts of law and equity
within the United States, and may make and
have a common seal. And said corporation
is hereby authorized and empowered to lay
out, locate, and construct, furnish, maintain,
and enjoy, a continuous railroad and telegraph
line, with the appurtenances, namely: begin-
ning at or near the town of Springfield, in the
State of Missouri, thence to the western bound-
ary line of said State, and thence by the most
eligible railroad route as shall be determined
by said company to a point on the Canadian
river, thence to the town of Albuquerque, on
the river Del Norte, and thence, by way of the
Agua Frio, or other suitable pass, to the head-
waters of the Colorado Chiquito, and theuce,
along the thirty-fifth parallel of latitude, as near
as may be found most suitable for a railway
route, to the Colorado river, at such point as
may be be selected by said company for cross-
ing; thence by the most practicable and eligi-
ble route to the Pacific. The said company
shall have the right to construct a branch from
the point at which the road strikes the Cana-
dian river eastwardly, along the most suitable
route as selected, to a point in the western
boundary line of Arkansas, at or near the town
of Van Buren. And the said company is hereby
vested_ with all the powers, privileges, and im-
munities necessary to carry into effect the pur-
poses of this act, as herein set forth. The capi-
tal stock of said company shall consist of one
