2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
consumption or gale, for one .month last preceding
said 1st (lay of the month; and shall verify, or cause
to be verified, thesaid statement, and thofacts therein
set forth, by oath or affirmation, to be taken before
the assessor or assistant assessor of the district, ac-
cording to the form required bylaw; and shall im-
mediately forward to the collector of the district a
duplicate of said statement, duly certified by the
assessor or assistant assessor. And said books shall
be open at all times for the inspection of any as-
sessor, assistant assessor, collector, deputy collector,
inspector, or revenue agent, who may take memo-
randums and transcripts therefrom.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section
fifty-two, so as to make it correspond with the
former portion of the bill, by striking out in
line twenty the word " first," and inserting in
"lieu thereof " tenth;" so that it will read;
And shall render to said assessor or assistant as-
sessor, on the XOth day of each month, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOIIRILL. I move to insert after the
word " month,'' the words "or ten days there-
after."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In lines twenty-four and
twenty-five I move to strike out the words
"preceding said 1st day of the month," and
to insert in lieu thereof the words "during the
preceding month."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. In lines thirteen and four-
teen I move to strike out the words "and
nurfiber of barrels and fractional parts of bar-
rels of fermented liquors made." I understand
that it is impossible to tell, until they come to
sell it, what quantity they have, there is so
much evaporation.
Mr. MORRILL. The law as it now stands
has been subjected to the scrutiny of the mak-
ers of beer and ale every year since it has been
in operation, and there has never been any
complaint that I am aware of made to any
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
on the subject. 1 hope these words will not be
stricken oat. ,
Mr. O'NEILL. This is a matter which in-
terests the malt maker and does not apply so
much to the brewers of beer and ale.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend the sec-
tion by striking out the following clause;
And shall also from day to day enter or cause to
be entered, in a separate book to be kept by him for
that purpose, an account of all material byhim pur-
chased for the purpose of producing such fermented
liquors, including grain and malt.
There is one point in the amendment that is
worthy the consideration of the committee. I
understand that in the brewing of beer there
are certain secrets of the trade, or certain pro-
cesses, each brewer having a secret of his own,
for which he has paid, in many instances, a
very large amount of money. I think the pro-
vision of this section goes a little too far in the
statement it requires of them.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe that the brewers
of good ale and beer do not feel at all reluc-
tant to allow people to know what is put in it.
The amendment of the gentleman to strike out
this provision would allow the manufacturers
of a spurious article who obtain a substitute
for hops and malt to go on to any extent with-
out exposure. I must object to it.
Mr. O' NEILL. I move to amend my amend-
ment by striking out the last word, in order to
enable me to say a word further. I do not
pretend to represent the views of the makers
of bad ale. porter, or beer. I believe the brew-
ers of Philadelphia are celebrated throughout
the world. I know there is a difference .be-
tween the large and the small brewers. The
large malt makers have large amounts of capi-
tal invested 111 their establishments, and they
furnish the small brewers with malt. The large
brewers of Philadelphia, in most instances,
make their own malt. In the very center and
heart of our city there are large buildings cov-
ering hundreds of feet square devoted to this
business. One of them is an immense estab-
lishment, and I presume the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means has seen the
proprietors of that brewery, What I am striv-
ing for here is to save makers of malt from being
obliged to tell these inspectors how they make
their malt. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will renew the amend-
ment to the amendment. I do so for the
purpose of saying that itrequires some knowl-
edge of these things to know how to vote upon
this question, for it is not every man who owns
a lager-beer shop. [Laughter.] 1 think the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. O'Neill]
should prevail, and I will state the reason. It
is not always proper that everybody should
know, everything that goes into beer. I re-
member a case 1 tried ten years ago, a case of
a brewer called George Schweitzer, who was
charged with being a lunatic. Another brewer
of the name of Henry Fogelsong was called
to prove that the other was a lunatic. He said
that he knew George was a lunatic, for ten
years before he had showed it most plainly.
All the brewers in their neighborhood used
calves' feet and brains in making their beer,
and they helped very much to make the beer
sweet. He had often urged the practice upon
old George and ho never would do it, and
therefore he knew he was a lunatic, because he
would not use the proper article. [Laughter. ]
Now. it will not do to have it get out gen-
erally that such matters as these are put into
the beer. Does the Committee of Ways and
Means mean that a brewer shall state in his
return how many rats he puts into his beer?
I passed one time by the cooler of a brewery
and I counted sixty large rats which had just
been thrown out after having laid in soak all
night. Now, does the committee mean that
the whole health of the country shall he affected
through the imagination by a knowledge of these
things, when, if people did not know anything
about them, it is the best kind of juice and
makes the sweetest article of beer in the world?
I hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. O'NEILL. My colleague's constituents,
I judge from his remarks, like these peculiar
flavored beers: mine do not. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I will only say that this
provision is indispensable to the perfection of
the bill. It is the same that is included in all
revenue laws of other countries ; and no objec-
tion has been made to it by the makers of
beer and ale in this country.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I will withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. O'Neill was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sfc. 53. And be it further enacted, That the entries
made in such books shall, oil the.first day of each
month, or within ten days thereafter, be verified by
the oath or affirmation of the person or persons by
whom such entries shall have been made, which
oath or affirmation shall be written in the book at
the end of such entries, and bccertified by the officer
administering the same, and shall be in form as fol-
lows: "I do swear for affirm) that the foregoing en-
tries were made by me, and that they state truly,
accordingto the bestof my knowledge and belief, the
whole quantity ot fermented liquors, either brewed,
or brewed and sold, or removed from the brewery
owned by  , in the county of , amounting to
 barrels. And further, that I have no knowledge
of any matter or thing, required by law to be stated
in said entries, which has been omitted therefrom."
And the owner, agent, or superintendent aforesaid,
shall also, in case the original entries made in his
books shall not have been made by himself, subjoin
thereto the following oath or affirmation, to betaken
in manner as aforesaid: "I do swear (or affirm) that,
to the best of my knowledge and belief, the foregoing
entries fully set forth all the matters therein required
by law, and that the same are just and true, and that
I have taken all the means in my power to make
them so."
Mr. MORRILL. In the clause which reads,
"on the 1st day of each month or within ten
days thereafter," I move to amend by striking
out the words "the 1st" and inserting "or
before the 10th;" and also striking out the
words "within ten days .thereafter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "either brewed, or brewed
and sold, or," and inserting "brewed, the
quantity sold, and the quality."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
by striking out the words "amounting to 
barrels," as that is no longer needed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 51. And be it further enacted, That the owner,
agent, or superintendent of any brewery, vessels, or
utensils used in making fermented liquors, who shall
evade or attempt to evade the payment of the tax
thereon, or fraudulently neglect or refuse to make
true and exact entry and report of the same in the
manner herein required, or to do or cause to be done
any of the things by law required to bo done by him
as aforesaid, or who shall intentionally make false
entry in said book or in said statement, or knowingly
allow or procure the same to be done, shall torfeit,
for every such offense, all the liquors made by him
or for him, and all the vessels, utensils, and appa-
ratus used in making the same, and be liable to a
penalty of not less than live hundred nor moie than
one thousand dollars, to be recovered with costs of
suit, and shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall be imprisoned for a term not exceeding one
year; and said liquors, utensils, and apparatus may
be seized and held by any collector ur deputy col-
lector until a decision shall be had thereon according
to law: Provided. That proceedings to enforce said
forfeiture shall be commenced by such collector
within twenty days after the seizure thcrcot. And
such proceedings shall bein the nature of a proceed-
ing in rem, or in any proper form of action, in the
circuit or district court ot the United States tor the
district where such seizure is made, or in any other
court of competent jurisdiction. And any brewer
who shall neglect to keep the books, or refuse to fur-
nish the account and duplicate thereof as hereinbe-
fore provided, or who_ shall refuse to permit the
proper officer to examine the books in the manner
provided, shall, for every such refusal or neglect,
forfeit and pay the sum of $300.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted. That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall cause to be pre-
pared, for the payment of tax aforesaid, suitable
stamps denoting the amount of tax herein required
to be paid on the hogshead, barrels, and halves, quar-
ters, sixths, and eighths of a barrel of such fermented
liquors, and shall furnish the same to the collectors
of internal revenue, who shall each be required to
keep on hand, at all times, a supply equal in amount
to two months' sales thereof, if there shall be any
brewery or brewery warehouse in his district, and tho
same shall be sold by such collectors only to the
brewers of their districts, respectively; and such col-
lectors shall keep an account of the number and
values of the stamps sold by them to each of such
brewers respectively; and upon all sales of such
stamps in sums of $200 or more to one person, at one
time, an allowance or deduction of seven and one
half per cent, shall be made to the purchaser.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the
last clause of this section so that it will read;
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
allow upon all sales of such stamps in sums of S200 or
more to one person, at one time, a deduction of not
more than seven and one half per cent.
Mr. PAINE. My only objection to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is this: it will be re-
membered that a little while ago he cited this
clause as explaining the reason which influ-
enced the committee to fix; the tax to which
brewers are to be subjected. He pointed out
to me this clause as a reason why justice was
in fact done to the brewers, notwithstanding
the provision to which I have referred. Now,
ho proposes to make a change in this provis-
ion, which does not with certainty secure to
the brewer this benefit, but leaves it for the
Commissioner to decide whether or not the
brewer shall enjoy the benefit. It makes it a
possible benefit but not a ccrtain benefit under
the law.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will say that the law before fixed
this at five per cent, instead of seven and a
half. The reason of the law was that a cer-
tain proportion of all the beer brewed become?
sour and, as beer, worthless. Hence, if the
brewer affixes the stamp and the beer on being
put into the market turns out worthless, the
value of the stamps affixed and canceled is an
utter loss to the brewer. In consideration of
this loss the law hitherto has made an allow-
ance of five per cent, of the value of the
stamps. That allowance is increased by this
bill to seven and a half per cent. I desire to
propose, as an addition to my amendment, to
strike out in the fifteenth line the words "one
person" and insert "any brewer."
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
that his amendment should read, "to any
brewer, and by him used in his business."
