1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
of voting outside of the Stats for all the citizens
thereof.' Why not prescribe that all the citizens
of Michigan shall vote in Ciiicago for their mem-
bers of Congress, ami all the voters of Illinois
go to St. Louis to vote for theirs? It may be
said that this would lie a gross abuse of power.
Bat 1 deny the existence of any such power.
And yet, if the power contended for by the
committee exists, the other follows as a neces-
sary consequence.
Bat the act of the Michigan Legislature (by
virtue of which the votes were cast outside of
the State that it is proposed to count for the
sitting member) does not prescribe the place or
places of voting, and consequently the votes
were not cast in pursuance of any competent
authority. The provision of said statute is as
follows:
'' SKc. 7. At the elections herein provided for a
poll shall bo opened at every place, whether within
orwithout1 he,State, *.vhcrca i crimen t, battalion, bat-
tery. or company of Michigan soldiers may be iound
or stationed; and at surh election all persons xnny
vote who are thereto entitled by law and by the pro-
visions of this act."
Now, will any one pretend that that prescribes
a place or places of election? What place or
places? Would a law which provided that any
clcctor of Michigan should vote at any place,
within or without the State, where lie might
happen to be on the day of election, prescribe
a place of voting? This is too clear, I submit
with ail deference, to admit of argument. If
Congress or the Legislature can prescribe places
of election outside of the State, I insist that the
places must be named in the act ; and that it is
no compliance with the constitution to provide
that a man, or a company of men, may vote at
any place where they may happen to be on the
day of election, and that such a lav.' does not
proscribe a place of election at all.
Mr. BLAMAN. I wish to say these places
they have fixed in Michigan comprise whole
counties. They have r.ot fixed precise places
at which the election shall be held.
Mr. MARSHALL. I suppose they have not
fixed the house, but they have fixed the place.
Mr. BEAMAN. The place is fixed by the
township clerk bylaw.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have read the act. I
ask gentlemen to say whether that is fixing the
place for voting.' Isthatprescribingthe place?
is that writing down the place of voting accord-
ing to the language of the constitution? The
act does not prescribe the place or places for
voting, and does not conform to this provision
of the constitution. Would it be in conformity
to this provision to have a commission go out
to all places in Europe or Amcrica and take
the votes of citbcns of Michigan in the place or
places in which t hey may happen to be found on
the day of election ?
It seems to me to be a most monstrous posi-
tion for gentlemen to take for the purpose of
maintaining the title of the claimant in this
case to a seat. No place is fixed. It is as if
you should go out, with your ballot-box, wonder
over the country, and take the vote of every cit-
izen of the State, wherever he happened to be
on the, day of election. I say that that is not
prescribing or fixing a place at all. It is not
naming it. It is in no sense acting in conform-
ity with the Constitution of the United Stetes.
Mr. Sneaker. 1 have now said all I propose
to saj'in regard to this matter. As a matter of
course, 1 expect every gentleman to act in con-
formity with his own judgment. If there were
no constitutional objection in the way, I should
care but little as to which of the gentlemen
claiming the seal should be preferred. ^ I have
no feeling whatever in this case, but I do think
it is a, matter of importance that we, sitting as
judges here, should decide this question rightly,
and in accordance with the Constitution and
"laws of the country.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, Iunderstandthat
Mr. Baldwin, the contestant, says it is impossi-
ble for him to be here to-morrow. I would like
to ask him how long he desires to speak
Mr. BALDWIN', (the contestant. I Having
been confined to my bed for three days past, 1
feel quite unable to proceed now. This is a
matter in which I of course feel some interest,
and I would like to have permission to print
the argument I have prepared. _ The House
may then dispose of the case this afternoon or
to-morrow morning, as they please.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that the contest-
ant have leave to print his remarks.
No objection being made, leave to print was
accordingly granted
Section four provides that—
"The time*, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators ami Representatives shall be pre-
sn-ibed in each State by the Letru-1 mire thereof; but
Conin may .it any time by law make or alter such
regulations," k(:.
It is by virtue of this section that it is assumed
that a State Legislature have absolute, unlim-
ited control in fixing the times and places of
holding an election for members of Congress.
corcangiy granted. ! { think it -niil not bo denied but that the people
ine iollowmg is the argument prepared by j of the various States have an undoubted right
Mr. LALD u lis, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker, || through their various constitutions to prescribe
in appearing before this House as a claimant
for a seat therein, the novelty as well as the
importance of the matter places me in an em-
barrassing pofition. I vould gladly defer to
some other the task thus necessarily imposed,
but justice to myself and those who gave me
their votes at the congressional election in my
district demand of me the performance of this
duty. I do not come a mere suppliant for
favors to be granted, but with a sincere belief
that my title to a position in this body is equal
to that of any of its members. The law has
imposed certain fonns in eases of contests. To
those I must conform, and however much the
final determination may not accord with my
individual views it vill be binding upon all.
From it there is no appeal; and to make it
equitable, just, and satisfactory to the parties
and to yourselves it will require a careful
examination of ihe questions involved in this
content I shall endeavor to present the facts
as pbinlv and with as much brevity as the case
will admit.
The fifth congressional district of Michigan
is composed of six counties; and in them, at
the November election, of the votes
polled I received a majority of 125. These
were all in accordance with the established
provisions of law, and of their validity no ques-
tion has been raised. If no change had been
made by the Legislature in the manner of con-
ducting the elections in Michigan, mv right
would be undisputed. But. during the legis-
lative session of lHG-i. a soldiers' xoung lan-
was enacted, allowing polls to be opened where
ever a Michigan regiment,, a company, or a
detached portion of one was "found or sta-
tioned;'' and all soldiers from Michigan, with
certain restrictions, were allowed to cast their
\ otes. The law, however, did not restrict this
voting to the members of Michigan regiments,
but perinbtod those from Michigan in the ser-
vice of the United States, or soldiers "present
from other States,'' to vote on those occasions.
The, electors were authorized to open polls and
ehooi-e three inspectors of election; and. as
those voting places were not fixed at any par-
ticular loe;iii:y, it followed that anv three sol-
diers from Michigan, "detached," could go
through the ceremony of holding an election.
A sufficient number of votes are admitted to
have been cast at these voting places, outside
of the limits of the State of Michigan, at the
election in November, fytii, to overcome my
majority on the home vote, and .give it to my
competitor. These votes, I insist, were loid
by the Constitution of the United _ States and
the laws and constitution of Michigan. It is
assumed on the part of my opponent that the
place of voting is not a qualification, and forms
no part of it; that the constitution of Michigan
cannot affect, control, or regulate the place of
voting by the electors for Representatives in
Congress, but that this matter is wholly dele-
gated 1)7 tiie Constitution of the United States
to the Legislatures of the respective States; and
as the main question involved in the case under
consideration rests upon the proper construc-
tion of the provisions of the national Consti-
tution, and what is a •' qualification'' for a
voter, I trust 1 may be permitted to go some-
what into detail relative to this subject.^
Section two of article one of the Tederal
Constitution provides that—
"TheHouse of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen everv second yeai by the people
of the several States, and the electors in each biate
shall have the qualifications requisite tor ejectors ot
the most numerous branch of the State. Legislature.
through their various constitutions to prescribe
any qualification for electors for members of
the State Legislature they may deem expedient,
no matter how fanciful "or severe may be that
qualification, attached as a prerequisite to vot-
ing. By the Federal Constitution the same
must apply to the electors of Representatives
in Congress. The Constitution of the United
States has so provided, and the Federal and
State organic laws must go hand in hand, peace-
fully and harnioniously, in allowing the exer-
cise by the electors of the privileges conferred.
If the constitution of a State w holly discard
color, sex, or residence, aud it should permit
every person twenty-one years of age to vote
for State representatives, it will have thus fixed
the qualifications for congressional electors,
and the people of other States restricting suf-
frage to white male adult citizens, and that
after a long residence, have no right to object.
So. if a State constitution make place a quali-
fication, it extends to and controls electors for
members to this House. Here is where the
issue is between my opponent and myself. He
contends that ''place" has nothing to do with
the right, to the exercise of suffrage, and that
any l.wf'passed by a State Legislature author-
izing voting at any place out of the State would
be valid; and a person elected by such votes
would be entitled to his seat, no matter if they
were void for all other officers. As monstrous
as is this doctrine, as destructive as it would
bo in overturning and annihilating every bar-
rier to preserve the purity of the elective fran-
chise. it has its advocates and supporters, and,
it may be, will be sanctioned and adopted by
this House.
The people of Michigan, in their first consti-
tution of 183-5, gave extensive voting privileges
to the electors of that State. They provided
that—
"In all elections every white male citizen, above
the age of twenty-one years, having resided in the
ytatc six months next preceding any election, shall
be entitled to vote at such election ; but no such citi-
zen or inhabitant shall be enl itled to vote except in
the district, county, or township in which he shall
actually lCside at the time oi such election."
At that time our State composed only one
coucrressional district, and an elector could vote
anywhere in the State. A few years' experience
taught the people that the privilege thus loosely
conferred was open to fraud, and to avoid that
difficulty, and to bring tlie voter face to face
with his neighbors at the polls, the constitution
was amended in 1830. restricting the casting
the vote to the '' township or ward." In 1850
we formed a new constitution, and with the
experience of the two former, the people again
provided ill section one, article seven—
"But no citizen or inhabitant "shall he an elector or
entitled to vote unless he shall bo nbovo the a.so of
twenty-one ycai?, and has resided in this State three
months, end in the township or ward in which he
offeis to vole, ten daysnoxtprccedingsuch election."
Ii will be observed that this provision of the
constitution fixes the qualification of electors
for all the various elective officers, both State
and national. No discrimination is made as
to the electors, and the qualifications are as
definite as language can make them—citizen-
ship. <tc., above the age of twenty-one years,
residence in the State three months, and in the
township or ward in which he offers to vote,
toil days next preceding an election. This is all
to be taken together; and if the age and resi-
dence are '* qualifications," no sound reason-
ing can separate the place of voting from the
category. _
Without referring at present to the other aids
in fixing a meaning to these words, they would
