3808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul y 14,
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will not
concur in the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Why?
Mr. HOWARD. The reason for not con-
curring is that if the words be stricken out,
when the bill goes to the House of Represent-
atives it will become necessary to refer it to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand, then, that
the bill makes an appropriation ?
Mr. HOWARD. It does not make an ap-
propriation.
Mr. GRIMES. Then why does the Senator
desire to strike out those words ?
Mr. HOWARD. It makes no appropriation.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly; the jdea is that
the officers will be justified in paying out the
money if these words are stricken out.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were, upon a division—ayes 7, noes 15;
no quorum voting.
Mr. GRIMES called for the«yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The objectofthis clause,
as I understand it, is that this shall, after all,
be kept within the control of Congress, and
that the Treasury shall not pay out money in
support of this grant unless there shall be a
specific appropriation for that purpose. The
committee supposing that to be unnecessary, in
reporting the bill thought it proper to strike
out those words. Now, in my opinion, they
ought to stand, so as to keep it within the con-
trol of Congress, and in that opinion I under-
stand the committee now concur.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Therefore I am desirous
that the Senate should disagree to this recom-
mendation of the committee, leaving these
words to stand, so that it be a part of the law
that money shall not be paid out without an
appropriation for it. I am sure with that under-
standing no gentleman can object to retaining
the words.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the question being
put, I voted for striking them out, but I see
that I voted under a misapprehension. I think
the words ought to be retained in the bill, and
then Congress may judge from time to time
whether they will make appropriations.
Mr. IIOWARp, Certainly; and that is my
motion: that the Senate non-concur in this
amendment of the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Chair will put the
question again it will be understood without
calling the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Aothoxy
in the chair.) The call for the yeas and nays
may be withdrawn by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see how that can be.
The last decision of the Chair was that there
was no quorum. Tt is not competent to do any
business until it is ascertained that there is a
quorum here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire is coriect.
Mr. GRIMES, and others. That can be
ascertained by another division.
Mr. CLARIC. I have no objection to allow-
ing the call for the yeas and nays to be with-
drawn by unanimous consent if we are to have
another division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will regard the call for the yeas and nays as
being withdrawn, and will put the question
again on the amendment.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes none, noes thirty.
Sq the amendment was rejected.
Section [seven] six provides that the act
shall take effect on and after its passage. The
committee proposed to strike out the words
"this act shall take effect on and after its pas-
sage," and to insert "Congress may at any
time alter, amend, or repeal this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the fifth
section by inserting "at least" after "that,"
® line one of section five; so as to read, "that
at least three fourths of the board of directors
of said company shall always be citizens of the
United States." -
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must confess my sur-
prise, and under the circumstances of the coun-
try my chagrin, at the probable passage of a
bill of this character at this period of the ses-
sion. I supposed that when this project was
introduced into the House of Representatives,
elaborately debated and discussed there, and
defeated by a very decided vote, after a full
understanding of the subject, a more objec-
tionable bill would not then be introduced into
the Senate and be forced through at this period
of the session. This bill proposes to grant to
an existing corporation a guarantee of stock to
the amount of $102,143,000; and it proposes
to pay to this company $122,571,600. This
company has already received from Congress
a grant of land amounting to forty-seven mil-
lion three hundred and sixty thousand acres,
being twice the grant given to the same length of
line of the Union Pacific railroad or any other
railroad that ever was proposed or projected
in this country. The land grant made to this
railroad is twice as large as any that has been
made to any other railroad; and it was on the
express ground that it was to be a land-grant
road. It was introduced and advocated and
we passed it on the specific stipulation that
no money grant and no guarantee should be
made to this road. Its projectors pledged them-
selves and their reputation that they would
build it upon the grant of land; and I remem-
ber very well that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, in introducing the bill,
said that the grant was made twice as large as
to any other road on that ground.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator in one respect. The bill came from an-
other committee altogether. It was reported
by the Senator from Wisconsin. I was not on
the committee that reported the bill. I ob-
jected a little to the grant of land on the
ground that it was too large, but finally yielded
to it because the road was to be a land-grant
road.
Mr. SHERMAN, I remember hearing the
Senator from Kansas state distinctly that he
yielded to the grant on the ground that it was
a Pacific railroad which was to receive no
money, and therefore was entitled to double
the usual grant of land.
Mr. POMEROY. But it came from another
committee altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. Here is a
company which we organized ourselves, build-
ing a line of railroad along the British posses-
sions to a port belonging to Great Britain, on
the northern boundary of our country, to which
we have already granted forty-seven million
acres of the public lands on what they claim
to bo a favorable route, and upon a promise
and guarantee that they would build the road
for that amount of land. It is now proposed
that we shall give to this company money to
the amount of $122,000,000. It is true that
the company agrees to repay this, but what se-
curity have we for it? A mortgage of one half
the land we give them! That is all. That is
to say, we give them twice as mijeh land as we
have ever given to any other railroad company;
and they mortgage the excess to us for our
security! They do not agree to pay back any
portion of the money paid by us until after this
road is completed, and a continuous line is run
along it from Lake Superior to the Pacific
ocean. The second section of the bill shows
tMfct they do not sot apart any of the proceeds
of the road or make any agreement to refund
the mopey until after the road is completed
and finished. We are expected to pay this
large sum of money in addition to the land
grant, receiving nothing back except the pro-
ceeds of half the land we give them-, and to
wait for the interest we pay until the road is
completed; and then there is no stipulation to
pay the moneyK but there is a stipulation that
they will set aside one fourth of the net pro-
ceeds of the road for the purpose of paying the
Government.
Now, when you look at this bill, it is simply
a gratuity of this sum of money at this period
of our history to build a rival road to one which
we are now engaged in constructing—a gratu-
ity made in violation of the pledge and prom-
ise of those men who embarked in this road.
It is rival to a road in which we have already
embarked a guarantee of more than one hun-
dred million dollars, for the building of which
we are now daily issuing thirty-year bonds of
the United States bearing six per cent, inter-
est. It seemed to me yesterday, when it was
proposed to take up this bill at this period of
the session, that it might properly be resisted;
and I should be very sorry indeed if we pro-
ceed to any definite or conclusive vote.
As I said before, this bill, but in a less ob-
jectionable form, was debated in the other
House for a long time, was fully considered,
and was voted down by a vote of, I think, 76
to 56. Is it expected now that by passing the
bill at this period of the session in such a form
that when it goes to the House of Representa-
tives it will not be necessary, according to the
rules of that body, to refer it to a committee,
you will be able to push it through that body?
It is purposely framed with a view to avoid a
reference to a committee in the House of Rep-
resentatives, because the provision in this bill
which was voted upon by -the Senate a few
minutes ago could only have been inserted for
the very purpose 6f avoiding and evading the
rule of the'House of Representatives which
requires bills involving appropriations of money
to go to a committee. That clause was inserted
for no other purpose except to enable the man-
agers of this bill to pass it through the House
of Representatives without reference to a com-
mittee. As the bill stands it may go to the
House of Representatives, be taken from the
Speaker's table, and forced to a final vote
without a reference to any committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why, then, did the
Senator vote to retain that clause?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wanted the Senate to
have the bill before it just as it is. I wanted
to show precisely the purpose of it. I did not
want to patch up the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose this clause
was stricken out, as was recommended by the
committee originally, what wouldbe the result?
Mr. SHERMAN. Even then, if my friend
from Maine will examine the phraseology of
the bill, he will see that it avoids all appro-
priations, and that the declaration made in the
clause referred to is but a declaration of the
legal effect of the bill. Under the custom of
the House, whenever a bill not only makes
appropriations but makes a contract for an
appropriation, they have usually held it to de-
mand and require a reference. That is the
point; but the clause alluded to is only putting
in what is actually the legal effect of the bill;
and it is done, and can only be done, for that
purpose, in my judgment.
Mr. GRIMES. Pinquire of the Senator if
this bill did not come from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. It came from the Pacific
Railroad Committee; but that committee was
divided about it. I thought a majority of the
committee was against it, but I am not pre-
pared to say that. Perhaps I ought not to say
anything about the committee; but it is a fact
that the Pacific Railroad Committee is divided
on the bill. I am a member of this committee^
and I am certainly opposed to the bill.
It seems to me that the passage of this bill,
or of any bill of a kindred character, at this
session of Congress, will tend to impair the
public credit. The readiness wfth which, now
being, scarcely over a groat civil war, with a
debt of $3,000,000,000 upon our shoulders, we
embark in new enterprises before we have got
to the hard-pan of specie payments ; the readi-
ness with which we contract now upon the basis
of an inflated currency, when every dollar of
this money will have to be paid in gold and
silver, does tend to destroy the public credit.
