408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
[July 2?,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and the said company cannot agree as to the
value of the premises taken, or to be taken,
for the use of said road, the value thereof shall
be determined by the appraisal of three disin-
terested commissioners, who may be appointed
upon application by either party to any. court
of record in any of the'Territories in which the
lands or premises to be- taken lie; and said
commissioners, in their assessment of damages,
shall appraise such premises at what would have
been the value thereof if the road had not been
built. And upon return into court of such ap-
praisement, and upon the payment into the
same of the estimated value of the premises
taken for the use and benefit of the owner
thereof, said premises shall be deemed to be
taken by said company, which shall thereby
acquire full title to the same for the purposes
aforesaid. And either party feeling aggrieved
at said appraisement may, within thirty days
after the same has been returned into court,
file an appeal therefrom, and demand a jury
of twelve men to estimate the damage sustained;
but such an appeal shall not interfere with the
rights of said company to enter upon the prem
ises taken, orto do any act necessary and proper
in the construction of its road. And said party
appealing shall give bonds,with sufficient surety
or sureties, for the payment of any cost that
may arise upon such appeal; and in case the
party appealing does not obtain a verdict more
favorable, such party shall pay the whole cost
incurred by the appellee, as well as his own,
and the payment into court, for the use of the
owner of said premises taken, at a sum equal
to that finally awarded, shall be held to vest in
said company the title of said land, and the
right to use and occupy the same for the con-
struction, maintenance, and operation of said
road. And in case any of the lands to be
taken as aforesaid shall be held by an infant,
femme covert, non compos, insane person, or
persons residing without the Territory within
which the lands to be taken lie, or persons
subjected to any legal disability, the court
inay appoint a guardian, for any party under
any disqualification, to appear in proper per-
son, who shall give bonds, with sufficient surety
or sureties, for the proper and faithful execu-
tion of his trust, and who may represent in
court the person disqualified, as aforesaid, from
appearing,_ when the same proceedings shall be
had in reference to the appraisement of the
premises to be taken for the use of said com-
pany, and with the same effect as has been
already described; and the title of the com-
pany to the lands taken by virtue of this act
shall not be affected or impaired by reason of
any failure by any guardian to discharge faith-
fully his trust. And in case any party shall
have a right or claim to any land for a term of
years, or any interest therein, in possession, re-
version, or remainder, the value of any such
estate, less than a fee-simple, shall be estimated
and determined in the manner hereinbefore set
forth. And in case it shall be necessary for
the company to enter upon any lands which
are unoccupied, and of which there is no ap-
parent owner or claimant, it may proceed to
take and use the same for the purposes of said
railroad, and may institute proceedings, in man-
ner described, for the purpose of ascertaining
the value of, and of acquiring a title to, the
same; but the judge of the court hearing said
suit shall determine the kinds of notice to be
yrvkd on sueh owner or owners, and he may
in his discretion appoint an agent or guardian
i.; represent sueh owner or owners in case of
lib or their incapacity or non appearance.
Liuf in ease no claimant shall appear within
-ix years from the time of the opening of said
' oad across any land, all claims to damages
against said company shall be barred.
Sec. 8. And be il farther enacted, That each
and every grant, right, and privilege herein are
so made and given to and accepted by said
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company, upon
and subject to the following conditions, namely:
that the said company shall commence the work
on said road within two years from the approval
of this act by the President, and shall complete
not less than, fifty miles per year after the sec-
ond year, and shall construct, equip, furnish,
and complete the main line of the whole road
by the fourth day of July, anno Domini eight-
een hundred and seventy-eight.
Sec. 9. And be it- further enacted, That the
United States make the several conditional-
grants herein, and that the said Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad Company accept the same,
upon the further condition that if the said
company make any breach of the conditions
hereof,' and allow the same to continue for
upwards of one year, then, in such case, at any
time hereafter, the United States may do any ■
and all acts and things which may be needful
and necessary to insure a speedy completion
of the said road.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all
people of the United States shall have the right
to subscribe to*the stock of the Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad Company until the whole cap-
ital named in this act of incorporation is taken
up by complying with the terms of subscription.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
said Atlantic and Pacific railroad, or any part
thereof, shall be a post route and military road,
subject to the use of the United States for postal,
military, naval, and all other Government ser-
vice, and also subject to such regulations as
Congress may impose restricting the charges
for such Government transportation.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
acceptance of the terms, conditions, and im-
positions of this act by the said Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad Company shall be signified in
writing under the corporate seal of said com-
pany, duly executed pursuant to the direction
of its board of directors first had and obtained,
which acceptance shall be made within two
years after the passage of this act, and not after-
wards, and shall be deposited in the office of
the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. IS. And be it further enacted', That
the directors of said company shall make and
publish an annual report of their proceedings
and expenditures, verified by the affidavits of
the president and at least six of the directors,
a copy of which shall be deposited in the office
of said Secretary of the Interior, and they shall,
from time to time, fix, determine, and regulate
the fares, tolls, and charges to be received and
paid for transportation of persons and property
on said road, or any part thereof.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
directors chosen in pursuance of the first sec-
tion of this act shall, so soon as may be after
their election, elect from their own number a
president and vice president; and said board
of directors shall, from time to time, and so
soon as may be after their election, choose a
treasurer and secretary, who shall hold their
offices at the will and pleasure of the board of
directors. The treasurer and secretary shall
give such bonds, with such security as the said
board from time to time may require. The
secretary shall, before entering upon his duty,
be sworn to the faithful discharge thereof, and
said oath shall be made a matter of record
upon the books of said corporation. No per-
son shall be a director of said company unless
he shall be a stockholder, and qualified to vote
for directors at the election at which he shall
be chosen.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the
president, vice president, and directors shall
hold their offices for the period indicated in the
by-laws of said company, not exceeding three
years, respectively, and until others are chosen
in their place, and qualified. In case it shall
so happen that an election of directors shall
not be made on any day appointed by the by-
laws of said company, the corporation shall
not for that excuse be deemed to be dissolved,
but such election may be holden on any day
which shall be appointed by the directors. The
directors, of whom seven, including the presi-
dent, shall be a quorum for the transaction of
business, shall have full power to make and
prescribe such by-laws, rales, and regulations
as they shall deem needful and proper touch-
ing the disposition and management of the
stock, property, estate, and effects of the com-
pany, the transfer of shares, the duties and con-
duct of their officers and servants touching the
election and meeting of the directors, and all
matters whatsoever, which may appertain to
the concerns of said company; and the said
board of directors may have full power to fill
any vacancy or vacancies that may occur from
any cause or causes from time to time in their
said board. And the said board of directors
shall have power to appoint such engineers,
agents, and subordinates as may from time to
time be necessary to carry into effect the object
of the company, and to do all acts and things
touching the location and construction of said
road.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the directors of said com-
pany to require payment of the sum of ten per
centum cash assessment upon all subscriptions
received of all subscribers,, and the balance
thereof at such time and in such proportions
and on such conditions as they shall deem to
be neeessary to complete the said road and tel-
egraph lines within the time in this act pre-
scribed. Sixty days' previous notice shall be
given of the payments required, and of the
time and: place of payment, by publishing a
notice once a week in one daily newspaper in
each of the cities of Boston, New York, Cin-
cinnati, Saint Louis, Memphis, and Nashville,
and in case any stockholder shall neglect or
refuse to pay, in pursuance of such notice, the
stock held by such person shall be forfeited ab-
solutely to the use of the company, and also
any payment or payments that shall have been
made on account thereof, subject to the con-
dition that the board of directors may allow the
redemption on such terms as they may pre-
scribe.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the
said company is authorized to accept to its own
use any grant, donation, loan, power, fran-
chise, aid, or assistance which may be granted
to or conferred on said company by the Con-
gress of the United States, by the Legislature
of any State, or by any corporation, person,
or persons, or by any Indian tribe or nation
through whose reservation the road herein pro-
vided for may pass; and said corporation is
authorized to hold and enjoy any such grant,
donation, loan, power, franchise, aid, or as-
sistance, to its own use, for the purpose afore-
said : Provided, That any such grant or dona-
tion, power, aid, or assistance from any Indian
tribe or nation shall be subject to the approval
of the President of the United States.
Sec. IS. And be it further enacted, That the
Southern Pacific Railroad, a company incor-
porated under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, is hereby authorized to connect with
the said Atlantic and Pacific railroad, formed
under this act, at such point, near the bound-
ary line of the State of California, as they shall
deem most suitable for a railroad line to San
Francisco, and shall have a uniform gauge and
rate of freight or fare with said road ; and in
consideration thereof, to aid in its construc-
tion, shall have similar grants of land, subject
. to all the conditions and limitations herein
provided, and shall, be required to construct
its road on the like regulations, as to time and
manner, with the Atlantic and Pacific railroad
herein provided for.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That
unless the said Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
Company shall obtain bona fide subscriptions
to the stock of said company to the amount of
one million of dollars, with ten per centum
paid, within two years after the passage of and
approval of this act, it shall bo null and void.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the
