1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3809
Men who are prudent and careful will look
upon reckless legislation of this kind, as I de-
clare this to be, as tending more than anything
else to impair the public credit. This world
was not created in a day. Our generation is
not to be expected to complete all the roads to
the Pacific and all the works of internal im-
provement which may be devised by man. And
when Ave are now less able to contract debt
than ever before, when the debts we now con-
tract are upon the basis of paper money, but
niuit bo fulfilled upon the basis of gold, we
seem to be willing to embark in all sorts of
enterprises. It is proposed that we shall em-
bark in building a ship-canal in opposition to
the canal of New York. It is proposed now
that we shall build a second line of railroad to
the Pacific.
If we pass this bill, with what right, with what
show of justice or manliness can you refuse to
build the Southern Pacific railroad? When
the southern representatives come here, and
demand aid for building a railroad through
Texas and along the southern border, and say
to you that you not only have a great Central
Pacific railroad which accomplishes the national
purpose of connecting the Pacific with the At-
lantic, but that you have availed yourselves of
their absence to appropriate $120,000,000 to
build a northern border road along the British
possessions, ho w can you refuse to build a South-
ern Pacific railroad, or to give the same aid for
it? You cannot doit. The very spirit of man-
liness and fair play will demand of Congress
similar grants to that road.
In my judgment, prudence, a reasonable cau-
tion, a reasonable common sense requires us
to confine ourselves now to the contracts we
have already entered into. It is manifest that
if the thing was to be done over again we should
not build any of the branches provided for the
present Pacific railroad, but we should confine
the aid of the Government to building one great
line of railroad from some point ia the West
to the Pacific. All these branches have been
constant sources of trouble and annoyance,
demanding constant changes in legislation. If
we were to do the thing over again, it is admit-
ted, I believe, on all hands, that it would be
wisest and best to build one great lino of rail-
road through to the Pacific ocean ; but now it
is proposed, in addition to the three eastern
branches already provided for, to build .another
railroad stretching along our northern border
with a gratuity of$122,<>00.000 given to it and
forty-seven million acres of^the public lands.
I trust that the Senate will vote down this
measure, or at least give us a little time for its
consideration. This bill was_ never sulxnitted
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad until
within the last month. We never held, when 1
was present at least, more than one session ot
the committee to consider its provisions. There
arc no guards or guarantees thrown around this
bill. The declaration was made in the commit-
tee that only last winter the grant of land of
forty-seven million acres was about to be tians-
ferred to a foreign company and to be controlled
by a foreign company. The only guard in this
bill against the transfer of these public lands
and of this large sum of money to a foreign
corporation is the simple clause that three
fourths of the directors shall be citizens ot
the United States. How easy would it be to
have men of straw, citizens of the United
States, made directors of this great and pow-
ful corporation, and have the whole control ot
it in British hands ! You have no guard against
the very danger that these men once endeavored
to defeat, and perhaps did defeat for the time
being, except the simple provision that three
fourths of the directors shall be American citi-
zens. How easy would it be for British inter-
ests, control! ing our trade for a hostile puiposc,
to <*et control of the board of directors by own-
ing'the stock, and compel the bnited States of
America to pour into its coffers 812-^,000,000,
enough, in my judgment, to build the road, and
a grant of forty-seven million acres ot lands.
Foreign capitalists may take the charter, use
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 239.
our money to build the road, and control the
charter and the road for foreign purposes.
Sir, I do not wish, at this period of the ses-
sion and under the intense heat which we are
now suffering, to enter further into the discus-
sion of the measure. At the next session, if
it should be postponed after debate, I will ex-
amine the subject more carefully. No one can
say of me that I am hostile to any portion of
the country through which this road passes.
On the contrary, my reading of the reports has
tended to convince me that the Northern Pa-
cific route is a feasible route; that the fall in
the spurs of the mountains along the forty-
seventh and forty-eighth parallels may make
it comparatively easy to build the road; and
if the friends of the road arc to bo believed,
they can build it for less than one hundred
million dollars in gold. I have heard men who
have traversed along this route say that there
would be no trouble in building the road for
about one hundred million dollars upon a
gold basis. If so, the grant we have already
given of forty-seven million acres of land
ought to be enough aid, because, after all, the
United States get no benefit from this road
except the effect it has upon the improvement
of the country. All the profits, .all the toils,
all the charges for transportation and for pas-
sengers go into private hands. The Govern-
ment takes all the risk, gives all the money,
grants all the land, and receives in return—
what? A mortgage of one half its own lands
and a promise to pay over one fourth of the
net proceeds of the road after it is fully com-
pleted. That is, the builders of the road re-
ceive forty-seven million acres of land and give
us twenty-three millions of them ; they take
three fourths of the net earnings and we take
one fourth! That is the proposition contained
in this bill. It seems to mo the mere statement
of it is sufficient to put us on our guard, atleast
against any hurried passage ot the bill.
Mr. I-IOWAIID.' Mr. President 
Mr. POMKKOif. If this bill is to be dis-
cussed I desire to be allowed to present a re-
port from a committee of conference. Does
the Senator desire a vote on this bill to-day?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly. I desire a vote
on it at the earliest practicable moment.
Mr. POMEEO Y. Will the Senator yield to
allow me to submit a report from a committee
of conference? - .
Mr. HOWARD. I am willing to yield for
that purpose.
NORTHERN KANSAS RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEEOY submitted the following
report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill IS. J-o.Uo) en-
titled "An act for a grant of land to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction ot tho jN orthern
Kansas railroad and teleeraph," having met, alter
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their leopcctive Houses as
'"x'hat the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House with an amendment, as follows: strike out all
after the word "that," in the first line, section one,
of said hill, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
•'There is hereby granted to the State of Kansas
for the use and benefit of the St. Joseph and Denver
&ty Railroad Company, tho same being a corpora-
tion organized under the laws of the btate of .Kansas,
to construct and operate a railroad from Elwood. m
Kansas,westwardly, via M.aryville,in
as to effect ajunchon with the Lnion I aeific rail-
road, or any branch thereof not further west than
the one hundredth meridian of wesilongitude, every
alternate section of land.in Kansas designated by
odd numbers, for ten sections m width on each _ide
of said road, to the point ot intersection. Lut in case
it shall appear that the linited Mates have, when
the line or route of said road is definitely fixed, sold
any section or any part thereof, granted as aforesaid,
or that the right of preemption or homestead settle-
ment has attached to the same, or that the same has
hcen reserved by the United States for any purpose
whatever, then it shall be the duty of the beeretacsr
of the Interior to cause to be selected for the ijui
noses aforesaid, from the public lands of the Lmted
States nearest to tiers of sections above specified, so
much land, in alternate sections or parts of sections
designated by odd numbers, as shall be equal to such
lands as tho United States have sold, reserved, or
otherwise appropriated, or to which the rights of
Preemption or homestead settlements have attached
as aforesaid: whichlands, thus indicated byoddnurn-
bers, and selected by direction of the Secretary of tho
Interior as aforesaid, shall bo held by the State of
Kansas for the use and purpose aforesaid: Provided,
That the land to be so selected shall in no case be
located farther than twenty miles from the line of said
road: Provided further, Thatthelandsherebygrranted
for and on account of said road shall be exclusively
applied in the construction of the same, and for no
othfr purpose whatever, and shall be disposed of as
in this act hereinafter provided: Provided aho. That
no part of the land granted by this act shall be ap-
plied to aid in the construction of any railroad or
part thereof for the construction of which any pre-
vious grant of land or bonds has been made by Con-
gress: And provided further. That any and all lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by competent
authority, for the purpose of aiding in any object
of internal improvement, or for any other purposo
whatsoever, be, and the same are hereby, reserved
to the United States from the operations of thi3 act,
except so tar as it may belound necessary to locate the
route of said road through said lands; in which case
the right of way, one hundred feet in width on each
side of said road only shall be granted, subject to
the approval of the President of the United Whites.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thattheseetions
and parts of sections of land which by such grant
shall remain to the United States, within ten miles
on each side of said road, shall not be sold for less
than double the minimum price of the public lands
when sold: nor shall any of said lands become sub-
ject to sale at private entry until the same shall have
been first-offered at public sale to the highestbklder,
at or above the increased minimum price, as afore-
said: Provided, That actual and bona Jide settlers,
under the provisions of the preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States, may, after duo proof
of settlement, improvement, cultivation, and occupa-
tion, as no^r provided by law, purchase the same at
the increased minimum price aforesaid: And pro-
vided also. That settlers on any ot said reserve sec-
tions, under the provisions of the homesiead law,
who improve, occupy, and cultivate the same for a
period of five years, and comply with tho several
conditions and requirements of said act, shall be en-
titled to patents for an amount not exceeding eighty
acres each, anything in this act to the contrary not-
withstanding. , rm e
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the grant of
lands hereby made is upon condition that said com-
pany, after the construction of its road, shall keep it
in repair and use, and shall at all times be in readi-
ness to transport troops, munitions ot war, supplies
and public s^torcb upon its road for the Government
when required to do so by any Department thereof,
the Government at ail times having the preference
in the use of the road for all the purposes aforesaid
at fair and reasonable rates of compensation, not
exceeding that paid by private individuals or tho
average paid for like services on other roads. Am?
the lands hereby granted, held, and reserved as afore-
said shall inure to the benefit of said company. as
follows: when the Governor ot the Slate ot Kai^.^
shall certify that any section of ten consecutivo mii'-s
of said road is completed in a good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner as a first-class railroad, then
tho said Secretary of the Interior shall issue to the
said company patents for so many sections of the
land hereinbefore granted as lie opposite to and con-
terminous with tho said completed sections; and
when certificates of the Governor, aforesaid, Khali bo
presented to said Secretary of the completion, as
aforesaid, of each j-uccessive section of ten consecu-
tive miles of said road, the said becietary .shall in
liko manner is«ue to said company patents lor the
said sections of said land, as aforesaid, for each of
said sections of road until said road shall be com-
pleted: Provided, That if said railroad company, or
its aligns shall fail to complete at least one section
of said road each year from the date of its acceptance
of the grant provided for in this act, then its right
to the lands for said section so failing of completion
shall revert to the Government of the Lnifced states :
Provided further, That if said road is not completed
within ten years from the date of the aceeptance.of
the grant, hereinbefore made, the lauds remaining
unpatented shall revert to the United States.
"Sf.C.4. Andbeit further cnact'-d, Ihatassoon as the
said eompanvshall file with thcSecrctary of the Inte-
rior maps of its line, designating the route thereof, it
shallbetheduty of tliesaid Secretary to withdraw from
the market the lands granted by this act, nuueh man-
ner as maybe bcstcaleulated to effect the purposes oi
this act and subserve the public interest.
" Sfc 5 And be it further enacted, That the L nited
State? mail shall be transported en said road and its
extension, under the direction ot the Po^t Office De-
partment, at such price as Congress may by law pro- „
vide- Pi ovided, That until such price is fixed by law
tho Postmaster General shall have power to fix the
compensation. .
"SEC 0 Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatlhe nyht of
way through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, ^ranted to said St. Joseph and Denver Ciij
Railroad Company, its successors ancl as.igns. for tbo
construction ofa railroad ab proposed; and 1 he light
id hereby given to said corporation to take frorn the
nublic lands adjacent to the line of said road material
tor the construction thereof. Said way is ^ntcd to
said railroad to the extent of one hunrtieu feet m
wklth on each side of said road where it may pa S3
through the publiodomnm; also all necessary ground
for station buildings, workshop-1, depots, machine
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-table-'?, and water-
St"SEc!V. Andleit further aacfJ. That the accept-
ance of the terms, conditions, and impositions ot this
bv the S'lid St Joseph and Denver City Railroad
Company shall be signilied in writing, under the cor-
norate seal of the said company, duly executed pur-
suant to the direction of its board of directory first
