1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2849
■who shall bo styled "Spccial Commissioner of tho
Bovenue," whoso otFieo shall terminate in four years
after the passage of this act.
I desire to move to strike out tlie words,
"the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to appoint an officer in his Depart-
ment," and insert in lieu thereof the words,
" Congress shall by concurrent action elect an
officer."
I am done, for my part, with giving any pa-
tronage to the Secretary of the Treasury where
it can be avoided. lie has already stated that
lie will appoint no one to office unless he sus-
tains the policy of the President. He has this
morning distinctly so informed a member of
this House who called upon him in regard to
an appointment He asked the member if the
applicant sustained the policy of the President,
and when the member declined "to tell him, he
said, " I can appoint and will appoint no man
who does not support the policy of tho Presi-
dent." And referring to an apostate Senator
from that region, the Secretary said, " I con-
sult him when I make appointments, and 1
will appoint nobody who is not recommended
by him."
Now, it is time fortius House to let the peo-
ple of tho country know whether these officers
are to bo sacrificed to this determination of the
subordinates of the President. If we do not
stand by them they will not stand by us, and
they ought not to. Sir, it is time we spoke out
the truth about these things. It is a malfea-
sance in office. I will go further and say that
I have already ascertained that four subordi-
nates of the President have made the same
declaration. And if I was a little younger,
and I shall be in a week, I think I would let
these officers know that there is a grand inquest
of the nation before whom men who are guilty
of malpractices in office can be brought and
their cases presented to another tribunal which
would try them.
Sir, we are recreant to our own interests,
we are recreant to our own dignity, we are
recreant to all the interests of the country if
we do not stand by those wh® stand by us.
With my consent no more patronage shall be
put into the power of any man to be abused,
avowedly abused. It is time that we speak
aloud, and that we say to our friends in the
country that they are in no danger; that they
shall not be sacrificed because they stand by
Congress; that they shall not be destroyed
because they are not the tools of a recreant
President. I say that I have authentic infor-
mation that this very day this policy has been
avowed by the Secretary of the Treasury; that
he has declared distinctly that in the State re-
ferred to he will consult no one in relation to
appointments but a recreant, apostate Senator,
who has betrayed his party and his country 
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether he is serious
in urging this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I am.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I seriously oppose it.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose, Mr. Chairman,
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania has fully
accomplished his purpose by makinghis speech.
I presume that he does not intend to direct any
portion of his remarks against the distinguished
gentleman who has been employed iu this ser-
vice hitherto. Nor is there, I suppose, the
slightest apprehension that any other man will
be appointed to this position. If this amend-
ment were appropriate anywhere, it is not ap-
propriate here. I am one of those who, from
the first, have been in favor of keeping our
finances in all their relations—tax bills, tariffs,
and everything else—separate and distinct from
polities. I am still in favor of that policy. I
da not approve of all the acts of tho Secretary
of the Treasury, nor do I approve of his recent
speech. The speech which he made some
months since in Indiana I thought was an able
one. I do not so consider tho speech that
he recently made. 1 think it was an unfortu-
nate speech for the head of the Treasury, and
entirely uncalled for. But at the same time I
do not propose to change the ordinary course
39tii Coxa, l.n1 Sejw.—No. 179.
of legislation, and especially I do not propose
to show temper when we can show nothing
more than that. Even if we were here in a
minority, I suppose that this power is no more
than we would consent to grant to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. It is the same power
we lodged with the Secretary last year and was
satisfactorily exercised. 1 do not believe iu
the wisdom of any attempt to take the power
away this year. I trust, therefore, that tho
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not be adopted.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word, for tho pur-
pose of calling the attention of the committee
to the provisions of the Constitution upon the
subject of appointments to office. I do not
know that the consideration of what the con-
stitutional provisions may be will have any
weight with the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, but it strikes me that with this
committee it ought to have. Now, sir, I find
in the Constitution no warrant for the exercise
| by Congress, under 'any circumstances, of the
appointing power. I find the appointing power
provided for in express terms in the second
section of the second article of the Constitu-
tion, which I ask leave to read:
"He [the President] shall have power, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties, provided two thirds of tho Senators present
concur; and he shall nominate, and bv and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint, em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States, whose appointments are not heroin,
otherwise provided tor, and which shall be estab-
lished by law. But the Congress may by law vest the
appointment of such inferior officers as they think
proper in the President alone, in the courts of law,
or in the lieads of Departments."
Here we have defined by the Constitution
the only authorities recognized by that instru-
ment as capable of exercising the appointing
power—the President and the Senate, the
President alone, the courts of law, and the
heads of Departments. I respectfully inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
he proposes that, for the sake of punishing
the Secretary of the Treasury for his very
wicked speech the other evening, and his very
wicked remark since, Congress shall override
the provisions of the Constitution and assume
n power of appointment to the exclusion of
all the authorities defined by the Constitution.
Mr. STEVENS. This is no office. This is
an agency to be created by this Congress, just
the same as if we were to create a commission
to proceed to the South or.anywhere else—
just the same as we created a commission for
the purpose of examining into these very matters
of revenue. It does not come within the mean-
ing of the Constitution at all, and never has been
so considered. I propose no violation of an
office of the Constitution. This is not an office.
We propose simply to appoint an agent to do
a particular thing. We might, if we chose,
authorize a committee of this House to do it.
It requires no appointment by the President.
Whether or not the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] deems those arguments of
the Secretary of the Treasury "wicked," I do
deem them wicked. I do not believe that the
gentleman so regards them : I think they rather
appeal to his taste or appetite.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
says that he is for keeping the Secretary of the
Treasury free from politics. So am I; and it
is for that very reason that I have introduced
this amendment and made these remarks. The
Secretary of the Treasury has assumed to regu-
late his patronage by politics, and not by that
which is connected with the interests of finance.
He has prostituted his office to an unholy pur-
pose ; and I think it is time that 
[llere the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I observe, Mr. Chairman,
that this sixty-fifth section provides—
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to appoint an ofheer in luxDcp.irtment nv.o ,
shill be stvlcd "Special Commissioner of the Eevo- i
mu\'' whose office shall terminate in four years from '
tho passage of this act.
As I understand, this provides for the
appointment of an "officer;" and when ap-
pointed he will hold an "office.''' I cannot,
therefore, readily comprehend the statement
of the able and distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that this is not an office, unless
we are using words of which we do not com-
prehend the meaning. I suppose that is all
that need be said on that point in addition to
the well-taken constitutional objection of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Hale.] But I
ask this committee to consider for a single
moment in what attitude they will place them-
selves by taking from the Secretary of the
Treasury the usual and customary authority of
appointing the officer. It can be looked upon
in no other light than that of reproach to this
officer. It can be looked upon in no otherlight
than that of condemnation of his conduct.
Tell me what the Secretary of tho Treasury
has done which deserves the reproach and pro-
vokes this attack. On the question of recon-
struction he differs from the majority of this
House. Is ho the slave of the majority of this
House? Is he not entitled to entertain his
own opinions about the proper manner of re-
organizing these States ? Are we all to square
our opinions to a particular line of conductor
to a particular rule that is to bo marked out
by those in the majority? Cannot an officer
of this Government have opinions on this sub-
ject without deserving the censure of this House
in exercising the legitimate powers which
belong to his office? What do we do by this
line of policy? What do we effect in the coun-
try except to provoke and irritate a public sen-
timent already too much excited, and to pre-
vent ourselves from arriving at those wise and
calm conclusions which the country demands
at our hands? How has the Secretary of the
Treasury here to-day been denounced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Srr.viixs.]
And why? Because he entertains opinions iu
reference to the matter of reconstruction differ-
ent from the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
me to say I do not denounce him for entertain-
ing any such opinions, but I do denounce him
for prostituting the patronage of this Govern-
ment to make all other opinions bend to his
own.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the gentleman for his
authority for saying that the Secretary of the
Treasury has prostituted the patronage of the
Government. What has he done it in: where
and when ? Let us have the specifications.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman desires an
answer ?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly'.
Mr. STEVENS. Probably the gentleman
did not hear what I said at the outset.
Mr. DELAN 0. I did not hear any specifi-
cations.
Mr. STEVENS. I presume the gentleman
did not hear what I said. I assert that a mem-
ber of this House, of high respectability, to-day
went to the Secretary of the Treasury to get
certain officers named in his district, one of
them a wounded soldier, and he was asked
their opinions about sustaining the President's
policy, slating distinctly unless they did sustain
them he would not appoint them; ihnt the
President had made up his mind that that
course should be pursued.
Mr. DELANO. I would like to have hi .
name. I venture to say there i« a cii-upprc-
hension between the gentleman and the Secre-
tary of the 'Treasury. The Seiretary of the
Treasury may have said ho would not appoint
any man openly abusive and hostile to tho
President. 1 undertake to say hejond that ho
has not gone. I should like to have the proof
Mr. STEVENS. If tho gentleman spoke of
his own knowledge. I should of course believe
him ; but he does not pretend to do this. 1 he
gentleman wlio informed me not twenty r_in-
utes ago spoke upon his own authority,_ as
respectable* a man as any in the House. T'os-
siblv he may not wish to have hio name known.
I have not had time to consult him. It may
bring down upon him the wrn'.h of those in the
