1866.]
APPENDIX TO- THE 0ON&BES8I0NAI* GLOP.E.
Laivs of the United• States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sesss.
better to accomplish the object of this act,
namely, to promote the public interest and
welfare by the construction of said railroad and
telegraph line, and keeping the same in work-
ing order, and to secure to the Government at
all times, but particularly in time of war, the use
and benefits of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes, Congress may, at any time,
having due regard'for the rights of said Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company, add to, alter,
amend, or repeal'this act.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That
whenever in any grant of land or other subsi-
dies, made or hereafter t,o be made, to rail-
roads or other corporations, the United States
has reserved the right, or shall reserve it, to
appoint directors, engineers, commissioners or
other agents to examine said roads, or act in
conjunction with other officers of said company
or companies, all the costs, charges, and pay
of said directors, engineers, commissioners, or
agents shall be paid by the respective compa-
nies. Said directors, engineers, commission-
ers, or agents, shall be paid for said services the
sum of ten dollars per day, for each and every
day actually and necessarily employed, and ten
cents per mile for each and every mile actually
and necessarily traveled, in discharging the
duties required of them, which per diem and
mileage shall be in full compensation for said
services. And in case any company shall re-
fuse or neglect to make such payments, no more
patents for lands or other subsidies shall be
issued to said company until these require-
ments are complied with.
Appiiovejj, July 27, 1866.
Chap. CCLXXIX.—An Act to incorporate the
General Hospital of the District of Colum-
bia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ilie United/ States of America in
Congress assembled, That Joseph Henry, James
0. Hall, Amos Kendall, Thomas Miller, Rich-
ard Wallach, George W. Riggs, Grafton Tyler,
Henry D. Cooke, D. W. Middleton, Charles
Knap, Benjamin B. French, James C. Mc-
Guire, Charles H. Nichols, William B. Todd,
William Gunton, Edward Simms, and Thomas
Young, and their successors in office, are hereby
made, declared, and constituted a corporation
and body-politic, in law and in fact, under the
name and style of the Directors of the General
Hospital of the District of Columbia, and by
that name they shall be, and are hereby, made
capable in law to sue and be sued, to plead
and be impleaded, in any court within the
county of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, to have and use a common seal, and
to alter and amend the same at pleasure; _ to
have, purchase, receive, possess, and enjoy
any estates in lands, tenements, annuities,
goods, chattels, moneys, or effects, and to
grant, demise, and dispose of the same in such
manner as they may deem most for the interest
of the hospital: Frovided, That the annual
income from the same held by such corpora-
tion shall not exceed in value the sum of
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation and body-politic shall have
full power to appoint from their own body a
president, and such other officers as they may
deem necessary for the purposes of their crea-
tion ; and in case of the death, resignation, or
refusal to serve of any of their number, the
remaining members shall elect and appoint
oilier persons in lieu of those whose places may
have been vacated; and the said corporation
shall have full power and all the rights of open-
ing and keeping a hospital in the city of Wash-
ington, for the care of such sick, wounded, and
invalid persons as may place themselves under
the care of said corporation, and the property
held by said corporation shall be devoted ex-
clusively to the purposes of such hospital.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, ihat the
said corporation shall also have and enjoy fall
power and authority to make such by-laws,
rales, and regulations as may be necessary for
the general accomplishment of the objects of
such hospital; Provided, That they be not in-
consistent with the laws in force in the District
of Columbia: And provided- furtherj That this
act shall be liable to be amended, altered, or
repealed at the pleasure of Congress.
Approved, July 27, I860.
Chap. CCLXXX.—An Act in Relation to the
District Courts of the United States in the
States of California and Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the southern judicial
district of the State of California and the west-
ern district of Louisiana shall be, and the same
are hereby, abolished, and hereafter the said'
States shall respectively constitute one judicial
district, and shall respectively be called the
districts of California and Louisiana. The dis-
trict judge, marshal, and' district attorney of
the United States for the northern district of
California and the eastern district of Louisiana
shall respectively possess and exercise the same
powers and jurisdiction in said- district courts
of California and Louisiana as they now pos-
sess and exercise in their respective districts.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
actions, suits, and proceedings, civil or crim-
inal, which shall have been commenced? and
at the time- of the passage of this act shall be
pending in the southern district of California
or the western district of Louisiana, and all
process, orders, judgments, decrees, records,
or other papers or proceedings relating thereto
or filed therein, shall be transferred to the said
district courts of California and Louisiana re-
spectively, which courts shall possess and exer-
oise over such actions, suits, and proceedings,
and the process, orders, judgments, decrees,
records, and other papers ana proceedings so
transferred, the same authority and jurisdiction
as they would have had if such actions, suits,
and proceedings had been commenced in said
courts; and no indictment, writ, process, re-
cognizance, or other proceeding returnable to
or to be heard, tried, or considered in the said
southern district of California or said western
district of Louisiana shall be abated, discon-
tinued, or rendered void by the transfer thereof
as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
clerks of the said southern district of Califor-
nia and the said western district of Louisiana
shall, as soon as practicable after the passage
of this act, deliver toand deposit with the clerks
of the said district courts of California and
Louisiana, respectively, all property, books,
records, documents, and papers remaining in
their respective offices, and the same shall be
received and kept by the said last-mentioned
clerks subject to the order and direction of such
courts respectively.
Seg. 4. And be it further ciiacted, That
executions may be issued out of the said dis-
trict court of California and the said district
court of Louisiana, respectively, to collect
any judgment or decree rendered in the said
southern district of California or said west-
ern district of Louisiana before the passage
of this act with the same effect as the same
might now be issued out of the court in which
such judgment or decree was rendered; and
all process which shall have been issued out
of said district court for the southern district
of California or said western district of Louisi-
ana, and shall not have been returned before
the passage of this act, shall be returned to
and filed with the clerks of the district courts
of California and Louisiana respectively.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
salary of the United States district judge for
the district of Louisiana shall hereafter be four
thousand five hundred dollars per annum.
Approved, July 27, 1800.
Chap. CCLXXXI.—An Aet to- authorize the
Use in Post Offices of Wfeights of the De-
nomination of Grams.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americcuin,
Congress assembled. That the Postmaster Gen-
eral' be, and' he is hereby, authorized' and di-
rected to furnish to the post offices exchanging
mails with foreign countries, and to such other-
offices as he shall think expedient, postal bal-
ances denominated in grams of the metric
system ; and, until otherwise provided by law,
one half ounce avoirdupois shall be deemed
and taken for postal purposes as the equivalent
of fifteen grams of the metric weights, and §o
adopted in progression ; and the rates of post-
age shall be applied accordingly.
Approved, July 27, 186G.
Cixap. CCLXXXII.—An Act to authorize the
Refunding of certain Taxes.
Be it enacted by, the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of 4merica in
Congress assembled, That where the license tax
imposed, upon any wholesale dealer has been
calculated, upon tho amount of such dealer's
sales for tho previous year,, in. accordance
with the terms of the seventy-ninth section,
of au aet appro.vod June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, and it shall be provided
to-t,lie satisfaction of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue that the sales.made uiwler such
license did not equal in amount the sales of
such previous year, it shall be lawful for said
Commissioner to refund to such wholesale
dealer so much of the amount paid for such
license as may be in excess of the proper tax
chargeable upon the amount of sales actually
made under such license during the year for
which the same was issued.
Approved, July 27, 18G6.
Chap. CCLXXXIII.—An Act amendatory of
Section Thirteen of an Act entitled "An Aet
to amend an Act entitled 'An Act to provide
Internal Revenue to support th,e Govern-
ment, to pay Interest on the Public Debt,
and for other purposes,' approved. June 30,
1804," approved March 8, 1865.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the thirteenth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay intereston the
public debt, and for other purposes,' approved
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four," approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, be, and the same is hereby,
amended by striking out the words "without
having first obtained a license so to do," and
inserting in lieu there of the words, "without
paying tho special tax herefor."
Approved, July 27, I860.
Chap. CCLXXXIV.—An Act to amend the
Acts relating to Officers employed in the
Examination of imported Merchandise in
the District of New York, and for other
purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United'Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That in lieu ot the ap-
praisers now authorized by law for the appraise-
ment of goods, wares, and merchandise at the
port of New York, the President of the United
States shall, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, appoint for said port one ap-
praiser, who has had experience as au appraiser,
or who shall be practically acquainted with the
quality and value of some one or more of the
chief articles of importation subjectto appraise-
ment., and who, before he enters upon the duties
of his office, shall take and subscribe an oath
faithfully to direct and supervise the examina-
tion, inspection, and appraisement according
to law, of such goods, wares, and merchandise
