1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
October, in ther,same year, the Government
entered into jj."contract with the JS£tna Works
to consti'uct- an engine upon the same model,
•with the 4ame drawings, to be delivered at the
same tijhe, and for the same sum of money j
$82,0pd. This commission have allowed to
Pu£®y, Jones & Co. for their engines $5,817 38,
aiyf they have allowed to the iBtna Works
for the building of the engines of the Peoria
£61,752 51.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do they state what was
the cause of the difference in the statements?
Mr. GRIMES. -Every man made out his
own statement. One man would put into it
ten per cent, as a claim for the use of his tools;
another would charge us with the tools. Before
I get through I will read an analysis made by
the chief of one of the bureaus of the Navy
Department in order that the Senate may see
how these claims are gotten up.
Fourteen days before the contract was made
with the jEtna Works for the building of the
engines of the Peoria, for the building of which
the contractors are to be allowed $01,752 51,
a contract was made with the Atlantic Works
at Boston for building the engines of the Sas-
sacus and the Osceola. It will be observed by
a reference to the tabic that this board, while
they have allowed to the 2Gtna Works for
building their engines $61,752 51, and have
allowed to the Portland Locomotive Company
$40,433 73 forbuilding engines precisely similar,
the Atlantic Works of Boston have only claimed
and been allowed the sum of $20,513 7-3.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was the contract price
the same? -
Mr. GRIMES. The contract price in each
case was $82,000. I hold in my hand a table
showing the contract price' of each engine built
by the Navy Department within the last five
years, and the contract price for each one of
the hulls, and I have also a statement showing
the extras that have already been paid to the
various contractors for hulls and engines ; and
I suspect the Senate will be somewhat aston-
ished when I tell them that the extras that have
already been paid under the authority of Con-
gress amount to $6,006,772 39.
Mr. JOHNSON. To these claimants?
Mr. GRIMES. To various claimants. Some
of them have been allowed on these contracts,
and these are claims they demand in excess of
the extras that have already been allowed. I
beg leave to read the following statement and
analysis of these cases furnished to me at my
instance from the Navy Department:
MEMORANDA.
Some of the contractors appear to have embraced
in their accounts all the materials they collected,
giving a credit for what remained in their hands,
(pages 8, 60, 61;) others present what they call " cost
prices," and others, again, what they should have as
profit prices."
The enormous disparity in these claims is surpris-
ing, when it is considered that the various classes of
the vessels and the machinery are exactly the same,
and contracted for at about the same time. In the
wooden double-enders, tho claims of the builders of
the hulls vary from $1,015 to $74.12-1; for the machin-
ery for these vessels, the claims vary from $5,817 to
861,752. On the iron double-enders, from $28,974 to
$11;J,513; on the machinery for tho iion-clads, three
of the parties make mo claim, and tho fourth makes a
claim of $35,832; on the iron tugs some parties make
no claim, and others vary from $4,793 to$52,172. On the
harbor and river monitors the claims on each vessel
vary from $71,569 to $276,543. Taking up the classes
of vessels and machinery in the order of the report,
(pages 62, 03, 64,) the first to be considered are the
BOUBLE-EXDEKS—WOtlD HULLS.
The contracts for these vessels were made under a
public advertisement, aswill bo seen on pages 789 and
793 of the documents accompanying the President s
message of the third session of tho 'Ihirty-feeventh
Congress. They were awarded to all at the same
prioe which was that of the offer of the lowest bidder;
some of the parties took two vessels, and several ap-
plications were made for contracts on tho same terms
after the Department had decided not to mcreaso
the number. .
These vessels were all commenced and finished
under the superintendence of the same officers, and
are substantially alike in all respects: and all the
bills for additional or extra work were examined and
certified by the same superintendent, ltear Admiral
Gregory.
The claim of thcbuilders of this class of vessels (the
hulls) is based upon the fact that the engines were
not-placed in them within the stipulated time, and
t&at consequently the parties were unable to com-
39th Cong. 1st Suss.—No. 119.
plete their work and receive " tho several payments
as agreed upon in the contract."
The contracts provide that the vessels shall be
launched anddeliveredtothepartieswho are to erect
the machinery on board, within a specified time, and
that within fifty days thereafter they are to be fully
completed.
Tna contract further states that "in the event of
thesteam machinery not being erected and completed
on board the vessel within the time specified for tho
completion of the vessel, she being in all other re-
spects fully completed, the final payment shall then
be made, withholding only as much as may be neces-
sary to exccute the vyork remaining to be done."
The payments were to be made in six equal parts,
as tho work progressed, with a reservation of twenty
per eent.from each payment: and as the amount of
work specified by.the contract was executed, the bills
for each portion were at once passed by tho superin-
tendent; tho bills for the extra or additional work
were passed as rapidly as they could bo examined
and prepared.
It was estimated by tho superintendent that tho
amount nocc&ory to secure the Government, as to
the work to bo done after tho steam machinery was
completed in the vessel, should bo §5,000; and that
sum only was withheld, the other payments of tho
contract being made on all tho vessels as thoyroaehed
tho stage authorising tho contractors to rooeive thein.
- The only valid claim which can be made by thom
is for the rise in the price of labor during the timo
they were prevented from completing tho work, tho
value of which, including matonals, did not oxcecd
$5,000. They could not have laid out of the money
for they had not expended it. The amount of delay
appears to have been about a year. To fairl> balance
tho matter, should anything bo allowed tho buildors
of the'hulls, an equal amount should bo deducted
from tho builders of the engines, as tho delay arose
wholly with them; and yet they present claims for
losses growing out of this delay.
Tho claim advanced by some for towing their ves-
sels from their work-yards to those of the builders
of the machinery, is without much foundation. Tho
Department could, in fact, have had all tho vessels
constructed in the ports where the steam machinery
waft manufactured; but with a view to encouraging
the ship-building interest of other portions of the
country an additional sum of $500 was oilcred to such
as chose to ac.ccpt the contract with that condition.
If any increase is to be made on account, of this
transportation it should bo extended only to Messrs.
Sampson, Larrab.ce & Allen, and Paul Curtis, as tho
vessels built by these parties only had to be towed
at sea.
With regard to the actual losses of all kinds sus-
tained in the construction of these vessels, it will bo
observed that the contractor for tho Otsego, Mr.
Westervelt, of Now York, makes no claim whatever,
and is understood to be satislicd that he has suffered
no loss; and it will be furthcrnotieed that six respect-
able builders can only make a claim of from $l,000to
$5,000, doubtless after liberally estimating every cause
that could have swelled tho coat, and that, too, on
a contract which amounted to $75,000.
The vessels wore all built on the same plans, from
the same specifications, under the same supei mtoml-
ont, and reductions were only made from the extra
bills when tho parties had charged as extra work that
which was rightly duo under l he contract, or at higher
Erices than the average market rates. When these
ills were properly prepared they were not reduced,
' a fact shown by Mr. Cramp's statement at tho fool oi
page 7.
MACHINERY l'OR THE WOODEN DOUBLE-ENDERS.
Thestateinent ofthecontraets for the machinery of
these vessels will befoundonpagc 971offchcKeportof
the Navy Department accompanying the President's
mobsage for tho first session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress.
It will be perceived that one ground on which these
extra claims are made to rest by somo of tho parties,
is that tho actual weight exceeded tho estimated
weight. One party (page 34) makes the excess to be
thirty-three and one third per cent., and another
party (page 17) states it to have been seventy-live per
cent.; and yet both these parties built exactly the
same machinery.
The machinery for these vessels was identical in all,
and on the general plan oi that of the Paul Jones, as
the parties state. It was not possible to have the large
number of drawings that weio necessary made at
once; but the specifications were printed, and in the
hands of all the interested parties. These specifica-
tions gave tho dimensions ot every part, and described
the kind of material and manner in which the woik
was to bo done; they wcro attached to every contract,
«o that the contractors before executing them knew
precisely what thoy had to perform.
The dimensions of the machinery w<*re somewhat
larger than those of the machinery of the Paul Jones
class, and the price was ^82,000 instead of$50,0U0 paid
per vessel of that class.
One of the contractsof the party who claims an error
of seventy-five percent, wasdated more than a month
after, and hie sccond contiact two months after the
Department had awarded J hem to several other par-
ties, all known to him, and from whom he could have
ascertained what he was undertaking to do. The
contractor for tho machinoiy of the Iosco skid Mas-
sasoit, who, on page 15, leads off the claims on this
machinery, omitted to mention this extra weight in
his first statement, but subsequently introduced it,
(page 4-2.)
Taking another example, that of the maehineryof
the Peoria, (page 20,) it will be seen that this-eon (raufc
was taken two and a half mouths after tho others
were awarded. This party, in addition to the claim
for extra weight, states that the poor iron housed
caused tho condemnation of much work, and the
workmanship was required to be superior to what he
had intended to give, causing him much delay- To
what extent this ha$ been entered-in his hooka may
be surmised from his extra charge being $62,538 46 on
a contract of $82,000. . i
Some of these parties charge interest and the cost
of collecting these bills, (page 21,) and others charge
ten per cenfc.«for general expenses pf shop, (page-25.)
It is perceived on p&go 15, that Messrs. liazle-
hurst «& Co,, who constructtsd the machinery for tho
Eutaw, have no claim to make; and on page 44,
Messrs. Morris & Co., who built the machinery for tho
Tacony, state that the amountreooived from the Gov-
ernment was more than the actual cost; and they
mako no allusion whatever to iTws of time, or extra
weight.
The contractors for the machinery of tho Wyalu-
sing and Mingoe, Messrs. Pusey, Jones k Co., only
claim a loss of $5,817 30 on each vessel, though their
facilities for executing this work are much less than
thoso of all tho other parties; and they distinctly
slate, on page 24, that this excess did not arise from
any increase in the price of material, as they pur-
chased that when thoy made tho contract.
Wo have hero two respectable parties stating that
they havo guttered no loss, and another that their lose
only amounts to,$5,817. Aftor thom the claims rur
from $20,331, to $22,380, to $25,110; to $29,789, to $30,617
to $33,3&, to $40,433, to #44,01'}, and to S01,752, eact
on a contract of only &S2.000.
This machinery was to have been completed in
from five and a half to eighx months from date of
contract, llad tho contractor performed this guar-
antee, it is deemed that thoy would havo lost but
little, if anything, from increase of prices either in
labor or materials.
IRON DOUBLE-ENDERS--HULLS AND MACHINKRY.
The next class of vessels is tho iron double-enders,
embracing the hull and machinery.
Tho contracts for the vessels of this class will be
found on pages 909 and 972 of the Report of thp Navy
Department accompanying the President's message
for the first tsession of tho Thirty-Eighth Congress.
They are first named on r age 11 of tho report. Tho
Watoree is a similar vessel to the Suwanoo and fcSha-
inokin, but about sixty tons less in tonne,go. Tho
extra chargo on the smallest vessel is $34,10103; that
on tho Shamokin is given as $33,092 07, and on tho
Suwanco at$28,97418.
These vessels appear to have all been in construc-
tion at tho sauio time, and from seven to eight tenths
of tho "extra cost is charged to steam machinery. This
machinery is tho same as in tho wooden doublc-ond-
ors, and the claim is similar in tho one case as in tho
other. The work additional to the contract was paid
for when the bills weio presented to the superintend-
ent and certified by him.
Tho extra claims vary from $28,974, to #33,092, to
£03,715, to £82,400, to &11<V)43. The leports lrom tho
commander of tho Mohongo represent her wood-
work as being very inferior.
WOODEN IRON-CLAD!}—STEAM MACHINERY.
The statement of these contracts will bo found on
pago 972 of tho documents accompanying the Presi-
dent's message for tho first session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress.
It will bo noticed that the contract price for the
maehinery of the Miantonomoh, on which alone a
claim is made, is from $28,000 to $'50,000 inoic than
lor the other vessels o ft his class. On page 20 Messrs.
Meriiek state thattboy make no claim for additional
compensation for identically similar machinery in
the Tonawanda; nor do Messis. Morris & Co. mako
any claim for the machinery of tho Monadnock and
Agamenticus, the same class of vessels and machinery
of the same power. On page 51 will be found astate-
mcnt by the inspecting engineer that the work ou
the Miantonomoh was not prosecuted with all the
ability and zeal in the power of the contractor.
IRON TUG-BOATS—HULLS AND MACHINERY.
The statement of the contracts for these vessels
will bo found on page 1092 of the Itoport of the Navy
Department accompanying tho President's message
for the second session ol the Thirty-Kighth Congress.
Ltwillbcseon from that statement that W. Perine,
who claims'$l8,5S0 98 on tho Maria lceeived on his
contract £0,000 more than Pusey, Jones U, Co.. who,
on page 21. claim only an additional allowance of
$4,793 38.
The Triana, on which Mr. Perine claims $52,472 81,
is an identical vessel with the Pmta and Nina, nud
at the same contract price; on which vessels Mcssis.
Iteaney &Co., on page 12, state that they have no addi-
tional claim to mako. The statement that one party
has no claim to make, while another prefers a claim
of $52,472, on a contiact of &12K,000 foi an identical
vessel, requires no additional comment.
IRON-CLAD PROPELLERS MILWAUKEE AND WINXKB VOO
—HULL AND MACHINERY.
That statement of the contracl for these vessels is
found on page T'.Kjoi the Keport of the NavyDepart-
mcnt acompany the President's message for the third
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
The contract price for these vessels was $313,000
each, being $020,000 for the two vessels. The con-
tractors, on pages (K) and 01, state that they had re-
ceived from the Government the sum of $751,940 84,
but there has been a further pavmentof £24,000 on
these vessels which does not appear to have been
noted, making in all $775,940 84, from which it appears
that tho sum of $149,910 81 has boon paid for additional
work, and the claim is thus reduced to $35,018 01, for
the two vessels. This claim is solely on the ground
of the "depreciation of the national eun cney," w Inch,
if allowed, applies eg ua ily to all the contracts made by
all the Departments of the Government
THE IRON (iRON-CLAT) TURRET) VESSEL OXOXTMOA.
The statement of the contract for this vessel will
be found on page 794 of the lie port of the Navy
