THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
relied upon. An examination of the facts in this j
case shows that a number of Richard's friends,
as he alleges, were deterred from voting by
reason of the interference of the deputy sheriff
and constables in the city of Detroit, under pre-
tense of keeping the peace, and b}* that means
lie was prevented receiving a majority of the :
votes. There were three candidates, one, Wing,
receiving 728 votes, another, Biddle, 732, and
Richard 722. He did not pretend he had a
majority, but that he would have had if it had
not been for the interference of the officers.
In their report the committee say:
" They are of the opinion that the duty assigned to
them, does not impose on them an examination of the
causes which may have prevented any candidatefrom
getting a sufficient number of votes to entitle him to
a seat. They consider that it is only required of them
to ascertain who had the greatest number of.legal
votes actually given at the election. An election is
the act of selecting, on the part of the electors, aperson
for an office of trust."
No one can dispute the principle contained in
this report j but where is its applicability to the
present case? Because a row occurred ai an
election precinct, and voters were frightened
away, and a committee believe they cannot go
behind the election returns and inquire how
men ."would have voted, but determine the ease
upon those actually given and so place that
fact upon record, therefore, an argument is
attempted to be adduced that votes cast in the
southern States for a Michigan Congressman,
in delianee of her constitution, if'those voting
would have been electors if at their homes
in that State, are to be held valid. In the
case cited, the committee distinctly say one of
their duties is to ascertain who had the great-
est number of ''legal votes." In my case I am
insisting that the soldiers' votes were not legal.
If those electors were at the polls and had re-
frained from, voting, they would none the less
have been citizens and electors, and it is claimed
that the soldiers who voted were electors of
Michigan. Grant it. The members of this
House are electors at their several places of resi-
dence, and if an election should take place dur-
ing the session of Congress, they would none
the less be electors, but on account of their ab-
sence from the polls they could not exercise
the right conferred upon them. They neither
gain nor lose a residence by their position ; but
while absent from their ''town or ward?J the
exercise of the right is in abcyancc. Scarccly
an election has ever been held in any precinct
but that some citizens, qualified voters therein,
have been prevented by fortuitous circumstances
the exercise of one of the greatest privileges
conferred upon man. No valid argument can
be gleaned from such an authority as this, ad-
verse to the justice of my claim to a seat. It
was well said by the court in Pennsylvania in
the case of Chase vs. Miller :
"The learned judge deprecates a construction that
shall disfranchise our soldiers. Itstrikes us that this
is an inaccurate use of language. The constitution
would disfranchise no qualified voter; but to secure
purity of election, it would have its voters in the
place where they are best known on election day. If
a voter voluntarily stays at home or goe3 a journey,
or joins the army of his country, can it be said that
the constitution has disfranchised him ? Foufof the
judges of this court, living in other parts of the State,
find themselves on the day of every presidential elec-
tion in the city of Pittsburg, where their official du-
ties take ther.i, and where they are not permitted to
vote. Ilavc they a right to charge the constitution
with di>frpnchi&ing them? Is not the truth rather
this, that they have voluntarily assumed duties that
are inconsistent with tlie right of suffrage for the time
being? buch is our case, and such i.-^ the ca«e with
the volunteers in the Army. The light of suffrage is
carefully preserved for both them and us, to be en-
joyed when we return to the places which the consti-
tution has appointed for its exorcise. It is forcing a
gratuitous assumption upon the constitution to treat
it as intending that the volunteer in the public sel>
vieeshaH carry his elective franchise with him where
ever his duties require him to go."
A decision of the supreme court of Michi-
gan, made at a recent term, involving the con-
stitutionality of a law passed at the session of
18G5, has also been referred to. The majority
that passed one of the acts of that session was
made up of several of the individuals who were
elected by the votes of the soldiers, and who
were admitted to seats iu that body. The valid-
ity of that law was subsequently attacked for I
various reasons, and among them, one of the
points was, that without the votes of those mem-
bers elected by those cast beyond the State, the
act would have been defeated. The court held,
and very properly too, that they could not go
back of the act for the purpose of examining
into the qualifications of the members. The
law books are full of case3 justifying this doc-
trine, and, sir, it would be the height of folly
to have any other rule prevail. The validity of
the acts of those who assume to perform the
functions of an office under a ''color*' of au-
thority for the holding the same, are facts too
well known to every legal gentleman in this
House for me to waste time in their discussion.
While alegislativebody is made a u judge" ofthe
qualifications of its members, and whether from
mistake, ignorance, or corruption, asinthe case
I shall show, of Michigan, there is no power to
go behind their acts and review their proceed-
inSs-
The action of the Michigan Legislature has
also been adduced in behalf of my competitor,
as affording a reason why tins body should
retain him in the seat. In the Michigan con-
stitution is found the same provision that is con-
tained in every one. I believe, in this country:
"That each House may^judgoof the qualifications,
elections, and returns of its members;''
and that they construe as affording them the
largest liberty for action in the premises. While
I would not abridge any ofthe legitimate powers
that a legislative body ought to possess, I con-
tend the members are just as much bound by
rules and established precedents as is a court
of justice. Preferring to the Federal Constitu-
tion, Judge Kent (1 Commentaries, 252,) says:
"Each House is made the sole judge of the flection,
returns, and qualifications of it-j members. The same
power is vested m tbc British Ilouseot Commons, and
in the Legislatures of the several State?; and there is
no other body known to the Constitution to which
such a power might safely be trusted. It is requisite
to preserve a pure and genuine representation, and
to control the evils of irregular, corrupt, and tumult-
uous elections: and, as each House acts in those cases
in ajudicial character, its decisions ought to be regu-
lated by known principles of law, and strictly adhered
to for the sake of uniformity and certainty."
This is only a repetition of established law
upon this subject; and to suit their own pur-
poses a construction was given it by the Legis-
lature of Michigan most unwarrantable and
reprehensible. Before commenting upon that
action, I will give a brief history of this law.
It was first agitated during the session of 18GB,
and the proper committee ofthe House reported
adversely to it. They say—
"There is no power in Michigan that can authorize
the opening ol election polls in any regiment, battal-
ion, or company of Michigan soldiers while in the
service of the General Government outside of the
State,"
And after exhausting the subject of its un-
constitutionality, they close by saying—
" Your committee believe the passage of this bill
would be unconstitutional as well as impracticable."
The bill failed, and passed over to the ses-
sion of 180-1, at which time, after much oppo-
sition; for the reason stated, it became a law.
When the Legislature convened in 18G5, ten
members of the House and four of the Senate
presented themselves as having been elected
by the soldiers' vote, in accordance with its
provisions. This was prior to the decision of
the supreme court of Michigan. A few of the
seats of those persons were contested in each
House, but those having a majority of all the
votes were admitted.
A few weeks after this the law was pro-
nounced unconstitutional, and then all those
elected by the home vote appeared and claimed
their seats. The committee of the Senate to
whom the matter was referred reported unani-
mously in favor of abiding by the decision of
the court, and admitting the contestants. In
-their able report, giving their own as well as
the opinion entertained upon this subject by
all law-abiding people, they say:
" The contestants allegethatthevotescastby virtue
of that act are illegal, and rest their claims upon
that point alono, and support their position by re-
ferring to a decision of the supremo court of our State
pronouncing that act unconstitutional, and the rotes
cast under it void. If the decision is correct it should
at once put an end to the controversy, for no man
can acquire office by means of illegal votes." * *
* * "But the decision of our highest judicial
tribunal as to the validity of the soldiers5 suffrage
law has been made, not at the instance of the court,
but in the performance of aduty imposed by the con-
stitution." * * * *" " The decision has be-
comotheruleof action, bywhich, by the requirements
ofthe constitution, the people, the Executive, and
the judiciary itself are to be guided." * * ■■■ *
"But in the judgment of your committee, the peti-
tioners, whose names appear below, are entitled to the
seats in question."
Yet, notwithstanding this unanimous report
of the committee, by a tie vote in each case,
three of the modest Senators voting each time,
as it were, in his own case, the decision of the
court was ignored.
In the House, a majority of the committee
reported in favor of treating the decision as a
nullity, basing that action principally upon the
fact that that body had, at the commencement
of the session, acted upon and adjudicated the
question, and that they would not rcconsiderit.
That I may do no injustice to their report, and
to show the action of the Legislature can have
no infhience in my case, I will oiler a few ex-
tracts :
"At the commencement of the present session it
appeared by some oi'theecrtificatcshcld by members,
and petitions picscnted by contestants claiming scats,
that the only grounds on which seals were contested
was, that tho law authorizing soldiers to vote when
personally absent from the township in which they
resided had been enacted by the Legislature in vio-
la. *on of the constitution of this State. This "was the
direct question and only question presented for tho
House to pass upon.
"This* House, in its judgment and decision, passed
fully upon that question, anddidjudiciaJjj determine
and dcclaie that said law, entitled 'An act to enable
the qualified elector.-- oi this State, in the military ser-
vice, to vote at certain election?,' cce., wa^ a valid
law, and that the same was not a violation of the con-
stitution. Under and by virtue ot said judgment and
decision, the rights oi membership bcuiine vested in
all those whose elections depended upon the votes cast
under and by virtue ot said law. And in the opinion
of your committee the question ha^ become res adju-
dlcata, and should be adhered to by this legislative
body with even more tenacity than U exhibited by
courts of law in adhering to their judicial judgments
and determinations." * ^ •"* * " x *
"Prior to the decision of the supreme court, this
House had decided that the soldiers' vote should bo
permitted to take effect in four several cases.
" W e neither offer to nor accept any challenge from
them which may lead to a co'niiiot. Oar judgment
must control as to the election of our members: their
judgment by the law of the land will control the ac-
tion of all the inferior courts, the executive officers of
the State, and the people in all the private walks of
life. The effect of their judgment will be that no
election can again be held under the In w in question,
because the officers who carry on the machinery of au
election are properly under the control, and must yield
their judgment to that of the couits." '• * *
"But, believing the question t<> have been here-
tofore settled, finally adjudicated, thej- have directed
their chairman to report theseveral petitions and ac-
companying? documents, with the following preamble
and resolutions, the resolutions being numberedirom
one to ten, inclusive:
"Whereas by the constitution of Michigan, the ju-
dicial power and authority lo \iudg>> of quantitations,
election, and return of mcmbeis are vested in each
House of the Legislature; and whereas at ike com-
mencement of this session, in judging <>f the election
ot members, whose right to sent^ in this Housf de-
pended upon the legality and validity oi the ;-o!dicrs'
vote under the act entitled 'An act to enable the qual-
ified electors of this State,in the military r-crvice, to
vote at certain elections/ kc.. it was th m judicially
declared by this House, that said votei should be re-
garded in determining the question of election, upon
which determination and deei-'ion members were ad-
mitted to scats on this iloor: Theiefore,
Resolved, That in the opinion and judgment of
this House, it would be a dangeious and unjustifiable
exercise of power on tbc part of this body to revoke
and set aside said determination and decision, and
thereby eject from this House such members as may
i hold their .*eats by virtue of the soldiers' votes, cast
I in pursuance of the act above recited."
1 From the foregoing it appears they treated
I tho whole subject as res adjudicata, and that
! it would be a dangerous proceeding for them
! to interfere with and review their acts. I have
| little comment to make at this time concerning
i this action of the Michigan Legislature. It has
! become a part of the history of our State.
! Suffice it to say, that the principle then estab-
' lished, if persisted in and accepted as a prece-
| dent in the future, would unsettle every equi-
table rule of action that ought to obtain in legis-
lative bodies, and bring them, as it did that
! Legislature, into utter contempt. Though that
