1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Legislature was three fourths Republican their
action was not sustained by (he parly press in
the State, and their leading paper even charged
them with ''lax morals-' and dishonorable
motives in admitting those members:
Extract fromthc Dctwit Adurrtinn- and Tributir, Feb-
rvnnj, 1863.
"Wc suppose, however, that the time tor argument
and appeal ;<re both passed, ctnd that lax morals and
rec!:U\^< partisan k-.ulcrtfhip have placed Ihe Legris- i
lature, even v/hil? wenow write, in {in irretrievably i
fahje position. If so, it is a matter of proud eon- j
scioutnie«s that the Republican masse.- arc uncontam-
inated. They willnabmitto the decision of the highest ]
court of the State and repudiate the men who defy •
it. E\eiy member of the Legislature who votes to t
defy the dc-'-i-ion of the supreme couit thereby digs <
his political <;rave and rets up hu> tombstone. He :
may take a Ion-.? farewell of all his ambitions. The ;
people couhl joifrivc hi^ error and infatuation, were 1
it not that so infirm a judgment and ieeble it moral .
scnsii must ever render his elevation a public danger, i
We inaK') no menace <>i loijcc no malediction, but :
claim to sr>oak in the voice of prophecy that which |
is inevitable." J
A distinction lias also been made between j
the power of ihe people in forming a State con- i
stitutlon and that of the Legislature created by j
it; dcrivingits authority from ihs provision?, find I
aotin.fr under it. It is asserted that the Lcgisla- 1
tui-p have full authority, derived from the Fed- .
eral Constitution, irrespective and in defiance of j
the provisions or limitations in a State conslitu- j
tion. to fix the place of voting where they please, j
and that the people, in their organic law. can- ;
not make that place'' of voting a qualification ;
without, infrin^in,2" the Federal Constitution. To j
sustain this theory no adjudicated authority can :
be found, and i lie only reference of any weight !
is in one of the sections of Story, in which he !
is merely giving the language of the Federal i
Constitution. Taking his whole chapter, the j
true meaning is. thut what was intended in giv- |
ing the State Legislature power to fix the time ;
and u place, "was simply conferring it upon '
. the law-making power of a. State, ia rcfeiring ;
to qualifications. Story says: ]
"Upon this clause, which was possibly adopted by !
aunantiiou- vote, the Federal it-1 hu^ > emark'Mt, 'the
provision made by the Convention appears to be the ,
best that lay within their option. It mu^t bojati*- !
factory to every ytate, because ithicoafoiiuablu to tlje ,
standard rlrcadv established by tiie State itself. It
will be pafo to the United States because, being fixed :
by the State constitutions, it is not alterable by the j
State government, and it cannot be feared that the j
people at the Slates will alter this part ot their con- |
stitutlon. in such a manner as to abridge their rights, ,
secured to them by the Federal Constitution.' j
tion 5CG. |
This extract 1 give to show both the opinion 1
of Judge Story and the authors of the Federal- j
ist, that I his whole power of defining !l qualiti- j
cations''m to be left in the care of the people i
of the States, to he incorporated in their organic j
lav,-, and to he beyond the reach of their Legis- j
latures. This extract must also be taken in j
connection with what- is paid, in the subsequent I
section a'-, to the Legislatures controlling the j
time and places of elections. In a note refer- j
eney is made to the fact '• that though in New p
England the vo'erx generally givo._ their rotes j
in the townships where i hey reside, in the south- !
em and western States there are few towns and j
the elections are held m counties," &c. I deem ;
this unanswerable in giving a true meaning to ;
the text, and that it was never intended to make j
a mere Legislature above the people, and allow
power to be exercised for the election ol a Hep- i
resentative in Congress Sh.it they were debarrt d :
from using for all other purposes.
To fan her sustain this opinion. I cite Curtis
on the Constitution. -00:
" If the iisht of votins for any cla-« of Federal ofli-
ccr< wei e to be in e.>"h ^tare the ciune ac that given 1
hy th>* Stato laws f<ir f0 election ot any elas* of btiito
otueei--, it was quite c^mml that the States should
sin reader I n tllolieuinai Government f lie power to de-
termine a-; to p^r.^nis of toreicui hath." "r ('
"The commutes ot detail, alter a.re\iowoi fin
thr^'e considerations, presented a st-heme that was well
iuL'pird to meet the ■ LfFieufties of the 1
po^edtlvit the same poisons who hy the >.'uvs 01 tae
several States weie admitted to vote for members ot
the most numerous huuieh ot their own Lo^,,-,<itures
■should I: \-t- j a.1 ii%'.jv to vole I'M' the Xtepi ! !
inCoMiries-s." ■ * ' . " li'tlientfetefateeon-
stituiions wojiI 1 refrain fi otu iiano-:in'j en the electors
a niorcriv qaalUieaiion tor the voty pus po-eot meluu-
inp:il to whom the Slates might toiu'ede the rulu 01
voting wiiiun iheir respeelivc linaits," &c.
This all proves conclusively that it was the
intention of the framers of the. Federal Consti-
tution thai the entire subject of elections and
qualifications be remitted to the control of the
people of the several States, to be exercised by
them as their judgment should dictate, and if
they placed any restrictions, conditions, or
qualifications in their constitutions, the Legis-
lature was debarred from removing them.
As early as 1311 a case was decided in the
supreme court of Massachusetts involving this
question of qualifications. In the opinion of
the court, given by Chief Justice Parker, is the
following:
" But the qualifications of electors arc settled hy the
constitutions of the United States and of this Oorn-
monveatth, and there 110 power, )vhi!e those con-
stitutions lemain, to add to 01 diminish troiu those
quaMieation?'.
"By the Constitution of the United States, the
electors of a Representative in Congress are to have
the quaiitieatioiis requisite for electors of the most
numerous br.mch of the State Legislature; and hy
the constitution of this State, one of the qualifications
for an elector of a. Representative is a residence in
the town where he £,'iyes his vote for the space of one
V'jar next preceding an election."—11 Masvackuseili,
4.3.
And in the case already cited from Pennsyl-
vania, o V/ritjht, -1-1, the court in giving the
opinion said:
"Th"co h'givlative regulation^ of resilenee are in
accordance with that interpretation of the Constitu-
tion; d'-c^tedabove, and show clearly how essentially
the piace. of voting lias enteied into the qualifica-
tions oi >iiiii asc.'J
Such has always been the doctrine, and no
court, nor any legislative body, has prior to this I
attempted to distinguish between a "qualifica- j
tion," a "condition,"or a " requisite" of voting j
uuiil it became essential to prevent, my obtain- j
ins;'the seat to which I am justly entitled. The '
hederal and State Constitutions have been taken j
and construed together as one. !
Another reply to the theory assumed is, that '
for three fourths of a century (luring which our j
<Jo\ ernmenf has existed under the Constitution, j
no attempt has been made bv any State Legis- |
lature, J. believe, to make a distinction between |
the two classes of electors. It has always been I
held that a man, debarred from any cause
from \oling for one, conhi not vole for the j
other. Ami while this question of permitting !
soldiers to vote in the held has been agitated, i
no distinction has been made in a:ij JState so j
far as i can learn between these two classes, j
Many of tiie courts of the various Slates have 1
held these laws uneon.^ututional; sometimes!
a veto has intervened to arrest them, but no ;
ingenuity, until my case atose. has tortured
this proxision uf the Federal Constitution into |
making a distinction so that an elector could !
vote for a Congressman and not for a Slate 1
oHicer. |
Permit me to suggest that if a distinction is '
to be made, ought it not to be in a law specially ]
adapted to the purpo.-.e? Tiie Michigan law j
wasSiot passed merely to enable soldiers to vote ;
for Representatives in Congress, but it was a \
general election law for all State, county, and t
district officers, with no reference in it to a j
Congressman, except in giving the manner of !
making the returns, it was not passed by the :
" Legislature,'' as defined in the theory of my 1
opponents, but by the law-making^ power of
the State—the Senate, the House, with the ap- |
proval of the Governor: the latter requirement
indispensable to make it a law in Michigan, but .
ir seems, not within the purview of the Federal ;
Constitution. J
[f that Constitution is to govern in a case [
passage of this law? It either was or was not.
necessary. If the former, the law is not such
as is contemplated by the Federal Constitution,
and the State constitution must conl rol. _ If the
latter, as the law was only a State affair, inci-
dentally refcrringto Congressmen, and impossi-
ble to be enforced except through the interven-
tion of Stat e laws and State authorities, therefore
I again lepeat, it was not such as was contem-
plated by the Federal Constitution. Take either
horn of the dilemma, and your law fails.
There is another question connected with
this law to which I will call your attention. By
the adverse decision of the supreme court of
Mieliigan, it, for any purpose, is no authority.
The report of the House committee, which I
have already quoted, referring to it, contains,
the following:
_" The effect of their .iudsrmetit wilt be that no elec-
tion ean again he held under the law ill question, be-
cause the officers who carry oil ihe machinery of an
election ate properly under the control and must
yield their judgment to that of the courts."
The author of this has just been confirmed
as a United States district, attorney, and lie is a
lawyer of some eminence in western Michigan.
Admit Mr, Trowbridge, and your action will
present this anomalous feature: a member is
received under a law continuing unrepealed,
but by the circumstances surrounding it no
subsequent votes can again be cast for another
member of this House. It is not for me to
unravel this web or remedy ihe difficulty; I
take the law and the fact us tiie record presents
them.
Many other nice distinctions and discrimina-
tions are urged in opposition to my claim. My
experience in life has taught me that no legal
or constitutional question has yet arisen but
that it has found advocates for the most whim-
sical, fantastic, and forced construction. Un-
fortunately for me, a partisan political question
has become involved with the facts in this case;
and though individuals may honestly labor to
rid themselves of its deleterious influence in
adjudicating the matter, yet we all know the
potency of preconceived ideas, and the murky
atmosphere with which every object is sur-
rounded that is examined while under their in-
fluence. I cannot follow all these refinements
through their various ramifications. Suffice it
to say, where there is a will there is a way, and
an ingenious, inquisitive person, if inclined, ean
always satisfy himself in giving the most sophis-
tical of reasons in justification of his action in
any given case. 1 care not what effect snch
reasoning may have upon this House, or how
prejudicial to my cause it may be, in my opin-
ion I believe no sufficient reason has been or
can be presented why my opponent should be
entitled to retain his seat.
Having fully examined the various objections,
1 will now call your attention to a few adjudi-
cated cases.
The question immediately involved in the
present case has before this been twice before
Congress, and in both cases decided in accord-
ance with the principles for which I am eon-
tending. I believe those decisions were strictly
correct, and that none other could have been
made consonant with the int entions of the fram-
ers of our Government. The same general idea
that the State constitutions were paramount in
prescribing the place of holding an election per-
vades and controls in election cases extending
back over fifty years. It is a well-established
maxim inlawthat. "principles should govern,"
and that State courts should construe and con-
trol State constitutions. 'The Michigan State
court has construed the State constitution and
rejected the votes such as were cast against me.
I will cite and comment upon the following
cases to show the rule that this body has here-
tofore followed.
In Farlee r.t. flunk, arising in 1844, in the
Twenty-.Ninth Congress, it appeared that by
counting certain votes cast by students at
Princeton, Mr. Itnnk had a majority. A law of
New Jeisey was passed March 13, 184-1, pro-
hibiting students from voting except at their
place of residence.
During the same year a new constitution was
adopted, and in the article on suffrage were
provisions more, liberal than those contained in
the statutes. This constitution went into effect
September 2. 1844, and in the November fol-
lowing an election was held, and the students
of that institution voted, and Mr. B.nnk received
sixteen majority. Here was a direct conflict
between the law of the Legislature of March,
