2852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to Fort
Smith and the Mississippi river, approved
February 9, 1S53."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The hill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 285) granting lands to the State of Kan-
sas to aid in the construction of the Kansas
and Neosho Valley railroad and its extension
to Red river.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to ask the Sen-
ator from Missouri if he desires to take upthat
bill in the absence of the Senator from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Laxe,] who, I understand, is opposed
to the bill. I do not know why that Senator
is absent this morning, but I suppose he will
be here during the day. I have no desire on
my own part to postpone the consideration of
the bill any further; but it seems to me that
it ought not to be taken up when the Senator
from Kansas is out of his seat—I presume
necessarily so.
Mr. HENDERSON. One of the Senators
from Kansas is present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the Senator from
Kansas who is absent is opposed to the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume my colleague
will be in before we complete the reading of
the bill. He is in town, and I know of no
reason why he is not here. I presume that if
wo take up the bill he will bo here before its
reading is completed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I happen to have re-
ceived a note from the Senator from Kansas,
not in regard to this bill but with reference to
another matter, in which he stated that he
should bo necessarily detained from the Sen-
ate to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. I know of no reason why
we should not proceed to the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is n question for the
Senator from Missouri and other Senators to
consider whether when a Senator from the
State where the grant is proposed to be made,
who is opposed to the bill, is absent, we ought
to take it up in his absence. I think not.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 know very little of the
merits of the bill which it is proposed to take
up now; but as the Senator from Kansas is
not in his seat at present I hope it will not be
taken tip, but that instead of it we shall take
up House bill No. 11, relating to commerce
between the States.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise simply for the
purpose of withdrawing my motion and giving
a notice to the Senate. This is the third time
this bill has been called up. It is really a
matter of very little consequence: it simply
involves perhaps the grant of five or six or
seven thousand acres of land in the State of
Kansas. Beyond that I think it cannot inter-
fere with anybody's rights. I do not know
that it interferes with anybody's rights in that
respect. It is nothing more than a usual and
ordinary land grant. This is the third time I
have attempted to get the bill up, and some-
thing comes in the way ail the time. I now
give notice that I shall, after to-morrow, call
the bill up no matter who is present or who is
absent, and ask that the Senate vote upon the
proposition.
Mr'. SUMNER. I understand the Senator
from Missouri to withdraw his motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; I withdraw
it for the picaent.
messagu i-'kqm the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPiteiison, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had disa-
greed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. 11. No. 363) supplementary to the sev-
eral acts relating to pensions, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, arid had appointed Mr. Sidxcy Pek-
iiam of Maine, Mr. George V. Lawrence of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Nelson Taylor of
New York managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 5G8) to repeal section twenty-three of
chapter seventy-nine of the acts of the third
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, relat-
ing to passports.
Themessage also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had appointed
Mr. S. E. Axcoxa, of Penns37lvania, as one of
the managers at the conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. II. No. 8o) for the disposal of the public
lands for homestead actual settlement in the
States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Florida, in place of Mr. Adam
J. Gjlossisuenxek, who has been excused from
serving at said conference.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 602) to equalize the boun-
ties of soldiers, sailors, and marines who served
in the late war for the LTnion ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 113) making
an appropriation for the repair of the Potomac
bridge.
* enrolled hill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 568) to repeal section
twenty-three of chapter seventy-nine of the acts
of the third session of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
inter-state intercourse.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to take up
House bill No. 11.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 11) to
facilitate commercial, postal, and military com-
munication among the several States, the ques-
tion being on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Cceiweix. to add the following as an additional
section to the bill :
Andheiifurthercnacted, That Congress may at any
time alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. SUMNER. I would simply remark
that that amendment is entirely superfluous.
Congress can do what is there proposed atany
time. I do not see any use in adding the words.
Mr. MORRILL, that depends very much.
I believe, upon questions which may arise
before the courts. It has been pretty well set-
tled in this country that there are certain
rights which inhere in corporations, that can-
not be repealed unless the power to do so is
I reserved.
| Mr. CHANDLER. This bill is general in its
character ; there are no specilie rights granted
to any one corporation over others. The power
which this amendment proposes to reserve is
evidently contained in the original bill. I
would rather take the bill as it is, and I pre-
fer that the amendment should not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected ; there being,
on a division—ayes 1!?, noes 13.
Mr. MORRILL. I feel under a sort of ob-
ligation to pay a passing compliment to this
bill. I once had some thoughts collected on
this subject on one or two points, but they
have pretty much passed out of my mind at
the present moment, and I am rather appre-
hensive that I shall not be able to recall them
at this time in a way at all satisfactory or in-
structive to the Senate : but it is a matter of
quite too much importance to be allowed to go
by default. I am not going to speak against
time, and I do not propose to make a very
discursive speech. I propose only to reply
to two or three propositions which were stated
on a former occasion on the other side of the
Chamber.
The honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] when this question was up the other
day denominated it a very simple proposition,
by which I suppose he meant to convey to us
the idea that it was an unmixed and plain
proposition, one that was uncompoutided with
other questions. I believe he thought it so
plain, so simple, so unmixed, and clear that
even the great power and ingenuity of the
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] ''to make the worse appear the better
reason" could not obscure it.
Now, sir, what is the proposition so charac-
terized by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan? We all know what the bill is. The bill,
in its comprehension and sweep, asserts that
the Government of the United States may au-
thorize the railroads in the several States to
make connections with each other, without re-
gard to the terms of their charters and without
regard to the laws and constitutions of the sev-
eral States. That is the general proposition ;
but the proposition which the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan maintains is so clear and
explicit that no sophistry of argumentation can
obscure it. It is simply the proposition that
the Government of the United States has the
exclusive power to regulate foreign commerce
and commerce among the States. I do not
mean to misstate the honorable Senator. I
understand that to be his proposition, that it
is clear beyond cavil and beyond controversy
that the Government of the United States
has the exclusive right to regulate foreign
commerce and commerce among the States.
I do not deny that proposition. I think that
is clear and conclusive. The very statement
of it carries conviction. Nobody denies it on
this side of the Chamber that I know of. But
is that all there is in this case ? Does the
honorable Senator mean to say that when he
has declared that proposition to be a clear one
he has argued his case and is entitled to a
verdict? Is there no other question of com-
merce than foreign commerce and commerce
among the States? When the honorable Sen-
ator has made that declaration and asserted
that proposition he has not reached this case
at all. He has argued it, to be sure, very
adroitly; he has shown that he understands the
skill of the profession which he ornaments ;
but he has not begun to approach this case.
This bill has nothing to do with foreign com-
merce. and I suggest to the honorable Senator
that it has very little to do with commerce
among the States.
The great distinction for which I contend,
and which the Senator on the former occasion
did not touch, nay, did not approach, is this:
while I concede that the jurisdiction of the
United States is exclusive and supreme over
foreign commerce and commerce among the
States, there is a commerce which is internal,
which is domestic, and which is exclusively
within the power of the States. That is the
proposition to which I invite the attention of
the honorable Senator and to which I eom-
mend him. This bill invades that commerce,
and therefore I oppose it. The honorable
Senator will find in the history of the legisla-
tion of this country, in the history of the Con-
stitution, in its interpretation by the wise men
who inaugurated it,aud in its interpretation by
the courts, that the distinction which I insist,
upon has been recognized in every department
of the Government; that there is a commerce
foreign and among the States, and there is a
commerce of the States and in the States which
is peculiar to the States and with which the
Government of the United States lias nothing
to do, and upon which it cannot trench. That
is the doctrine. The point I shall undertake
to establish to-day, if I succeed in collciting
myself sumeieiitly to make reference to the
books, is, that this bill is unauthorized by the
Constitution, bocausc it trenches on the re-
served rights of the States to regulate that
