m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
39th Costs. ... 1st Sess.
Laws■ of the United States.
toms hereinafter named shal], from and after
the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-aist, in lieu of the salaries to which they
arc now by. law respectively entitled, receive
the salaries following, to wit r' the collectors
of the districts of Texas, at Galveston, Salu-
ria, Corpus Christi, and Brazos, do Santiago,
Texas, each at the rate of one, thousand five
hundred.dollars a year in addition to the fees
of office-: Provided, That such compensation
shall in no. ease exceed the sum of twenty-five
hundred dollars per annum in the aggregate ;
the collectors of the districts of Beaufort, South
Carolina, and Pensacola, Florida, each, at the
rate of one thousand dollars a year; the col-
lectors of the district of Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia, and of the districts of
Cherrystone, Virginia; Brunswick, Georgia;
[Saint] Augustine, Saint- Mark's, and Apo-
laehieola, Florida, and Teelie, Louisiana, five
hundred dollars a year each.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That all
that part of the State of Texas and the waters
thereof included withjti the counties of Nueces,
Starr, Zapata, Duval, Encinao, Webb, La Salle,
McMullen, Live Oak, Bee, Refugio, and San
Patricio, shall be a distinct collection district,
to be called the district of Corpus Christi, and
the town of Corpus Christi shall be its only
port of entry; and a collector shall be appointed
to reside at said port. And Aransas shall be
a port of delivery in said district.
Seo. 3. And be it further, enacted, That the
town of Iijdiaaiola shall hereafter be the port of
entry for the district of Saluria, in said State,
instead of La Salle. And all acts and parts of
acts conflicting with the provisions of this act
are hereby repealed; and this act shall take
effect on and after the first day of August next.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, in
lieu of the compensation now allowed, by law
there shall hereafter be paid to each of the
deputy collectors at the ports of New York,
Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans,
Portland, and San Francisco, and to each of
the general appraisers and local appraisers at
Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans,
Portland, and Sail Francisco, three thousand
dollars per annum; to each of the deputy na-
val officers and the deputy surveyors at New
York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New
Orleans, Portland, and San Francisco, two
thousand five hundred dollars per annum: and
to each of the custom-house weighers at the
ports of Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New
Orleans, Portland, and San Francisco, two'
thousand dollars per annum, out of the appro-
priation for expenses of collecting the reve-
nue from customs: Provided, That the addi-
tional compensation of twenty-fiveper centum,
as now provided by law, shall be continued
to officers as aforesaid at the port of San Fran-
cisco.
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted-, That all
blank books, blanks, and stationary of every
kind required by collectors and other officers
of (he customs, shall, so soon as they can be
prepared for delivery, by or under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, be furnished
to them for the use of their respective offices,
upon requisition made by them, and the expense
of such books, blanks, and stationary shall be
paid out of the appropriation for defraying the
expenses of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
fourth section of the act of February twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, entitled
"An act to revive certain provisions of the act
entitled 'An act further to provide for the col-
lection of duties on imports and tonnage,'
approved March three, eighteen hundred and
fifteen, and for other purposes," shall not be
construed to increase the per diem allowed to
appraisers by the first section of the act of
April two, eighteen hundred and forty-four,
which it amends.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCXCIV.—An Act to prescribe the
Mode of settling the Accounts of the Clerk
of the Supreme Court of the District of
Columbia..
Beiienackd by the-Senate andllouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That the clerk of the su-
preme-court of the District of Columbia shall
pay into th« Treasury of' the United States all
the earnings of his office, over and above the
necessary expenses of the same and- his own
compensation.
Sec. % And be U further enacted, That his
accounts of said earnings and expenses shall
be adjusted by the regular auditor of the court,
or by a special auditor to be appointed by the
court for the purpose, within thirty days after
the first day of January and July, every year ;
and the auditor shall immediately report his
adjustment to the court, with such exceptions
thereto as the clerk shall, within four days after
the adjustment reported, take and file with the
auditor.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
court, shall pronounce such decree upon said
report and exceptions as may seem to it equi-
table and just; and said decree shall be final,
and be binding upon the United States and the
clerk. If, upon such account, a balance be
found due from the clerk to the United States,
the court shall order payment by the-clerk into
the Treasury, and enforce its order by execu-
tion, process of contempt, or-otherwise; and,
if the clerk refuse to pay the money, shall re-
move him from office. If a balance be found
due from the United States to the clerk, the
same shall be paid upon presenting to the Treas-
urer a copy of the decree, duly certified.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the
clerk shall, as in other cases of judgments to
which the United States is a party, furnish the
Solicitor of the Treasury a copy of the decree
immediately after it is pronounced.
Sec. &. And be it further enacted, That all
other modes of accounting for the earnings of
said office are hereby repealed.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCXCV.—An Act for the Belief of the
Trustees and Stewards of the Mission Church
of the Wyandotte Indians.
Be it enacted by the Senate andllouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for refunding to Jacob
White-Crow, John Sawahass, and others, trust-
ees and_ stewards of the Wyandotte and Quin-
daro mission of the Kansas Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal church, for the destruc-
tion of their church buildings and library, four
thousand six hundred and eighty dollars, to be
applied in rebuilding said buildings and inclos-
ing the graveyards of the Wyandotte Indiansin
the State of Kansas, and that the sum hereby
appropriated be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCXCVI.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for sundry Civil Expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and. for
other purposes.
, Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, viz:
miscellaneous,
For discharge of such miscellaneous claims
nototherwise provided for as shall be admitted
in due course of settlement at the Treasury,
two thousand dollars.
For expenses i,u detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, and other
securities of the United States, as well as the
coins of the United States, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of public build-
ings, fifty thousand dollars.
For furniture, repairs of furniture, carpets,
and miscellaneous items for the same, twenty
thousand dollars.
For the completion of north wing of Treas-
ury extension, andgradingand fencinggrounds,
three hundred thousand dollars.
For replacing with slate or copper defective
galvanized iron roofs, thirty thousand dollars.
For reconstruction of heating apparatus,
thirty thousand dollars.
For burglar-proof safes and vaults, thirty
thousand dollars.
For office furniture, and repairs of furniture,
and miscellaneous expenses of the Treasury
bureaus, sixteen thousand dollars.
For expenses of detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in per-
petrating frauds upon the United States, to be
•disbursed under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, ten thousand dollars.
For the completion of the custom-house
building at Toledo, Qh'0, its addition, and
the approaches thereto, ten thousand dollars.
For the purpose of preserving from further
dilapidation the new custom-house building in
Charleston, South Carolina, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs of the United States arsenal at
Hudson City, New Jersey, two thousand dol-
lars.
For additional appropriation to complete the
new court-house and post office at Springfield,
Illinois, fifty thousand dollars.
Forrepairsof Chelsea marine hospital, Chel-
sea, Massachusetts, forty thousand dollars.
To establish national cemeteries, and to pur-
chase sites for the same, at such points as the
President of the United States may deem
proper, and for the care of the same} fifty
thousand dollars.
For the purpose of preparing for publication
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
and of printing at the Government Printing
Office five thousand copies of the first volume
of the Medical and Surgical History of the Re-
bellion, compiled by the Surgeon General: and
for the purpose of preparing for publication
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
and of printing at the Government Printing
Office five thousand copies, of the Medical Sta-
tistics of the Provost Marshal General's Bu-
reau, compiled and to be completed by Surgeon
J. H. Baxter, sixty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That the editions of both publications
thus ordered shall be disposed of as Congress
may hereafter direct: And provided further,
That the necessary engraving and lithograph-
ing- for these publications may be executed
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
without advertisement.
For transportation of officers of the Marine
corps, their servants, troops, and expenses of
recruiting, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the enlargement and repairs of the cus-
tom-house and post office buildings at Bangor,
Maine, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For the repairs of the custom-house and post
office and the walks and fences adjoining the
same, at Middletown, Connecticut, five thou-
sand dollars, the same to be expended under
the direction <Jf the Secretary of the Treasury.
For the erection of a chapel on the Naval
Academy grounds at Annapolis, Maryland,
twenty-five thousand- dollars, and the existing
appropriation for the enlargement of the chapel
is hereby repealed.
survey op the coast.
For the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf
coasts of the United States, including compcu-
