THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
!§44, and tlie constitution of the State of Sep-
tember, 1844, and was so treated and consid-
ered by the committee. The question of this
conflict was brought before the Committee of
Elections, a committee presided over by the
late Vice President Hamlin, and in their report
upon the matter they say:
"Under this statute the memorialist alleges that the
students were expressly prohibited from voting at said
election.
"5four committee entertain a decided opinion to
the contrary; for in the first place all doubt is at onee
removed by the conelusivecircumstance that thesaid
aet was passed the 13th day of Mareh, 1844. and the
new constitution under which this election was held
went into operation iD September, 1844. The election
taking place in November, 1811. The now constitu-
tion (the fundamental law) was adopted after that
aet, and the election was held after the adoption of
the new constitution."
Other questions arose in the case, but this
distinct one of a conflict between the act of the
Legislature and a provision of the State consti-
tution was expressly considered and decided by
the committee, and no abstruse nor far-fetched
dogmas were permitted to override the organic
law of the people, for the committee expressly
say in speaking of the legislative enactment:
" That section of the aet was, in the opinion of your
committee, clearly repugnant to the new constitu-
tion, and of eourso not in force."
I now call your attention particularly to the
Oregon case, the one referred to in both the
majority and minority reports. With all due
deference to the author of the majority report,
I cannot perceive how he makes it harmonize
with his conclusion in this cause. I cannot on
this occasion make more than a brief reference
to this Oregon case; but I will present suffi-
cient for n clear understanding of it.
At an election held in June, 1800, in accord-
ance with the constitution of Oregon, Mr.
Shiel was elected. The Legislature of that
State attempted to change the law of election
6o as to have it alternate in November of the
year of a presidential election, and the alter-
nate election biennially in June. For some
reason this plan failed; but in November, 18G0,
Totes were cast for Mr. Thayer and he received
the certificate of election. Now, it will be ob-
served if the Legislature had passed the law
malting the proposed changed, then that case
and mine would have presented the precise
points, but as it was the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, the same gentleman who
now holds the like position, speaking for the
committee, in his able report went into a full
examination of the question, and debated the
point as to the power of a Legislature in making
a change, and he argued it the same as if there
were a conflict between them, and gave his rea-
sons, reasons clear, honest, patriotic, and un-
answerable, why a State constitution should not
be considered a mere rope of sand to be trampled
upon and set aside by a mere legislative body
deriving its lite, its existence, and all its au-
thority from the constitution it seeks to con-
temn. That no injustice may be done I make
a full extract:
"The committee are of opinion that the election
held for Representative in Congress on the first Mon-
day in June, lSbO, was held in pursuance of, and in
conformity with, the constitution and laws of Oregon,
and that consequently the contestant is entitled to
the seat." 8 ' * "Notwithstanding
this constitutional provision, that general elections
shall be held- on t!l<° first Monday of Juno bienn'ally,
the Legislature of Oregon seems to have believed that
it had power to fix another time for the election of
Representative in Congress."
"The committee have not deemed it necessary to de-
termine what those reasons are for. With all due
rcspeet to the opinions of the gentlemen composing
that Legislature, they are of opinion that this House
must, nevertheless, be the final judge of the meaning
oi this clause of the constitution of Oregon. And. tor
the reason stated, the committee have no doubt that
the constitution of the State has fixed, beyond the
control oi the Legislature, the time for holding an
election for Representative in Congress, atthoireneral
election to beheld biennially, and that at such elec-
tion, so held in pursuance of the constitution, the
contestant was duly elected. And in the debate in
the House on this case, Mr. D\wes said, 'It occui 
to me, sir, that that provision of the Constitution of ■
i,, !' states whieh savs that the time and place
shall be specified by the Legislature of each filate
meant simply that they should be fixed by the con-
stituted authority of the State until Congress itself
should hx a time for the election in all the States.'"
It will be observed that this was not the lan-
guage of the chairman but of the committee,
and that, after due examination of the case,
"they have no doubt that the constitution of
the State has fixed beyond the control of the
Legislature the time of holding an election for
Representative in Congress."
Change time for place, and the case is identi-
cal with my own, and I have no doubt that the
constitution of Michigan "has placed beyond
the control of its Legislature the place of elect-
ing a Representative in Congress."
This was in 18C1. Since that we have been
making rapid strides. We live in a progressive
age. When those cases -were before this House
State constitutions were of some avail, and their
provisions were regarded as all-important. It
had not then been attempted to enervate, emas-
culate, States, but the decisions of their courts,
the reserved rights of the people, were para-
mount. I hope the Congress of the United
States will still regard thedeeisions of the past,
and at least hesitate before a new rule be estab-
lished from which may spring adireful progeny
of errors.
In concluding my remarks, I submit the
following propositions:
1. That by the Constitution of the United
States, and that of Michigan as defined by her
supreme court, I had a majority of the legal
voters.
2. That from the organization of our Gov-
ernment until 1801 it had never been supposed
by any party, nor contended in any Slate, that a
State Legislature had power to order an elec-
tion outside of and beyond the bounds of a
congressional district.
3. That long-continued practice in a partic-
ular manner, under a constitutional provision,
is authoritative in construing the same; and as
the various States had pursued for nearly eighty
years the restrictive course of confining the
voters to their home voting places, it affords
an authority in my behalf difficult to be over-
come.
4. That in giving effect to a constitutional
provision we must look into the history of the
times when it was framed, to ascertain what
object its authors had in view ; and if at that
time all electors were restricted to their home
voting places, it becomcs an almost unanswer-
able fact-that the construction upon which I
rely is the correct one.
5. That the provision in the Federal Consti-
tution authorizing the State Legislatures to fix
the times and places for holding congressional
elections is to be governed by the preceding
proposition, and to be construed by reference to
the practice prevailingat the time of its adoption.
6. That in defining the qualifications of elect-
ors it was the intention of the framers to leave
this whole subject with the people of the several
States, allowing them to act as their judgment
should dictate, and fix such prerequisites as
qualifications as they deemed essential to
guard the ballot-box and preserve the purity
of elections.
7. That the people of Michigan, in their
organic law to protect their rights and as effect-
ually as possible to prevent fraud, without
distinction of office, made the voting in the
"township or ward'' an indispensable qualifi-
cation of an elector.
8. That from the authorities I have shown,
the "place" of voting has, when required, ever
been held a qualification, and asit was so made
by the constitution of Michigan, and the Fed-
eral Constitution requireslikequalilications for
electors of Representatives in Congress as is
required for the State Legislature, it clearly
follows that in Michigan no valid votes can be
cast beyond the limits of a township or ward
by a voter resident therein.
_ 9. That Congress, by setting aside this pro-
vision, and allowing votes cast by Michigan sol-
diers then in other States to control an election
for Congress, when those votes are void for
every officer within the State, will weaken that
respect for law and order that ought to be incul-
cated and to prevail in every free community.
10. That it is the duty of every class of peo-
ple to respect the decisions of the highest judi-
cial tribunal of a State upon a question legiti-
mately brought before it, and though its decision
be contrary to our prejudices, our judgment, or
our wishes, yet it should be sustained as long
as it is the constitutional exposition of the law
of the land.
11. That it is the duty of this Congress to
be governed in adjudicating litigated cases by
the established rules laid down by the courts
as well as this body; and that, as the case of
Farlee vs. Runk. in 1844, involved a question
of conflict between the constitution of the State
of New Jersey and an enactment of its Legis-
lature, in fixing a "place" for voting; and as
the report of the honorable chairman in the
Oregon case in 1861 announced the opinion of
the committee upon the effect of an attempt by
the Legislature of Oregon to change the "time,"
held that these questions were settled by the
organic law of the State, and were beyond the
control of the Legislature, I therefore insist
they each contain the essential characteristic of
my own ease, and they have settled in my favor
the principles by which this House ought to be
governed.
And lastly, if one of the foregoing proposi-
tions be true, my right to the seat is placed
beyond a doubt.
Mr. SM iTH. I move that the ITouse adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] desire that this
business shall come up after or before the
morning hour to-morrow?
Mr. SCOFTELD. I desire to have it hold
its place.
The SPEAKER. Then it will come up im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal, to
the exclusion of ail other business.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask indefinite leave of
absence for my colleague, Mr. Hubbell.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
ENROLLED BILL SIGN"ED.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the commit-
tee had examined and found truly enrolled an
act (IT. It. No. S3) for the relief of Charlotte
Bence, widow of Philip H. Bence, late captain
of company F, thirtieth regiment Iowa volun-
teer infantry ; when the Speaker signed the
same.
DISCONTINUANCE OF EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. As I do not learn that any-
body wishes to speak to-night. I ask the consent
of the House that the evening sessions for the
remainder of this week be dispensed with, or
until further ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has asked sev-
eral gentlemen on the list if they wish to speak,
and he has found none that desire to do so this
evening.
No objection being made, evening sessions
were discontinued until further order.
LAND TITLES IN ST. LOUIS.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, asked leave to report back
House bill No. 15, authorizing documentary
evidence of titles to be furnished to the owners
of certain lands in the city of St. Louis, with
an accompanying report, and to have the bill
recommitted to the same committee, and the
report printed.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. SMITH. 1 now renew the motion to
adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were upon
a division—ayes 44, noes 57.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SMITH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith
and Scofikld were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes o'2, noes 44.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at, four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
