1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3813
Mississippi river five minutes to reply to efforts
in behalf of chartered monopolies to destroy its
navigation. Do gentlemen of this House know
the magnitude of the business of the Mississippi
river? Let me call their attention to the fact
that in the year 1805 the enrolled carrying
capacity of the steamers on the Mississippi ana
its tributaries was two hundred and ninety-two
thousand one hundred and forty-four tons, there
being nine hundred and ten steamers engaged
in the navigation of that river. And those nine
hundred aud ten steamers have cost the people
who have built them $30,000,000. And dogen-
tlemen know that the commerce of that Missis-
sippi river, if left undisturbed by the power of
moneyed monopolies endeavoring to destroy it,
. is equal to the whole foreign commerce of the
United States?
It is not only the States bordering upon the
river that are interested in this commerce.
There are eleven States that could find outlets
to market through that medium if left undis-
turbed by the monopolizing railroads. But it
is not only those States that are interested.
Gentlemen from Maine are as much interested
in the free navigation of the Mississippi river
as my constituents are. If the people of Maine
are buying from the West six hundred thousand
barrels of flour every year, let me assure them
that they can transport that flour from the falls
of St. Anthony, at the extreme upper part of
the navigation of the river, to Portland, Maine,
for one dollar or one dollar and a half less per
barrel than they can transport it by any rail-
roads now existing in the country. Every year
nearly a million dollars is taken out of the
pockets of the people of Maine for breadstuffs
alone, in the shape of flour, to be put into the
pockets of monopolizing railroad companies,
who are seeking to destroy the navigation of
that great river. I am not opposed to bridges.^ I
have no opposition to bridges. I hope the Mis-
sissippi river may be bridged at every mile if
that be wanted to be done. I have no objection
as to how many bridges are constructed; but
why shall you give the right to obstruct the
navigation of that river to the railroad com-
panies and prevent thereby the free transit of
these commodities through that channel to the
markets of the world?
These companies can construct bridgesthat
will not obstruct the navigation of that river.
It will cost a lijtle more money to do it. I ask
this Congress, members of all parties, whether
they are going to disturb the interests of the
people of the western country in the naviga-
tion of this river in order to save money to
these few railroad kings who have grown up
and fattened upon the spoils they have gath-
ered from the people. If they would carry
freight at fair rates I would have no objection
to their bridging the Mississippi river. If they
will build bridges so as not to obstruct the
navigation of the river, I have no objection.
The Supreme Court has said, and Congress
has enacted, that for the Ohio river a bridge
must be fifty feet above high-water mark.
Why should it not be so for the Mississippi
river? „ , ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
litis expired.
Mr! HOGAN. Are not these great inter-
ests to be fully heard ?
Mr. ALLEY. I decline to yield further
Mr. HOGAN. No, sir; these monopolies
are too strong. . .
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. Will not this continue to
be the business of the morning hour till dis-
posed of?
The SPEAKER. It will. , ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is
the most important question to my constituents
"* before this Congress, and crowding me into a
few minutes to make a speech showing all the
facts, when there is no necessity for it, has
never before been done within my knowledge
or experience.
Mr. ALLEY. Am I to understand this will
continue' to be the pending business in the
morning hour until disposed of?
The SPEAKER. No other committee can
report till this bill has been disposed of. The
next morning hour will be on Tuesday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
is before the House and is bound to be dis-
posed of. It cannot be got rid of. If it were
otherwise I would not ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield to the gentleman
for ten minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
accept that. If the House be determined to
strike in this way, it must strike without my
being heard at all. I am not willing to be lim-
ited to ten minutes in which to explain how
this matter stands. It is something which has
never been tolerated during my service here.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of or-
der. Does not the next morning hour come
on next Tuesday?
The SPEAKER. It will, unless interrupted
by a question of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will not
this be the continuous business of the morning
hour until disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It will, if not interrupted
by questions of privilege.
Mr. TNGERSOLL. And the reports of the
other committees will be kept back.
Mr. ALLEY. I desire to be entirely fair,
and to give everybody an opportunity to dis-
cuss the bill to their heart's content. No one
intimated a desire to discuss it except the gen-
tleman from Missouri and the gentleman from
Illinois, and I thought I had made an arrange-
ment with which they were satisfied. I give to
the gentleman from Illinois ten minutes now,
and will again yield to him after the previous
question has been ordered to speak generally
upon the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
speak to this amendment. I expect to vote
for the bill if this amendment be voted down.
Mr. ALLEY. It seems to me the gentleman
ought to be able to explain his position m ten
WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man may be enabled to, but I tell the House
that it is impossible for me to state all the
facts. The evidence amounts to several pages,
giving all the facts in relation to the obstruc-
tion of navigation by that bridge.
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say there is but one particular point
in the matter, and that he can speak to in ten
minutes. Indeed, I think five minutes is suffi-
cient time, with his ability, to state the grounds
of his opposition to this amendment, upon the
only point which he can raise after the decla-
ration he has made, that he is in favor of the
general bill; for it differs from the general bill
only in this particular, that the draw is a little
narrower. Now, I can show that it is a great
deal wider than any draw in the world w#s
twenty years ago, and I do not know of but one
draw 'in the world at the present time that is
equal to it in width. I think there are other
reasons which I can give for the gentleman's
opposition which will explain it entirely, and
if he chooses to take the ten minutes I do not
want more than five minutes for reply.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
accept the ten minutes. The House, I trust,
will allow me more time.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALLEY. Then I will only say a very
few words in reply to the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hogan.] I think his argument was
more to the merits of the general bill than it
was to this specific proposition. As I observed
before, the only difference between this bridge
and the bridges that it is proposed to build is
in its width. I believe in all other particulars
the provision is precisely like the others.
This bridge has been built and in operation
eighteen months. It is one of the most sub-
stantial character, built in the best possible
manner. The width of the draw in the clear
is one hundred and twenty feet, and those who
know anything about draw-bridges know that
that is ample. As I said before, it is wider
than any draw in 1841.
Mr. HOG-AN. Will the gentleman allow me
a question ?
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOGAN. Does the gentleman know
anything at all of the character^ the navigat-
ing interest of the Mississippi river? Does he
know that the steamers have barges in tow, so
that one hundred and twenty feet is not a suf-
ficient width at all ?
Mr. ALLEY. I will state that we have am-
ple and complete testimony ujion all these points
by the navigators, by parties interested on both,
sides, by everybody that desired to say anything
about it, and after listening to all the testimony,
hearing all the facts, and examining them very
carefully for a great length of time, we came
to the conclusion, I think unanimously, or at
any rate with one single exception, that the
draw was ample, and that there was no force
in the objection that was made. And now all
this company asks, after having the authority
from the States of Illinois and Missouri to build
the bridge, is simply that it be declared a post
route. That is the whole sum and substance
of the proposition. And can the House refuse,
after granting all these privileges to all these
other companies, to allow this amendment to
be adopted? And now let me say one word
further with regard to the opposition of the
gentleman from Missouri and the gentleman
from Illinois. I cannot see why in the world
they make so much objection to this particular
proposition, when the only difference is in the
draw, except that this objection occurs to my
mind—and 1 throw it out for the benefit of the
House, and they may attach such weight to it
as they choose. There is a great rivalry be-
tween the cities of St. Louis and Chicago. I
think no member of the House will fail to see
it. This bridge affects somewhat injuriously,
perhaps, the interests of the city of St. Louis.
Mr. HOGAN". I desire to ask the gentle-
man another question. If this bridge at Clin-
ton is no obstruction to navigation, how can it
possibly interfere with the business interests of
Missouri?
Mr. ALLEY. A great spirit of rivalry ex-
ists between St. Louis and Chicago, and the
city of Chicago is benefited somewhat by these
additional facilities, and while il promotes the
business interest of Chicago it does not take
much of anything from the city of St. Louis,
but being a rival city it excites jealousy and
hostility. And with regard to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe,] his city of
Galena is somewhat in the same predicament.
Now, anybody who has been in the House as
long as I have with the gentleman from Illinois
knows very well that any bill that does not
bring any toll to his mill—and by his mill I
mean the city of Galena—never receives much
favor at his hands. I must confess that I am
unable to see any serious objection that he can
possibly make to this bill that does not exist
against the general bill except it be the fact
that Galena is not benefited by it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order, and require that his words
be taken down.
The words of Mr. Alley excepted to by Mr.
Wasiibukse, of Illinois, as taken down by the
reporters of the Globe, were read, as follows:
" Now, anybody who has been in the Houso aslong
as I have with thn prcntloman from Illinois, knows
very well that any bill that does not bring any toll to
Ins mill—and by his mill I mean the city of Galena—
never receives much favor at his hands.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Illinois if he calls the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to order because
ho has designated the city of Galena a mill.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washiswese.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
be heard in regard to this matter.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
will proceed.
