1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSmTAI4/GJiOBE
Laws of the United Stales.
39th Cong.... 1st
sation of civilians engaged in the work, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of
the Army and Navy, and petty officers and
men of the Navy employed in the work, two
hundred and fifty thousand dollar?.
For continuing the survey of the western .
coast of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the South Flor-
ida reefs, shoals, keys, and coast, including
compensation of civilians engaged in the work,
and excluding pay and emoluments of officers
of the Army and Navy, and petty officers and
men of the Navy employed in the ivork, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the survey of the coast of the Uni-
ted States, including compensation of civilians
employed in the work, five thousand dollars.
For repairs of steamers and sailing schoon-
ers used in the coast survey, twenty thousand
dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for Four
steamers used in the hydrography of the coast
survey, no longer supplied by the Navy Depart-
ment, ten thousand dollars.
To provide for a survey of the Isthmus of
Darien, under the direction of the War Depart-
ment, with the view to the construction of a
ship-canal in accordance with the report of the
Superintendent of the Naval Observatory to the
Navy Department, forty thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
collect reliable statistical information concern-
ing-the gold and silver mines of the western
States and Territories, which shall include the
labor and capital employed, tlie product and
the modes of working the same, and which in-
formation shall be reported to Congress, ten
thousand dollars.
LIGHT-HOUSE ESTABLISHMENT.
For the Atlantic, Gulf., and Lake coasts, viz:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, and
other necessary expenses of the same, a,nd
repairing and keeping in repair the lighting
apparatus, two hundred thousand two hun-
dred and eighty-seven dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses of im
proving and refitting the same, one hundred
and eighty thousand dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and eighty-nine
keepers of light-houses and lighted beacons,
and their assistants, two hundred and thirteen
thousand one hundred and ninety-three dollars
and thirty-tliree cents.
For salaries of forty-three keepers of light-
vessels, twenty-three thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and
incidental expenses of forty-three light-vessels,
two hundred and forty-two thousand two hun-
dred and thirty-nine dollars and fifty cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, remooring, and supplying losses of
beacons and buoys, and for chains and sinkers
for the same, one hundred and sixty-two thou-
sand three hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation to the consul at Quebec,
in Canada, fifteen hundred dollars.
For the Coasts of California, Oregon, and
Washington.
For supplving twenty light-houses and bea-
con-lights with oil, glass chimneys, chamois
skins, polishing powder? and other cleaning
materials, transportation, expenses of keeping
lamps and machinery in repair, and publishing
notices to mariners of changes of aids to n-}vj"
gat.ion, thirty-three thousand and thirty dol-
For repairs and incidental expenses of twenty
light-liouses and buildings connected therewith,
fifteen thousand dollars. .
For salaries of forty-one keepers and assistant
keepers of light-houses at an average not ex-
ceeding eight hundred dollars per annum, thirty-
two thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, remooring, and supplying losses of
floating buoys and beacons, and for chainsand •
sinkers for the same, and for coloring andnura-:
bering all the buoys, ten thousand dollars.
For fuel and quarters of officers of the Army
serving on light-bouse duty, the same not being
provided for by the quartermaster's department,
five thousand dollars.
ForrebuildingBlock Island light-house, near
Rhode Island, upon a more eligible site, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For a new light-house on Race Rock, or on
the southwest end of Fisher's Island, entrance
to Long Island Sound, as may be approved by
the Light-Ilouse Board, ninety thousand dol-
lars.
For rebuilding the following beacons,,which
have been destroyed, viz: Norwalk beacon,
Soutbport beacon, and Elbow beacon, twenty-
four thousand dollars.
For rebuilding beacon-lights on the Break-
water at Plattsburg, New York, three thousand
dollars.
For a new light-house with suitable piers for
protection at Rondout, New York, twenty-two
thousand dollars.
For a new light-house with suitable piers of
protection at Coxsackie, New York, twenty-
two thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Sandy Hook
light-station, New York, seven thousand one
hundred dollars.,
To provide additional station-houses, life-
boats, and other appliances for the better pres-
ervation of life and property from shipwreck
along the coast of New Jersey, between Sandy
Hook and Little Egg Harbor, ten thousand
dollars.
For repairing and relighting the light-hquse
on Tucker's Beach, on the coast of New Jer-
sey, five thousand dollars.
Forrepairs and renovations at Esopus, Four-
mile Point, Beaver-tail, Passaic, Black Rock,
and Great West Bay light-stations, five thou
sand one hundred dollars.
For additional appropriations for building a
new first-class light at Assateague, Virginia,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For a new light-house at Bay Point, Port
Royal entrance, South Carolina, fifty thousand
dollars.
For building range-lights at St. Clair Flats
Lake St. Clair, sixty thousand dollars.
For the erection of a light-house at Beaver
Bay on Lake Siyserior, fifteen thousand dol-
lars: Provided, That the Light-House Board
of the Treasury Department, after due exami-
nation, shall deem that a light-house at that
point is necessary.
For building a new light-house at McGul
pin's Point, near old Fort Mackinac, twenty
thousand dollars. _
For a beacon-light on the end of the pier
at Chicago, three thousand dollars.
For a new light-house at Eagle Bluff, Wis
cousin, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs at Grand Island light-house,
Lake Superior, seventeen thousand dollars.
For beacon-light at the entrance to Grand
Island liarbor, Lake Superior, ten thousand
dollars. ,
For additional aids to navigation m Green
bay, Wisconsin, including a third-class light-
house on Mah-no-mah or Chambers' Island,
and beacon on Peshtego shoal, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For repairs to light-house at Huron Island,
Lake Superior, seventeen thousand dollars.
For light-house and pier light at South Haven,
in the State of Michigan, six thousand dollars.
For range-lights at Portage entry, Lake
Superior, six thousand dollars.
For a light-house to mark the channel be
tween Keewenaw Point and Manitou Island,
Lake Superior, fifteen thousand dollars.
For new and efficient fog-sigtials at Mount
Desert Island, Mantinieus, Seguift, Mankie-
gin, Moose Peak, Cape Elizabeth, Point Ju-
dith, Cooper Harbor, Detour, Fort Gratiot,
Huron Island, Manitou, McGulpin's Point,
Pottawatomie, Sand Point, Waugosliance,
White Fish Point, and other light-station®,
fifty-nine thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of two superintendents
for the life-saving stations on the coasts of
Long Island and New Jersey, three thousand
dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of
stations at two hundred dollars each, ten thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For a new light-house at Grand Point, Aux
Sables, Lake Michigan, thirty-five thousaud
dollars.
For a new light-house at the harbor of White
River, Muskegon county, Michigan, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For a new light-house at the harbor of Man-
istee, Manistee county, Michigan, ten thousand
dollars: Provided, That no expenditure shall
be made upon the aforesaid works at White
River and Manistee, until a careful survey
shall have been made and the character of the
structure required shall have been thus deter-
mined, for which purpose the sum of one thou-
sand dollars is hereby appropriated.
For completion of pier of protection and re-
pairing Waugosliance light-house at Straits of
Mackinac, ninety thousand dollars.
For the establishment of beacon-lights to
mark Brewerton channel, Patapsco river, Mary-
land, thirty thousand dollars.
To enable the Light-House Board to rees-
tablish lights and other aid to navigation on
the southern coast, two hundred thousand dol-
lars.
To reimburse the appropriation for furnish-
ing the President's House, the sum transferred
from it by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, to settle another account of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings for annual repairs,
four thousand dollars: and the avails of old
furniture which may be sold shall be applied
to the purchase of new furniture.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to put in thorough repair the bridge across
the Potomac at Little Falls, in accordance
with the estimate" of the engineer, two thou-
sand four hundred and ten dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the interest on sundry sums loaned for
Government purposes by the First National
Bank at Washington, District of Columbia,
the sum of live thousand six hundred and sev-
enty dollars and twelve cents.
For compensation to the Commissioner and
chief clerk of the General Land Office (to be
apportioned by the Secretary of the Interior)
in consideration of the increased duties devolv-
ing on them from June seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, to December thirty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, in connection
with the census of eighteen hundred and sixty,
seventeen hundred and fifty dollars.
For painting iron fences, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For repairing gates to the iron fence inclos-
ing La Fayette square, five hundred dollars.
To repair and whitewash the wooden fences
around the several reservations, one thousand
dollars. T _
For repairing the arch on New Jersey ave-
nue below the Coast Survey building, one thou-
sand dollars. .
To repair or replace the water-yipes which
convey the water from the spring in Franklin
square to the President's House, and to the
Treasury, War, and Navy Departments, six
thousand dollars. .
For making the road from the President s
stable to the house, fifteen hundred dollars.
For four new pave-washers on Pennsylvania
avenue, one thousand dollars.
To pay for drainage by pipes of the waste
