1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 14, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Ilev. E. H. Ghat.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States transmitting, for the considera-
tion of Congress, a correspondence between the
Secretary of State and the minister of France
accredited to this Government, and also other
papers, relative to a proposed international
conference at Constantinople upon the subject
of cholera; which, on motion of Mr. Sumxer,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid be-
fore the Senate a communieatiofi from the Sec-
retary of State, transmitting, in obedience to
law, a report on the commercial relations of the
United States with foreign nations for the year
ending September 30, 1865 ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMOUIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of assistant
assessors of the third district of Ohio, praying
for an increase of compensation; which was
referred lo the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memo-
rial of citizens of Indiana and Illinois, remon-
strating against the restoration of any State
lately in rebellion until adequate security Iuh
been obtained against a renewed attempt to
secede, against any representation in Congress
beyond a just proportion of the voting popula-
tion, against any payment of the rebel debt or
for emancipated slaves, and against any distinc-
tions in State constitutions on account, of color
or descent; and praying for such an amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
as will enforce the foregoing provisions ; which
was referred to the joint committee to inquire
into the condition of the States which formed
the so-called confederate States of America.
lie al?o presented a petition of manufac-
turers of agricultural implements, praying for
a red action of the tax on sales of their manu-
factures ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Anna G.
Gaston, widow of Lieutenant Albert G. Gaston,
late adjutant of the sixteenth regiment Virginia
volunteers, who is represented to have died
from disease contracted while in the service of
the United States, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion : which was referred to the Cummittee on
Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Delaware county. Pennsylvania, praying for
an amendment of the Constitution which will
forever prevent any State from making any dis-
tinction in civil rights and privileges on account
of race, color, or descent; which was referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of New England, praying that in the adoption
of any measures establishing a new basis of
representation there may be no distinction in
the qualification of voters on account of race
or color; which were referred to the commit-
tee to inquire into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States
of A nierica.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
from women of the United States, asking for an
amendment of the Constitution that shall pro-
hibit the several States from disfranchising any
of their citizens on account of sex. I present
this petition at this time, as it has been sent lo
me l'or this purpose ; but I take the liberty of
sajing that I do not think this a proper time for
the consideration of that question. I move its
reference to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion.
J he motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Thomas F. Wilson, United States consul at
Bahia, Brazil, praying for compensation for
losses alleged to have been sustained by him in
consequence of his being compelled to abandon
the consulate by the action of the Brazilian
Government: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented two memorials of citizens
of Michigan, remonstrating against the resto-
ration of any State lately in rebellion until
adequate security has been obtained against a
renewed attempt to secede, against- any repre-
sentation in Congress beyond a just proportion
of the voting population, against any payment
of the rebel debt or for emancipated slaves, and
against any distinctions in State constitutions
on account of race, color, or descent, andpray-
ing for such amendments to the Constitution of
the United States as will enforce the foregoing
provisions; which were referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of
George W. Johnson, and others, citizens of
Buffalo, New York, praying for the adoption
of the proposed constitutional amendment that
no State shall make any distinction in civil
rights and privileges among naturalized citizens
of the United States within its limits, or among
persons born on its soil of parents permanently
resident there, on account of race, color, or
descent; which was referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition
of William N. Smith, praying for compensation
for property burned in the town of Glasgow,
Missouri, by order of the United States mili-
tary officers on the 1 5th of October, 180-1: which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Washington
Crosland, praying for compensation for dam-
ages alleged to have been occasioned by the
seizure and use of his property in St. Louis,
Missouri, by the United States authorities for
l-ailroad purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claim1;.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of man-
ufacturers of agricultural implements, remon-
strating against the heavy and burdensome tax
now imposed on them, and praying for its re-
duction ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. NYE presented a petition of the Hum-
boldt Canal Company, and of the Governor,
Lieutenant Governor, and other State officers
of the State of Nevada, praying Congress to
grant the right of way for a canal in that State.;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of J.
W. Warren, of Albany, Wisconsin, praying for
compensation for damage,-- alleged to have been
sustained by him in consequence of the rescind-
ing of the acceptance of his bid by the Post-
master General to carry the mail on the route
from Mill Haven to Grand Rapids, in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to present a peti-
tion, in the form of a letter, of George W. Lewis,
treasurer of the Union Horse Shoe Company,
of Providence. Rhode Island, with reference
to taxation of the product of the concern in
which he is treasurer; and I desire to read a
portion of it;
"As stated, the present revenue tax on spikes,
nails, nvcK and nuts, articles of about the same
value uiut topt as horse and mule shoes cables, and
toe-calks, pav a tax of S-2 40 per ton, while the ar-
ticles of shoes, toe-calks, and cables pay a tax of six
per cent., equal to ten or twelve dollars per ton. We
think it impossible to r-n a reason why one should
pay a greater tax than the other."
I move its reference to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
STATE OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the memorial of
J. Edward Cooper. Horace Maynard, J ohn W.
Leftwitch, and William B. Stokes, who claim
to be Representatives-elect from the State of
Tennessee to the House of Representatives, in
which they represent that by the operation of
the recent rebellion the oilicers of that State
abdicated their offices, and left the govern-
nient without any agents to carry it on; that
in this attitude of affairs one of their citizens,
Andrew Johnson, was, on the 3d of March,
1802, by the President of the United States
appointed military governor of the State, which
office he continued to hold until the 3d of
March, 1865. To remedy this state of things,
the loyal people of the State of Tennessee, by
their delegates, assembled on the 8th of Janu-
ary, 18fi5, in convention, at the capital of the
State, Nashville, to take such steps as wisdom
might direct to restore the State of Tennessee
to its once honored siatiis in the great national
Union. Certain amendments were proposed
to the State constitution, made necessary, in
the opinion of the convention, by the altered
relations of slavery, and by the action of per-
sons engaged in the rebellion, who had tem-
porarily usurped the machinery of the State
government, and by the vacancy of the several
State offices, for-the filling of which there was
at that time no provision by law. These
amendments to the constitution the convention
submitted to the vote of their constituents on
the 22d of February, 18G5, and they were by
them adopted. While these proceedings met
with the concurrence and cooperation of the
military governor, they were the spontaneous
action of the loyal people of Tennessee. Hav-
ing thus provided the reorganization of the
government under her preexisting constitution
so amended, the work was completed by the
election of a Governor and Legislature on the
dtli of March following, and on the 5th of April
they entered upon the duties of their respective
offices.
A copy of the several amendments incor-
porated into the organic luw of the State, and
of the proceedings of the Legislature at its first
session, certified officially by the Secretary of
State and published by authority, are herewith
appended and adopted as a part, of the memo-
rial. The government so organized has been
unresisted and has had uninterrupted jurisdic-
tion of the State since. The memorialists re-
spectfully submit that the government is repub-
lican in form as well as in spirit, and they ask
that.it may be recognized and its perpetuity
guarantied as the true and proper government
of the State of Tennessee, entitled to the same
immunities and prerogatives as the State en-
joyed by virtue of an act of Congress approved
on the 1st of June, 179G, until her relations
with the Government were disturbed by the
treason of a portion of the people.
I move that the memorial and the accompa-
nying constituiional amendments and legisla-
tive proceedings be referred to the joint com-
mittee of fifteen.
The motion was agreed to.
REP0KTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
John Ahcrn, praying to be indemnified for loss
on liis contract with the acting assistant pro-
vost marshal general of the northern division
of New York, for board and rations furnished
to soldiers and recruits for the L'nited States
Army at the city of Albany, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 110) for the relief of Samuel D. Le-
compte, reported adversely thereon.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered, That the joint resolution (S. R. No. 29)
for the transfer of funds appropriated for the pay-
ment of salaries in the Po^t Otfiec Depaitment to tno
general salary account of that Department be printed
for the use of the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill IS. No.
! 1:5!)) to provide for surveys of the upper Missis-
I sippi and the Minnesota rivers : which was read
:! twice by irs title, referred to the Committee on
; Commerce, and ordered to he printed.
, Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
II obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 140)
