1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2853
commerce which is internal and in the States
and not among the States.
My honorable friend from Wisconsin, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Howe,] characterized
this as "a very little proposition"—I think
that was his phrase—so small and so harmless
that it created surprise in his mind that it had
ever arrested the attention of anybody. He
was surprised that it should have been opposed
by any one. I believe he said it was as harm-
less as a walking-stick in the hands of its owner
or at his feet; that it contained no powers the
exercise of which anybody should apprehend.
But, sir, what was his argument? How did he
illustrate the simple and harmless character of
this "little proposition?" Before he took his
seat he contended that the Government of the
United States had the authority, under and by
virtue of its power to regulate commerce, to
build roads or canals in any of the States, and
to go the full length of fixing the rates of fare
and freights upon the railways which have been
created entirely within the States. That was his
proposition—"a very little proposition," says
'the honorable Senator from Wisconsin; such
a one as should not create apprehension any-
where ; which is explained to be a power suffi-
ciently comprehensive apd broad by the Gov-
ernment of the United States to build railroads
and canals anywhere and everywhere through
the States without their consent and against
their authority; and superadded to all that the
power to appropriate all the railroads and ca-
nals which have been built by the enterprise
and industry of the American people in the
States, by fixing the rates of tolls and fares on
these internal avenues! It is needless to tell
me that a power which goes thus far and which
authorizes the fixing of the tolls and the freights
is not a power to regulate and control and
direct all these avenues. It was well said, long
ago, that—
"You take my life
"When you do take the moans whereby I lire."
And the* power of the General Government
which asserts the right to fix the tolls, the
rates of fare and freights on these roads, takes
the vital forces from these roads.
This measure naturally raises the question
of power between the Government of the Uni-
ted States and of the several States; and of
course, in the consideration of such a subject,
it becomes nceessary to_ draw the line some-
what between the authority of the Government
of the United States on the question of regu-
lating the commerce of the United States with
foreign nations and among the States and that
power which is peculiar to the people of the
several States. 1 know it has been attempted
in this argument, now and heretofore, to pre-
judice this side of the case by the argument
that we were raising here the old doctrine of
State rights and State sovereignty; that those
who seek to oppose this bill seek to oppose it
upon the ground of Slate rights and State sov-
ereignty, and State rights and State sovereignty
in an offensive sense.
Now, Mr. President, for myself I disclaim
all such purpose, and I disclaim any desire or
purpose to put it upon any such ground. Sir,
I aiu not a believer in the doctrine of State
sovereignty and never was ; that is, in the sense
in which it has been contended for. I believe
that State sovereignty is a^ myth, a political
myth, in the sense in which it hasbeen or ever
could be contended for. The right of abso-
lute sovereignty never did inhere in any_ of
these States; it never was in the colonies.
While the colonies were integral parts of Great
Britain they Were, of course, subject to the
jurisdiction of Great Britain, and it was idle
to talk about sovereignty in colonies. When
the colonies revolutionized, they did not revo-
lutionize for themselves individually, but for
the country at large. It was- united America
that accomplished the Revolution. It was not
a revolution in favor of thirteen independent
nations, but a revolution for the _ American
people ; the American people in unity effected
the Revolution ; and therefore the sovereignty
inhered in the American people at large, the
American people united. United America
achieved the Revolution, and it was not a revo-
lution of thirteen independent and sovereign
nations. Therefore no such thing as absolute
sovereignty ever did inhere in the thirteen
States, except in the thirteen States as repre-
sented by the American people united.
I therefore, sir, go entirely wide off from the
doctrine of State sovereignty and State rights;
but while I do that, I stand upon the doctrines
of the Constitution as represented in the re-
served rights of the American people. I main-
tain that the Government of the United States
under the Constitution of the United States is
a limited and not an absolute Government;
that while the American people delegated cer-
tain functions to the Government of the Uni-
ted States which were to be exercised by it, and
the power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the States among those
functions, it expressly reserved to itself all the
powers not therein expressly delegated; and,
sir,, the interests which I advocate to-day are
the interests which were expressly reserved.
While the people did grant, I concede, to Con-
gress the right to regulate commerce among
the several States and with foreign nations, it
reserved to itself the right to regulate domestic
commerce, commerce which was exclusively
internal and in the States. That question
which springs necessarily from the right of
eminent domain belongs exclusively to the
States and never was in the General Govern-
ment. Nobody has contended, and I presume
nobody will contend, that the right of eminent
domain exists anywhere except in the States.
Nobody ever did contend, and I am sure no-
body ever will, that the right to land, the title
to real estate ever vested in the Government of
the United States! The people of the several
States do not draw their titles to their property
from the Government of the United States,
nor hold of it nor under it; but those rights
are now all in the States, and necessarily the
right of eminent domain is in the States; and
from the earliest period of this Government
down to the present time never has the Gen-
eral Government undertaken to enter upon the
soil of any State to exercise the right of emi-
nent domain in its own right or to take posses-
sion of the soil of the several States except by
the consent of the States. _ I commend the
honorable Senator from Michigan, when he
again takes up the line of his argument, to his
reading on this subject, and he will find through
the whole history of the legislation of this coun-
try and throughout the judicial decisions no
single instance where the Government of the
United States has ever undertaken to exercise
the right of eminent domain in any one State;
and simply for the reason that the right belongs
to the States and not to the General Govern-
ment. Of course, sir, lam not now discussing
the extraordinary powers which are exercised
in time of war; I am discussing the power of
commerce, commercial questions.
In this way I undertake to go entirely aside
from the questions of State rights and State
sovereignty which are raised here; and the
only distinction I seek to raise is the distinc-
tion between commerce foreign and among the
States and that which is in the States and pe-
culiarly of the States and springs up frorn the
exercise of those reserved rights which belong
to the people exclusively. Whenever this dis-
tinction ceases to exist in the minds of the
American Congress, then, sir. your Govern;
mcnt is transformed from a Government oi
delegated and limited powers to an absolute
and imperial Government.
Now, sir, to show that there is some danger
on this subject, and that I do not misapprehend
the tendency of the times and the tendency oi
the doctrine which is contended for in this bill,
having already adverted to the ground main-
tained by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Howe] as to the power of the Gov-
ernment to build railroads and canals; in the
several States and to fix the tolls and rates of
freights and fares upon existing roads, let me
call the attention of the Senate to what is trans-
piring in this very Congress in this direction
as illustrating the dangerous tendency of the
exercise of this power and the extent to which
it is proposed to carry it. I have before me a
bill originating in the House of Representa-
tives, and which, if passed there, will be sent
here for the concurrence of the Senate. It is
a bill with this significant title: "A bill to au-
thorize the construction of national railroads
and establish the same as military and com-
mercial roads." That is the sounding title of
the bill—a bill to establish national railroads !
Upon an examination of this bill you will find
its scope and comprehension to be this : it
authorises, in the first section, any five or more
persons, being citizens of the United States, to
associate themselves together as a body politic
and corporate with full power to designate by
a certificate a route for a railway across this
continent. There is no limitation in the bill.
Any five persons who choose to associate
themselves under the power of this bill, having
filed a certificate in the Bureau of National
Railroads, which is authorized by the bill, may
build a railway in any direction within the limits
and jurisdiction of the United States, through,
any Stale or any Territory, and may exercise
the right of eminent domain as a corporation,
go in any direction they please, and bring to
their backs the entire authority and power of
the Government of the United Slates to take
and condemn property, no matter what, real
estate, highways of the several States, rail-
ways of the several States, navigable streams
of the several States, or whatever they choose
to appropriate. I do not misstate the force of
this bill or what is contemplated under it. It
is a bill to organize a bureau in a Department
of this Government, with the power in a gen-
eral way to associate any number of individ-
uals, not less than five, with the power to con-
struct national railways in any direction and
in all directions. I ask the honorable Senator
from Michigan whether he is prepared to go
quite that length; for, sir, this bill is following
exactly in the track of the bill which is before
the Senate; it is the legitimate fruit of the
doctrine of that bill, no more, no less. The
third section of this bill is that " there shall
be assigned to the Comptroller of National
Railroads"—we are to enter upon a grand sys-
tem of national railways ; these railways are to
be constructed through the several States in
any direction or in all directions, limited only
by the desire and the ambition and the ability
of the rjarties who are thus oiganized by this
bill.
Mr. President, was it ever supposed until
now, was it ever dreamed by anybody in Con-
gicss or out of Congress until now, that thex-e
was power in the Government of the United
States t.o authorize a body of men to build rail-
ways without regard to the laws of the several
States or the improvements of the several
States, in any direction and in all directions,
throughout the length and breadth of the Re-
public? Why, sir, it may sound well to talk
of a national railway system ! The term, has a
large sound, 1 admit; and if we were in im-
perial France or in the Ilussias, I could under-
stand how such a bill as that could be intro-
duced. If these States were mere departments
of an imperial andabsolutc Government,I could
understand how you could have a national
railway system inaugurated here at the seat of
Government which might build its railways in
all directions ; but when I know that this Gov-
ernment is a Government of limited powers,
when I know that it has no power except what
it derives from the Constitution, and that Con-
stitution is silent on this subject, and when I
know, moreover, that the powers that are not
delegated are reserved to the people, and that
the people for half a century have been exer-
cising these \ cry powers and have built up a
grand .system of railways threading this whole
countrv, I hesitate to believe that the Govern-
ment of the United States either has the power
to exercise any such functions or that it is at
„ all expedient, to exercise them if it had.
11 Mr. President, it is a great" mistake to sup-
