1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HENDRffiKS. When I questioned
what the Senator said I understood him to say
that "the report from the- Navy Department
stated the" feet that this firm at Wilmington
was le§g able to buy material than the other
firm,''
Imp. GRIMES. Does it not say it?*
Mv. HENDRICKS. _ It says they had less
futilities for the execution of the work.
' Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the ability to exe-
cute their contract embraces the facility to get
> money with which to buy materials in order to
■ execute it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But when the Senator
interrupted me on that point I was speaking
of the unfairness, as* I thought, of the state-
ment from one of the bureaus of the Navy De-
partment in bringing into the case for the sake
of prejudicing it, as I can conceive of no other
purpose, a statement in regard to a vessel that
was not before the board at all, the vessel Tip-
pecanoe. If the board had allowed all the
claims to the Tippecanoe for buggy hire and
for trips to Washington and trips to New York,
. then it would be very proper for the Depart-
ment to refer to that in commenting upon the
proceedings of the board, but as that partic-
ular claim was not before the board at all I
cannot see any propriety in bringing it into
the case.
There were extras allowed for extra work.
What has been the effect of this upon the con-
tractors? I will call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the case of the Teeumseh, the Mahopac,
and the Manhattan, which were commented
upon by the Senator from Iowa, found pn page
32 of the report:
"Appeared before the board Zeno Secor, one of the
firm of Seoor & Company, and Perine, Seoor & Com-
pany, contractors for the iron-clads Mahopac, Te-
eumseh, and Manhattan; and also appeared James
F. Secor, employ^ of said firms. Under oath they
state that the contracts for those vessels wore dated
by the Navy Department September 1,1862, in which
they were allowed six months, or until March 1,
1863, to complete and deliver them to the Govern-
ment,, but the Teeumseh was not so completed and
delivered until March 28,1864, the Manhattan until
May 23,1864, and the Mahopac until August 20,ISM.
Tho cause of this delay was owing to alterations and
additions to original specifications required by the
Department. That the total cost of hull and machin-
ery, including bills of extra work, was $2,'-70,447 63;
received from the Department on contract price
$1,371,836 55: reserved by Government on contract
for patent lees $8,163 45; received for extra work
$516,218 41; total amountreeeived. $1,888,054 (16; leav-
ing a balance, excess of cost to them over and above
contract price, ot 8381,392 67."
Mr. President, as it is suggested that some
Senators desire to move an adjournment I have
no objection to give way now.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 11, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer,
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boykton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CIVIL BIGHTS BILL.
Mr. HOLMES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication transmitting a resolu-
tion of the Assembly of the State of New York,
which was read, as follows:
State of New Yokk, is Assembly
Albany, AprU 9, Iboo.
The following preamble and resolution wero this.
d Whereas,ainCt1i'e judgment of this House, tho "civil
rights bill''should become a law : Therefore,
JZesolved, That the action thereon by our Senators
in Congress, on the Gth instant, is approved, and our
Representatives in Congress are respectfully but ear-
nestly requested to voteforsaidbill,notwithstanding
the veto of the President.
By order of the Assembly ^
The resolution was laid on the table, and
ordered to bo printed.
message from tii13 senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 259) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to settle the claims of the State of
Kansas for services of the militia called out by
the Governor of that State upon the requisi-
tion of Major General Curtis, the commander
of the United Stages forces in'that State; and
An act (S. No. 156) making an additional
grant of lands to the State of Minnesota,_ in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of a railroad in said State.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WARNER. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
.gentleman from Connecticut making a per-
sonal explanation ?
There was no objection.
Mr. WARNEIl. In reference to my absence
on the vote upon the civil rights bill, I desire
to say that it was my understanding that I was
paired with Mr. Jonxsos. I see, however,
that he was announced as being absent on
account of sickness. Had I been present, and
had I understood that I was not regarded as
being paired, I should most cheerfully have
voted for the passage of that bill.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and fotlnd truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; which were thereupon
signed by tho Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 300) to reimburse the
State of Pennsylvania for moneys advanced
Government for war purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 223) to amend an act to
incorporate tho Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia; and
An act (11. R. No. 304) to confirm unto Au-
gustin Amiot, his legal assigns and represent-
atives, a certaiu lot of ground in the city of
St. Louis, in the State of Missouri.
REGISTRY OF VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent, to
report from tho Committee on Commerce a
bill (S. No. 89) entitled ''An act to issue Amer-
ican registers to tho steam vessels Michigan,
Dispatch, and William K. Muir."
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask whether
these vessels are exceptions to tho class ex-
cluded 
Mr. ELIOT. They are lake steameis,tin;
pesenl owners of which cannot use them^ since
the repeal of the reciprocity treaty without
American registers. Tlicy arc exceptional eases.
Mr. CHANLEIt. What I wish to inquire
is, whether they wero at any time excluded
under tho law excluding vessels which sheltered
themselves under the British flag.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir.
There being no objection,*
Mr. ELIOT reported from the Committee on
Commerce a bill (S. No. SI) entitled "An act
to issue American registers to the steam vessels
Michigan, Dispatch, and William K. Muir."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to issue
American registers to the Canadian-built steam-
ers Michigan and Dispatch, and the American-
built steamer William K. Muir of the collection
district of Detroit.
The Clerk read the amendment of the com-
mittee, as follows:
Add to the bill: ...
And American registers or enrollment, and license
to the following-named voxels, that is to say, to tho
sloop Jenny Lind of Wolt Island, of Oswego, Isew
York; the schooners Coquette, of Oakville, J[ronton,
of Trenton; Forest Queen,Two Brothers, ot Wailaeo-
burg, Minnetta of Gananoquc, and Ltabcth, ot Os-
wego, NewYork; the biirq no St. Elizabeth of Pro vi nce-
town, Massachusetts; tho barques Ad ranee and Acorn,
and schooner Asia, of Chicago, Illinois; the barges
Harvest, Ajax, arid Matilda,of Chicago, Illinois; the
steamer Prmee Albert, of Georgetown, District ot
Columbia: the brig Maithmd propeller Niagara,
and steamboat Canadian, ot Buffalo, I\cw York; the
schooner 15. P. Rycise, of Cleveland, 01no; the
schoonerEureka, of Margarettn.Ohio; thebrigantine
Citv of Toronto, of Brie, Pennsylvania; ana tne
schooncr Wavertreo, of Cleveland, Ohio.
The hill, as amended, was. ordered to a third-;
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to amend the title' of the
bill by adding the words '-and for other pur-
poses."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
wtich the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from the
Committee of Claims, made adverse reports
in the following cases; which wero laid upon
the table:
The petition of James S. Purdy, for indem-
nity for losses of property iu Virginia by Uni-
ted States troops.
Petition of C. and C. C. Gerhard, of Hcn-
rico county, Virginia, for indemnity for prop-
erty destroyed by Federal troops.
Petition of George S. Cox, of Alexandria,
Virginia, for indemnity for losses by the wax.
IMMIGRATION.
' Mr. AVARHBURNB, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to amend an act. entitled
"An act to encourage immigration," approved
July 4, 1804, and an act entitled "An act to
regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships, and other vessels," approved March 8,
1805; which wero road a first and second time,
and with the accompanying reportordered to be
printed and recommitted, with the understand-
ing that they should not be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
BALTIMOKU AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
Mr. McCULLOUGH, from the Committee
for thS District" of Columbia, reported back
House bill No. 888, to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within tho District of Columbia; and moved
that it be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WAS1TDURNH, of Illinois, moved to
rceonsidcrthc vote by which the bill was recom- .
mitted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. McCULLOUGIl. 1 hope that motion
will not bo agreed to.
Mr. WASilliURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the motion to lay upon the table in -order
to state my reason for making the motion to
reconsider and lay upon the table in all of those
cases. It is in -order that the regular order of
business may not bo interfered with at any
time by bringing up bills referred to commit-
tees. I do not think this bilUias any right to
be left in a position where tho gentleman can
bring it up at any time to tliq exclusion of other
business. 1 renew the motion to lay upon tho
table.
Mr. McCULLOUGIl, by unanimous consent,
withdrew the bill for tho present.
lieutenant edward kunckel.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that tho Commit-
tee on Military A Hairs be discharged from tho
further consideration of the papers of Lieuten-
ant Edward Kunckol, as the cose has been pro-
vided for in the general law ; and that leave be
granted for their withdrawal from the files of
the House.
It was ordered accordingly.
defense of montana.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Itesohed, Tha t tho Committee on the JJilitia be, and
nro herebv, instructed to inquire into the propriety
of furnishing citizens of Montana with lire-arms and
ammunition for immediate defense against the hos-
tile Indians of said Territory, and report by bill or
otherwise.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, ot Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims; submitted adverse
