1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-April 11,
reports on the following cases; which were laid
upon the table:
Petition of Dr. B. W. Lewis and others.
Petition of citizens of Cass county, Missouri,
for relief.
Petition of Colonel II. W. Cleveland.
Petition of Captain D. H. Buell.
Petition of William B. Merrill.
Petition of J. H. Tompkins.
Petition of representatives of Edward King.
Claim of David Elliott for property destroyed
by military authority.
Petition of Susan E. Perry, widow of Charles
M. Perry, deceased.
Petition of citizens of Paducah county for
compensation to Dr. J. Milton Best for prop-
erty destroyed by the United States officers
commanding at that place.
Petition of Edward Naret, of West Virginia,
for relief.
Memorial of Joseph B. Eaton for settlement
of claim for materials furnished for mounted
volunteers under General Fremont in Cali-
fornia.
Petition of Rev. R. Fuller for return of taxes.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, by unanimous consent, made adverse
reports in the following cases; which were
laid on the table:
Petition of Peter Acker.
Petition of Franklin Ball.
Petition of Anne C. Carroll.
Petition of Maria P. Fitzhugh.
Petition of county commissioners of Fred-
erick couuty, Maryland.
Petition of House V. Conover.
Petition of Captain D. E. Haynes.
Petition of Henry Krug.,
Petition of John P. Hax.
Petition of Columbus S. Lancaster.
Petition of Mary P. Mullen.
Petition of George T. Rider.'
Petition of Major F. A. Savoyier.
Petition of George Reynolds.
Petition of Pardon Worsley.
Petition of Colonel William Gates.
Petition of James F. Johnson.
Petition of Mrs. Mary Ann Shoemaker.
Petition of mayor and city council of Balti-
more.
Petition of E. A. Daytons
Petition of Richard M. Robinson.
Petition of James M. Cassity.
LAND OFFICE IN IDAHO.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Pub-
lip Lands, by unanimous consent, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 249) to establish a land office
in the Territory of Idaho.
The bill was read; also the recommendation
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. CHANLER._ I do not understand this
very clearly. Is this an appropriation bill ?
Mr. DRIGGS. It is not. It simply estab-
lishes a land office in the usual way, in accord-
ance with the recommendation of the Commis-
sioner.
The SPEAKER. There is no appropria-
tion in the bill, i
The bill was read the third time and passed.
PAY OF THE AE5IY.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported an amendment in the
nature of a substitute to House bill No. 450, to
regulate the pay of the Army, and asked that
a day bo assigned for its consideration, say to-
morrow week.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will postpone it to a later day. It
is one of the most important subjects that can
come before the House, and it requires much
examination. It is changing the whole sys-
tem of payment, and I hope it will not be
assigned to so early a day.
Mr. SCHENCK. Say to-day two weeks,
after the morning liQjir, and from day to day
until disposed of.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. THORNTON from the Committee of
Claims, by unanimous consent, made adverse
reports on the following cases ; which were laid
on the table:
Petition of Harrison Gill.
Petition of W. E. Bolls, administrator of
John A. Stevens.
Petition of James Nokes.
Petition of communicants of Payne chapel,
African Methodist Episcopal church, at Atlanta,
Georgia,
Petition of Elias J. Penduck.
Petition of John E. Williamson.
Petition of William Mercer.
Petition of Major James S. Simpson.
Petition of Robert Granger.
Petition of Mrs. Charlotte E. Read.
WILLIAM MERCER.
Mr. BUNDY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas WilliamMercer, of the county of Ross,
and State of Ohio, did furnish the following sons and
grandson for the Army of the United States during
the rebellion, to wit: James M. Mercer, John P.
Mercer, Thomas J. Mcrcer, William It. Mercer, Jo-
seph T. Mercer. Henry T. Mercer, and George W.
Mercer, sons; and Bentley Mercer, grandson of the
said William Mercer, some of whom were minors
and were killed or died in the service, and upon such
deceased minor sons the said William Mercer and
wife depended for a living; and whereas the said
William Mercer and his wife are aged and infirm and
without the necessary means to support them in their
old age and want: Therefore,
_ Be it resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be requested to inquire into the propriety of pla-
cing the name of the said William Mercer on the list
of invalid pensioners; and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
ftesolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire whether any legislation be neces-
sary to make sharesin national banksliableto attach-
ment and levy and execution under State laws for the
payment of the debts of the owner, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
PAY TO RETURNED PRISONERS.
Mr. ECKLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
inquire into the expediency of allowing three months'
extra pay to the returned prisoners who survived
the fate of the steamer Sultana, the same as other
returned prisoners are allowed.
DINNER TO AN EX-CONORESSMAN.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following
resolution :
Whereas the following item has appeared in a
mormBg paper:
" A DINNER TO AS BX-COXGRESSMAN.
"New York, April 10.—The Manhattan Club of
this city propose to give Mr. James Brooks a public
dinner next Monday. Messrs. Stockton and D. W.
Yoorhees are" expected to be present.''
. Therefore.
Resolved, That the chairman of the Committee of
Elections of this House, and such others of that com-
mittee as may be invited, be granted leave of absence
to attend said meeting and dinner.
[•Laughter. ]
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I desire to
offer an amendment to that resolution.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I withdraw tlie reso-
lution.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a personal ex-
planation.
No objection was made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In an editorial article
in the Baltimore American on the day follow-
ing the day on which the last vote was taken
on the civil rights bill in the House, I am
reported as being among the number of those
who made dilatory motions for the purpose of
delay and of defeating the bill. It is well
known in the House that I was very anxious
to arrive at a vote on that bill, and, of course,
I made no motions for delay. Whatever credit
there may be to any person for any delaving
motions perhaps belongs to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldmdge,] and a mis-
take has been made, probably honestly, by
inserting my name instead of his. Ifany credit
be due, it is due to the gentleman from Wis-
consin, who, I remember, made several dila-
tory motions on that occasion.
1 hope the correspondent of the Baltimore
American will do me the justice to have the
mistake corrected, and set me right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois that he has seen a
correction in the American of to-day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am much obliged for
the correction.
PAYMASTERS OF 1'IIE ARMY.
Mr. UPSON, and Mr. HARDING of Illi-
nois, called for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 475, for
the relief of paymasters of the Army, which was
pending when the morning hour closed on yes-
terday.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the bill be
read.
The bill was read atlength. It provides that
there shall be allowed and paid to the pay-
masters and additional paymasters of the Army,
who shall have been employed in the payment
of troops during the war of the rebellion, a
commission of one quarter of one per cent,
upon all sums actually disbursed by them, as a
compensation for the risks and labors attend-
ing such service ; and the amount which may
become due to any paymaster or additional
paymaster under this act shall be paid to him
by any paymaster of the Army, out of moneys
which have been or may be appropriated for
the pay of the Army, upon a certificate to be
issued to him by the Second Auditor of the
Treasury so soon as the accounts of such pay-
master or additional paymaster shall have been
examined and adjusted; provided the commis-
sion to any one paymaster shall not exceed at
the rate of 51,000 per annum for the time that
he was actually in service and employed as a
disbursing officer during the war, from the com-
mencement thereof until the cessation of active
hostilities on the 13th day of April, 18C5.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the bill
by inserting before the words "paymasters and
additional paymasters," the -words "all per-
sons who have served as," so that it will read,
"there shall be allowed and paid to all persons
who have served as paymasters and additional
paymasters," &o. 1 propose this amendment,
as otherwise there might be some ambiguity
which would lead to a misconstruction of the
bill. .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following:
Provided further. That the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department be, and they are
hereby, authorized aud directed, in the settlement of
the accounts of the paymasters of the Army for dis-
bursements madeby them during therecent rebellion,
to allow and credit to such paymasters all charges m
their said accounts for the payments actually niado
by them to the troops in good faith and without
fraudulent practice or intent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I also offer the following
amendment:
Provided farther. That no such allowance shall bo
made until the Paymaster General shall bo satisfied
by full and complete proof that such payments havo
been actuallypaid in good faith, and without fraudu-
lent practice and intent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS; Mr. Speaker, I desire to learn,
before I vote for this bill, why this principle is
now presented in this House of increasing the
compensation of paymasters. So for as I have
any knowledgeupon this subject, there has been
great anxiety through the country to obtain
positions as paymasters, even at the salary or
pay which those officers receive under the law.
Now, although it may be very agreeable to any
gentleman who has performed the duty of pay-
master to receive thia additional compensation,
