1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3815
upper Mississippi river, being duly sworn, state on
oath, t hat they believe the bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at Clinton, Iowa, as at present constructed,
is a very material obstruction to the navigation of
the Mississiapi river: that they each and all have had
experience in the navigation through the draw of
said bridge and speak from actual experience and
knowledge: that the same causes great risk to life
and property in passing through the same, and causes
groat delay and loss to owners by detention on ac-
count of wind or darkness at times when but for the
bridge that portion of the river could be run with per-
leet ease and safety; that the said bridge is located
where there is a curve in the river, and the piers are
set at an angle of from ten to fifteen degrees^o the
current, causing great difficulty in the approach to the
draw, and danger of collision; that the draw is only
one hundred and twenty feet in width, and the diffi-
culty is greatly increased when boats have barges in
tow."
It is known to us in the West, although it
may not be known to the members from the
Bast, that we can carry grain better and cheaper
in these barges on the Mississippi river.
" That the average width of a large boat, includ-
ing guards, is nearly sixty feet, and the additional
width of two barges would be about fifty feet more,
bo that only ten feet margin, or five feet on each side,
is allowed. That where there is a current this mar-
gin is entirely too small for safe navigation, even in
calm weather; and when there is any wind, or it is
dark, the danger is greatly enhanced."
Will gentlemen sanction this? Will gentle-
men sanction a bill of this kind ?• Will they
say that this shall be a post route and there is
to be no remedy in all time for the suffering
people? Are we to be tied up forever? Are
we to be made tributary to these railroad com-
panies? I say no; and I call upon the House
to place the seal of its condemnation upon this
matter. The moment you strike at the free
navigation of the Mississippi river you strike
a deadly blow at every farmer in the North-
west.
How was it in regard to the Rook Island
bridge? Although we had no remedy for want
of jurisdiction, still it was such a nuisance that
its friends finally gave it up. What has this
House done? This House has passed an act
at this session so that this bridge may be re-
moved. We then hoped, when that great curse
and obstruction was removed, we should be
able to get this Cliuton bridge removed or
changed, so as not so greatly to obstruct navi-
gation ; but here comes a proposition to legal-
ize this bridge and make it an eternal nui-
sance.
But does the House know another thing?
After the Senate had passed upon this question
of bridges, and after it was discussed there for
days while we are cut down to half an hour;
after they discussed it and passed the bill before
the House, what did the Senate do? In the
river and harbor bill they placed the follow-
ing which we adopted, and it has since become
the law of the land:
"Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, ThattheSecretary
Of War is hereby directed to cause examinations or
surveys, or both, as aforesaid, to bemado.at tho fol-
lowing points, namely: of tho Mississippi river, be-
tween Fort Snclling and the falls of St. Anthony
and the upper or Rock river rapidsof the Mississippi
river, with a view to ascertain tho most feasible means,
by eeonomi7Ang tho water of the stream, of insuring
the passage, at ail navigable seasons, ot boats draw-
ing four leet of water; of the Minnesota river, from
its mouth to the Yellow Medicine river, in order to
ascertain the practicability and expense, by slack-
water navigation or otherwise, of securing the con-
tinued navigability of said stream during the usual
season of navigation, and for examining and reporting
upon the subject of constructing railroad brirlaes across
the Mississippi river, between St. Paul, in Minnesota,
and St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, upon such
plans of construction as will offer the least impediment
to the navigation of the river."
Thatis what the Senate did. Believing noth-
ing should be done without official examina-
tion, they put in that amendment, and we have
adopted it, and it is now the law of the land.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask the gentleman whether
in his statement that sixty steamers and two
millions of property had been lost on the river,
he meant to say that these losses were on ac-
count of these boats coming in contact with
the bridge, and whether the losses would have
occurredhad it not been for the bridge. Asthe
gentleman did not make this point clear, I
hope he will answer the question.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, .of Illinois. I said
We have evidence that sixty-four steamboats
were lost, wrecked, or injured by this bridge,
and that the value of that property was esti-
mated at $2,000,000. One steamboat lost there
was worth $200,000—one of the most beautiful
boats that ever floated on our waters. The
Gray Eagle, the pride of the upper Missis-
sippi, commanded by a friend and neighbor,
Captain Smith Harris, the most skillful pilot
on the river, going out.full loaded with freight
and passengers, ran against the pier and went
down and all was lost. And not only has this
vast amount of property been lost, but a great
many lives have been lost also, as well as vast
amounts of lumber.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, my constituents
will think it strange if I sit here and listen to
the statement that sixty-four steamboats have
been lost without making some reply. Now,
I have lived in sight of the bridge, and see it
every day, and there never have been but three
boats lost there during the last season, one
burned and two sunk. One of those sunk was
the Gray Eagle, and another a small boat.
This is news to all the people that live there.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. It may be
news to the gentleman from Iowa, but it is not
news to the commissioners that examined the
matter. I have the book here. ,
Mr. PRICE. It may be in the book but not
in the river.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The book
shows t&at sixty-four steamers and a large num-
ber of rafts were lost, wrecked, or damaged.
This is a communication addressed to the Sec-
retary of War by members of the House from
tho West, upon which he ordered the survey
of the Rock Island bridge, which it is alleged
is no greater obstruction to navigation than the
Clinton bridge. Oneoftlie commissioners was
Captain (now General) Humphreys, Captain
(now General) Meade, and Captain (now Gen-
eral) Franklin. After applying certain prin-
ciples to this examination they say: .
l< The board is constrained with extreme regret to
report that all of these havo been violated, thus ren-
dering the bridgenotonly an obstruction to tho navi-
gation of tbe river, but one materially greater than
there was any occasion for."
That is the testimony of these engineers, and
is it not to be received here'!
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Alley] has undertaken to tell me a great
deal about this bridge. It is within sixty
miles of where I have lived for more than
twenty-six years, and among a people that I
have always known, and there is not a day
in the year that it is not a subject of conver-
sation among them. Every steamboat man,
every merchant, every lumberman talks of it.
My friend from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] inti-
mates that he is going to vote for this prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts
to dam up the Mississippi. If he do, I hope
he will have a happy time with his constitu-
ents. I undertake to say it will add two cents
to every bushel of wheat shipped from his State
in the cost, and an additional freight and rate
of insurances besides. And I would like to
call his attention to something his own people
have done in this matter of the free navigation
of the great Father of Waters.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York. I would
like to ask the gentleman to state the number
of accidents that have occurred there.
Mr. WASHBU14NE, of Illinois. I know
there have been innumerable accidents there,
and great damage done in various ways. I
know the testimony is that this bridge is about
the same kind of obstruction as the Rock Isl-
land bridge. Why, sir, you have made appro-
priations of hundreds of thousands of dollars
to improve the rapids of the Mississippi. There
is no person interested in navigation on the
Mississippi who will not tell you that these
bridges have been infinitely more damage to
commerce than those rapids ever were i'rom
the beginning of navigation of the riven In
the river and harbor bill yon appropriated
$800,000 to improve the rapids, and now it is
proposed to impede the navigation of the river,
as you must do most effectually by this bill. If
you do I would ask the House to repeal that
clause of the river and harbor bill,- for the
appropriation will do no good.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York. Will the
gentleman yield for a question ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is unrea-
sonable for the gentleman to ask me to yield.
He is on the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. I have been obliged to run over
this subject very hurriedly. I have spoken
very rapidly and disconnectedly, but with ear-
nestness, because I feel in earnest. I have no
interest in steamboat stocks or railroad stocks
or any other stocks. I have very little interest
anywhere except once in awhile when I see a
deadly blow being struck at the people to whom
I owe everything that I am—if I am anything—
at the people among whom I have lived for
more than a quarter of a century, and also have
upheld and sustained me because I have upheld
and sustained them. I have found that the
people are a better reliance at the polls than
your monopolies and your corporations. The
people can give votes if they have not quite as
much money as these corporations. Sir, I
stand by the interest of the people, and there I
intend to stand. 1 have appealed to this House
to say that if this bridge is to remain it will be
the same as all other bridges. No corrupt dis-
crimination in favor of this Clinton bridge
nuisance, but let all be equal. I ask my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] so near mc, who is
a fair, honorable, and just man, why make this
exception? Why, after its being shown that
this is not a sufficient width of dray, as the
committee themselves have decided by making
it one hundred and sixty feet, why take this
out from all the others and legalize it ? I put
that question to every member of the House.
But my time presses, and I must close with-
out saying half I wish to say. I agreed to
yield a moment to my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Mooeuead,] I yield the remainder
of my time to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Mooehead.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask simply to have a
letter of one of my constituents read. I will
state before it is read that the writer, Captain
Gray, is largely interested in steamboats navi-
gating the river that pass riglit under this bridge,
and he is one of the most intelligent steamboat
men residing in my district.
The Clerk read as follows;
PlTTSBtme, March 22, 1866.
Dear Sir ; Permit me to call your attenl ion to tho
fact that a member of Congress will introduce a bill
declaring the "Clinton bridge" a post route. Said
bridge is only one hundred and sixteen feet wide in
tlio draw, and i- a serious obstruction to the naviga-
tion of the upper Mississippi, and a matter in which
your constituents aro largely interested. If all tho
bridges on the upper rivers were compelled to make
the dio.ws "two hundrodfeetin thoelear" they would
be comparatively no obstruction to navigation. I
hope when this bill comes up that you will perceive
the necessity of protecting the river interests, and
offer such amendments as will do so. The great Mis-
sissippi should not be obstructed by any such barrieis,
and tho people of tho West have laige portions of
their grain shipped in "barges," and a few such
bridges will effectually stop cheap transportation.
I respectfully call your attention to this bill.
yours, &«., It. 0. GRAY.
Hon. J. K. Moorhead.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I wish simply
to state that I coincide with the views of my
colleague in relation to the Clinton bridge, and
I hope it will not be legalized by an amendment
to this bill.
Mr. ALLEY. I now yield five minutes to my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall not occupy five min-
utes. My object in rising is to state my position
as a member of the committee and also as a mem-
ber of this House. My absence from the com-
mittee for a long time during the winter and,
spring prevented me from making that investi-
gation of this measure that I desired. The rule
which would govern me in this matter is that
no draw-bridge ought to be established over any
navigable waters unless it is clearly shown that
the span of the bridge could not be erected
without enormous expense. 1 have not bad an
opportunity of ascertaining whether that is tho
ease, with all these bridges or not. I have been
satisfied in my own mind that in one or two-
