2856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
tiie State. I hope it will be found consistent
with public duty, and with a proper exercise of
power on the part of the executive depart-
ment of this Government, to see that these
men shall not be abandoned, but that treason
shall be suppressed in its fiendish utterances
against these loyal men.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to make a state-
ment in regard to the matter before the Senate.
I received a letter from a gentleman of high
standing in Staunton, a few days after the peti-
tion was presented to this body asking for
troops to be sent for the protection of loyal
men, stating to me that the signatures were, in
the judgment of the people there, forgeries. I
answered his letter only the other day. I called
upon the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs some time ago to know if I could
get a copy of the petition. He said I could,
and I received one in the Senate but three or
four days ago.
I am further informed by the gentleman that
when the person who professed to act as a
notary public had that paper before him there
was nothing in the form of a petition over the
names. There was a paper containing names,
and the petition was subsequently drawn over
the names. I am satisfied myself, from the
representations of the gentleman in Staunton
who wrote to me upon the subject, that the
signatures to this paper are forgeries to a great
extent, and I am told by a gentleman who has
inspected the original petition that in his judg-
ment the names were signed by the same pen
and the same ink, all except three, and by the
same individual.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to move a recon-
sideration of a nomination in executive session.
Mr. CLARK. I move that we proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. POLAND. I believe we are in execu-
tive session.
Mr. CONNESS. No; the Senate voted to
go into executive session, but the doors, as I
understand, have been considered open for
certain business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts commenced reading a
letter and the Chair asked if there was any
objection to its being read. None was made,
and the letter was read. The Senator from
California then went on to make remarks, and
then the Senator from Delaware. The doors
were open during this time, certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I move now that they be
considered closed, and that we go on with
executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is
put. I should like to say a word in reply to a
statement made by the Senator from Dela-
ware, which 1 think is unjust to the parties
who sent this petition here. The petition
referred to was presented by me. I have had
two or three letters from the gentleman.who
inclosed me the petition, and I have seen one
person who knew him and spoke of him as a
respectable gentleman. I have no doubt what-
ever of the authenticity of the petition. Imme-
diately after the Senator from Delaware applied
to mo for a copy of the petition, I was apprized
by a letter from Staunton that parties had made
threats against those who signed this petition.
There is nothing in the petition improper for
any person to have asked of Congress. The
parties simply claimed protection as loyal men.
That was all there was in their petition, with
the addil ion of a statement that they could not
obtain their rights through the local tribunals,
-which I am satisfied from many letters I have
received is true, not only in Augusta county,
Virginia, but elsewhere. I have no doubt that
the motive which inspired this attempt to get
the names of the parties signed to this petition
was for the purpose of persecuting them there.
I have seen, since this petition came here, a
Staunton paper, and there are a number of
articles in it on the subject; among others
there are statements by parties whose names
were signed to this petition, some of them stat-
ing that they did not understand it when they
signed it, did not know the character of it. I
was informed that an attempt had been made
to intimidate the parties who had signed the
paper and get them to disavow it, that there had
been such a public pressure brought to bear
upon them that they were making various
excuses to avoid the persecutions that it was
likely to visit upon them, and that in some
instances, as the Senator from Delaware has
intimated now, it was charged that the names
were forged. The parties wrote life for the
Original petition to show that the men'snames
were there. They were not willing to rest
under such imputation as that of having sent
a petition here with names that were never
signed by the parties. The original petition
has been sent out there to confront those who
make such a statement.
Now, sir, I have no doubt in the world of
the authenticity of the petition from all that I
have heard in regard to it. As I stated, I have
had more than one letter from the gentleman
who inclosed it to me, who is represented to
me—I do not know him personally—to be a
citizen resident there in Augusta county, and
there were affidavits accompanying the peti-
tion stating that the parties whose names were
signed were residents there. I know none of
them; but I state these facts, and I think it
very unjust to the petitioners to have the
imputation cast upon them here that the names
signed were forgeries. It looks to me very
much more like an attempt on the part of that
wicked spirit which prevails, I am sorry to
say, in some portions of the South to perse-
cute any man who is loyal and true to the
Union and has been so during the rebellion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. One word, Mr. Pres-
ident. All I have to say in reply to the Sen-
ator from Illinois is that he acts upon his own
information ; he forms his own judgment from
the information he has received from Staunton.
I form mine upon the information that I have
received, and I know that my information
comes from sources that at least entitle it to
my respect and confidence. I was assured, in
a letter, that diligent inquiry had been made
to ascertain who it was, if there was any one
there that had signed such a petition, and no
one could be found.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to inquire why was such an inquiry insti-
tuted? What was the object of it?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will tell the Senator
why it was. It was because it was believed that
there was an attempt made to misrepresent the
men of Staunton and of that county, and for
some purpose of private malice against some
particular individuals to have soldiers sent
there to be quartered upon and to oppress the
people. That was the object, as I understand
from the letter. Now. sir, if there is any dis-
position to persecute any man on account of
his loyalty or otherwise, in Staunton or in Au-
gusta county, I am no party to that; but I as
firmly believe that the statement made to me
is true, from the gentleman from whom I re-
ceived it, as the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois believes that his information is correct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Delaware one question: if he him-
self would countenance the visiting of popular
censure upon any man for sending a petition
in respectful terms to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, whether he agreed with his views
or not?
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This dis-
cussion is proceeding only by the unanimous
consent of the Senate. It is not necessary that
a motion be made to go into executive session;
but it is the duty of the Chair to execute that
order of the Senate whenever requested to do
so by any Senator.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to say a word
in reply to the question put to me by the Sen-
ator" from Illinois. I have condemned, and
have had cause to condemn in the bitterest
terms, petitions sent from my own neighbor-
hood and from my own State to get the military
quartered upon us—petitions sent for soldiers
to keep us from the polls. So, when the Sen-
ator asks me if I would condemn a man for
signing a petition which was respectful in its
terms, I say yes. It is according to the subject-
matter ; I would condemn no man for asking
in respectful terms for a remedy for any existing
wrong; but when his object is oppression,
himself, then I would condemn him.
Jlr. TRUMBULL. Would you not allow
him to judge whether it was wrong or not ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Ihave aright to judge,
too.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The (/hair
must execute the order of the Senate, and have
the doors closed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that is done I
wish to make an appeal to the Senator from
Rhode Island to withdraw his motion for a
moment. His motion, I believe, is to ad-
journ.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion has been withdrawn. The Senate made
an order some time ago that it proceed to the
consideration of executive business, but by'
common consent this discussion went on until
interrupted by another motion to go into exec-
utive session. On that motion being called to
the attention of the Chair it becomes the duty
of the Chair to execute the order already made
and have the doors closcd.
Mr. HENDRICKS Before the Chair exe-
cutes that order I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to make one inquiry. I wish to
inquire whether a Senator can in any case be
called upon to explain why he has obtained a
copy of a document on the files of the Sen-
ate, which is a public document, not belonging
to the executive files of the body. I do not.
understand this. I have always thought that
when a constituent of mine wrote to me for
anything that appertained to the public busi-
ness of the Senate I had a right, without any
question about it, to send him information in
regard to it. If I am wrong about that I want
to know it. I do not want to get into any
scrapes. I supposed that all the documents
of the Senate in public session were public-
documents of the country, and that we could
send them if printed, or furnish copies of them
if not printed, or information of their concents,
without being questioned about it. The reason
I make the inquiry is that I am surprised that
it is thought necessary in the Senate to make
any explanation for having furnished to any-
body a copy of any document that is public in
its character and belongs to the files of the
Senate. If I am wrong about it, I should like
to know.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Senator from
Indiana is under a misapprehension. The other
clay the Senator from Illinois asked leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate an ori-
ginal petition for the purpose of returning it to
the friends of the petitioners in Staunton, Vir-
ginia, on the allegation that it was asserted
there that some of the names to the petition
had been forged, and there was an attempt to
get the names for the purpose of prosecuting
or persecuting some of the parties there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Illinois in that respect
was entirely proper.
Mr. CLARK. But with that application the
name of Mr. Segar, of Virginia, became con-
nected in some way. Now, Mr. Segar comes
in with a paper to explain his connection with
the matter. That is all there is to it. There
is no question arising as to the conduct of any
Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is all I wanted to
know. Now, I wish to suggest on this question
of adjournment, before the motion is put 
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not to adjourn. That has been withdrawn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But I presume it will
be renewed.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from In-
