416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[duly 28,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
lars from the date of the ratification of the
treaty at the rate of five per cent per annum
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as per third article treaty
of June fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to cause the line dividing the Greek
country as provided for by the terms of the
sale of the Creek land to the United States in
article third, as per eighth article treaty of
June fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, four thousand dollars.
For the erection of agency buildings, as per
ninth article treaty of June fourteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to cause a census of the Creeks to be
taken, as per first clause, tenth article treaty
of June fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, two thousand live hundred dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the expenses incurred in
negotiating treaty of June fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, as per fourteenth arti-
cle of said treaty, ten thousand dollars.
For transportation of such articles as may
be purchased for the Creek nation of Indians
under treaty of June fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, seven thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for the objects
hereinafter expressed, viz:
Office of the United States depositary,
Louisville:
For salary of cashier, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For salary of book-keeper, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For salary of assistant cashier, one thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars.
For salary of clerk, one thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For contingent expenses, six hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
Office United States depositary, Chicago:
For salary of cashier, one thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of clerk, one thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses, four hundred dol-
lars.
Office United States depositary, Pittsburg:
For salary of cashier, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of assistant cashier, one thousand
dollars.
For salary of watchman, nine hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses, two hundred dol-
lars.
Office UnitedStates depositary, Baltimore:
For salary of cashier, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For salary of clerk, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of clerk, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of clerk, one thousand dollars.
For salary of clerk, twelve hundred dollars.
For salary of messenger, nine hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses, three hundred and
sixty dollars.
Office United States Assistant Treasurer,
San Francisco:
For salary of cashier, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of book-keeper, two thousand
dollars.
Office United States depositary, Cincin-
nati :
For salary of assistant cashier, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For salary of assistant cashier, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For salary of assistant cashier, one thousand
dollars.
For salary of teller, one thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of book-keeper, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salary of two clerks, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salary of clerk, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses, two thousand dol-
lars.
That so much of any money in the Treasury
known as the "commutation fund" as maybe
necessary be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated for the payment to loyal persons claim-
ing service or labor from colored volunteers or
drafted men, the amounts heretofore, or here-
after to be awarded them under the provisions
of section twenty-fourth of the act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled an act for enroll-
ing and calling out the national forces and for
other purposes approved February twenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four," for
each person so claimed to be held to service
or labor who has enlisted or been drafted into
the military service of the United States; but
such payment shall in no case be made to any
person except upon satisfactory proof that the
claimant has firmly and faithfully maintained
his or her adherence and allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, by defending its
cause against the government and forces of the
so-called confederate States of America, in all
suitable and practicable ways, and according
to his or her ability and opportunity: Provided,
That no money shall be paid under the fore-
going provision until the final report of the
commissioners under the act aforesaid shall
have been made ou all the claims embraced
in the twenty-fourth section of said act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so
much of "An act making additional appropria-
tions, and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations, for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
for other purposes," approved April seventh,
eighteen hundred- and sixty-six, as provides
"for compensation of the revenue agent sta-
tioned at New York, in addition to the sum
authorized by act of June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, including one thousand
dollars for the current fiscal year, two thou-
sand dollars," be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That nine
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars, o"r
so much thereof as shall be necessary, is hereby
appropriated out of the revenues of the Post
Office Department, to supply the deficiency
for the mail service for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each
watchman in the public buildings and grounds
under the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
whose pay is less than one thousand dollars a
year, shall, from the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, receive a compensation
of nine hundred dollars per annum.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That from
and after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, the compensation of the
Metropolitan police force of the District of Co-
lumbia be, and the same is hereby, increased
as follows, viz: twenty dollars per month, and
the necessary sum required is hereby appro-
priated ; also, an additional increase of ten
dollars a month, said additional increase to be
borne by the cities of Washington and George-
town, and the county of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, in the proportion equal
to the number of patrolmen allotted severally
to the city at Washington, to the city of George-
town, and county of Washington outside of the
corporate limits; and the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, and the levy court of said
county, be, and they are hereby, authorized
and empowered to levy a special tax not ex-
ceeding one quarter of one per centum for the
purpose aforesaid, and for no other purpose
whatsoever.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorized to dispose of the property saved from
the rebel steamer Florida, and distribute the.
proceeds thereof as other prize money is re-
quired by law to be distributed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That mid-
shipmen and acting midshipmen in the Navy
of the United States shall be entitled to one
ration, or commutation therefor.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That so
much of th'e act approved March third, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three, entitled 1' An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, and for other pur-
poses," as appropriates three thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars for a.minister resident
"in Greece, be and the same is hereby repealed.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
there is hereby appropriated for the payment
of traveling expenses of the members of the
first regiment of Michigan cavalry from the
place, in Utah Territory, where they were
mustered out of service, in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, to the place of their
enrollment, a sum sufficient to allow each
"member three hundred and twenty-five dol-
lars, deducting therefrom the amount paid to
each for commutation of travel, pay, and sub-
sistence by the Government, when thus mus-
tered out, and that the accounts be settled and
paid under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the act to carry into effect the
treaties between the United States and China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries, giv-
ing certain judicial powers to ministers and con-
suls, or other functionaries of the United States,
in those countries, and for other purposes, ap-
proved, June twenty-second, eighteen hundred
and sixty, shall extend to Egypt; and the con-
sul general at Alexandria shall have the power
provided by section twenty-two of such act for
the consul general or consul residing at the cap-
ital of a country where there is no minister.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
each and every soldier who enlisted into the
Army of the United States, after the nineteenth
day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
for a period of not less than three years, and
having served the time of his enlistment has
been honorably discharged, and who has re-
ceived or who is entitled to rcceive from the
United States under existing laws, a bounty
of one hundred dollars and no more, and any
such soldier enlisted for not less than three
years, who has been honorably discharged on
account of wounds received in the line of duty,
and the widow, minor children or parents in the
order named, of any such soldier who died in
the service of the United States or of disease
or wounds contracted while in the service, and
in the line of duty, shall be paid the additional
bounty of one hundred dollars hereby author-
ized.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That to
each and every soldier who enlisted into the
Army of the UnitedStates, after the fourteenth
day of April, eighteen hundred and sixiyonc,
for a period of not less than two yearn and who
