1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
labored, and they reach the extent 1 speak of,
y 'tiiout any imputation of fraud or wrong on
the part of the paymasters themselves.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to inquire of the chair-
roan of the committee if this bill makes any
discrimination in regard to paymasters. If it
does not I propose to amend it by inserting in
lino seven, after the word "them," the words
"to troops actually serving in the field;" so
that the provision will read as follows:
That there shall bo allowed and paid to the pay-
masters and additional paymasters of the Army, who
shall have been employed in the payment of troops
during the war of the rebellion, a commission of one
quarter of one per cent, upon all sums actually dis-
bursed by tliem to troops actually serving in tlie field,
as a compensation for the risks and labors attending
sucliserviee.
I think only those paymasters who performed
their duties faithfully in the field, amid discom-
fort and danger, should receive the benefit of
this provision.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I shall have no
objection to the amendment if it is offered at
the proper time. So far as I can judge from
hearing it, it strikes me as unobjectionable.
But, sir, when I am attempting to give an
idea of a bill, it is very inconvenient to be in-
terrupted with an amendment and remarks upon
it, which a gentleman proposes to offer here-
after, because it disjoints everything like a con-
nected presentation of the subject.
Mr. SMITH. This is a part of the^discus-
sion.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman shall have
an opportunity to offer it. I am inclined to
think it may be well to insert the words the
gentleman proposes.
Mr. DARLING. Will the gentleman yield
a momsnl?
Mr. SCHENCK. These gentlemen are al-
ways imposing upon my amiability. [Laughter. ]
Sir. DARLING-. How many paymasters are
there in the Army?
Mr. SCHENCK. Five or six hundred of
these additional paymasters.
Mr. DARLING. What would be the largest
amount in the aggregate that any one of them
would receive?
Mr. SCHENCK. We have taken care of
that in the bill; it is not to exceed $1,000 per
annum.
Mr. DARLING. How many years have
they served?
Mr. SCIiENCK. How long has the war
lasted? It commenced, I believe, with the
firing on Port Sumter, and ended the loth of
Ajiril, 1805.
Mr. DARLING. Then, sir, they would re-
ceive $4,000 each, which would make a sum
total of about two million five hundred thou-
sand dollars. Now, I would like to know
whether the gentleman would not be perfectly
willing to include in his bill paymasters of the
Navy. The Paymasters of the Army rank
as majors, and receive about three thousand
dollars per annum. They have been enabled
to keep fast horses, and I do not know but fast
other tilings. I have seen them in the city of
New York sporting around, and I know that a
large amount of Government money held by
them has been used in Wall street for specu-
lating purposes. There are many cases of this
kind, and the paymasters of the Navy ha\ e been
through all the perils of the war, and received
only ip1,400 per annum; their responsibilities
have been equally great and their personal risk
a great deal more.
Now, I am in favor of doing justice to all
diese officers, both of the Army and of the
■\avy. 1 am disposed to be liberal in all these
matters. liuf, I do not want to see any class
! .'gislation. I do not want to see this class of
men benefited by the provisions of a bill of
this kind, while another class equally deserv-
ing, and who have suffered equally as much
and received a great deal less, are entirely
ignored.
Now, it is well known that paymasters of
the Army have had in their possession large
amounts of Government funds, and have been
able to loan that money out at interest.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman
must have finished his question, which has be-
come so expansive, by this time. [Laughter.]
It seems that instead of explaining anything
connected with this bill, I must answer speech
after speech interjected into mine as I en-
deavor to proceed. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Darlixg] has discovered a new
objection, that this bill does no}, include the
paymasters of the Navy. Well, as to that, I
have only to reply that nothing connected with
the Navy has been referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. That matter belongs to
the Naval Committee, and surely we are not
to be held responsible for not having proposed
legislation about matters in no way or manner
coming within the jurisdiction of the commit-
tee which I represent.
Since the gentleman, however, has "sailed
in," anc^wants us to turn our attention to the
Navy, I have but to make this remark, that the
payments made by paymasters of the Navy
are made to crews afloat, within the limits of
shipboard, where they have their clients before
them and with them; where they can proceed-
at leisure; where they are not interrupted by
the exigencies of the battle or the march, the
bivouac or the camp, or by the storms which
sometimes interrupt men out in the open air,
but from which the naval paymaster can take
refuge at the pay table, which may be between
deck. There may be reasons for the relief of
paymasters on land service which do not apply
to paymasters of the Navy.
I do not want to be understood, however, as
making any speech in advance against any
proper bill reported at a proper time from the
proper committee for the relief of naval pay-
masters, if that relief be thought proper and
just.
1 am only 16d to these remarks by the sugges-
tion made by the gentleman from New York,
who thinks this bill defective because in does
not embrace the Navy.
To show something of the character of the
difficulties under which officers of the Army of
the United States labored during the late war,
I will have one of the many, many letters and
communications made to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and to members of this House,
upon this subject, read in the hearing of the
House. I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask
to have read, a portion of a letter from an in-
telligent paymaster in the Army, in reference
to his own particular case.
I will say, before it is read, that I can vouch
for it as a generally accurate picture of the
troubles and difficulties under which these
officers labored in their attempts to perform
their duties during the late war.
The Clerk read, as follows :
"I remained in the service as paymaster as long as
my services weie needed and then asked to be relieved
from further duty, which was honorably granted. I
entered the service fiom pure patriotic motive?, at a
sacrifice in my business and the comforts of home and
my family, and performed my duties to the ben of my
ability, securing the approval of all with whom jlury
called me in contact, and the special confidence* and
approval of my superior officer; and whatever others
may have done, 1 hare the proud consciousness of hav-
ing served my country faithfully. But owing to our
situation in thedepartmentof thoCumberland,while
our officers were in Louisville, Kentucky, our duties
woreintho field, in front; in Tennessee, Alabama, arid
Georgia.where we had to collect ourrolls, calculate the
pay, and extend therolK amlpay them, in theerowded
tents of the ofheers in the greatest haste, as they wore
often under marching order.-, sometimes und"]- the fire
ot the enemy, and oiten in severe storijis of rain and
wind; sometimes in the Highland all night Ion?. At
Bridgeport, Alabama, in December, KG I figured the
rolls and paid a regiment a day (besides paying corps,
division, and brigade staffs) for over two weeks. In
Jjovomber, I paid troops at Chattanooga and
hmggold, Tennessee, and commenced paying Gen-
eral Sherman's army at Rome, Ceorgia, in a severe
storm, until rain and darkness closed our work; con-
tinuing it at Kingston, sometimes all night, and clos-
ing at Atlanta just in time to take the last train at the
evacuation of thatplace. Undertheseeircumstances,
with our best efforts it is impossible to prevent.crrors;
the most experienced and correct cannot avoid it.
livery faithful paymaster knows and feels that he has
received no adequate compensation for the responsi-
bility a°-umcd and the labor performed during this
war, and that theunavoidabio error- made bv him are
all enarged on the books ot the Second Auditor. Wo
cone-, therefore, and ask Cnnuro-" lor relief'and that
justice may be done. W e ask that a percentage may
be allowed us on disbursements, as was done for those
who paid the miiilia inlSi:!, see United States militia
laws, or at least what was allowed at the close of tho
Mexican war; sec United States Militaiy Laws, page
390. Under no circumstances that lean hear ot havo
difficulties been greater in making payments, or
changes of pay, bounty, &(., been equal to the last,
and bear no comparison to tho duties of apaj-master
to the regulars in time of peace. I have mentioned
my services only to show you its difficulties."
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do
not pretend to say that paymasters in the Army
receiving the pay of majors arf iot well enough
paid for their duties under ordinary circum-
stances. I do not pretend to say that in time
of peace and when there is no derangement
leading to such difficulties as were developed
in connection with the performance of the
duties of this office during the war, any relief
ought to be accorded to these officers.
We are legislating now as we have always
found it necessary to legislate at the close of
every war we have had, with the reasons for it
increased ten thousand fold on account of the
nature and character of the contest, and the
manner in which these officers were neces-
sarily employed in this war.
It is said these payments, if they amount in
the shape of a commission to $1,000 per annum,
in each case will amount to some four or five
thousand dollars to each paymaster who has
been employed as such all through the war.
Now, gentlemen need not be disturbed about
that. Let them amount to whatever they will,
T repeat the remark in the presence of the
ITonse, that, an examination and adjustment of
the accounts of these paymasters show an aver-
age of stoppages and suspensions against each
one of them, amounting, for the first half of the
war, to $25,000; and it is likely to be doubled
when the whole accounts to the end of the war
shall be examined and adjusted. If there are,
then, on an average, $50,000 of stoppages and
suspensions against these officers, arising out
of irregularities and errors occasioned by these
difficulties during the war, no man who gets
even the largest amount which may be given
him under this bill will get a sum equal to the
demands against him. It will go so far to
extinguish the technical claims of the LTnited
States against him. The money is not to be
paid to them; this commission, this increase
of compensation, is only to be passed to the
credit of these officers as a set-off in some
degree of these very stoppages by which they
are now embarrassed.
I repeat, these stoppages and suspensions
arise out -of errors and irregularities in pay-
ments owing to the circumstances under which
these payments were made. No crime, no fraud,
and no implication of criminal default are im-
puted against these officers.
And to remove all difficulty upon this sub-
ject, I will state to the House that I have
conferred with one of my colleagues upon the
Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Bixoiiam]
who has prepared with my assent, and will pro-
pose as an amendment to this bill, a provision
: that this allowance of extra compensation shall
I be applied to the payment of the stoppages
J and suspensions against their accounts; so that
; the money will not come out of the Treasury at
! all. hut will be used in this way. 1 apprehend
| such an amendment will lie only a piece of
i supererogation: it is not demanded by the
I terms of the bill. I think there is nothing
ambiguous in the hill: nothing from which a
construction could be drawn other than that
this money is to be applied to the credit of the
officer when his accounts come to be adjusted.
Rut in order to remove all such possible
misconstruction. I am willing fo liavo a provis-
ion inserted of the character 1 have indicated,
requiring this extra compensation to be applied
by each officer to meet the suspensions and
stoppages against his accounts,
Mr. BINGHAM. With the permission of
my colleague [Mr. Si-iifntk-] I will propose as
an ameiidin'-nt the following:
furth<r, That iiie additional pay o> t_KU
act allowed shall only be applied to tin; satisfaction
of stoppages and suspensions oil the respective ac-
counts of the paymasters.
