1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41T
Laios of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st-Sess.
is not included in the foregoing section, and
has been honorably discharged after serving
two years, and who has received or is entitled
to receive from the United States, under exist-
ing laws, a bounty of one hundred dollars and
no more, shall be paid an additional bounty of
fifty dollars, and any such soldier enlisted for
not less than two years who has been honorably
discharged on account of wounds received in
the line of duty, and the widow, minor children,
or parents, in the order named, of any such
soldier who died ia the service of the United
States, or of disease, or wounds contracted
while in the service, and in the line of duty,
shall be paid the additional bounty of fifty dol-
lars hereby authorized.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That any
soldier who shall have bartered, sold, assigned,
transferred, loaned, exchanged, or given away
his final discharge papers, or any interest in
the bounty provided by this or any other act of
Congress, shall not be entitled to receive any
additional bounty whatever; and when appli-
cation is made by any soldier for said bounty,
he shall be required, under the pains and pen-
alties of perjury, to make oath or affirmation
of his identity, and that he has not so bartered,
sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged, loaned,
or given away either his discharge papers, or
any interest in any bounty as aforesaid. And
no claim for such bounty shall be entertained
by the Paymaster General, or other accounting
or disbursing officer except upon receipt of the
claimant's discharge papers, accompanied by
the statement under oath, as by this section
provided.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That in
the payment of the additional bounty herein
provided for, it shall be the duty of the Pay-
master General, under such rules and regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
War, to cause to be examined the accounts of
each and every soldier who makes application
therefor, and if found entitled thereto shall
pay said bounties.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That in
the reception, examination, settlement, and
payment of claims for said additional bounty
due the widows or heirs of deceased soldiers,
the accounting officers of the Treasury shall be
governed by the restrictions prescribed for the
Paymaster General by the Secretary of War,
and the payment shall be made in like manner
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the
compensation of each Senator, Representative,
and Delegate in Congress shall be five thou-
sand dollars per annum, to be computed from
the first day of the present Congress, and in
addition thereto mileage at the rate of twenty
cents per mile, to be estimated by the nearest
route usually traveled in going to and return-
ing from each regular session; but nothing
herein contained shall affect mileage accounts
already accrued under existing laws: Provided,
That hereafter mileage accounts of Senators
shall be certified by the President of the Sen-
ate, and those of Representatives and Dele-
gates by the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives : And provided further, That the
pay of the Speaker shall be eight thousand
dollars per annum.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That
there be allowed and paid to the officers, clerks,
committee clerks, messengers, and all other
employes of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. and to the Globe and official report-
ers of each House, and the stenographer of the
House, and to the Capitol police, and the three
Superintendents of the Public Gardens, their
clerks and assistants, and to the Librarian,
assistant librarians, messengers, and other em-
ployes of the Congressional Library, an addi-
tion of twenty per cent on theirpresent pav, to
commence with the present Congress; and the
amount necessary to pay this allowance is
39th Cono. 1st Sess.—No. 27.
hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of eight thousand dollars ia hereby appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated for the preservation of
the harbor of Provincetown, Massachusetts,
the same to be expended under the supervision
of a commission or board of officers to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War..
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCXCVTI.—An Act to supply Deficien-
cies in the Appropriations for the Service of
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
executive.
For contingent expenses of the executive
office, including stationery thereof, four thou-
sand dollars.
treasury department.
Office of the First Comptroller:
For the employment of temporary clerks in
said office, two thousand five hundred dollars.
Office of Comptroller of the Currency:
For compensation of the Comptroller, dep-
uty comptroller, clerks, messengers, and labor-
ers, thirty thousand dollars.
light-house board.
For contingent expenses, viz: for station-
ery, miscellaneous expenses, and postage, and
renewing furniture and cases in the office, one
thousand dollars.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and its various bureaus, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For Southeast Executive Building, includ-
ing the extension, viz:
For contingent expanses, viz: for fuel, labor,
light, and miscellaneous items, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For rent of buildings for the accommodation
of clerks who cannot be accommodated in the
Treasury building, five thousand dollars.
department of the interior.
For additional compensation for the Assist-
ant Secretary, five hundred dollars.
For compiling and supervising the Biennial
Register, five hundred dollars.
post office department.
For additional compensation to three Assist-
ant Postmasters General, at five hundred dol-
lars each, fifteen hundred dollars.
For compensation of the additional clerks m
the Post Office Department, authorized to be
appointed by act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, forty-four thousand two hundred dollars,
for the fiscal year ending J une thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven.
For contingent expenses, five thousand dol-
For twenty per centum additional to the sal-
aries of female clerks employed in the Post
Office Department, as per act of June twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, four thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That from and after June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the regular
compensation of the female folders in the dead-
letter office shall be at the rate of fifty dollars
per month. .
For twenty per centum additional to the sal-
aries of the laborers employed in the Post
Office Department, and paid from the con-
tingent fund, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, two
thousand and forty dollars.
district attorneys.
For compensation of attorney for the east-
ern district of New York, from March twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, to
June thirtieth, eighteen hundredand sixty-six,
two hundred and fifty-five dollars and fifty-five
cents.
For mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and Brazil, from November first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-fivej to June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one hun-
dred thousand dollars, or so much thereef as
may be due.
For compensation of three watchmen for the
dome of the Capitol, at seven hundred and
twenty dollars cach, for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundredand sixty-seven,
twenty-one.hundredand sixty dollars.
For navy hospital at Washington, District of
Columbia, thirty thousand dollars.
The compensation of the deputy solicitor of
the Court of Claims shall be, from and after
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
three thousand and five hundred dollars, pay-
able quarterly out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
general land office.
To supply the deficiency for salaries and
commissions of registers and receivers of the
district land offices for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, forty
thousand dollars.
For salary of marshal of the eastern district
of New York from March twenty-second, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, to June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, two hundred
and fifty-five dollars and fifty-five cents.
public buildings and grounds.
To complete the sewer through the Botanic
Garden, fifteen thousand dollars: Provided,
That the Commissioner of Public Buildings
shall advertise for two weeks for sealed pro-
posals for the performance of such work and
the furnishing of materials therefor in the two
newspapers in the city of Washington author-
ized to publish the official advertisements, and
at the expiration of such time, on a day to be
specified in such advertisement, the proposals
shall be opened by the Commissioner of Pub-
lie Buildings in the presence of the Secretary
of the Interior, and the work shall be then let
to the person who shall have off ^*- •  8
same and furnish the materials at the lowest
rates and aggregate, and who shall give proper
security for the performance of his contract;
and the Commissioner of Public Buildings is
hereby required to report to Congress at the
commencement of the next session a full state-
ment of the expenditure of the present and
past appropriations for this work, with the
rates that have been paid for work and mate-
rials under each appropriation. _
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to reconstruct the lower water-closets of
the Supreme Court room, to place marble
around the furnace register, by way of protec-
tion, and to make such other improvements as
the Chief Justice of the court may desire, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
To repair the planking and for other repairs
to Long Bridge, over the Potomac, three thou-
sand dollars.
For iron seats for the public grounds, one
thousand dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public iJuild-
ings to make such alterations in the arrange-
ment of the business offices in the President's
House as the President may desire, two thou-
sand dollars.
For repair of one of the greenhouses at the
President's, five hundred dollars.
