884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
whenever opportunity shall offer, having no
longer any interest in him as a chattel, he will
wreak his malignity and his vengeance upon
the freedman, as both the object of his rebel-
lion and the cause of his defeat. His master
will sell him no land, that he may have iro home.
He will allow him no home, that he may be-
come a vagrant. Becoming a vagrant, he will
arrest him as a vagabond, and visit him with
imprisonment or stripes, or both. He will give
him no work, that he may starve or steal; and
if he^ steal he will convict liim of crime, sell
him into servitude, and hold him again as a
slave. He will shut him from the courts, seal
his mouth as a witness, and beat, kidnap, or
murder him, as passion may instigate or instinct
prompt.
Now, how shall this man be protected, and
protected where he is ? For I hold it essential
that these men should remain where they are,
to labor and develop the resources of the South,
and make it a richer and more prosperous coun-
try than ever before. The country which ex-
ports its labor commits suicide.
You may open the courts to him by law,
you may make him a competent witness, you
may give liim land for a home, you may sweep
away all distinction by law between him and
others, and leave him at liberty to go and to
come, to sue and be sued, to contract and
labor when and where and how he pleases; you
may establish for him schools and give him the
means of information, and all these are neces-
sary and well. You may go further; you may
order him food and clothing, you may set over
him the Freedmen's Bureau to guard his inter-
ests and redress his wrongs, you may continue
this bureau from year to year, and still, in my
judgment, you will have failed to do what most
of all you need to do—put the black man in a
position to protect himself. You will have done
much toward it, you will have fitted him to use
his weapon, but not have supplied him with the
weapon. To do this fully you must give him
the ballot, make him a part of the Government,
and thereby encourage a feeling of independ-
ence and self-respect. There is nothing like
the ballot for this. Take it from your northern
menandthoywouldfeelpowerlessand degraded.
Leave it in their hands and they arc as good as
the best, and can hurl Governors, members,
and Senators from their scats of power. Arm
three or four million of people with this weapon,
and they will protect, themselves and teach their
oppressors caution and respect,. Make them
respect themselves, andthey will soon command
the respect of others.
_ I now turn, Mr. President, to the considera-
; tion of the other point, to wit, the restoration
! of the rebellious States. Andhere, if I mistake
; not, we shall find the extension of suffrage to
} the loyal blacks of tho utmost importance, if
not a sine qua non.
Men differ somewhat as to the condition of
these States; and there are those who would
restore them at once to the exercise and en-
joyment of the privileges and powers of loyal
States. Restore them, say they, first, and set-
tle the points of difference between you, and
the terms and conditions, afterward. But 1
am not one of those. Settle the terms and con-
ditions first, and, above all,.do what you may !
to fix the proper status and condition of the I
freedmen; for rely upon it you will find it vastly I
more difficult afterward, if not impossible. But, I
say they, will you delay restoring these States
to their rights for that purpose? Sir, I do not
deem these rebels can claim many rights. They
spurned them when they left us, and they for-
feited them when they rebelled. Can these
rights he put on or put off, east away, lost, and
recovered, just as the rebels choose? Nay, sir,
1 hold rather with the .Roman orator, that they
have no rights in the Republic who have been
raise to it: "Atmmquam, in hae urbe u, qvi a
repuulica defecerunt, civiam jura tenuerwit."
Mr. President, I have often said 1 wished
these States restored. I say it now. I do not
wish, me<u), or intend that one foot of terri-
tory or one particie of jurisdiction shall be lost
to this Union. We fought to beep ;t, and wo
have won the fight, and I will not tear the flag
which treason could not rend. Not only upon
it let every star be blazoned, but let every star
bear its old name and be in its old place ; and
let the memories of the better days of th'e Re-
public be woven with the golden hues of a more
prosperous future, and form a veil which shall
conceal forever the hideous features of civil
war. But I do not hesitate to declare here in
my place that 1 would not now vote to admit
any one of these States to a participation in
■the administration of the Government unless,
as said by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Lane,] I might vote for the admission of the
State of Tennessee. The State of Tennessee,
in my judgment, stands upon a different foun-
dation from any other rebel State, because
before this rebellion was disarmed, when the
rebels had them in their hands, she was enabled
to form a government true to the Union, and
she has preserved that government ever since.
She is enabled to send us, I believe, men who
can take the oath required of them as having
ever been loyal men and having never directly
or indirectly voluntarily aided the rebellion.
But I do not believe that it would be safe to admit
the other States; nor do I believe I shall ever vote
at any time to admit to this floor men who have
been actively engaged in this rebellion, in shoot-
ing, starving, and butchering our soldiers, or
dismembering the Union, and seeking the life-
blood of the nation. I shall stand by the oath
which excludes such men from these seats. I
shall subject the nation to no such danger;
myself and associates to no such infamous com-
panions. Traitors cannot thus be rewarded by
any agency of mine. Treason cannot be thus
honored. The President said " it mustbe made
odious," and with that I agree. It may be par-
doned, its punishment removed, and the rebels
permitted to live under a Government which
they have sought to destroy, but when this is
done, there will still remain the damning fact,
that they have been false to their country.
Naught
" Can wash the guilty stain away."
They may be so again. Treason once commit-
ted is sufficient for all time, and there should
be no space or opportunity for its repetition.
And, Mr. President, if I judge aright, the
rebellion lias been disarmed but not subdued.
Much of its spirit, its malignity survives; and
while those who have been engaged in it say
they accept tho situation, it is but too evident
that had they now the strength they would
throw off your authority and defy your power.
Their lips acknowledge their allegiance to your
Government, and they will keep it, because they
have not strength to break it,; but tho heart is
not warmed by any genuine loyalty. They
allo\v the old flag to float because'they dare not
tear it down ; but they will cheer a rebel song
at the theater oftener and far more heartily,
than the ''Star-Spangled Banner.'' The Union
man is despised and placed under the social ban.
Treason is not made odious ; but loyalty that
never swerved, patriotism that never flinched is.
True, these men accept the situation, and ask
you for offices, but they will fill them with rebels,
and select those who have smitten your soldiers
the oftenest and hardest. They will accept your
salaries at Richmond, and plow up your dead at
Cold Harbor.
The rebel States are not only full of such
persons, but they are controlled by them, and
whenever Senators are admitted herefrom those
States, such men will be too often presented for
admission.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolit-
tle] in discussing with his accustomed ability
and force the position of these rebel States, and
the poli cy of the President for restoring them to
their true relations with the Government, very
distinctly stated that he would not vote to admit
to this Senate men whose hands were reeking
with the blood of Union soldiers. Evidently
he does not think it quile safe or prudent so to
do. He does not think rebels should rule. Nor
do I. The men who have sought to destroy
the Government should not be intrusted with
its safety. Now let me ask that Senator, if it
is not safe to admit a rebel to sit and vote here,
in what respect is it safe for him to sit and vote
anywhere else in this nation, and what sort of
a way is it to make a disloyal State loyal, to
allow rebels to rule it? And yet we have this
astounding palpable fact, that the administration
of the government in almost every instance in
those rebellious States has been suffered to go
into the hands of rebels, and to fall under their
control. Nay, more, while there were three or
four millions of loyal people in those States, they
have been carefully excluded from all partici-
pation in the reorganization of those States.
White traitors have been preferred to them.
And thus it is, sir; elections have been held by
traitors, conventions and Legislatures have been
held by traitors, offices filled, and a public sen-
timent created which to-day is more hostile in
many places than it was months ago. Sir, our
dangers are not yet passed, and we must see to
it that we do not lose in legislative halls what
our soldiers secured in the field.
Sir, I do not hold that these rebellious States
are out of the Union. They went out neither by
the back door of secession nor the side door of
rebellion. _ They are still States in the Union;
but they have been in rebellion and are still
disloyal at heart; and while in that rebellion
they overthrew and destroyed the loyal State
governments. And after their military power
was broken, it became necessary to reconstruct
those governments and put them again in mo-
tion. On this idea and assumption the President
proceeded. He first established provisional
governments. I will not now inquire by what
authority, for I suppose by military authority
as Commander-in-Chief, but I will inquire why
and wherefore did he doit. The answer is plain
and ready. Because the old State governments
were gone, destroyed by the rebels in being
made the instruments of treason; and there were
no loyal governments in those States, and new
ones must be formed. But yet, into the hands
of the very rebels who had destroyed the old he
intrusted the formation* of the new ; carefully
excluding from all participation a very large
proportion of the loyal people of those States,
by declaring that the qualification of voters
should be the same as when these States went
into rebellion. Now, this is the point I make:
the rebellion had overthrown all laws about the
qualifications of voters in these States; and so
the President understood it, else why did he
declare what they should be? And he set up
the old qualifications which excluded a very
large share of the loyal men. Sir. in my judg-
ment he should have rather excluded the rebels
and lot the loyal people vote ; and I should
about as soon have undertaken to stop the yel-
low fever by sending round infected clothes,
as Blackburn did, as to have checked rebel-
lion by letting rebels vote.
Do you tell me that the qualifications of vot-
ers, the determining who should vote and who
not, had been left to the States, and that they
had excluded the black man from voting? Then
I reply, their State governments and their quali-
fications had all been swept away together, and,
there being no State government or organiza-
tion, there could have been no State limita-
tion or restriction. The President himself did
not understand that there was any State law in
force prescribing who should be voters, for he
undertook himself to prescribe the rule, even to
exclude some persons who had been admitted
to vote under tho old State laws; and if these
old State laws did exclude loyal men from vot-
ing. he could just as well have determined by
military authority who should vote as set up a
provisional government by military authority.
Sir, I sustain and will labor to advance the
President's policy of restoring to their true
position at an early day these iebcllious States,
when it shall be safe so to do. But I must
confess I do not admire this method, nor am I
surprised at the results. I do not wonder Union
men are defeated and rebels elected, nor that
traitors bear themselves haughtily, and "dis-
pitefully use" those who never flinched in their
loyalty.
Mr.-President, I have made these remarks,
