418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For annual repairs of the President's House,
six thousand dollars, for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
To eompiete the repairing and furnishing
of the President's House, twenty thousand
dollars.
To meet a deficiency in lighting Bridge and
High streets, Georgetown, for the three months
of the last fiscal year, eleven hundred dollars.
To so alter the roof gutters at the President's
House as to prevent injury by overflow of
water, three thousand dollars.
For the additional twenty per centum compen-
sation to the messenger of the Court of Claims
from January twenty-ninth to June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, sixty-seven
dollars and twenty cents.
To ventilate the bath-room of the House of
Representatives, two hundred dollars.
To alter and repair the building in the city
of Philadelphia belonging to the United States,
known as the Pennsylvania Bank building, so
as to render it suitable for the occupancy of
the appraisers connected with the customs at
Philadelphia, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, twenty thousand dollars.
indian department.—miscellaneous.
For thegeneral incidental expenses of Indian
service in Nevada, presents of goods, agricult-
ural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes
and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civil-
ized life, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty-five
thousand dollars; of which amount the sum of
nine thousand seven hundred and twenty-three
dollars shall be paid to James W. Nye, late
Governor and superintendent of Indian affairs
for Nevada, for balance found due him.
For additional compensation to the publish-
ers of the Statutes-at-Large, twenty-four hun-
dred and fifty-seven dollars and twenty-one
cents.
To pay the salary of Edward Jarvis, from
January first, eighteen hundredand sixty-five,
to May thirty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, for digesting the facts as to mortality and
diseases, collected by the census marshals in
eighteen hundred and sixty, seven hundred and
fifty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to remove
his office and contents, twenty-five thousand
dollars, in addition to the sum heretofore ap-
propriated.
To enable the Secretary of War to make the
pay of the persons employed at any time during
the last fiscal year as temporary clerks in the
oflice of the Quartermaster General, or any
division thereof, equal to the pay of first-class
clerks, which is hereby directed; such sum as
may be necessary for this purpose.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the reasonable costs and expenses actually
paid or incurred by the delegates of the south-
ern Cherokees in coming to and going from
W ashingt.on; and during their stay in and about
the negotiation upon the formation of treaties
of peace and amity with the Indian tribes, a
sum not exceeding ten thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That said sum shall be refunded to the
Treasury from the proceeds of the sales of the
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That for
increased compensation of the chief justice and
associate justices of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, authorized by the second
section of the act of June first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, from the first day of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, to the thirtieth
day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
the sum of three hundred and seventy-four dol-
lars and sixty-fife cents is hereby appropri-
ated.
Sec. S. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of thirty-two thousand dollars be, and is
hereby, appropriated to enable the Secretary
of the Interior to quiet the title of the occu-
pants of the following lands, conveyed by the
United Statee to Joseph Richardville, senior,
and Joseph Richardville, junior, by treaty at
Saint Mary's, October sixth, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, to wit: the west half of section
number twenty-six (26,) the east half of sec-
tion number twenty-eight (28,) and section
number twenty-seven (27,) of township five
south, range four east, lying in the county of
Auglaize and State of Ohio.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
whereas doubts have arisen whether the fourth
section of the act approved March third, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, entitled "An act
to amend an act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes,'' approved
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
authorized disbursing agents to disburse other
moneys than those appropriated in the said
fourth section: therefore, for the purpose of
removing such doubts and declaring the true
intent and meaning of said fourth [section,]
the said fourth section shall be deemed, held,
and construed as being and remaining in full
force and effect from and after the third day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, until
the same shall have been modified or repealed,
and as authorizing the disbursement through
such agents of moneys heretofore appropriated,
and that may hereafter be appropriated, for the ]
payment of the lawful expenses incident to car- |
rying into effect the various acts relative to the
assessment and collection of the internal rev-
enues ; and all bonds and obligations hereto-
fore entered into by collectors of internal rev-
enue as disbursing agents shall be binding and
obligatory upon such collectors and their sure-
ties, as well in respect to moneys which have
been or may hereafter be received by said col-
lectors as such disbursing agents as to moneys
appropriated in the said fourth section.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
the Capitol police and two policemen at the
Executive Mansion shall be entitled to the
increased compensation allowed by law to
officers, clerks, messengers, and others in the
employ of the House of Representatives.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums be appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, viz:
For compensation of the depositary at Santa
Fe, New Mexico, per act of March third, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three, one thousand dol-
lars.
For salaries of additional clerks and addi-
tional compensation of officers and clerks,
under act of August sixth, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, at such rates as the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem just and reasona-
ble, ten thousand dollars.
For compensation of two superintendents for
the life-saving stations on the coasts of Long
Tsland and New Jersey, per acts December
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and August eighteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of
stations, per same acts, six thousand dollars.
For salary of the superintendent of the build-
ing occupied by the Quartermaster General's
office, two hundred dollars for the current fis-
cal year.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For the Senate folding-room, six thousand
dollars.
For additional messengers* during the ses-
sion, five thousand dollars.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be directed to cause esti-
mates to be made for the erection of suitable
fire-proof buildings for the War Department
in Washington, stating the location and price
of the land, and plans and cost of necessary
buildings, to he reported at the next session
of Congress.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion four of the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the payment of horses and other
property lost or destroyed in the service of the
United States," approved March three, eight-
een hundred and forty-nine, be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and
in lieu thereof inserting the words: "That the
said Auditor shall, in all cases, transmit his ad-
justment, with all the papers relating thereto,
to the Second Comptroller, for his revision
and decision thereon, the same in all respects
as is provided in the act of the second of Sep-
tember, eighteen [seventeen] hundred and
eighty-nine."
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the
sum of five thousand dollars be ana the same
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
defray the expense of continuing the index
to Senate list of private claims down to the
present Congress, in pursuance of the order
of the Senate, dated March sixteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCXCVIII.—An Act to protect the
Revenue, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Mates of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
tenth day of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, in lieu of the duties now imposed by
law on the articles mentioned and embraced
in this section, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on all goods, wares, and merchandise
imported from foreign countries, the duties
heretofore [hereinafter] provided, viz:
On cigars, cigarettes, and cheroots of all
kinds, three dollars per pound, and, in addition
thereto, fifty per centum ad valorem: Provided,
That paper cigars and cigarettes, including
wrappers, shall be subject to the same duties as
are herein imposed upon cigars: And provided
further, That on and after the first day of Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, no cigars
shall be imported unless the same are packed
in boxes of not more than five hundred cigars
in each box; and no entry of any imported ci-
gars shall be allowed of less quantity than three
thousand in a single package ; and all cigars on
importation shall be placed in public store or
bonded warehouse, and shall not be removed
therefrom until the same shall have been in-
spected and a stamp affixed to each box indi-
cating such inspection, with the date thereof.
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to provide the requisite stamps, and
to make all necessary regulations for carrying
the above provisions of law into effect;
On cotton, three cents per pound;
On all compounds or preparations of which
distilled spirits is a component part of chief
value, there shall be levied a duty not less than
that imposed upon distilled spirits: Provided,
That brandy and other spirituous liquors may
be imported in casks or other packages of any
capacity not less than thirty gallons; and that
wine in bottles may be imported in boxes con-
taining not less than one dozen bottles of not
more than one quart each ; and wine, brandy,
or other spirituous liquor imported into the
United States, and shipped after the first day
of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, in
any less quantity than herein provided for, shall
be forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the
second proviso in section four of an act entitled
"An act amendatory of certain acts imposing
duties upon foreign importations," approved
March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
shall be construed to include any ship, vessel,
or steamer to or from any port in the Sandwich
Islands or Society Islands.
