3818
THE OO^GEESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
would not object to. It is as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of section
seven and insert the following:
That any bridge that may be constructed under the
authority of this actshall not be so located, operated,
or constructed as to materially obstruct the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river.
Mr. ALLEY. That is all contained in the
bill as it is.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I wish the gen-
tleman would refer to the clause containing that
provision.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to amend the bill at this stage.
Mr. SPALDING-. Then I object.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. FINCK. Upon that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes fourteen, noes not counted; not
one fifth of the members present voting in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FINCIv called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken, and fifteen mem-
bers voted in the affirmative; not one fifth of
a quorum.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to by the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiib senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the .Senate had passed a concurrent resolution
of the House for the appointment of a joint
committee on retrenchment, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent
that the Clerk of the House be authorized to
correct an error in the action of the House
on the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill. By the record it appears that the House
concurred in the sixth amendment, whereas
the_ fact is that it did not concur.
Ihere being no objection, the corrcetion was
made.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mi\ NEWELL asked and obtained leave to
print in the debate-! some remarks he had pre-
pared upon the miscellaneous appropriation
bill which was passed by the House yesterday.
[The speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
provost marshal general's bureau.
Mr. SHELLABAEGER. The select com-
mittee appointed to investigate the statements
and charges made by Hon. Rosooe Conkling,
in his place, against Provost Marshal General
Fry and his bureau, whether any frauds have
been perpetrated in his office in connection
with the recruiting service, and also to exam-
ine into the statements made by General Fry
in his communication to Hon. Mi. Blaijne,
read in the House April 30, 18GG, having com-
pleted their labors as to one branch of the
investigation, have instructed me to submit
a report in part, which, together with the evi-
dence herewith submitted, and the arguments
of counsel, I move be laid upon the table and
be printed ; and in connection therewith I sub-
mit the following resolutions:
Resnlved That all the statements contained in the
letter of General James B. Fry to Hon. James G.
isi.AiXE a member of this House, bearing date the 27 th
Apnl, A. D.188G, and which was read in this House
on tne 30th of April, A. D. 186G, in so far as such state-
ments impute to Hon. Roscoe Conkling, a mem-
bra ot this body, any criminal, illegal, unpatriotic, or
otherwise improper conduct or motives, either as to
tue matter of his procuring himself to be empfoyod
by the Government of the United States intheprose-
eution of military offenses in the State of jSIew York,
in the management of such prosecutions, m taking
compensation therefor, orinanyothermattercharged,
are wholly without foundation in truth; and for their
publication there were, in the j udgment of this House,
no facts connected with said prosecutions furnishing
either a palliation or an excuse.
Resolved, That General Fry, an officer of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and head of one of its
military bureaus, in writing and publishing these
accusations named in the preceding resolution, and
which, owing to the crimes and wrongs which they
impute to a member of this body, are of a nature
deeply injurious to the official and personal charac-
ter, influence, and privileges of such member, and
their publication, originating, as in thejudgment of
the House they did, in no misapprehension of facts,
but in the resentment and passion of their author,
was guilty of a gross violation of the privileges of
such member and orthis House, and his conduct in
that regard merits and receives its unqualified disap-
probation.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would inquire if
arguments of counsel are ever reported to this
House.
The SPEAKER. Any member has a right
to object to the printing of the report and ac-
companying papers, and then the question will
be submitted to the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask if gentlemen
propose to this House to publish the speeches
of the attorneys before that committee when
they are all over town, everywhere. The re-
port of the committee to this House is one
thing, the speeches of the lawyers are quite
another thing.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The committee,
in pursuance of what it understood to be the
usages of the House in matters of this sort, have
agreed to recommend the printing of the argu-
ments of counsel on both sides. Those argu-
ments are full and exhaustive, and will be use-
ful to the House in disposing of the important
matters that have been submitted by the com-
mittee. • The committee have no opinion to
express upon the subject, but merely desire to
conform to the pleasure of the House upon that
matter. I call the previous question on my
motion to print.
Ihe previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the mo'tion to print was agreed to.
Mr. SH ELLABARG-EIi moved to reconsider
the vote by which the House ordered the report
of the committee with the accompanyingpapers
to be printed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
compensation 01 members op congress.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill to provide for the
regulation of the compensation of Senators
and Representatives and Delegates in Congress;
which was read a first and second time, post-
poned until Wednesday next, and ordered to
be printed.
ASSAULT UPOM A MEMBER.
Mr. SPALDIN G. I now call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The House accordingly resumed the con-
sideration of the resolutions reported by Mr.
Spalding from the select committee on breach
of privilege, in the matter of Hon. Lovell H.
Rousseau of Kentucky, and Hon. Josiah B.
Gbinxei.l of Iowa.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask that the report of .
the select committee be read.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee appointed by the House to inves-
tigate and report upon the facts in the ease of the
assault committed by Hon. Mr. Rousseau, of Ken-
tueky, upon the person of lion. Mr. Grinnell, of
Iowa, have attended to that duty, and respectfully
report:
That at the close of the session of June 14, while
passing from the House through the portico of the
east front of the Capitol, Mr.GTnxNELL, of Iowa, was
arrested by Mr. Rousseau, of Kentucky, who stated
to him that lit' had waited four days for an apology
tor Ins conduct toward him in the House. Not re-
ceiving from Mr. Grinnell a satisfactory reply, Mr.
Rousseau mimediatelystruck Mr. Grinnell several
blows, with a f-mall cane, upon the face and head
until the stick was broken. The time occupied in
this transaction was but momentary. The weapon
used was a small rattan cane, with iron end. There
were from six to ten blows given. No resistance way
made by Mr. Grinnell, and no serious personal in-
jury resulted from the assault. After some words
the partiesseparated, without the direct interference
of any person. There were fifteen or twenty persons
present upon the portico at the time of the assault, a
part of whom were detained there by a shower y* rain
falling at the moment. No other member of the
House was present than the parties named; no per-
son was present as a friend or in company with Mr.
Grinnell; he was without arms or weapon of any
kind. Mr. Rousseau had no weapon except that
which has been described.
Three persona were present as friends of Mr. Rous-
seau; the first, on account of information received
from Mr. Rousseau that a personal assault was pos-
sible, if not probable; the second, on account of a
suggestion or call from the first; and the third fol-
lowed Mr. Rousseau to the portico, on account of
his excited appearance and manner when passing
through the rotunda. It does not appear that any
one of these parties was informed of his intended
action except the first. These friends of Mr. Rous-
seau were all armed with loaded revolver or pistol.
The first had taken his weapon with him on the day
of the affair, in expectation of what might occur.
The second was armed with a pistol wbieh he had
carried on his person for a long time, in accordance
with the general custom of the country in which he
lived, where men from the same neighborhood hud
served in the Union or the rebel armies. The third
was armed with a pistol which it was generally his
custom to carry, and which he had upon his person
on that day without any reference to the difficulty
which occurred. These parties had all served in the
Union Army during the war with General Rousseau.
None of them had their arms with them at the time
of the investigation. It was admitted by them that,
in the event of any interference on the part of out-
side parties, they should have taken part in the con-
test. # No.interference being offered, they took 110
part in the affair, except to advise Mr. Rousseau to
withdraw at the close.
No doubt exists as to the cause or purpose of the
assault. It was in consequence of words spoken in
debate by Mr. Grinnell, and the object was to dis-
grace him as a member of the House of Representa-
tives. This was stated by Mr. Rousseau at the time
of the assault, and was understood and admitted by
one or more of the friends of Mr. Rousseau, as well
as by Mr. Rousseau himself, to the committee during
the investigation, as the only cause and purpose of
the assault.
On the part of Mr. Bousseau it was alleged that
his character and conduct as an officer of the Union
Army had been assailed by Mr. Grinnell with epi-
thets and aspersions to which no man could be ex-
pected or required to submit; and that as the House
had failed to protect him, upon his appeal, in his
privileges as a member, he felt it to be his right to
vindicate himself and the people he represented.
On the part of Mr. Grinnell itwas alleged that his
character had been publicly assailed by Mr. Rous-
seau on the floor of the House and elsewhere, in such
manner as to provoke and justify the remarks he had
made.
Both parties presented official reports from the
Globe of that portion of the debates connected with
this subject, upon which the judgment of the com-
mittee was requested. This part of the debate is
hercwitltepresented with other evidence in this case.
Nothing occurred in the course of the inquiry to in-
dicate that Mr. Grinnell was actuated in the slight-
est degree by malice or personal feeling toward Mr.
Rousseau.
Nothing appeared on the part of Mr. Rousseau,
apart from the transaction which the committee was
instructed to investigate, to impeach his character as
a member of the House or as an officer of the Army.
Official evidence, which, when presented, the com-
mittee could not refuse to receive, showed that he
had steadily adhered to the causcof the Government
m the period of its greatest peril; that he had been
among those citizens who, against the influence of
cherished friends and kindred, had hon orably resisted
the violent and treasonable cffoits to sever the bonds
of the Union, and firmly held the State of Kentucky
to its duty, and that his services in the Array were
alike honorable to himself, his State, and the coun-
try. without considering in any manner the ques-
tion of provocation or justification presented in this
case, the committee has been compelled to decide,
after mature deliberation, that no provocation can
justify a resort to violence against the person of a
member of this House, In enumerating the privi-
leges of its members, the Constitution expressly de-
clares that "for any speech or debate in either House
they shall not be questioned in any other place."
(Article one, section six.)
The theory upon which parliamentary assemblies
are founded is that of the inviolability of the person
of the representative. No tribunal or officer of the
Government is authorized, except in cases of treason,
telony, or breaches of the peace, to call him to an ac-
count for the part taken in the transactions of tho
assembly of which he is a member. The existence
and authority oi legislative assemblies depend upon
tlie recognition of this fundamental law. This isdue
not less to the dignity of the assembly and the rights
ot its members than to the people they represent; an
act ot violence against a representative is an act of
insurrection against the people he represents. It
cannot be justified by any delinquency or wrong on
the part of the representative, which they have not
authorized, and for which they ought not to be held
responsible or deprived of the rights of representa-
tion.
These prerogatives of the representative are so
much amatfer of public concern that they cannot bo
taken away by any act of the assembly of which he
is a member except by au order of expulsion or its
