2858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
GOVERNMENT RAILROAD PROPERTY.
Mr. KELLEY submitted the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question
on its adoption;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
furnish to the House of Representatives a schedule
of all railroad property which was in the possession
of the Government on May 1,1865 ; whether held by
right of capture or by purchase, and if by purchase,
stating the cost. Also whatdisposition has beenmade
of such property; if sold, whetherfor cash or credit,
and if for credit, under what law or authority, and
whetherthe purchase money has been paid, or what
steps have been taken to recover it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not that lie
over, if objected to?
The SPEAKER. Being a call for execu-
tive information, if objected to, it lies over for
one day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH objected, but subse-
quently withdrew his objection, when it was
renewed by Mr. Ross.
MEMPHIS RIOT.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania, submitted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested
to furnish to this House, if not inconsistent with
the public interest, a copy of the report of Major
General^ George Stoneman as to the .recent riot at
Memphis.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman to modify
his resolution so as to include all other reports
in his possession on the same subject.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I agree
to that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBEL STATES.
Mr. STEVEN'S introduced a bill to enable
the States lately ia rebellion to regain their
privileges in the Union ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
ABOLITION OF BREVET RANK.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted -the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of repeal-
ing all laws authorizing brevet rank in the Army of
the United States; and providing that all such dis-
tinction being abolished, some other mark, badge,
recognition, or reward for gallant actions or meri-
torious conduct shall besubstituted instead; and that
the committee report by bill or otherwise.
WAR OF 1812.*
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on Invalid
Pensions be instructed to inquire into and report,
without unnecessary delay, upon the expediency of
placing the surviving soldiers of the war cf 1812 upon
the pension-list.
REPRESENTATION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. GRIDER offered the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That inasmuch as loyal men have been
elected by the people of Tennessee as Senators and
Representatives in Congress, they should beadmitted
to seats in the present Congress upon taking the usual
oath of office.
Resolved further. That each of the States not now
represented in Congress should be allowed represen-
tation upon the same terms.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that that goes to the committee on recon-
struction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Under the order of the House
it goes to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. GRIDER. Do I understand that this
resolution goes to that committee and is not
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is hot debatable. The
order of the House is, "that all papers which
may be offered relative to the representation
of the late so-called confederate States of
America, or either of them, shall be referred to
the joint committee of fifteen without debate."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not that committee
discharged by the report it has made?
The SPEAKER. The resolution includes
all the so-called confederate States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The committee has re-
ported in full. Does not that end their service ?
How long do they continue?
Mr. GRIDER. Is it a standing committee
or a special committee ?
The SPEAKER. It is a special committee.
Mr. GRIDER. And they have made a re-
port.
The SPEAKER. They have reported at
various times, and there have been matters
referred to them by the House since the last
report was made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not this the first mat-
ter that has been referred to them since that
report?
The SPEAKER. It is not. On motion of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] the
address of colored citizens of Chicago was
referred to the committee. If the committee
had been discharged that would have revived it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then it is endowed with
immortality. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIDER. I want to make one word
more of inquiry: whether the rule which re-
fers matters without debate applies to any other
special committee of the House?
The SPEAKER. It does not, so far as the
recollection of the Chair goes.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency and prac-
ticability of so consolidating the districtcourts of the
United State3 in all States which under the repre-
sentative apportionment of 1862 are entitled to 110
moie than seven members in the Congress of theUni-
ted States into one district, and that they have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
STEAMER JENNIE IIUBBS.
Mx\ KERR introduced a bill to authorize the
owners of the steamboat Jennie ITubbs to change
the name thereof; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PENSIONS TO PROVOST MARSHALS.
Mr. STILWELL offered the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question
thereon :
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and they are hereby, instructed to report a bill
extending the provisions of the pension laws to pro-
vost marshals, deputy provostmarshals, and enrolling
officers who have been disabled while in the line of
their duty.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PERHAM. The committee have that
subject under consideration now, and have been
considering it for some time. I am not par-
ticular about it, but I should prefer not to have
this resolution passed.
Mr. STILWELL. I will state that there are
a number of cases in our State, as I presume
there are in other States, where provost mar-
shals have been killed while in the line of their
duty. Hence, I have offered this resolution,
instructing the committee to report a bill pla-
cing them on the pension-roll, and I would like
to take the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. PERHAM. That being the case, I have
no objection that the sense of the House shall
be taken in regard to it. I will say, however,
that the Committee on Pensions have this
matter under consideration and will report
upon it.
Mr. DUMONT. I hope the resolution will
be adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the question
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. A resolution that provost
marshals and deputy provost marshals shall be
placed on the pension-rolls.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is that resolution de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make the point of
order, then, on the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana that he make his
resolution one of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdrawmy objection
to debate.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will modify his resolution so as not to
give it the charactcr of an imperative resolu-
tion, but to let the committee consider the
subject.
Mr. STILWELL. The committee can re-
port a bill and let the House take action on it.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is the res-
olution debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STILWELL. " I modify the resolution
so as to read "killed or disabled."
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to state one
fact to the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
except by unanimous consent. Is there ob-
jection?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We object unless we can
have a chance to debate it on this side of the
House. I call for tellers 011 the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eld-
ridge and Stilwell were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty three, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered. . t
Mr. SPALDING. I appeal to the gentle-
man to make his resolution one of inquiry.
Tho SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The gentleman from Indiana declines to do
that.
The question was taken on Mr. Stilwell's
resolution; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 60, nays 56, not voting 62; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mspsrs. James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Bidwell.Bromwell, Buckland, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Defrees, Dodge, Donnelly,
Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farqubar,
Abner C. Harding,Hart, Henderson. Hogan, Chester
D. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Julian.
Kelley, Kelso, Kerr. Kuykendnll, Latham, William
Lawrence, Lynch, McClurg, McKee. McRuer, Mer-
cur, Moorhead, Morris, JSiiblack, O'Neill. Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Plants, Price, Alexander II. Rice, Rollins,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Stevens, Stilwell, Trowbridge, Van Aerna.m. Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wha-
ley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Delos R.
Ashley, Beaman, Bergen, Blaine. Ch/inler, Reader
W. Clarke, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Deming,
Dixon, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Goodyear,
Gl'ider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Iligby, Holmes, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James Humphrey, James M.
Humphrey, Ketcham, George V. Lawrence, Long-
year, Marston. Marvin, McCulIough, Nicholson, Per-
ham, Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John H.
Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Strouse. Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Upson,
Ward, Windom, and Wright—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Barker,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell. Boyer, Brande-
gee, Broomall, Bundy, Coffroth, Conkling, Cook,
Culver, Delano, Denison, Driggs, Finek. Glossbren-
ner, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hayes, Hill, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson. Jones, Kas-
son, Laflin, Le Blond, Loan, Marshall, Melmloe,
Miller, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Noell, Pike,
Pomeroy, "William H. Randall, Raymond, Scher.ck,
Shanklin, Smith, Starr, Taber, Tavlor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Wentworth,
James l'\ Wilson, and Winficld—62.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FERRY said : I am in favor of the
principle of the resolution, but opposed to
imperative instruction of committee. I there-
fore vote "no."
Mr. THAYER said: My colleague, Mr.
