1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3819'
equivalent, or annulled by the Legislature; and so
far as tj^cy secure to him the right of attendance, it
is not in the power of the representative to waive
or surrender them. In his privileges areinvolved the
riijht ot representation of the people, and upon their
proper recognition the existence of representative
government and of political liberty depends,
The committee is therefore of opinion that in the
assault upou the person of l£oxi. Mr. Grixxell, of
Iowa, on account of words spoken in debate, and tor
the acknowledged purpose of disgracing him as a
member ot the House and thereby depriving him of
his due «md jiibt influence and power as a member of
this House, Hon, Mr. Rousseau, of Kentucky, com-
mitted an inexcusable breach ot the privileges of this
House, as well as ot the people represented by Mr.
Crixnell, forwhich no provocation or justification
can be pleaded, and which merits the strongest con-
demnation that it is in the power of the House to
impose. In forming this opinion the committee has
not overlooked the circumstances out of which the
assault originated and which have been pleaded as
ground ot justifiable provocation. The imputation
of cowardice in an officer of the Army is an offense
to winch no reply can be made.
It is difficult to prove the existence of personal
courage. A man's character in this respect must be
in a great degree a matter of opinion, When it be •
comes necessary to make an imputation of this char-
acter against a member of the House, it should be
done with the formality of a charge of official mis-
conduct, accompanied by a statement of the facts
upon which it is ba<*cd, and by which it is to be in-
terred or proved. The committee is unable to find
in this ease any justification for an imputation ot
this character asainsttho Representative irom Ken-
tucky. His military services were voluntarily ren-
dered in iavor ot the Government under which the
House holds all its privileges and powers, against a
largo portion of the pcopie of his own State as well
as against his immediate fellow-citizens, relatives,
and friends. If anything would justify a resort to
violence, which the committee denies, it might per-
haps be found in an imputation of this kind. The
committee, therefore, recommends that the House
express its disapproval of the personal reflection of
lion. Mr. CrBiNNELL.of Iowa, upon the character of
Hon. Mr. Houssevu as a violation of the orders of
the House aud a bieach of the privileges of its
members.
It appears from the evidence that three persons
were pie ent with arms at the time of the assault.
One of them at least had been informed of its proba-
ble occurrence, and all of them expressed to the com-
mittee their intention to take part in the affair in the
event ot any unexpected interference on the pait of
outside pariies on either side. It appears to the com-
mittee, after mature deliberation, that inasmuch as
this occurred in a premeditated and actual assault
upon the peison of a member of this House, such
presence and participation was an offense asamst
tne public peace and the privileges ot this House
which ought not, to pass unnoticed. It is theiefore
rec'Miimcnded that these parties be brought to the
bar of the House and hold subject to its order.
In these recommendations the committee has per-
formed the duty with which it was charged. i ut it
i< perhaps proper, in addition to what has been said,
to' call the attention of the House to the necessity ot
enforcing the rules of the House against personali-
ties in debate. Theso rules are founded in natural
reason and i ight, as well as in ancient parliamentary
law. It is the duty of every member pi the House
to see that they are observed. This depends more
upon the temper and purpose of the House than upon
U If the members of the House regard with indiffei-
encothe violation of the rules of debute in this con-
nection, the diprmfy of the House, the privileges ot
its members, and the rights of the people they repro-
sent cannot be maintained. Upoll a full and careful
consideration of all the facts in this case, the com-
mittee reports the following resolutions:
Jiesolved, That Hon. Lovell II. Bousseau, a Rep-
resentative frouiKentueky, by committing an assault
upon the person ot Hon. ,T. B. Grinnell, a Repic-
sentative from the State of Iowa, for words spoken m
debate, has iustly forfeited his privileges as a member
of this House, and is hereby expelled.
Hrsnlr.al, That the personal reflections made by i«r.
Grix.vell, a Representative from the State ot Iowa,
in presence of the Huu«e, upon tho character ot ifr.
Rousseau, a Representative from the State of Ii.en-
tuekv, were in violation ot the rules regulating debate
and the privileges of its members founded thereon,
and merit the disapproval of the House.
ltfi.uk:eJ. That Charles D. l'cniiybakcr of Ken-
tucky, L. B. Grigsby of Kentucky, and John b. Hc-
(irew ot Ohio, by their presence and participaaon in
a premeditated personal assault between Hon. Afr.
Rousseau, of Kentucky, and Hon. Mr. Gkixnell, of
Iowa on account ot words spoken m debate m which
tho p^ons if not the lives of members of this House
were imperiled, were guilty of a violation of its pnvi-
ll"c« ami they arc hereby ordered to be brought to
tr c bar of this House to answer for their contempt of
it, privileges. p gp^^ING,
N. P. BANKS,
M. RUSSELL THAALR.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I have
called- for the reading of this report 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to pre-
sent a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
desires to present a question of order, which
he reserved at the tune the report was made.
Mr. Sl'ALDI^G. That can come in after-
ward. I propose now to address myself to the
whole subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
intended, as the Chair understood, to make the
point at the beginning of the debate. If he
now rises to a point of order he has the right to
arrest all other debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do rise, as I
have already stated, to present a question of
order.
Mr. RAYMOND. With the permission of
the gentleman from Iowa, I ask that the minor-
ity report be read.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Iowa suspend his point of order until the
minority report is read ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will.
The SPEAKER. The report of the minor-
ity will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
views of the minority.
The undersigned concur with the majority of the
committee in holding that General Rousseau, in his
assi/ult upon Mr. Gkikxeil, was guilty of a violation
of the privileges of this House, for which there was
no justification.
But, considering the very gross provoeationreccived
by General Roussu \ c, tho wanton and unjust impu-
tations cast upon his military character and services,
the failure of the House to piotect him against an
assault unwarrantable in itself and aviolationof the
privileges of the House, and the absence of any inten-
tion to inflict severe bodily injury upon Mr. Geix-
nell, they arc ol opinion that expulsion is a punish-
ment more severe than justice or the public interest
requires.
They therefore recommend the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolution instead of the flist of the series
reported by tiio committee:
Resolved. That Hon. Lovell II. Rousseau be sum-
moned to the bar of the House, and be there publicly
reprimanded by the Speaker for the violation of tho
rights and privileges of the House, of which he was
guilty in tho peisonal assault committed by him upon
Hon. J. B. tor words spoken in debate.
In lecommending the adoption of the other reso-
lutions reported by the committee, the undersigned
fully concur. JTEXRY J. R W'lIOXD,
JOHN 1IOO AX.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The point which
I desire to present to the Chair relates to the
second resolution reported by the committee.
That resolution is in these words:
Iianhed, That the personal reflectionsmado by Mr.
Grixxsxl, a Representativcfrom the State of Town,
in presence of the House,, upon tho character oli Mr.
Rousseau, aRepresentativo from the State of Ken-
tucky, were in violation of tho rules regulating de-
bate, and tho privilege* of its membei?i founded there-
on, and merit the disapproval of the House.
I design, sir, to question the authority of the
committee to report that resolution to the
House; and in order that I may present the
point distinctly, I ask that the sixty-first and
sixty-second rules of the House be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Gl. If any member, in speaking or otherwise,
transgress the rules ot the Ilou^e, the Speaker shall,
or any membermay, call to order; in which ease the
member so called toordcr^hall lmmedintclyMtdown,
unless permitted to explain; and the House shall, it
appealed to, decide on the ease, but without debate;
if there be no appeal, the decision of the Chair ^hali
be submitted to. If the decision be in favor ot the
member called to order, he shall bo at liberty to pro-
ceed : if otherwise, hnslwll not be permitted to proved,
in crise any member oh/evt, without I'wo °f- if {°UXL
and if the ease require il, he shall be liable to the
censure of tho House. 1
"02. If a member be called to order lor wo j as «poiven
in debate, the person calling him to order shall ie-
peatthe words exceoted to, and they shall betaken
down in writing at thcClcrk s table ; and no member
shall be held to answer, oi be subject to the censure
of the House, for words sooken m debate, if anyot her
member has spoken, or other business h as in ten emu,
after the words spoken, and before exception to them
shall have been takon."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, so far
as the sixty-first rule applies to this case, I
think that it had its full operation on the day
of the occurrence of the debate out ol which
arose this assault. My colleague [Mr. Giux-
nell] was called to order on that occasion,
he was called to order first by a member of the
House, and subsequently by the Speaker. The
sixtv-first rule provides that upon a member
being called to order the Chair shall decide
he point; and " if the decision shall be in lavor
of the member called to order he shall be at
liberty to proceed ; if otherwise, he shall not
be permitted lo proceed, in case any member
object, without leave of the House, and u the
case require it, he shall be liable to the censuje
of the House."
Now, sir, I find by referring to the proceed-
ings of that day that my colleague was called
to order by two members of the House, and
subsequently by the Speaker. I hold that un-
der the sixty-first rule, the House declining at
that time to take any further notice of the lan-
guage used, and permitting my colleague to
proceed, it bars any subsequent action against
him for language uttered at that time. In
other words, if an offense against the rule was
committed, the action of the House on that
occasion was final and complete.
The next point is under the sixty-second
rule, and is more important. 'That rule declares
that no member shall be held to answer or be
subject to censure of the House for words
spoken in debate if any other member has
spoken, or other business has intervened, after
the words spoken, and before exception to
them shall have been taken. I suppose it will
be claimed that this case was taken 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER,
already pending.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
debatable ?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. ELDKIDgE.
A question of order is
Is the point of order
It is.
. I do not wish to cut the
gentleman off, but only that the House may
know whether it is debatable or not. I thought
questions of order were to be decided without
debate.
The SPEAKER. That is in reference to
priority of business. Tho gentleman from
■Iowa is entitled to stale his point of order
and tlie ground upon which it is based.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not further inter-
rupt the gentleman from Iowa.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that tho gentleman from Iowa is confining
himself strictly to the statement of his point
of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I was saying that
I presumed gentlemen would allege that this
case was taken out of the operation of the rule
by the tei ins of the resolution referring the case
to the selcct committee. I will road the pre-
amble and resolution:
" "Whereas it is alleged in the public press that
Hon Lovell II. Rousseau, a mcinbei of this House
fi om tho State of Kentucky, did, on the evening of
Thursday, tho 14th instant, commit an assault upon
tho peison of Hon. J. B. Guixnell. a member of this
House from tho Stato of Iowa, because of words
spoken in debate in this House by the latter; and
whereas said assault, if committed, was a breach ot
the privileges of this House and ot the member as-
saulted: Therefore,
"I'emlvcit, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to investigate, the subject
and to report the tacts, withsucli rcsolutionsin refer-
ence thereto as in their judgment may be proper and
liccessarv for the vindication of the privileges ot the
House and the protection of its members, and that said
committee ha\ e power to send lor persons and papers
and to examine witnesses on oaith."
I presume it will be claimed that 'by the
terms of the resolution this committee were
clothed with full power to investigate and re-
port upon everything connected with the assault
and alleged pro\oeation. 1 wish to state, in
answer, that what the House cannot do by itself
it cannot do through a committee. _ It appears
from the proceedings of that committee that in
the proceedings of the House for several days
thereafter business of various kinds was trans-
acted. Many members addressed the House;
and this resolution was not adopted until sev-
eral days had transpired. Now, sir, it will be
observed that the committee in submitting this
report do not propose to change the rule of
the House. There is no recommendation that
the rule shall be modified in any manner. The
resolution reported by the committee comes
into this House with the sixty-second rule,which
has been read as one ol the standing rules of
the House, and that rule saj s—the language of
which I will repeat—that no member shall be
held to answer or be subject^ to censure of
the House for words spoken in debate if any
other member has spoken or other business
has intervened after the words spoken and
