1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
Mr. BID WELL. I wish to say one word.
Mr. HA&DINGj of Illinois. Beforethegen-
tleman.proceeds, I would ask him if he will con-
sent £o this amendment of the bill, to add the
following:
J "provided further, That the lands hereby granted
jail be subject to preemption, settlement, and imp-
rovement the same as the Government lands now
i are, and the money derived from such sale shall be
/ applied to the State entitled to the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
amendment will be made.
Mr. BID WELL. The original bill provided
that scrip should be issued for this land to the
several States, and the States were then required
to sell the scrip, not to locate it themselves, but
to sell it. And if they sold it, of course it would
be to those who wished to purchase the land
for the purpose of settling upon it. They had
the right, and it was but proper that they should
have it, to dispose of this land scrip to the best
advantage.
Now, if you apply the principle suggested by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding,]
that these States shall sell only to actual set-
tlers, it may be that they will be unable to
dispose of this land scrip in time to provide
schools within the time required by the law.
And besides, it would bo treating those States
which have not been able to avail themselves
of the benefits o.f this act in a different manner
from that in which the other States have been
treated. While some were permitted to dispose
of their land-scrip to the best advantage, the
States to have the benefit of this act will be
required, upon that principle, to see when they
dispose of their scrip that it shall be actually
settled upon. I hope no such discrimination
will be made. I have no doubt that the amend-
ment is offered in good faith; but it strikes me
that it would be a discrimination against those
States that have not yet been able to take advan-
tage of the act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentleman from California will give his
consent to this amendment. It is eminently
just, and is calculated to promote the settle-
ment of these agricultural lands. The great
evil at present, which it is desirable to avoid
hereafter, is that large bodies of land in the new
States and Territories coming into the pos-
session of other States are kept out of the
market and remain unsettled.
Mr. BIDWELL. I do not believe, Mr.
Speaker, that the amendment will have the
effect which the gentleman anticipates.
Mr. DELANO. The gentleman from Illi-
nois misapprehends, 1 think, the facts of this
case. The States to which this scrip is issued
are expressly forbidden to make a location of
the scrip ; they are required to sell it to indi-
viduals who must locate it. If there is a pre-
emption taken upon any lands before a loca-
tion is made, that preemption, as a matter of
course, is not affected. It would be monstrous
for the United States, or the States to which
the United States may make grants, to go on
and locate a large quantity of lands, thus
making an imperium in imperio; and the act
forbids that. There is no necessity, therefore,
for this amendment; for no such difficulty as
that which is apprehended can arise.
Mr. KASSON. I was not present when the
debate on this matter arose, and I desire to
ask the gentleman from California a question,
which perhaps he has already answered. I
wish to inquire the reason of the proviso at the
end of the section with regard to Territories
that shall become States.
Mr. BIDWELL. The object is to save the
necessity of enacting a law to apply to such
special cases when Territories come into the
Union as States.
Mr. KASSON. It seems to me that it would
be. better to follow our old practice, according
to which, on the admission of these Territories,
Congress declares the terms upon which they
are to be l'eceivcd, giving them certain grants
of land in order to place them on an equality
with States previously admitted.
Mr. BIDWELL. f At any rate this will do
no harm.
Mr. KASSON. It appears to me that it will
operate as a species of mortgage on the public
lands of the United States. I think it would
be better that the grant should be made in the
usual way. This bill proposes to allow three*
years for the acceptance of the grant after the
State shall have been admitted, while, accord-
ing to our practice heretofore, the acceptance
is made at the time of the admission of the
State. I very much prefes to adhere to this
practice, under which the proposition is made
and accepted at the time when the State is
admitted, instead of our makihg this excep-
tional provision, entirely new to our legisla-
tion, pledging ourselves to all the Territories
and giving them three years after their admis-
sion in which to accept the provisions of the
grant. I trust the gentleman will see the pro-
priety of our adhering to the custom and mak-
ing these grants of lands to the new States
when they are admitted.
Mr. BIDWELL. I trust the gentleman will
excuse me if I say that I fail to see the force
of his suggestion. If his view is correct, this
proviso can at any rate do no harm. It pro-
vides that when Territories are admitted into
the Union as States, they shall be entitled to
the benefits of this act, and they are to be
allowed three years iii which to make the
acceptance required by law. Now, three years
at a time when the institutions of the commu-
nity arc in an embryo state is but a short
period.^ Even some of the older States, organ-
ized with all the institutions of States, have
failed to make the acceptance within about
three years, the period which has elapsed since
the passage of the original law.
Mr. KASSON. I think I have not been
fully understood by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, who, as a western man, should compre-
hend what I desire to accomplish. I took the
position that it was unsafe to make pledges
respecting the future disposition of the public
lands and Territories changing their wants and
conditions as rapidly as do the Territories of
the United States. By the proviso the United
States are mortgaged for an indefinite future.
Now, by postponing action on this subject to
the period which has been customary for be-
stowing grants of public lands on new States,
which is at the time of their admission, we
would adapt our conditions connected/with the
grants to the actual condition existing at the
time.
Some Territories may be admitted as States
with a very small population, which would be
unable, without very burdensome taxes, to
build a college for many years, and I should
be unwilling to tie up in such cases the lands
from the use and occupation of actual settlers.
I would be glad if I had the opportunity to strike
out that proviso.
Mr. BIDWELL. We have had Congresses,
I believe, ever since the adoption of the Con-
stitution, and I have no doubt we will have a
Congress every year through the coming cen-
turies of the future, which will provide for all
defects in existing laws or supply omissions
which may be made evident from the existing
condition of affairs. Should this law require
amendment by what may occur hereafter, Con-
gress will amend it. Should it appear that the
provision extending it to new States requires
amendment, I believe the representatives of the
people of the several States will be informed
of the amendment needed and will provide the
proper remedy therefor.
Mr. BURLEIQII. Will this not permit the
holders of this scrip to go into all of the Ter-
ritories and take up the public lands to the
exclusion of actual settlers? It strikes me
that its tendency will be to absorb the public
lands and prevent settlement of the Territo-
ries, and consequently delay their admission
as States into the Union. I cannot look at it
in any other light.
Mr. BIDWELL. I do not think that ob-
jection can apply to this bill.
*Mr, RICE, of Maine. We are selling scrip
now.
Mr. BIDWELL. I do not want to detain I
the House with further discussion. Objections
which could apply to this bill have been cor-
rected by the amendments which have been
proposed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to state to
the gentlemen who are making these objections
now that they are objections which applied •
when the bill was first introduced in 1862, and-
might have been very properly urged at that
time; but that bill has become a law, and all
the States have availed themselves of it, with
one exception. _ When this was first reported
from the Committee on Agriculture, there were
two exceptions; but since then one of the States
has availed itself of the benefits of the law.
It seems to me, I repeat, that these objec-
tions only apply to the original law, and are
not pertinent at this time. This is an amend-
ment by which the State which has not accepted
may avail itself of the law, and by which an
extension of time for building may be allowed.
Mr. BIDWELL. I demand "the previous
question.
- The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. ritter to strike out tl^e words "now
represented in Congress."
Mr. BITTER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FINCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The substitute was then adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and bein 
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BITTEB demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 33? not voting
54 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Baric or, Baxter, Boaman, Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Brandeffce, Broomall,
Buckland, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Cook, Bailing, Dawes,Dela.no, Doming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Eokloy, Epprlcston, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grin-
nell, Griswold, Hale, Hayes, Iligby, Hill, Holmes,
Asahel W. llubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Jaincs Humphrey, Jngersoll,
Jcnckes, Kelso, Keteham, Lafiin, Latham, Gcorgo
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, MeKcc, Morcur, Miller,
Moorhead. Myers, Newell.Niblaek, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Phelps, Plants, Price, Raymond, John II.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Seofield,SheUabarger. Smith,
Starr, Stevens, Stilwell. Thayer, John L. Thomas.
Thornton, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernara, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn. Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wontworth, Whaley,
Williams, JamesF. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, aud
Windom,—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Bergen, Boyer,
Chanlor, Coffroth, Davis, Dawson, Denison, Drisjgs,
Kldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron
Harding, Abncr C.^Ha/ding, Harris, Edwin N. Ilub-
bell, Lo Blond, Nicholson, Noell, Pike, Samuel J.
Randall, Hitter*.Rogers, Rousseau, Shanklin. Sit-
greaves, Strouse, Taber, Trimble, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, and Wright—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Blaine, Blow, Brormvell, Reader W.Clarke,
Cullom, Culver, Defrees, Dodge, Dmnont, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Gridcr, Ilart. Henderson, llosran,
Hooper, Ilotchkiss, DemasHubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Kuykendall, Marshall, Mars-
ton, MeCullough, Melndoe, McRuer, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Orth, Patterson, Pomcroy, Radford, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Alexander II.Rice, Ross, Sehenek,
Sloan, Spalding, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Burt Van
Horn, Ward, Winfield, and Woodbridge—54.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. EOICLEY stated that his colleague; Mr.
sfaldixo, had been called from the House by
important business.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. B{"DWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national bureau 01? education.
Mr. LATHAM, frofn the Committee on
