1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11 
Printing, submitted the following report; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That there be printed two thousand copies
extra of House bill -No. 270, to establish a national
Bureau of Education.
ENKOLLED JOINT 11ESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled the following
joint resolutions; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 53) authorizing
Rear Admiral H. Paulding to accept a decora-
tion from the King of Italy;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 58) respecting
the burial of soldiers who died in the military
service of the United States during the rebel-
lion ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 44) authorizing
Commodore William Radford to accept a dec-
oration from tjie King of Italy.
IIOWAED INSTITUTE.
Mr. INGERSOI>L, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the Howard
Institute and Home of the District of Colum-
bia ; which wa^ read a first and second time,
and referredto the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
MISSOURI MILITIA.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to take up the bill to reimburse
the State of Missouri for her militia.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Thaykr, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
bcing^ Senate bill No. 31, to reimburse the State
of Missouri for moneys expended for ttie Uni-
ted States in enrolling, equipping, and provis-
ioning militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion.
The bill was read; and the Clerk proceeded
to report it by sections.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise, Mr. Chairman,
not to say anything about the particular merits
of this bill, batto call the attention of the com-
mittee to the question of the propriety of bring-
ing in these bills, which are after all nothing
but, private claims on a large scale, as appro-
priation bills. Nine tenths of the members of
this House have in good faith referred their
claims to the Committee of Claims. Senate
bills embracing provisions of this character have
also in good faith been referred by members of
this House to the Committee of Claims.
Now, I would like to call the attention of the
committee to the propriety of making a divid-
ing line, so that when anything comes into this
House for the benefit of my State, or of indi-
viduals in my State, I can move to refer it to
the Committee on Appropriations, and then
when I have an opportunity to call up the claim
I shall have the sanction of my friend from
Pennsylvania, and he will bring it forth as an
appropriation bill.
1 am not speakingjn censure of my friend,
because I know he is obliged to take cognizance
of what comes to the committee, but what I
want is, that the attention of the House shall
be called to the question of a dividing line
between bills referred to the Committee of
Claims and bills referred to the Committtee on
Appropriations. I do not know that there is
any rule on this subject, but I do think there
ought to be fair play, and that there ought to
be a dividing line on this subject somewhere.
Mr. LOAN obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman indulge
me a moment?
Mr. LOAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. This bill passed the Sen-
ate after full examination. The accounts in
this bill were all settled by the authorities, and
there is provision made in this bill for reset-
tlement. This bill was sent to the committee,
and was examined by them, as was their duty,
and they have reported it back to the House.
They have done nothing more. From the
examination of it they came to the conclusion
that the State of Missouri had suffered, perhaps,
more severely than any other State in this ter-
rible rebellion, and that she had manfully stood
up against the rebellion. What she suffered
in life and property has scarcely a parallel in
any State of the Union. Under these circum-
stances, having examined the account, amount-
ing to some seven or eight million dollars, the
committee authorized the chairman to report
this bill, and he has done so in obedience to
that order, but with the perfect sanction of his
own judgment.
I do not understand the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wextworth] to censure the com-
mittee for taking cognizance of what was sent
to them by the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Suppose I have a petition
for the relief a soldier who has lost a leg or an
arm, have I aright to refer it to the Committee
on Appropriations?
Mr. STEVENS. If the House refers if to
that committee, the committee is bound to act
upon it. They may ask to be discharged from
it, but unless they see some reason why it should
not be sent to them by the House, it is their
duty to act upon it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Does the gentleman
consider this in the line of a claim?
Mr. STEVENS. I consider this in the line
of a debt due from the Government to the State
of Missouri for moneys which that State has
paid out, which have been settled according to
the authority given b}r that State, and under
the different orders under the General Govern-
ment. I consider that the amount has been
expended. It is a large amount; I wish it were
less; but when I look at Missouri, and find that
not only this large amount has been expended,
but that her whole country has been ravaged
from year to year, and her citizens plundered,
at a time when this Government was unable to
protect them, it seems to me but just that we
should now bo ready to reimburse her people
for protecting themselves.
I beg the pardon of the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Loax] for occupying his time to make
this statement.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I believe I had the
floor when my friend from. Pennsylvania rose
to make his explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Loa^"] yielded, and then the Chair
recognized the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevexs.]
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Chairman, owing to the
peculiar condition of the State of Missouri at
the outbreak of the rebellion, there has been
great difficulty in understanding how the troops
were brought into the service in that State, and
if the committee will indulge me for a few mo-
ments I will undertake to make a statement in
regard to that matter that I trust will enable
every gentleman who gives me his attention to
fully understand and comprehend this subject.
At the outbreak of the rebellion the govern-
ment of the State of Missouri was disloyal and
endeavored to draw the State into the rebellion.
A convention of the people was held which
appointed a provisional government and au-
thorized it to administer the laws in the State.
Prior to this time, however, it is proper to
state that while the disloyal government wa"fe at
Jefferson City, the capital of the State, they
called out the militia and established a camp
near St. Louis, known as Camp Jackson. The
purpose of this movement was to seize the city
and arsenal and appropriate the public arms
that were there.
General Lyon, then captain, had but one
company of regulars for the protection of the
public property. Francis P. Blair, afterwards
general, was enabled by his personal influence to
bringto the Federal standard ten thousand men,
and place them in that arsenal for its defense!
They were armed, not under the sanction ©f
any law, but from the necessity' of the ease.
The State government being disloyal these men
could not be organized or mustered into the
Federal service. But notwithstanding that they
came to the relief of the United States flag
when called by a Federal officer.
As soon as they were armed they marched
and captured Camp Jackson and the rebel sol-
diers there. Afterward additional forces weie
organized in the same manner, until about
thirty-five regiments were formed, some of
whom served for more than three years. These
troops were known as the home guards of
Missouri. They were not organized under any
Federal authority that was known to the law,
but they were organized at the instance of the
Federal officers from the necessity of the case
to defend the flag.
General Fr6mont and others furnished them
with commissions, and continued them in the
service. They fought at Wilson's Creek where
General Lyon fell. They fought in Arkansas,
and many of the regiments were continued in
the service until 1863. *
On the 25th of March, 1862, there was an act
of Congress passed authorizing payment to
these men. On the 14th of May the sum of
$100,000 was appropriated for that purpose.
At the first session ofthe Thirty-Eighth Congress
an additional sum of seven hundred and odd
thousand dollars was appropriated. This money
was all for the home guards, an organization
entirely independent of the militia of Missouri,
for whom we are now asking pay.
After this disastrous battle of Wilson's Creek,
under authority derived from the State conven-
tion, the provisional governor called into active
service in the State, forty-two regiments of
militia, known as six months' troops.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Loan] inform
the committee of the total amount which Con-
gress has already appropriated to the State of
Missouri for these objects?
Mr. LOAN. The total amount appropriated
is about eight hundred thousand dollars to pay
these home guards. But they were not con-
nected with the State of Missouri except as
General Frfimont, General Lyon, and others,
took the responsibility of calling them into the
service. They saved the United States arse-
nal ; they saved the city of St. Louis; they
fought at the battle of Wilson's Creek, and they
fought in Arkansas; they were an independent
organization.
But these six months' troops were called into
the service on the 23d of August, 1861,1 believe,
by the provisional governor; and they were
organized just after the battle of Wilson's Creek.
Now, six thousand of them served for five
months. In the mean time they were enlisted
in the Missouri State militia and in the volun-
teer service of the State.
In 1862, about the 25th day of July, when
four fifths of the territory of the State of Mis-
souri was in the hands of the rebels, General
Sehofield, commanding at St. Louis, by per-
mission of Governor Gamble, issued Order No.
19, by which every able-bodied man in the State
was required to be organized in the military
service, and but six days were allowed them
within which to report at the various rendez-
vous ready for service.
Under that order about eighty regiments
were organized, and reported for duty as many
of them as were required, and thev remained
on continuous duty to a greater or less extent
until some time in July, lS(i5. It was com-
pulsory upon every able-bodied man within the
State to come into this organization within six
days; the exigencies of the ease being so great
that it was considered necessary to issue such
an order. So much for the history of the six
months' militia, and those who were organized
under Order No. l!i, dated .July 2-~>. ]Sii2.
Now, I propose to call the attention of the
committee for a few moments to the character
and importance of the service rendered by
these troops. The committee will.remember
that they were called into service by Federal
officers : that they were all the" time com-
manded by Federal officers, and that they took
the place of Federal volunteer soldiers. I hold
