830
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
be superseded. If the morning hour is entirely
occupied by its appropriate business, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScofieldJ can
call up that case. It being a privileged ques-
tion, it can be called up by the gentleman at
any timewhen the House is not engaged in the
consideration of other business.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I will let the case go over
tintil after the morning hour, and take my risk
of the House going into Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The next business in or-
der is calling committees for reports of a gen-
eral nature, 'commencing -with the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CLERKS FOR POST OEFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ALLEY. The Committee on the Post
Office 'and Post Roads have authorized me to
report a bill to increase the clerical force of
the Post Office Department. The Senate have
already passed a bill of the same character,
which was referred to our committee. And in
order to save time I ask that the Senate bill be
considered in the House at this time instead of
the bill of a similar character from our com-
mittee.
No objection being made, the JJouse pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Senate bill No.
96, to authorize an increase of the clerical
force of the Post Office Department.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
the Postmaster General may appoint, in addi-
tion to the clerical force now employed in the
Post Office Department, four clerks of the first
class, seven clerks of the second class, fourteen
clerks of the third class, and four clerks of the
fourth class; the same to be paid until the SOth
of June, I860, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
will give the House some reasons for this large
increase of the clerical force of the Post Office
Department, and the corresponding increase
of the expenditures of. the Government.
Mr. ALLEY. I will state, for the informa-
tion of this House, that this increase was recom-
mended by the Post Office Department. The
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
went into a very thorough and fall investigation
of the subject; and they were unanimously of
the opinion, after several conferences with the
Department, that their request should be
granted.
And forthe further information of the House
I will send to the Clerk's desk a communication
to me from the Postmaster General, which 1
ask to have read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Post Office Department,
Washington, January 1u, is06.
SlR: Ihavethehonor to transmit herewith forvour
approval the draft of a bill authorizing an addition to
the clerical force of this .Department.
Tho great increase of clerical labor incident to the
restoration of thepostai service throughout the south-
ern States, added to thelargely increased postal bus-
iness m tho northern Slate.s, as shown bv the recent
annual repo-l of the operations of this Department
has rendered the additional clerical force called for
by this bill necessary to the prompt and satisfactory
transaction of the business! of this Department.
iho number and classification of the additional
clerkships required, have been carefully arranged by
the heads of the respective bureaus, alterconsultation
with each other, and with myself; and X am satisfied
that a less number than those asked for in this bill
would not be suflicientfor the proper management of
the business <)fthe Depai Uncut.
As the services of the«e additional clerks aregroatlv
needed at this time, I trust that the bill may be acted
upon with as little delay as practicable.
x shall be happy to make further explanations to
your committee, if desired, either by letter or in per-
son, as may be most agreeable.
i am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. DEXNJSON.
TT — Postmaster Omcral.
suk 7^; -A-T^EY, Chairman Committee on the Post
Office and 1 otf Roads, House of Representatives.
^ Mi^ STEVE IS S. I do not like to be cap-
tious m matters of this kind. Yet, on the other
hand, J do not like to see appropriation bills
considered out ol Committee of the Whole.
If 1 understand tiiis bill aright, there is an
appropriation ill it.
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I shall be obliged to
ask that the rule be enforced, and ask that this
bill be considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was not
the bill read merely for information?
Th'e SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Alley] asked to have the bill
considered by the House at this time, and no
objection -was made.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to refer this bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
the objection of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] and his point of order
come too late.
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will give me his attention for a mo-
ment  
Mr. STEVENS. I think that is a pretty
sharp point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vexs,] who appears to object to the ruling of
the Ohair, that it was made under the same
rule under which the gentleman himself has at
different times reported appropriation bills,
which have not been read at the Clerk's desk,
and in regard to which he has claimed that the
point of order could not subsequently be made.
The gentleman knows that very well, because
he has often insisted upon that ruling himself.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
asked that the bill be considered in the House,
and at this time. The Chair repeated the re-
quest audibly to the House, and* there was no
objection made.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I will state for
the information of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and oftheHouse, that
1 was aware that this bill contains an appropri-
ation ; but there is in this ease a distinction with-
out a difference. The Senate bill provides that
the appropriation shall come from the Treasury
Department instead of from the Post Office De-
partment, as provided in the bill reported by the
committee. That is all the difference. Under
the rules of the House, I would have the right
to report the bill from the committee, and have
it considered and passed upon now; while in
the other case it required tho consent of tho
House. Certainly, it can make no possible dif-
ference to the Treasury, to the Government, or
to the Post Office Department; while, as this
bill had passed the Senate, tho adoption of it by
the House would avoid the necessity of sending
it back to the Senate for concurrence. Sup-
posing that the slight variation of this bill from
the House bill could make no difference to any-
body, I stated to the House the facts in the case,
asking the consideration of the bill at the pres-
ent time. ^ The Speaker stated that request, and
no objection was made.
It the bill contained an appropriation such
as made any difference in point of fact, I should
not object to a reference (o the Committee of
the Whole. But, as everybody knows, a refer-
ence to the Committee of the Whole would sub-
stantially kill the bill; and as I deem this bill
one of consequence, I of course object to that
reference. The passage of the bill has been
asked^for by the Post Office Department; and
the subject has been thoroughly investigated by
the committee. Several members of the com-
mittee, including myself, have had conferences,
not only with the Postmaster General, but with
several of the heads of the bureaus; and those
officers of the Department all concur in the
opinion that the passage of this bill is impera-
tively demanded. They convinced the whole
committee of the propriety of the measure, and
we have reported the bill unanimously.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, as well
as the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasii-
Bttrxe,] has served with me in this House long
enough to know that no member here is more
careful than I am about such measures as this.
Besides, Mr. Speaker, I think I can say with
justice, and those who know the Postmaster
General wjll doubtless concur with me in opin-
ion, that that gentleman is as careful a public
officer in reference, to these pecuniary matters
as any officer we have ever had at the head of
any Department. The Postmaster General
says that the wants of the Department impera-
tively require this additional force.
Now, sir, let me say to the House that the
additional force asked for is not so large as it
appears to be, because the Department has for
several months past employed under the name
of laborers something like half the force asked
for, these employes being paid as laborers out
of the contingent fund. As this additional force
is so imperatively demanded, and as the mat-
ter has been thoroughly investigated, I hope
the^House will not refuse to pass this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if no further explanation
is desired, I will call the previous question.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I hope the gen-
tleman will permit us to consider this bill in
Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to inquire what number
of clerks the bill provides for, and what ad-
ditional expense will be incurred by their em-
ployment.
Mr. ALLEYThe number that will be act-
ually put in ^rvice, in addition to those already
employed in the manner I have stated, will be
something like sixteen; and the additional
expense will be perhaps twenty or twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man accept an amendment that the appointees
of this Department shall be apportioned among
the several congressional districts of the United
States as nearly as practicable?
Mr. ALLEY. 1 could not accept such an
amendment as that.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I think that is
fair. I shall vote against the bill unless such
a principle be introduced into it, orbe'enforced
by that Dejpartment.
Mr. ALLEY. I think that my friend from
Illinois, if he will consider a moment, will not
persist in asking for the adoption of such an
amendment. He certainly cannot be in earnest,
as there are not positions enough to allow one
to each congressional district; and certainly
he would not be in favor of turning out the
officers now employed in that Department and
substituting to such an extent new and inex-
perienced persons. Certainly such an amend-
ment, as every one will see, is utterly imprac-
ticable.
I now call the previous question.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion the House was divided; and there were—
ayes 67, noes 18; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Alley, and Harding of Illi-
nois.
The House was again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes eighty-four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and
tho main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, moved that the
bill be laid upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
_ Mr. KU1 KENDALL demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new york post office.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on tho
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a joint
resolution relative to the courts and post office
of New York city ; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read at length.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I will state for
the information of the House that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Raymond] intro-
duced a bill which was referred to Our com-
