1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3821
sure for words spoken in debate if other busi-
ness has intervened after the words have been
spoken and before " exception " to them has
been taken. Exception to the words of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grixxeli.] was
taken 1))' the gentleman from Illinois. [Mr.
IIauuixcj,] the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Rou,ssi:au,] and also by the Speaker of
the House, as the records of the Congressional
Globe will show. The distinction is obvious
between the two parts of the rule. In the first
part it speaks of a member excepting to lan-
guage of another and having the words taken
down. In the last part of the rule it says lie
shall not be censured thereafter unless excep-
tion to his words were taken ; but it omits to
add as an essential condition that the words
must also have been taken down. The sub-
stantial point, indeed the only point, required
in the latter part of the rule is, that exception
to the objectionable words must have been
taken.
These rales, the sixty-first and sixty-second,
are not always carried out to their full extent;
it is not always required that the words excepted
to shall be taken down in writing at the Clerk's
desk, as we have the Congressional Globe in
which are printed all the words spoken as taken
down by the reporters in full. Sometimes, in-
deed quite often, the Chair rules upon the ques-
tion of order as soon as it is raised, without
the words excepted to being required by any
one to be taken down in writing and read.
Sometimes, as to-day, in the debate upon the
bridge bill, a member calls another to order,
and requires the words to be taken down in
writing, when the Speaker rules upon the ques-
tion of order. Sometimes the rule is carried
a step further, and the demand is made that
the member called to order shall take his seat
until leave is granted by the House for him to
proceed in order. Sometimes, but rarely, the
House goes beyond this and carries out the
rule to its fullest extent and rigor by censuring
the offending member upon the spot.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson^
read a precedent of Mr. Speaker Grow, from
the Thirty-Seventh Congress. But hedid not
read the language of the Manual which was
quoted by the Speaker at that time. The lan-
guage of Mr. Vallandigham. was uttered in
Committee of the Whole, when the Speaker
was not in the chair and could not be. The
Manual lays down a specific rule regulating
debate in Committee of the Whole; and this
is the rule:
" Disorderly words spoken in a committee must he
written down as in the House; but the committee can
onhj report them to the House for animadversion."
The only way the House could have taken
notice of the words excepted to in that ease,
was by having them written down in Commit-
tee of the Whole, to be reported to the House.
The Committee of the Whole is a different body
entirely from the House ; it is presided over by
a different person and is governed by different
rules, as members are all aware. It has no
power to censure a member for disorderly
words, but must report them specifically to the
House for its action.
The Chair is of the opinion, therefore, that
under the sixty-second rule, which is com-
posed of two parts, separated by a semicolon,
it is distinctly shown by the first part that'' call-
ing to order" is excepting to words spoken in
debate, and that that can be pursued further,
if any member sees fit to do so; that any
member can demand that the words excepted
to shall be taken down in writing; or a mem-
ber may demand that the person called to order
shall take his seat until the Speaker decides
the point. But even if the decision is adverse
the Speaker cannot compel him to stop his
speech, while any single member on the floor
can, by demanding that he shall not proceed
further unless by consent of a majority of the
House. As this may seem strange to mem-
bers, the Chair will read from the sixty-first
rule:
" If the decision be in favor of the member called
to order, he shall be at liberty to proceed; if other-
toise, ne shall not be permitted to proceed, in case any
member object, without leave of the Rouse."
It is for any member to object to another,
against whom a point of order has been suc-
cessfully made, going on without the leave of
the House. And the rule seems to be predi-
cated on the presumption that if, out of all the
members who heard the objectionable words
and the Speaker's ruling against them, no one
objects to his proceeding further, they are will-
ing that he shall continue his speech. No
such action was had in the House on the 11th
of June, when this debate occurred. The
Speaker promptly ruled upon every point of
order which was raised. He ruled against the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. GrisxellJ upon
every point. Any gentleman upon either side
had the right to insist that the gentleman
should resume his seat and should not pro-
ceed until the House had given him permission
to proceed in order. But no one raised that
point; and thereby the right to raise it was
waived. But that does not interfere with the
operation of the last part of this rule, which
states (inverting the language) that a member
can be censured if exceptions to the words
spoken by him were taken at the time.
But this case is also settled by the resolution
adopted by the House. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] rose to a question of
privilege, and submitted the resolution which
has been read by the gentleman from Iowa.
The Chair construes the preamble of that res-
olution somewhat differently from the gentle-
man from Iowa. That gentleman emphasized
the latter part of the preamble, while the Chair
thinks that the portion narrating the affair is
the substantial part. The Chair will read the
preamble and resolution so that the House may
judge whether his construction of them is cor-
rect. It may be remarked, in passing, that
no gentleman moved to amend them, and they
were unanimously agreed to by the House as
instructions to this committee:
" Whereasit is alleged in the public press that lion.
TiOVELL !I. Rousseau, a member of this House from
the State of Kentucky, did, on the evening of Thurs-
day, the 14th instant, commit an assault upon the
gerson of Hon. J. B. Grixnell, a member of this
;oui.c from the State of Iowa, because of words
spoken in debate in this House by the latter; and
whereas, said assault, if committed, was a breach of
the privileges of this House and of the member as-
saulted : Therefore,
"liesohed, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to investigate thesubject and
to report the facts, with such resolutions in reference
thereto as in their judgment may be proper and ne-
cessary for the vindication of the privileges of the
House and the protection of its members, and that
said committee have power to send for persons and
papers and to examine witnesses on oath."
The resolution referring to the preamble,
which states that the member from Kentucky
did "commit an assault upon the person of
Hon. J. B. Grixxelt,, a member of this House
from the State of Iowa, because of words spoken
in debate inthis House by the latter,'1' atul hold-
ing such assault to be a breach of the privileges
of this House and of the member assaulted,
instructs this committee to'' investigate the sub-
ject and to report the facts, with such resolu-
tions in reference thereto as in their judgment
may be proper and necessary for the vindication
of the privileges of the House and the protec-
tion of its members." The Chair thinks that
this gave the committee full jurisdiction in the
case, by the unanimous order of the House, no
one proposing to limit their resolutions, but
conferring on them full power to report what-
ever, on the facts ascertained by them, they
deemed proper and necessary for the double
object of vindicating the privileges of the House
and the protection of its members.
Now, in the case cited by the gentleman
from Iowa, in which Mr. Vallandigham ^used
language reflecting upon Senator Watie, if the
latter had been in the Hall at the time and
when so offensively denounced, had imme-
diately committed a personal assault upon the
former, and if a committee had been appointed
with instructions to investigate the matter as a
violation of the privileges of a member of the
House, is it not evident that the House would
have expected the committee to report with
reference to the whole controversy, even if an
immediate collision had prevented the words
from being excepted to, taken down and read at
the Clerk's table, and ruled on by the Speaker;
that the committee should at least have em-
braced in their report anything closely con-
nected with the transaction—bearing the rela-
tion, it might be said, of cause to effect ? Cer-
tainly this would have boon cxpccted by the
House. In accordance with this principle was
the action of the select committee upon the
case which arose in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, when a member from South Carolina,
aided by another standing near by, assaulted a
Senator from Massachusetts in his sear, for
words*spoken in debate. In that case the
committee reported upon the entire subject,
including everything out of which the assault
grew.
The Chair, therefore, is of opinion that un-
der the instructions unanimously given in this
case to the committee by this House the com-
mittee had authority to report upon the whole
controversy, in accordance with the specific
language of the preamble of the resolution pro-
viding for the appointment of the committee to
investigate an assault caused by words spoken
in debate. The Chair, therefore, overrules the
point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to raise the question of order, whether the
gentlemen named in the third resolution of the
majority of the committee were subject to the
jurisdiction of that committee. I moan the
resolution referring to Charles D. Penny baker,
L. B. Grigsby, and John S. MeOrew. I insist,
Mr. Speaker, that the resolution raising this
committee and giving them the authority un-
der which they acted did not authorize them to
report that resolution. I, of course, will not
refer to the fact that no proof of complicity
has been reported by the committee against
L. B. Grigsby, of Kentucky, and John S. Me
Grow, of Ohio, for that is apparent to the
House; and only a suspicion is reported by the
committee in regard to Mr. Pennybaker, of
Kentucky. I insist, under that resolution this
committee has no right to take cognizance of
these gentlemen. The utmost they were au-
thorized to do or could have done was to report
the facts to the House.* They were not author-
ized to report a resolution condemning them,
and more especially when those were the only
witnesses in regard to the facts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, for the reasons already slated
by him in his decision just made. The com-
mittee were authorized and instructed—
" To investigate the subject and to report the facts,
with such resolutions in reference thereto as in their
judgment maybe proper nndnece'saryfor thevimli-
cation of the privileges of the House and the protec-
tion of its members."
It was a large authority, and if they had evi-
dence that these gentlemen were connected in
any way as accessories to the assault they had
the right to report. Citizens have often been
brought to the bar of the House for breach of
its privileges. In the Fourth Congress the
House of Representatives committed llandall
and Whitney, two citizens, for attempting to
corrupt the integrity of certain members of
Congress, which the House decided to be a con-
tempt and breach of its privilege. In the same
Congress it was decided that a challenge given
by a citizen to a member of Congress was a
breach of privilege ; and it was also decided,to
bo a breach of privilege for the official printer
(elected under the old law) to publish para-
graphs defamatory of Congress in the official
organ. The Chair thinks the committee had
the right to report the third resolution as well
as the second, and therefore overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make a single
remark in regard to the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Wisconsin. In addi-
tion to the precedents cited by the Speaker, it
has been decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States that persons not connected with
