is w.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2861
his amendment to allow the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to offer his.
Technically the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was not before the commit-
tee, but it was understood that he yielded for
the purpose of permitting the gentleman from
Massachusetts to offer his.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know but it is all
right already ; but I offer my amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Whenever any fraud has been or shall be charged
against any person, either in the annual, special, or
other lists, or in the monthly, special, or other returns,
and the person thus charged shall deny the same and
demand a trial, and bhall tender to the assessor good
and sufficient bail to secure all the deficiency or
amount of the fraud charged and costs of suit, all
further proceedings shall bo suspended by the assessor
and collector, and the whole case reported to the
United States district attorney for the district, who
shall have power to proceed and collect the same in
an action of debt or assumpsit, and proceed thereon
to final judgment and execution: Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be held to affect the
proceedings by indictment or qui tarn action.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the Clerk to read
what has already passed the committee on this
subject at the end of the eighteenth section.
The Clerk read as follows:
And in addition to the other provisions of law,
whenever fraud is alleged as to any list or return,
and the party charged 
Mr. STEVENS. If it stated whenever any
fraud has been or shall be alleged, I would be
satisfied. There are several cases suspended
now for the purpose of allowing an opportu-
nity to amend this provision.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the amendment made in committee will be so
modified.
Mr. STEVENS accordingly withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now offer the following
amendment:
That section ninety-seven of the act to which this
is an amendment be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
I desire to have that section read.
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be done. It
is in the nature of debate, which the House has
ordered to stop.,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not ask to debate
it; only to have the section proposed to be
repealed read.
Mr. MORRILL. That would be in the na-
ture of debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand any difference between reading a
printed page and debate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I will modify my
amendment so as to read:
Sec. —. And be itfudher enacted, That the ninety-
seventh section of the act of which this is an amend-
ment be, and the same is hereby, repealed, to wit:
" Sec. 97. A nd hp it farther enacted, That every per-
son, firm, or corporation, who shall have made any
contract i>rior to the passage of this act, and without
other provision therein for the payment of duties
imposed by law enacted subsequent thereto, upon
articles to be delivered under such contract, is hereby
authorized and empowered to add to the price thereof
so much money as will be equivalent to the duty so
subsequently imposed on said articles, and not pre-
viously paid by the vendee, and shall be entitled by
virtue hereof to be paid and to sue for and recover
the same accordingly: Provided, That where the Uni-
ted States is the purchaser under such prioreontract,
the certificate of theproperofficeroftheDepartment
by which thecontraet was made, showing, according
to regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the articles so purchased by the United
States, and liable to such subsequent duty, shall be
taken and received, so far as the same is applicable,
in discharge ofsuch subsequent duties on articles so
contracted to bo delivered to the United States and
actually delivered according to such contract."
The question was taken on the amendment
as modified; and it was disagreed to—ayes
twenty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire again to call the
attention of the committee to the amendment
which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allisox]
is willing to offer to the fourteenth section,
striking out the word "penalties."
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
word "penalties" wherever it occurs in the
sixteenth section as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I offer the follow-
ing as an additional section to the bill:
Sue. —. 71 a it further cnactcd. That in estimating
for taxation the value of all manufactures taxable
under the provisions of this act, the actual cost to the
manufacturer of all manufactured articles which ha ve
already been subjected to and paid a revenue tax,
and which have entered iDto the said manufactures,
shall be deducted from the taxable value of such
manufactures.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House with
the amendments, and with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. ANCONA. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe the bill has been
read through and that I have a right to make
my motion, and whether I have or not I hope
gentlemen will no Itager persist in offering
further amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's motion
is not in order as long as any member desires
to offer an amendment.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to offer the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Sec. —. Be it further enacted, That proprietors of
grist and saw mills, doing custom work for tolls, Ax.,
shall not be held to be manufacturers under this act,
or the acts to which this is an amendment, unless
their receipts for such work exceed $1,U00, as provided
in the amendmenttosectionseventy-ninebythis act.
Mr. ROLLINS. In what part of the bill can
the gentleman get in that amendment at this
stage? The bill has been read through.
Mr. ANCONA. I offer it as an additional
section.
The question was taken on Mr. Ascoxa's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House with the
amendments, and with the recommendation
that the bill do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 18C4, and
had directed him to report the same to the
House with sundry amendments, and w^th the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I trust the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will yield
to me for a moijent, to offer an amendment in
pursuance to a general understanding which
was agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL. If there was such an un-
derstanding, of course I will yield; but I regret
that I am obliged to do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the follow-
ing to come in as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all assessors,
collectors, and revenue agents piovided for by this
act, or the several acts of which this net is amenda-
tory, shall be appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate; and the advico and eonscntof the Senate
shall be given before any such officer shall be re-
moved from office, unless such removal shall he for
malfeasance in ofiiee during the recess of Cougre&s.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute for the amend-
ment adopted in Committee of the Whole on
motion of the gentleman front Ohio, [Mr.
Sciiexck,] in relation to the tax on cigars,
cheroots, and cigarettes, so that if his amend-
ment is not concurred in the bill in that re-
spect will remain as perfected in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill] de-
sires to offer his amendment so as to have it
acted upon under this rule, to be found on
page 05 of Barclay's Digest:
"If the committee [of the whole] shall amend a
clause, and subsequently strike out the clause as
amended, the first amendment thereby falls, and can-
not be reported to the House and voted on. So, too,
if the committee shall amend a bill ever so much
And the same rule applies to a section or
clause of a bill—
"and subsequently ailopt, a substitute therefor, the
bill is to be reported to the House with but a single
amendment, namely, the substitute; and the House
has only to ohoose between the original bill and sub-
stitute."
If, therefore, the amendment adopted in re-
gard to cigars, &e., by the Committee of the
Whole on motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] should be voted down, then all
the amendments which intervened would fall,
and the section would stand in that respect
as reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. MORRILL. What I desire is to offer
an amendment to be voted on in case the
amendment moved by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] should be voted down. The
amendment I propose is as follows:
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco,
inclosed in a wrapper or binder, and not over three
and a half inches in length, and cigars made with
twisted heads, the market value of which (tax in-
cluded) is not over eight dollars per thousand, a tax
of two dollars per thousand; when the market value
is over eight dollars and not over twelve dollars per
thousand, (tax included.) and on cheroots, and cigars
known as short-sixes, and on any cigars, the market
value of which (tax included) is not over twelve dol-
lars per thousand, a tax of four dollars per thousand.
On all other cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes, made
wholly of tobacco, or of any substitute therefor, a
tax of ten dollars per thousand.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
regarded as pending, to be voted upon should
the amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole be voted down.
Mr. MORRILL. And I offer the following
amendment for a similar purpose in relation
to the articles therein named;
On reapers, mowers, threshing-machines, scales,
pumps, garden engines, hydraulic rains, and wooden-
ware, a tax of threo per ccnt. ad valorc.ti.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
regarded as pending, to be voted upon should
the amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole be voted down.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask the Chair
a question, in order to see if I understand the
position of the amendment in relation to cigars,
cheroots, &e. An amendment upon my mo-
tion was adopted in Committee of the Whole
and has been reported to the House. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Morrill] now moves an amend-
ment in place of the one adopted on my mo-
tion. Which question will be first taken, on
his amendment or mine?
The SPEAKER. The House, while in Com-
mittee of the Whole, considered the clause in
relation to cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] moved an
amendment in the nature of a substitute for that
clause. Pending that motion the Committee
of the Whole proceeded to perfect the clause
upon the recommendation of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and perhaps on motion of
other members. After the clause had been
perfected the substitute moved by the gentle-
man from Ohio was adopted, striking out the
clause as perfected. Now, should the amend-
ment adopted by the Committee of the Whole,
on motion of the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
sonexck,] be voted down in the House, under
the rule which has just been read the clause
would be left to stand as reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and not as per-
fected in Committee of the Whole before the
substitute of the gentleman from Ohio was
adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then, if I understand the
Chair, the whole matter may lie simplified by
the friends of this interest in the West voting
down the amendment proposed by the geniie-
man from Vermoet [Mr. MonKir,l]jtnd voting
to sustain the amendment adopted in Commit-*
tee of the Whole on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken upon the proposition of the gentleman
fromOhio. Shouldthatbeadopted, no fuither
question will betaken. But if the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio should bo voted
down, then the question will be upon the prop-
