1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st
the direction of the Judge Advocate General,
until otherwise provided by law, or until the
Secretary of War shall decide that their services
can be dispensed with.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
quartermaster's department of the Army shall
hereafter consist of one quartermaster general,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a briga-
dier general; six assistant quartermasters gen-
eral, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
colonels of cavalry; ten deputy quartermasters
general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of lieutenant colonels-of cavalry; fifteen quar-
termasters, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of majors of cavalry; and forty-four assistant
quartermasters, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of captains of cavalry: and the vacan-
cies hereby created in the grade of assistant
quartermaster shall be filled by selection from
among the persons who have rendered merito-
rious services as assistant quartermasters of
volunteers during two years of the war; but
after the first appointments made under the
provisions of this section, as vacancies may
occur in the grades of major and captain in this
department, no appointments to fill the same
shall be made until the number of majors shall
be reduced to twelve, and the number of cap-
tains to thirty, and thereafter the number of
officers in each of said grades shall continue to
conform to said reduced numbers.
Seo. 14. Andbeit further enacted, That the
number of military storekeepers in the quar-
termaster's department shall hereafter be as
many as shall be required, not exceeding six-
teen, who shall have the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of captains of infantry.
Sec. 15, Andbeit further enacted, That the
provisions of the act tor the better organization
of the quartermaster's department, approved
July fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
shall continue in force until the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
and no longer.
Sec. 16. Andbeit fur fhei\enacted, That the
subsistence department of the Army shall here-
after consist of the number of officers now au-
thorized by law, viz: one commissary general
of subsistence, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general: two assistant com-
missaries general of subsistence, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of colonels of cavalry;
two assistant commissaries general of subsist-
ence, %vith the rank, pay, and emoluments of
lieutenant colonels of cavalry; eight commis-
saries of subsistence, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of majors of cavalry ; and sixteen
commissaries of subsistence, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of captains of cavalry.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the
medical department of the Army shall hereafter
consist of one surgeon general, with the rank,
pa_v, and emoluments of a brigadier general;
one assistant surgeon general, with the rank,
pay, t>nd emoluments of a colonel of cavalry;
one chief medical purveyor and four assistant
medical purveyors, with the rank, pay. and
emoluments of lieutenant colonels of cavalry,
who shall give the same bonds which are or
may be required of assistant paymaster gen-
erals of like grade, and shall, when not acting
as purveyors, be assignable to dutyas surgeons
by the President; sixty surgeons, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of majors of cavalry; one
hundred and fifty assistant surgeons, with the
rank. pay. and emoluments oi lieutenants of
cavalry for the first three years' service, and
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of captains
of cavalry after three years' service: and live
medical storekeepers, with the same compensa-
tion as is now provided by law ; and all the origi-
nal vacancies in the grade of assistant surgeon
shall be filled by selection by examination trorn
among the persons who have served as staa or
regimental surgeons, or assistant surgeons oi
volunteers in the Army of the Lmted orates
two years during the late war; and persons
who have served as assistant surgeons three
years in the volunteer service shall be eligible
for promotion to the grade of captain; and the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized to ap-
point from the enlisted men of the Army, or
cause to be enlisted, as many hospital stew-
ards as the service may require, to be perma-
nently attached to the medical department,
under such regulations as the Secretary of
War may prescribe.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the
pay department of the Army shall hereafter con-
sist of one paymaster general, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a brigadier general;
two assistant paymasters general, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of colonels of cavalry;
two deputy paymasters general, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of
cavalry; and sixty paymasters, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of majors of cavalry, to
be selected from persons who have served as
additional paymasters.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the
corps of engineers shall consist of one chief of
engineers, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a brigadier general; six colonels, twelve lieu-
tenant colonels, twenty-four majors, thirty cap-
tains, and twenty-six first and ten second lieu-
tenants, who shall have the pay and emoluments
now provided by law for officers of the engineer
corps. *
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the
five companies of engineer soldiers, and the
sergeant major and quartermaster sergeant
heretofore prescribed by law shall constitute
a battalion of engineers, to be officered by offi-
cers of suitable rank detailed from the corps
of engineers; and the officers of engineers, act-
ing respectively as adjutant and quartermaster
of this battalion, shall be entitled to the pay
and emoluments of adjutants and quartermas-
ters of cavalry.
Sec. 21. Andbeit further enacted, That the
ordnance department of the Army shall consist
of the same number of officers and enlisted men
as now authorized bylaw, and the officers shall
be of the following grades, viz: one brigadier
general, three colonels, four lieutenant colo-
nels, ten majors, twenty captains, sixteen first
lieutenants, and ten second lieutenants, with
the same pay and emoluments as now provided
by law; and thirteen ordnance storekeepers, of
whom a number not exceeding six may be ap-
pointed and authorized to act as paymasters at
armories and arsenals. The ordnance store-
keeper and paymaster at the national armory
at Springfield shall have the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a major of cavalry, and all other
ordnance storekeepers shall have the rank, pay,
and emoluments of captains of cavalry, and two
thirds of the military storekeepers and ordnance
storekeepers to be appointed under this and the
fourteenth section of this act, shall be selected
from volunteer officers er soldiers who have per-
formed meritorious service in the Army of the
United States during the late rebellion.
Sec.22. Andbeit further enacted, That there
shall be one chief signal officer of the Army,
who shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a colonel of cavalry; and the Secretary of
War shall have power to detail six officers, and
not to exceed one hundred non-commissioned
officers and privates, from the battalion of en-
gineers, for the performance of signal duty;
but no officer or enlisted man shall be so de-
tailed until he shall have been examined and
approved by a military board, to be convened
by the Secretary of War for that purpose; and
enlisted men, while so detailed, shall, when
deemed necessary, be mounted upon horses
provided by the Government.
Sec. 23. Andbeit further enacted, lhatthe
Adjutant General, Quartermaster General,
Commissary General of Subsistence, Surgeon
General, Paymaster General, Chief of Engi-
neers, and Chief of Ordnance, shall hereafter
be appointed by selection from the corps to
which they belong, and no person shall be ap-
pointed to any vacancy created by this act in
the pay, medical, or quartermaster's depart-
ments, until he shall have passed the exami-
nation now required by law.
Sec. 24. And be it farther enacted, That no
person [s] shall be commissioned in any of the
regiments authorized by this act until they shall
have passed a satisfactory examination before
a board, to be composed of officers of that arm
of the service in which the applicant is to serve,
to be convened under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War, which shall inquire into the ser-
vices rendered during the war, capacity and
qualifications of the applicants; and such ap-
pointments, when made, shall be without regard
to previous rank, but with sole regard to qual-
ifications and meritorious services ; and per-
sons applying for commissions in any of the
regiments authorized by this act shall be enti-
tled in case of passing the examination, and
being appointed or commissioned, to receive
mileage from the place of his residence to the
place of examination, or such portion of that
distance as he may actually travel, the same as
is paid to officers traveling under orders, but
there shall be paid no other compensation.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That the
office of sutler in the Array and at military
posts is hereby abolished, and the subsistence
department is hereby authorized and required
to furnish such articles as may from time to
time be designated by the inspectors general of
the Army, the same to be sold to officers and
enlisted men at cost prices, and if not paid for
when purchased, a true account thereof shall
be kept, and the amount due the Government
shall be deducted by the paymaster at the pay-
ment next following such purchase: Provided,
That this section shall not go into effect until
the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of promoting knowledge of mili-
tary science among the young men of the Uni-
ted States, the President may, upon the appli-
cation of an established college or university
within the United States, with sufficient capa-
city to educate at one time not less than one
hundred and fifty male students, detail an offi-
cer of the Army to act as president, superin-
tendent, or professor of such college or uni-
versity ; thatthe number of officers so detailed
shall uot exceed twenty at anytime, and shall
be apportioned through the United States as
nearly as practicable according to population,
and shall be governed by general rules, to be
prescribed from time to time by the Presi-
dent.
Sec. 27. And be it f arther enacted, That
whenever troops are serving at any post, gar-
rison, orpermanentcamp, there shall be estab-
lished a school where all enlisted men may be
provided with instruction in the common Eng-
lish branches of education, aud especially in
the history of the United States, and the Sec-
retary of War is authorized to detail such com-
missioned officers and enlisted men as may be
necessary to carry out the provisions of this
section; and it shall be the duty of the post or
garrison commander to cause to be set ap.art a
suitable room or building for school and reli-
gious purposes.
Sec. 28. And be it f urther enacted, I hat
nothing in this act shall be construed to author-
ize or permit the appointment to any position
or office in the Army of the United States of
any person who has served in any capacity in
the military, naval, or civil service of the so-
called confederate States or of either of the
States in insurrection during the late rebellion;
but any such appointment shall be illegal and
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That, in
construing this act, officers who have heretofore
been appointed or commissioned to serve with
United States colored troops shall be deemed
