838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Post Office Department, such parties to be
deemed receivers and custodians of the public
money, and be subject to all the pains and
penalties, fines and forfeitures now provided
by law in the case of receivers and custodians
of the public money.
Mr. ALLEY. This bill was originally re-
ported to the Senate by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post lioads of that body. It
was recommitted to that committee and subse-
quently reported back in a little different shape,
precisely in the same form in which we have it
now. It underwent a very rigid discussion in
the Senate. The opposition was very marked
and determined to the passage of the first bill,
but afterward, when it was presented to the
Senate in its present form, it received, after a
thorough and full discussion, I think almost a
unanimous vote. I am not quite certain, be-
cause the yeas and nays were not called. It
comes to us in this form.
I will send now to the Clerk's desk, to be
read, a letter from the Postmaster General,
stating the reason why he desires the passage
of this bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Post Office Department,
Washincston, D. C., January 11,18GS.
Sir : X inclose a draft of a law authorizing the Post-
master General to s^ll stamps on credit.
The object of the law is to enable the Department
to circulate its stamps through tho States lately in
rebellion.
This cannot now be done to any considerable extent
for the reason that the law only authorizes tho sale of
stamps to postmasters or for cash.
There are many places in thesouthorn States where
thero are neither persons who can take tho oath re-
quired bylawforthoqualification of postmasters, nor
persons ofsufficient means to euable them topurchase
stamps for cash.
I am advised that tho demand for stamps is so great
in those States that there may bef'ound many persons
of responsibility and integrity who, though unable to
take the test oath, aro able to give good bonds, and
would cheerfully become responsible for the stamps
intrusted to them, and sell them for tho accommoda-
tion of the community where they reside.
It is my intention to appoint, ?o far as practicable,
as receivers and vendors of stamps persons who have
already been appointed assessors, collectors. &c., and
have therefore received the indorsement of the Gov-
ernment.
The compensation proposed is very light, but the
penalties provided for aro as severe as aro now pro-
vided by law in all cases of receivers and custodians
of public funds.
It is believed that a measure of tho character pro-
posed will not only produce considerable revenue to
the Department, but will tend topromoteafeelingof
contentment and subordination among tho people of
the southern States, and at tho same time protoot tho
Department against loss.
Very respectfully, <tc., TV. DENNTSOJT,
Postmaster General.
Hon. James Dixon, Chairman Committee on Post Office
and Post lioads, United States Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I notice that it is
stated in the letter which has just been read
that the assistant assessors and collectors in
the southern States are persons who have al-
ready "received the indorsement of the Gov-
ernment." I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to state to this House in what manner these
officers have received that indorsement, and
whether those persons have taken the oath re-
quired by law; whether they have not, instead
of that, sent on oaths, now filed in the De-
partments, that arc unknown to the law; and
whether, in at least one case, the officer has
not omitted in his oath to state that he will
support the Constitution of the United States.
It occurs to me that this bill is another de-
parture from the general policy of the Govern-
ment for the benefit of those who have been in
rebellion against the Government, and I think
it is time that this House should stop these de-
partures. They have been made heretofore
without the sanction of Congress, and it does
seem to me that this is not the time for us to
indorse, by this or any similar bill, these de-
partures from tho obligations imposed by the
law upon the heads of our Departments, those
departures being for the benefit of those who
have been in rebellion against the Government.
Let this subject be considered fully in all its
bearings before we attempt in this exceptional
way to relieve all those persons who have been
engaged in rebellion from the obligations which
rest upon them equally with men who have
been true to this Government throughout all
the late struggle. I am opposed to special le-
gislation for the benefit of rebels. Laws good
enough for loyal men are good enough for those
who are not loyal. I should like to have some
explanation from the gentleman as to the char-
acter of the qualifications possessed by these
officers, who are, in that letter, stated to " have
received the indorsement of the Government."
Mr. ALLEY. I have no information in re-
gard to these officers that the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] or any other member of
this House does not possess. I can only say
that this bill does'not, provide, neither is it
designed, that any of these officers shall be the
custodians of these stamps unless they have
the qualifications required by the laws of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
that the letter which has been read does state
that these officers may be selected.
Mr. ALLEY. I will state to the gentleman
that this letter was read in the Senate and has
been published in the Globe, from which I have
had it read. The original letter was sent to the
chairman of the Post Office Committee of the
Senate [Mr. Dixon] and was there read, at the
time the bill was first reported. The same
objection was made there, and the same discus-
sion arose. The bill was then recommitted and
finally reported back in an amended form, and
after a very thorough and searching investiga-
tion and a full discussion of the whole question,
the bill was passed, as I stated before, by the
Senate unanimously. I know that the bill re-
ceived the support by word and vote of some
of the most radical members of that body, as
being a measure not in favor of the rebels,
but one imperatively demanded by the public
interest.
Mr. ICASSON. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] allow me a word
upon this bill?
Mr. ALLEY. If I yield to all who desire to
say anything upon this bill, my time will be all
taken up, and the gentleman must excuse me
now.
Mr. STEVENS. I think this bill ought to
be printed. We ought not to act upon such a
bill as this in this way in the dark.
Mr. KASSON. I desirebutamoment'stime.
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield in a moment. I
desire to say a word in reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs.] Of course
I have no desire whatever to suppress informa-
tion, and I am willing to give the House every
opportunity to investigate this subject most
fully. But this is a matter which has been before
the Senate for some time, and was thoroughly
discussed there, and the discussions have been
published in the Globe, and I supposed that al-
most every member of this House had had his
attention drawn to this subject and knew some-
thing about it. But if it is the case that the
House is not well informed upon this subject,
then I am quite willing, of course, that it should
go over, and be printed. But, under the cir-
cumstances, I think I must insist upon its con-
sideration now.
I now yield to tho gentlemanfrom Iowa [Mr.
Kasson] for five minutes.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, this bill is, in
my judgment, purely a business bill, concern-
ing the proper and profitable conduct of the
business of the Post Office Department. While
I am opposed to one or two of the provisions
of the bill, I cannot see the necessity for lug-
ging in a question of reconstruction in connec-
tion with this ample bill.
The Post Office Department, in order to
maintain the revennes of the Department,
wants to sell all the stamps it can. This bill
proposes a measure to facilitate tho selling of
stamps. They cannot be sold where they can-
not bo bought. My objection, therefore, to
this bill does not rest upon the fact that it en-
ables people in the South to buy the stumps
which, under the laws of tho United States,
they must buy, or write no letters. My objec-
tion is that the bill contemplates what, it seems
to mo, is an interference with the system of
administration adopted in recent acts touching
the Post Office Department. Postmasters were
formerly paid by commissions, dependent upon
the number of postage stamps canceled ; and
they were charged and are now charged v. ilh
the selling of stamps and stamped envelopes
to anybody who may wish to buy them. It costs
the Government nothing when it uses its own
legitimate officers as the instrumentalities for
the sale of these stamps and stamped envel-
opes. The propositisn embraced in this bill
is to allow five per cent, for the sale of these
stamps to every one who shall be declared a
depositary. Considerably over ten million dol-
lars' worth of stamps per annum'arenow sold ;
and anallowance of five per cent, would amount
to half a million dollars annually.
I think that we should not subject the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department to so seri-
ous a subtraction as is proposed by this 'bill.
On the contrary, if there are not a sufficient
number of postmasters in any localities to dis-
tribute stamps, I think it should be provided
that the Department may in such cases deposit
stamps for sale with any Government officer
there, requiring that officer to attend to this
business in connection with his other public
duties, without any additional cost to the Gov-
ernment.
I am therefore opposed to this bill, as cal-
culated to cause a serious reduction of the rev-
enues of the Department. I think that the
object sought can be much better accomplished
by an amended bill. Hence I hope that an
opportunity will be given for members to see
the bill in print, so that we may propose such
amendments as will arrive most effectually at
the result desired.
I ought to add that I know full well, as docs
every gentleman who is acquainted with the
Postmaster General, that no measure for the
benefit or advantage merely of rebel interests
will emanate from that Department. This bill
involves a simple question of business. The
Postmaster General is, beyond doubt, honest
in his desire to facilitate the sale of stamps and
increase the revenues of the Department. I do
not like, however, tho, method in which he pro-
poses to accomplish his object; and I hope an
opportunity will be afforded to amend the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that my colleague will
allow me to say a word.- I will not occupy more
than one minute.
  Mr. ALLEY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the facilities of-
tlie post office rank among the highest priv-
ileges enjoyed by the people of this country.
There is nothing so important to the people
short of the protective power of the judiciary.
Now, as I understand, this bill proposes to give
to the States that are not in amicable relations
with this Government the privileges of the post
office, and to give them these privileges on
credit, an advantage which no other part of this
country enjoys. My opinion is that this priv-
ilege ought not to be given to those States, at
least until they have settled their political affairs
in a manner satisfactory to us.
Mr. ALLEY. My colleague will allow me
to correct him by saying that this bill does not
provide that any stamps shall be sold on credit.
The bill first offered in the Senate did allow
them to bo sold in that way. but 1 his does not.
' Mr. BANKS. I certainly obtained thatidea
from the reading of 1 he bill. This question, I
: submit, ought not to be decided upon a debate
! which has taken place elsewhere. It ought to
I be decided upon debate here, with the propo-
j sition in print before us, so that we can under-
i stand it. And let me say to my colleague that,
in my view, there is no question before this
Congress more important than the principle
involved in this bill.
Mr. ALLEY*. The gentleman from Iowa
says ho is opposed to the bi'l in its present
