2862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
osition of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill. ]
Mr. STEVENS. Then, if the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck]
should be sustained, the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] would
be out of the question.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In pursuance of the
agreement made in Committee of the Whole,
I offer the following amendment:
In section sixty-five strike out the words "Secre-
tary of the Treasury" where they first occur and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word "President;" after the
word " authorized," in the second line, insert the
words "by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate;" strike out "his" before "Department" and
insert in lieu thereof the words "the Treasury;" so
that the clause will read:
That the President is hereby authorized, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint
an officer in the Treasury Department who shall be
styled "Special Commissioner ot'the Revenue," whose
office shall terminate in four years fiom tlio passage
of this act.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the consent of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to have a vote by yeas and nays on two
amendments which were offered, but not agreed
to, in Committee ofthe Whole; one amendment
with reference to the drawback on cotton goods,
and the other relating to the tax 011 whisky.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot consent to that.
I now demand the previous question on the
bill and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
intend to occupy much time with any further
remarks upon this bill; and I shall ask a divis-
ion on those amendments only which I deem
of vital consequence; and even upon those 1 do
not propose to ask the yeas and nays if upon a
fair division there shall be a decided majority
one way or the other.
There are some points in reference to which
I think the House, upon a ''sober second
thought." will come to the conclusion not to
concur with the Committee ofthe Whole. One
of these was in relation to the right of gas
companies to charge over the amount of the
tax to consumers. They have this right under
the existing law. At the time the provision
in the present law was adopted, it was very
successfully defended by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations. I find,
by various letters which I have received from
different parts of the country, that the amend-
ment to the bill, if allowed to remain as re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole, will
be very oppressive upon many gas companies.
I will read what is said by the president of the
Gas Company at Covington, Kentucky :
"Our company has never been able at any time to
declare more than four per cent, dividends on the
capital actually invested in the construction of the
gas works. The pricc to be charged for gas is fixed
by legislative charter at three dollars per thousand
feet for private consumers and $1 50 per thousand feet
for public lamps. The cost of manufacturing gas tor
the year 1865 was $2 '20 per thousand feet, as shown
by the secretary's report for that year; so that the
stockholders derive but a very small profit, without
a direct tax being1 imposed on gas companies as pro-
posed by the action of Congress. They are indirectly
taxed fully as much as other manufacturers."
I have here also a communication from the
Pittsburg Gas Company, by whichit appeal's that
they are obliged by their charter to furnish gas
to private consumers at a price not exceeding
SI 00 per thousand feet; that they are com-
pelled to furnish to the city twelve million five
hundred thousand cubic feet free of charge, and
all over that quantity at seventy-live cents per
thousand feet; and that the revenue tax amounts
to fifty-six per cent, on the company's net re-
ceipts. I will say, also, in relation to this article,
that it is a manufacture; an4 I see no reason
why the parties should be restricted as to their
prices. 'The public can consume the gas or
not, as they please. I do not for myself see why
we should not leave these parties in precisely
the same condition in which they would be with-
out the tax being levied upon them.
The next question upon which I shall ask
a separata vote is the paragraph in relation
to miners; for I see no reason why those per-
sons engaged in a profitable branch of business
should be exempted from taxation, while par-
ties engaged in other branches of industry far
less profitable are taxed.
Another question is the one in relation to
reapers, threshing-machines, and mowers. Cer-
tainly it seems to me that if we are about to
exempt any agricultural implements it should
be those that are daily used by the common
laboring man, not those used by men of large
moans, owning land in large parcels, and with
sufficient capital to invest in expensive machin-
ery. I trust, therefore, that the House will
consent that the articles I have named shall be
subjected to a tax of three per cent., and not
be entirely exempt.
We have passed through the bill, and in our
progress have made amendments which reduce
the revenue in every direction. It may not
attract much attention here, but it will be sen-
sibly fell and known at the Treasury Depart-
ment at the end of another year.
There was a provision struck out on motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vexs] that journeymen cigar-makers should
make returns once a month of the cigars which
they manufactured. Unless that provision is
allowed to remain you will strike at a vital
part of the law. That return is the only abso-
lute cheek we have against fraud in the man-
ufacture of cigars. I trust when we reach that
portion of the bill the House will vote unan-
imously to retain it.
We now come, Mr. Speaker, to the subject
of tobacco. On that subject lam aware there
is a considerable sensitiveness in some por-
tions of the House in relation to the proper
tax on smoking-tobaeco and cigars. I desire
to say to the House the law as it has hereto-
fore stood has made too great a difference in
favor of smoking-tobaeco as against cigars,
yet the Committee of the Whole have gone
still further in the same direction and reduced
the rate upon smoking-tobaceo so that the dis-
parity will be largely increased. The tax is
now thirty-five cents per pound, and only ten
is proposed. 1 trust we shall not allow any-
thing of that kind to prevail. Leave the rate
at twenty cents per pound as proposed by the
Committee of the Whole and you will satisfy
the tr^jle and get some revenue—but not other-
wise.
I am satisfied gentlemen from all parts of
the country are suffering under a delusion as
to the point of the grief in this whole matter.
The real point of suffering iSk the insufficient
duty on the low-priced cigars imported, and
until we reach that there will be no remedy
for the growers of tobacco or the manufactur-
ers of tobacco or cigars.
Mr. SCHEXCK. Our people do not appre-
hend there is any advantage in paying ten dol-
lars a thousand on cheap cigars when only ten
dollars is paid 011 high-price cigars.
Mr. MORRILL. The argument or sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio is without any
real foundation, since by one of the amend-
ments to the existing laws reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means we have provided a
rate of two dollars a thousand only on all that
description of cigars which can be made out of
tobacco raised in that part of the country from
which the gentleman comes.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman whether
he deems it just that a cigar worth twenty dol-
lars a thousand should pay the same tax as a
cigar worth $100 a thousand.
Mr. MORRILL. It is just when the law
provides for it, and when it is, perhaps, the
only mode by which the tax can bo enforced.
But that is not the question here, however, at
all.
I will now read a resolution passed by these
cigar-makers since the action of the Commit-
tee of the Whole—men residing in places where
lovv-priee tobacco only is produced and man-
ufactured;
"Resolved, That the existinglaw does discriminate
largely against us, as will be seen by examining the
rates per pound of existing tax on each of theso arti-
cles named, namely: on one thousand cigars, or say
fifteen pounds, the tax is ten dollars; on fifteen
pounds of chewing-tobacco, at forty cents, the tax
is six dollars; wliilo on fifteen pounds of smoking-
tobaceo. at thirty-fivo cents, the tax is only $5 25,
and if the tax on smoking-tobaceo is further reduced,
as proposed, to only ten cents per pound, the tax on
fifteen pounds of the article will be only Si 50, and
is a palpable injustice to the interests of our trade."
I am fully persuaded, if the recommendation
of the Committee of the Whole shall be ap-
proved, we shall reduce the article of tobacco
in every form to but an insignificant figure in
the returns of revenue. I trust the amend-
ments made by the Committee of the Whole
will be rejected. I think the amendments of
the Committee of Ways and Means, with the
further amendments of the Committee of the
Whole, ought to satisfy all parties, and I trust
they will be assented to as just and proper on
all sides of the House.
I come next to the three hundred and ninety-
fifth amendment, to insert on page 124 " cord-
age and rigging." While cordage has some
claim to exemption, so far as it enters into
ship-building, if we allow the amendment to
pass, as it now stands, we do not know how
much would be included. It is too compre-
hensive and uncertain, and therefore I hope
will be voted down.
Mr. Speaker, we have now, after a very faith-
ful attention on the part of members, waded
through this long bill taxing us severely now,
but destined to somewhat relieve our people.
I trust within a few years we shall dismiss as
no longer necessary the most part of the pro-
visions of the present bill. I hope in the course
of two or three years at least we shall be able
to dispense with the tax 011 the major part of
manufactures. I congratulate the House on
the near approach to the end of a weary jour-
ney, and upon their leaving the bill in as ac-
ceptable a shape as it is now, or as it is fair to
suppose it will ultimately assume when it passes
this House.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
adoption ofthe amendments made in committee.
If there is 110 objection the vote will bo taken
on the amendments in gross except those upon
which a separate vote is desired.
The first amendment upon which a separate
vote was demanded by Sir. Morrill was to
strike out the following proviso on page 15:
Provided, That no appeal shall be allowed to any
party after he shall have been duly assessed, and the
annual list containing theassessmenthasbeen trans-
mitted to the collector of the district.
The amendment was not, agreed to.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Morrill v/aa to
strike out the following paragraph on page 65:
47. Miners shall pay ten dollars. Every person,
firm, or company, who shall employ others in the
business of mining for coal, or for gold, silver, cop-
per, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other minerals, not
having paid the tax therefor, as a manufacturer, and
no other,shall be regarded as a miner under this act:
Provided, That this shall not apply to any miner
whoso receipts as such shall not exceed, annually,
81.000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
_ Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, the House
did not understand the question.
Several Members. Too late.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The report of the com-
mittee was not confirmed by the vote of the
House.
The SPEAKER. It evidently was not by a
large majority. The gentleman can move to
reconsider.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to strike out
the section.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider 011 the table.
The question being taken on the latter ma-
tion, there were—ayes 59, noes 40.
Mr. BID WELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BID WELL. I demand tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. BID WELL. I demand tellers on the
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider.
