1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and have them nominated by the President and
confirmed.'by'the Senate.
Mr. LOAN. I-kno_w of no objection to that
amendment.
Mr; KASSON. Then, again, I suggest that
.th^second section should pro vide that the com-
missioner shall proceed, subject to regulations
to be approved by the Secretary of War, and
/that-the fifth section should provide that the
report of the commissioner shall be subject to
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Those guards thrown around, the bill would
certainly greatly improve it, and I should much
more willingly vote for it.
Mr.LOAN. The friends of the bill have
no objection to the amendments suggested by
the gentleman from Iowa excepting the one to
strike out those words in the tenth and eleventh
lines, and I thkik I can give-sufficient reasons
why they should be retained. The preceding
part of the sentence refers to troops callcd
out under authority of the Governor by the
department commander; but the exigencies of
the ease were occasionally such that Federal
officers called out troops without coining to the
Governor at all, there being 110 time to do it;
and such being the case we think the commis-
sioner ought to take such instances into con-
sideration.
Mr. KASSON. I will say to the gentleman
that this clause to which I have objected does
not imply that they should have been called out
by anybody. Any dozen men who may have
armed themselves and proceeded for a few
days to put down guerrillas would be in-
cluded.
Mr. LOAN. I have no objection to having
the clause so modified as to apply only to those
who were called out by Federal authority.
Mr. KASSON. All I desire is something
to make it definite, and to provide for the
troops who were engaged in any way in directly
suppressing the rebellion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Loan] have any ob-
jection to amending that clause by striking out
the word " or," and inserting the word "and?"
Mr. LOAN. If the gentleman will exam-
ine that clause lie will see that it provides for
the troops called out under the authority of the
Governor ; and we desire to have pay for those
that were called out by Federal authority with-
out consulting the Governor.
Mr. WEIGHT. I am loath to occupy the
attention of the committee in regard to this
bill; but there is a principle involved in it which
I think we oughtnot to overlook. We may have
committed one or two errors already; but by
examining into this case we may be prevented
from a continuance of injustice.
This is a special bill, as I understand it, to
reimburse the State of Missouri for forces that
were called out to protect that State during the
rebellion. T remember well that troops were
called out from the State of New Jersey to go
into the State of Pennsylvania; and they have
not yet been paid except in part. The State of
New Jersey expended, in order to sustain the
Government in its efforts to suppr&s the rebel-
lion, the sum of $20,000,000; and she fur-
nished fifty-three thousand three years' men.
She was at all times ready and willing to do
her duty. But instead of coming here and ask-
ing a special act to reimburse her, I find her
embraced within a general bill now upon our
tables, which provides that for the $20,000,000
which she has expended, and for all her sacii-
fitfes and payments, she shall receive the sum
of $4,000,000.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will say that if New
Jersey has expended her §26,000,000, the State
of Missouri has expended her proportion. She
asks nothing for the bounties she gave; nothing
for the expenses she incurred in raising her
regular quotas. In addition to the troops re-
ferred to in this bill she furnished eighty-three
thousand .three years' men. This is a claim
for troops furnished by Missouri at the call of
the United States, and fed and clothed by the
United States, so far as the War Department
had authority to go, but paid out of the State
treasury. These troops were in service in the
■field in addition to the eighty-three thousand
men.
Mr. WRIGHT. Did they serve beyond the
limits of the State of Missouri ?
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. Yes, sir;
some of them served under Federal command-
ers in the State of Arkansas for fifteen months,
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not desire to abate one
jot or tittle of the amount justly due to the
patriotism or services of the men of Missouri,
in suppressing the rebellion. I did not rise for
the purpose of making unjust or illiberal com-
parisons. I rose simply to try, if my feeble
voice could do it, to stay this description of
legislation, special and as I think unjust, and
to call attention to the general bill which is yet
to come up for consideration. When that bill
is under consideration, if any State has any
right to claim more than is there set down to
it, it can submit its claim to the judgment of
this House.
That Missouri happened to be infested with
guerrillas to a great extent, I will admit. And
1 will admit that it was necessary on the part
of the officers of ihe Federal Government to
ask the militia of that State to organize. .But
I repeat that the militia of the State of Now
Jersey did the samethiug, and went off in great
haste to the assistance of the State of Pennsyl-
vania. What 1 say is this: the State of New
Jersey has expended $20,000,000, for which,
according to the report of the select committee
011 the war debt of the loyal States, she is to
receive $4,000,000. In that same report Mis-
souri is allowed $4,000,000; and yet she is here
with a special bill asking for $7,000,000 more.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. It seems to
me it can hardly be in order to discuss a bill
that is not before the House for consideration.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 refer to it because I con-
sider it germane to the bill under considera-
tion. That bill provides that '' the said bonds
are accepted by said State in full payment of
all claims for expenses incurred or losses sus-
tained ill the war for the Union, either by the
State or by any municipal corporation within
the State."" Now, if we are to be "cabined,
cribbed, confined" within the limits of that
$4,000,000, why is Missouri to come in here
in advance, find by special legislation obtain
all that has been expended by her State or
municipal corporations? Wo are to be con-
trolled by the general law if itshould pass, and
are remediless in the premises if we do not
accept the terms proposed bythat general bill.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, we are not discussing, as I understand, a
supposititious case. The report to which the
gentleman from New Jersey refers is not law,
and I do not know that it will ever become
such. The gentleman imagines a case that is
not before the House, and taking that as a basis
ho argues against the present claim. I object
to such a method of proceeding. The State of
Missouri is claiming nothing for bounty, noth-
ing for expenses. We have spent several mil-
lion dollars for which we do not ask to be reim-
bursed. All those of our troops that were
called out by State authority have been paid
by the State; but these were troops called out
by the United States, and serving in its Army.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very happy to have
heard the remarks of my friend from Missouri;
but when he undertakes to define the class of
men for whose services the State of Missouri
has been obliged to pay, for which payment it
now asks reimbursement at the hands of the
Federal Government, I remind him of the
action of this House a short time ago, when
the Committee of Claims was, by resolution,
instructed not to consider claims for damages
to which loyal citizens of the insurrectionary
States have been subjected during the progress
of the war. If such claims are not to be paid,
then, pari rationc, this claim of the State of
Missouri should not be paid. 1 f this claim should
be referred to che Committee of Claims, the res-
olution of the House would estop that com-
mittee from taking any action in the premises.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I want to
know whether the gentleman considers Mis-
souri a disloyal Sl_ate. His remarks may apply
to the State of New J ersey; but they do not
apply'to Missouri.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman SUggSSfcSy
I understand, that Missouri is more loyal than
New Jersey. It is honorable to the gentleman
to make such a claim. It is noble that there
should exist between the States of Missouri
and New Jersey stick an honorable and patri-
otic rivalry. If the State of Missouri has fur-
nished more men and more money than the
State of New Jersey, it was because Missouri
had more men and more money than my own
State. But I cannot concede that the State of
Missouri is more patriotic than the State of
New Jersey.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from "Now Jersey whether he under-
stands that this bill is designed to reimburse
Missouri for any losses sustained during the
war. ^ The report of the Committee of Claims
to which he refers i-elatcd to the subject of the
payment, of losses incurred during the war.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not understand that
this bill is for the purpose of reimbursing Mis-
souri for losses sustained during the war; but
it is to indemnify a loyal State for expenses
incurred; and I believe lawyers understand
that expenses are sometimes considered ve.ry
damaging. It is to indemnify Missouri for the
expenses which she incurred in calling outlier
citizens in a loyal cause.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is not
correct. This bill is not, properly speaking,
to indemnify the State of Missouri: but it is
to reimburse the State of Missouri for money
that she has paid for the General Government.
It is precisely like the case of Pennsylvania
which was before the House the other day.
Mr. WRIGHT. Exactly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The claim of Pennsylva-
nia was passed upon here since the report to
which the gentleman has referred; yet the gen-
tleman did not make any objection to that bill.
Let me say to the gentleman that if the State
of New Jersey or any other State is similarly
situated; if the United States officers have
called the militia into the field, used them in
the service of the Government, and the State
has been obliged to pay those troops, I am
ready to support a bill to reimburse that State;
and 1 have 110 doubt that this House, desirous
as it is to do justice to all the people and to
every Stato, will pass such a bill without a
dissenting voice.
Mr. WRIGHT. How much money has Mis-
souri already leceived in this way from the
General Governmentduring the last Congress?
Mr. BENJAMIN. She did not receive a
single dollar that I am aware of.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am told that she received
$800,000.
But on the principle of the learned gentle-
man who just addressed us, Missouri is now to
be paid the expenses which she incurred 111
calling out these troops, and then, when we
come to the general bill to refund to the several
States wjiicli appropriated largo sums of money
to sustain and uphold the cause of the Federal
Government, Missouri is again to come in for a
share. She is to have the benefit of a double
division. It reminds me, sir, of the case of a
profligate man who went to a respectable
judge &nd said, " The laws of society are not
properly constructed." " What is the matter
with them?" said the judge. "Why you are
rich and I am poor, and I think we ought to
divide." "If I did divide with you," said the-
judge, "at the end of six months you will have-
spent all your money ; what will you do then?"
"Why, divide again, of course." [Great
laughter.]
And that is the case with tie State of Mis-
souri. She wants to get all she can now and
to have likewise her division under the general
law. I say this without disrespect to that noble
Commonwealth, whose gallant sons did their
full duty during the war.
New Jersey, although she expended soma-
