1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3823
And how could he do it more effectually than
to whip him around the face and the head and
ears and shoulders with a small rattan, stop-
ping occasionally to lecture him, and saying,
'■ Now, you damned puppy and poltroon, look
at yourself' The member from Iowa, after
receiving half a dozen blows, exclaimed,- "I
don't want to hurt you." To which the reply
was made, "I don't expect you to hurt me,
you damned scoundrel, but you tried to injure
me upon the floor of the House. And now
look at yourself; whipped here, whipped like
a dog, disgraced and degraded. Where are
your one hundred and twenty-seven thousand
constituents now?"
And for what was this assault committed? For
words spoken in debate upon the floor of this
House in open session ; proved so by the wit-
nesses ; admitted to be so by the member him-
self. We have here, then, this bold case of a
member of this House four days after he had
uttered the language in debate upon this floor,
being assailed with violence, and whipped,
whipped like a dog. in the eastern portico of
this Capitol, in the presence of ten, fifteen, or
twenty men, without a hand raised in his de-
fense. But, say gentlemen, this was provoked
by the language used by the member from
Iowa, derogatory to the character of the mem-
ber from Kentucky as a chivalrous officer of
our late Union Army. Mr. Speaker, whenever
any gentleman upon this floor shall see fit to
espouse the cause of Lovell H. Rousseau,
and to portray him here as a patriot, as a high-
minded gentleman, as a chivalrous soldier, as
an officer who in the hour of his country's dan-
ger did as much with his bright, blade as any
other man perhaps, more perhaps than any
other man from the old State of'Kentucky—I
say that whenever any member shall see fit to
do that. I will say "amen" to the eulogy, and
go him one better on it, in the language of the
West. [Laughter.] For my part, if"I have read
aright the history of the battles of Shiloh, of
Peiryville, of Murfreesboro", the white plume
of the gallant Ilenry of Navarre might well be
paled when compared with that of .Rousseau.
I doubt not his chivalry; I doubt not his
courage. No man in this country, no woman,
no child, has a right to disparage the fair mil-
itary fame of Loveix H. Rousseau. And sit-
ting in my seat as a member of this House, my
blood chilled in my veins when I listened to
an imputation to that effect. I cannot for a
moment countenance any such imputation ; I
will set the seal of my reprobation upon it
wherever I find it. But the more lofty the
character of Lovell II. Rousseau, the more of
a gentleman and a hero you make him out to
be, the more of a star you make him in the
bright galaxy of our heroes, the worse is the
example for all time to come for this House of
Representatives. For this hero, this patriot,
this high-minded gentleman has seen fit, not-
withstanding his four years of discipline in the
school of the Army, to break over the disci-
pline which is interposed by the Constitution
and by parliamentary law, to violate not merely
the privilege of a member of this House from
the State of Iowa, but one of the dearest and
most hallowed privileges of the people of oui 
whole country.
Unless we can have freedom of discussion
upon the floors of Congress, where are we?
It was said, in the discussion of that celebrated
case of Houston and Stanberry, by the old ora-
tor from Rhode Island, Tristam Burges, that
free discussion and liberty were contemporane-
ous fires; they would blaze and brighten, or
they would pale and be extinguished together.
And, sir, I believe in that as a truth. Liberty
among the people of our country depends
mainly upon the freedom of debate in this
Congress of the United States. How are we
to protect freedom and independence in debate
if we suffer the violation of tiiese high privi-
leges to be passed over with impunity? It may
be said. "You can disapprove of the conduct
of General Rousseau as you disapprove of the
conduct of the member from Iowa. You can
call lum to the bar of the House and repri-
mand him through the mouth of the Speaker."
That is true. All this is now within the power
of the House.
But, sir, in a case so well defined as the case
of Rousseau and Gkixxell, where there is no
possible room for doubt in regard to the intent
with which the assault was committed; where
it is avowed to have been committal for words
spoken in debate, and where it was committed,
not in the heat of debate, not when the pas-
sions were aroused and on fire, but after four
days of cool and deliberate consideration;
when with a fixed and fell determination to
override the Constitution and the privileges of
theHouse these ignominious blows are inflicted
upon the person of a member, we are called
upon to determine solemnly that we will con-
tent ourselves with nothing less than an ample
vindication of the dignity and the privileges of
this House.
The majority of the committee have, with
great reluctance, come to the conclusion that
they must recommend to the House the expul-
sion of the offending member as the only ad-
equate penalty for an offense committed" with
so much coolness and deliberation and under
such aggravated circumstances. I think, sir,
that if it were the last vote I should be called
upon to give in this House, I should do violence
to my conscience should I give a vote for any-
thing less than expulsion, knowing as I do
that the offense has been clearly and perfectly
proved, and knowing the consequences which
must follow should the House lightly pass over
such an infringement of its high privileges.
It may be said "the provocation was great."
We all admit it. But, sir, the majority and
the minority of the committee concur 'in the
position that the provocation presents 110 justi-
fication whatever. It never will do for mem-
bers to take into their own hands this admin-
istrative justice for offenses given to I'nem on
the floor of this House. 1 was asked awhile
ago by a member of this House, '' What would
you do if a Representative on this floor should
in the course of a speech utter words highly
derogatory to the character of' another mem-
ber, affecting that member, perhaps, in the
dearest family relations ?" I care not how high
you set the provocation; I say that no lan-
guage which may be uttered here can justify
a member in inflicting personal violence upon
another member. 'This House of Representa-
tives can " punish its members for disorderly
behavior." It has this power by the express
provision of the Constitution. It has full
power over all the words, all the actions of
every member of this body. It is competent
for this House to punish a member, even to
the extent of expulsion, for disorderly be-
havior, as well for words of this provoking
character spoken in debate, as for any other
conduct that is disorderly.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman permit
me lo ask him a single question?
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly. I always yield
to the gentleman from New Jersey.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this question: when one member of this
body assails another in language so gross as to
degrade the member assailed in his own esti-
mation and in that of his associates, how is
redress to be obtained from this House? How
shall the member whoso character is thus
aspersed be relieved from such aspersions ?
Mr. SPALDING. In reply to the gentleman
I say, that if I could find myself in a mood
which would enable me, after the history of
the gentleman from Kentucky in connection
with the Army, to charge him with cowardice
or anything like cowardice, I would deem my-
self worthy to be expelled from this House. I
trust the gentleman is satisfied with my answer.
Sir, with all due respect, I go further, and
I say that this House looks at all times to its
Presiding Officer to exercise a vigilant control
over its proceedings. It depends upon his
knowledge of parliamentary law, his experi-
ence, his discretion, his judicious use of that
potent hammer which he holds in his hand.
At the first, word uttered by any member in
disparagement of a fellow-member, that gavel
should sound its reproof, and the member
should be called to order. Of this I have no
manner of doubt; and I say it with all due
respect. I state this, although I know the
Speaker has stated it is not the practice of the
Chair to call to order when gentlemen have
the privilege of the House to make personal
explanations. I conceive it will be found to
he correct parliamentary law that members of
the House at all times are under the authority
of the Speaker, and that it is his bounden duty
to see that the utmost courtesy prevails among
members. If that be not the parliamentary
law, then we should take some action to make
it so.
It was with that view that the committee re-
ported the second resolution, which disapproves
of the language used by the member from Iowa,
and they submit to the action of the House
whether they will adopt it as their sentiment
of disapproval. Now, it may be called a res-
olution of censure, impliedly a resolution of
censure. It is merely a resolution that the
House disapproves the language used by the
member from Iowa at the time it is said this
provocation was given. I suppose the member
from Iowa thought himself entitled to use that
language because of the precedents set him
here at this and perhaps at the last Congress;
but in my view such conduct is reprehensible,
and the House owes it to itself, if not by the
Speaker, that the members of the House them-
selves shall call to order. I would exert the
power of the House as rigidly for the jjunish-
ment for the use of such language as for the
use of violence itself.
The third resolution recommends that three
individuals who were advisedly present, when
these blows were inflicted, should bo called to
the bai of the House to be dealt with as the
House may direct. Jn doing tin's the commit-
tee designed to establish a precedent which
might bo salutary hereafter. It is utterly im-
possible for us to close our eyes upon history.
We know what has taken place inside this Hall
and in the rooms adjacent to it in years gone
by antecedent to the great war of the rebellion.
Now, the question will arise in evciy thought-
ful mind, shall we return to such scenes of
barbarism as the House has seen here? Shall
this House again be turned into a beargarden
instead of a hall for deliberation? That is the
question we have now to answer to our constit-
uents by our votes. T confess, if it, were left
to myself, and no other persons were interested
in the issue, I would prefer that the case of
these gentlemen should be left open. My sym-
pathy runs out to them. I do not wish to see
either one of them brought to disgrace or rep-
rehension, but I am looking to the privileges
of the House and the liberty of this country.
I am looking to the independence of debate
and the freedom of discussion, and if we will
uphold it we must have the manhood to inflict
some of these penalties, not only to protect the
rights of our own members, but those who may
come hereafter.
I will nottiouble the House longer. I have
said all I wish to say. The legal question will
not be doubted. It has been decided by the
King's Bench and by the Supreme Court of
the United States. I refer to the ease in G
Wheaton. It has been decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States that the House of
Representatives of the United States has the
power to protect its own high privileges. It
has the power to declare for itself what shall
be considered a breach of its privileges, and to
inflict penalty in that regard, although there
may be no existing statute upon the subject.
It is incident to the power of legislation.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I wish to inquire whether
these three gentleman who are outsiders were
ever notified that their conduct was under in-
vestigation by the committee, and whether an
opportunity was afforded to them to present
witnesses to be examined in their defense.
Mr. SPALDING. I say to the gentieman,
no; they were not charged by the committee
with any offense. They were severally iut error-
