THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
the free list: " sails, tents, shades, awnings,
and bags made by sewing or pasting."
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes 38, noes 64.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BLAINE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered j and Messrs. Blaine
and Thayer were appointed.
Mr. PIKE. I understand that the objection
of the Committee of Ways and Means is to the
word urigging." I therefore ask that the
word "rigging" be stricken out by unanimous
consent.
Mr. THAYER. I object; I think there is
as much objection to placing cordage on, the
free list as there is to placing rigging on that
list.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes 61.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment upon which Mr. Mor-
rill had demanded a separate vote was the
following offered by Mr. Williams, in section
sixty-five to strike out the words 11 Secretary of
the Treasury," in the first sentence, and insert
the word "Presidentinsert the words "by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate" after the word "authorized;" and strike
out the word "his" and insert "the Treas-
ury;" so that the segjtence will read:
That the President is hereby authorized, by and
with the advice andeonsentof the Senate, to appoint
an officer in the Treasury Department who shall be
styled "Special Commissioner of the Revenue,"
whose office shall terminate in four years from the
passage of this net.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 68, noes 40.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. NIBLACK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 46, nays 73, not voting
64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Beaman, Rromwell, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Sidncj' Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Eckley, Egglestou, Farnsworth, Abner C. Harding,
Henderson, Higby. Holmes, Hotchkiss, Demas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Julian,
Keliey, "William Lawrence, Loan, Longycar, Mc-
Clurg, McKee, Mercur, Moorhead. Oxth, Paine, Per-
ham, Plants, Price, William H. Randall, Sawyer,
Schenck, Sloan, Stevens, Francis Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson. Van Aernam,Welker, Williams, James
F.Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—-46.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anoona, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Chanler, Conkling, Cullom,
Darling, Ihivis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano,Deminpr,Dix-
on, Dodge, Dumont, Eldridge, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry,
Garfield, Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Hogan, Hooper, Chester D. llubbard. Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, James-Humphrey, James M. Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Kerr. Ketcham, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, MeCullough,
McRuer, Morrill, Morris, Niblack, iSrieholson,0'jS"cili,
Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice. Ritter, Rollins, Ro*.<, Sco-
tield, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stilwell,
Taylor, Thayer,Trimble, Ward, Hcmy Jj. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Whalcy, Wood bridge, and
Wright—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashlev, James 31. Ashley, Barker, Benjamin, Bid- j
well, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwcll, Boyer, Bran- !
degee, Broomall, Bundy, Coffroth, Cuh-ei*, Defrees,
Denison, Donnelly, Driggs, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hayes Hill, Asahel
W.Hubbard, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelso,
Kuykendall, LafKn, Le Blond, Lynch. Mclndoc, Mil-
ler, Moulton, flyers, Newell, Noell, Pomeroy, Ray-
mond, John H.Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Shankim,
bmith, Starr, Strouse. Taber, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
" a,fSSr  Elihu B. Washburne, Wentworth, Windom,
and Winfield—64.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Daring the roll-call.
Mr. RAt>BX)RD said: My colleague, Mr,
is still detained from the House by
indisposition. If he were here he would vote
in the negative.
The next amendment was the following,
offered by Mr. Couji, on which he demanded
a separate vote to strike out of section sixty-
five the following:
The Secretary of the Treacury is hereby authorized
to appoint an oinecv in his Department who shall be ■
styled "Special Com mission ei of tile Revenue," whose j
ojhee shall terminate in four year.* from the pas-age
oHhis act. It shall be the duty of the Special Com- j
owsswner ofthoRevcnuo to inquire in 10 all thesources
01 national revenue and the best methods of collect- !
ing the revenue; the relations of foreign trade to
domestic industry; the mutual adjustment of the sys-
tems of taxation by customs and excise,with the view
of insuring the requisite revenue with the least dis-
turbance 01* inconvenience to the progress oi' indus-
try and the development of the resources of the coun-
try; and to inquire from time to time, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, into the
manner in which officers charged with the adminis-
tration and collection of the revenues perform their
duties. And the said Special Commissioner of the
Revenue shall from time to time report, through the
Secretary of the Treasury, to Congress, either m the
form of a bill or otherwise, such modifications of the
rates of taxation or of the methods of collecting the
revenues, and such other facts pertaining to the trade,
industry, commerce, or taxation of the country as he
may find, by actual observation of the operation of
the law, to be conducive to the public interest: and
in order to enable the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue to properly eonducthisinvestigations.heis
hereby empowered to examine the books, papers, and
accounts of any officer of the revenue, to administer
oaths, examine and summon witnesses, and take testi-
mony ; and each and every such person falsely swear-
ing or affirming shall be subject to the penalties and
disabilities prescribed by law for the punishment of
corrupt and willful perjury; and all officers of the
Government are hereby required to extend to the said
Commissioner all reasonable facilities for the collec-
tion of information pertin en t to the duties of his office.
And the said Special Commissioner shall be paid an
annual salary of $4,000 and the traveling expenses ne-
cessarily incurred while in the discharge or his duty;
and all letters and documents to and from the Special
Commissioner relating to the duties and business of
his office shall be transmitted by mail free of postage.
And,
So that the section, as amended, will read:
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted, That section
nineteen of an act entitled '4 An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes,' approved June 30,
1864," approved March 3, 1865. be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 38, noes 72.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays. .
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 75, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker. Beaman, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom,
Eckiey, Egarieston. Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Aaron Harding. Abner C. IXarding. Higby, Holmes,
Demas Hubbard, Julian, Keliey, William Lawrence,
Loan, Marshall, McClurg, McKee. Mercur. Orth,
Paine,Pcrham,Pike, Plants, Price, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall,William IT. Randall, Ritter, Ross. Sawyer,
Shellabarger,Sloan, Stevens, Taylor. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upson,Van Acrnam,Ward,Welker,Williams,
and J limes F. Wilson—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames Aneona. Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell,
Blaine, Reader W. Clarke, Conkling, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Doming, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Goodyear,
Grider, Hale, Hart. Henderson, Ilogan, Hooper. Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, JamcsR. Hubbell, Hulburd,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Latham. George V.
Lawrence, Longycar, Marston. Mai vin, McCulloucrh,
McRuer, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Niblaek. Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Patterson, Phelps, AlexanderII.Rice,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Seofield, Sitereavc?. Spalding,
Stilwell, Strouse, Thayer, Henry D. Washburn, Wil- i
liam B.Washburn, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson.Win- ;
dom.Woodbridge, and Wright—To. '
VAT VfYPTWi—dll«« £
Culver, Denison, Doonellv, Driggs, Finck, Glo^sbren-
ner, Grinnell, GriMvold, Harris, Hayes, Hill, Hofeh-
kiss, Jenckes, Johnson. Jones. Kasson, Kelso, Lafiin,
Le Blond,^Lynch, Mel'ndoe, Miller, Moulron, Myers,
Newell, Noell, Pomeroy, Raymond, Rogers, Rous-
seau, Sehenck, Shimklin, Smith, Starr. Tabor, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne.
"Wentworth, and Winfield—57.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was the following, on
which a separate vote had been demanded by
Mr. Allisox:
O11 page 14,'at the end of line one hundred and
twenty-two, insert the following:
When the assessor is required or compelled to
travel to make examinations as provided in this sec-
tion he shall be allowed mileage and his neucyaary
and proper traveling expenses. The eo^ts for the
attendance aud mileage ot witnesses shall be taxed
by the assessor and paid by the delinquent parties,
or otherwise by the collector of the district on certifi-
cate of the a<-e.;sor. at the rate usually allowed in
said district for witnesses in district courts of the
United States.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was the following, on
which a separate vote had been demanded by
Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts:
In section twenty-two, at the commencement of
line eleven, insert "and all bonded warehouses
and."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment was the following, on
which a separate vote had been demanded by
Mr. Pbice :
Amend the paragraph relating to the one hundred
and eighteenth section of the present law by adding
the following:
Provided further, That the list of incomes in the
offices of the assessor and collector shall be open to
the inspection*of the public; but neither the assessor
nor collector shall furnish such list or any portion
thereof for publication, nor permit the same to be
copied for publication.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 53, noes 40.
Mr. SLOAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 6G, not voting
62 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Banks, Baxter, Beaman,
Bergen, Bidwell.Buekland, Chanler, Read erW. Clarke,
Cook, Darling, Davis, Delano, Doming, Dodge, Eck-
iey, Egglcston, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Good-
year, Hale, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, Edwin X.
Hubbell, James Humphrey, Keliey, Kerr, Marston,
Marvin, MeCullough, McRuer, Mercur, Morris, Nih-
lack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Radioid, Samuel J.
Randall, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rue,
Ross, Sitgreaves. Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor. Thayer,
Trimble,Henry D. Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn,
Welker, Whaley, and Wright—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. A-dd^y,
Baker, Baldwin, Blaine, Bromwell, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb,Conkling, Dawes,Dawsen, Defrees. Dixon, Don-
nelly, Dumont.Farnsworth, Farquhar, Grider, Aar>n
Harding,AbnerC.Harding, Ilart.Henderson, Hi-; \,
Asahel \V. llubbard, Chester D. llubbard, John If.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell. Hulburd, James M.
Humphrey, Julian, Kuykendall, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longycar. Mar-
shall, McClurg, McKee, Moorhead, Morrill, Pa me,
Patterson, Pcrham, Phelps, Pike, Price, John H. Rice,
Hitter, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scoiield, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Acrnam, Buit Van Horn, Ward, JamesF. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allev, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Barker,Benjamin,Bmgham, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Bundv, Cotfroth,
Cullom, Culver, Denison, Driggs, Finch, GlosaOreu-
ner, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hayes, Hill, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson. Jones,
Ivasson, Kel.-:o, Ketcham, Lafiin, Le Blond, Lynelr,
-Ueindoe. Miller, Moulton, Myers, Newell. NoeU,
Plants. Pomeroy, Raj'inond, Rogers, Rous.-eau,
Shanklin, Smith, Starr, Tuber, Francis Thomas,
JohnL. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Wentworth, Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was disagreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was asked was the following, moved by
Mr. Faiixswortii ;
And he it further enacted, That all assessors, col-
lectors, and revenue agents provided for by this act,
or the several acts to which this act is amendatory,
shall be appointed by the President of the United
fotates, with the advice and consent of tho Senate;
and the advice and uor^cnt of the Senate shall be
giyen before any such ofiicer shall be removed from
office, unless -mi-h removal shall be for malfeasance
in office during the lccess of Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken f and it was dooixk-d
in the negative—yeas 57, nays f30, not voting
00; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baxter, Beamni;,
Bromwell, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke. Co1.'-,
Conkling, Cook, Donnelly, Eggleston, FarnM7->i ij,
Garfield, AbnerC. Harding,IIurr,Henderson. j,
Hotchkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard. Deuias ilubbatd.
John H. llubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Julian, Kel-
iey, William Lawrenec,Loiin, Loncr.voar, Lyn<-h. M< -
Ciurg,McKee, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill. O'Ns
and W>odbndge—07.
NAYS— Me-sr-. Aiu-onn, fh-los R. A-diloj , Bah>r.
^.iiiks, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine. Bwkinnd. Chunlt-r,
C13Horn,Darling. 1 >avis,Dawes.Daw,<m, i)o{roe-'.Del-
ano, Dixon, Dodge. Dammit, 1-Vkley,Kidndyi-.Eliot,
rarguhar, Goodyear, Grider, llaio, Anion Harding,
