186t>.
mi CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 518) for the relief
of the owners Of the bark Maria Henry, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 267)
authorizing the establishment of a navy-yard and
a cual and naval depot at the harbor of Annapo-
lis, asked to be discharged from its farther con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the select committee
ou coinage, weights, and measures, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint reso-
lutions, reported them severally withoutamend-
mcnt:
A bill (H. R. No. 596) to authorize the use
of the metric system of weights and measures;
A bill (H. R. No. 597) to "authorize the use
in post offices of weights of the denomination
of grammes;
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 140) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish to each
State one set of the standard weights and meas-
ures of the metric system; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 141) to au-
thorize the President to appoint a specal com-
missioner to facilitate the adoption of a uniform
coinage between the United States and foreign
countries.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Wash-
ington Crosland, praying for compensation for
damages done to his property in the city of St.
Louis, Missouri, by the United States in build-
ing a railroad across it, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 431) for the relief
of Washington Crosland. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
E. J. Curley, praying for compensation for corn
furnished to the United States troops in Ken-
tucky, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 433) for the relief of E. J. Curley.
The bill was read'and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. Amelia Feaster, praying for compensa-
tion for services rendered and supplies fur-
nished to our soldiers while prisoners of war,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 434) for the relief of Mrs. Amelia Feaster,
of Columbia, South Carolina. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a communication of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, of the 19th of March last,
the report of Rear Admiral Charles H. Davis,
Superintendent of the Naval Observatory, in
relation to the various proposed lines for inter-
oceanic canals andrailroads between the waters
of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, have directed
me to report it back^ with a recommendation
that it be printed, without the maps, for the
use of the Senate, and that five thousand extra
copies, with the maps, he also ordered to be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion for printing the extra number of* copies
will be sent to the Committee on Printing under
the rules.
RECOMMITTAL O!1 A BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That the bill (II. E. No. 365) granting the
ri?ht of way to ditch and canal owners over the pub-
lic lands in the States of California, Oregon and
Nevada: be recommitted to the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 430) to regulate the civil service ot
the United States, and promote the efficiency
thereof; which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. _
Mr. BUCKALEW asked, and by unam-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 240.
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 432) for the relief of C. F. John-
son, of Alabama; which was read twice by its
title and ordered to lie on the table, as the
Committee on Claims had previously reported
on the subject.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr.iSUMNER submitted the follo.wing res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate:
Resolved, That the clerkships of the standing com-
mittees of the Senate be made permanont, at the
same rate of compensation as is paid tho permanent
clerks of the standing committees of the Senate, com-
mencing March 4,1865; and that part of the <1 uty of
the clerks of the standing eoramitteesof the Senate
shall be to direct and send off all documents pub-
lished for distribution by order of the Senate.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. CLARK submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Senate will at halfpast four, on
Tuesday, the 17th instant, take a recess until seven
o'clock p. m„ the same day, for tho purpose of con-
sidering bills and reports of the Committee on Claims,
and no other business shall then be in order.
MESSAGE I'ROJl THE HOUSE.
A. message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPiiekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (S. No. 236) to authorize the construc-
tion of certain bridges, and to establish them
as post roads, with amendments, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
Tho -message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 775) to establish certain post roads,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGJTED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills ; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore •
A bill (S. No. 114) for the relief of A. T.
Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard ;
A bill (S. No. 369) to establish certain post
roads;
A bill (H. R. No. 702) granting pension to
Mrs. Charlotte B. Reed ;
A bill (H. R. No. 739) for the relief of Sa-
mantha Rader;
A bill (H. R. No. 741) granting a pension
to Jonathan W. Beach; and
A bill (S. No. 742) for the relief of the
minor children of Salvador Accardi, deceased.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a resolution of
the correction of its message to the Senate for
the 11th instant, announcing its action upon
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 261) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes, in respect to the sixth
amendment of the Senate to the said bill,
which was agreed to by the House with an
amendment.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC DILL.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a reso-
lution for the correction of a message from the
House. The House have passed an order on
the subject, and it should be acted upon at
once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mes-
sage from the House will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
In the House of Representatives,
July 14, 18bb.
Ordered, That tlic Clerk be directed to correct and
supply an omission in the message announcing the
lotion of the House onthe Senate amendments to tie
bill (H? R. No. 261) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment &o., on tho 11th instant, as follows:
Instead of concurring in the sixth amendment of
the Senate the House concurred m said amendment
with an amendment, as follows: < , /illf
After "Smyrna" add Spezzia, and stuke out
"Spezzia" in schedule C consulates-being a trans-
fer of " Spezzia" from schedule C to schedule B con-
sulates.
Mr. SUMNER. I now offer the following
resolution agreeing to the correction made by
the House:
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the correction
of the message of tho House of Representatives in
respect to its action upon the amendments of the
Senate to the bill(H. R. No. 261) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 39,1867, and
for other purposes, as requested by tho House.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 343) to quiet land
titles in California, submitted a report that the
Senate agree to the first proviso of the tenth
amendment of the House, in these words:
" Provided, however, that from decrees of
the district courts as aforesaid made after July
1, 1865, and prior to the passage of this act,
an appeal may be taken to the United States
circuit court of the State of California within
one year from the approval of this act;" and
that the House recede from the second proviso
of that amendment.
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 775) to establish cer-
tain post roads was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
HENRY S. DAVIS.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to submit the views
of the minority of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, in opposition to the
bill (S. No. 427) for the relief of Henry S.
Davis. A majority report was submitted on
Saturday, and notice was given at the time that
the views of the minority would be submitted
to-day. I move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT YOKOHAMA.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 408, making
an appropriation for tho erection of a marine
hospital at Yokohama, in Japan, and for other
purposes. It is a short matter that will not
excite any opposition.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 desire to call up for con-
sideration the resolution that I submitted on Sat-
urday, authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to audit and settle the accounts of Caleb
T. Pay and William Y. Patch, late assessor and
collector of internal revenue at San Francisco.
I believe it is in the form of a concurrent reso-
lution, and I ask the Secretary to change it so
as to make it a joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 408. .
Mr. CONNESS. Is it not first m order to
call up this resolution which was laid over by
an objection on Saturday? _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks there is no priority of resolutions over
other subjects where a motion is made in regard
to a bill; it stands on the same ground as a.
motion in regard to a resolution. _ It is in the
power of tho Senate of course to give a prefer-
ence, when they see proper by their vote, to one
subject over another. The question now is on
the motion of the Senator from Vermont to take
up the bill (S. No. 408) making an appropria-
tion for the erection of a marine hospital at
Yokohama, in Japan, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to appro-
priate $10,000 for the purpose of constructing
a marine hospital for the use of the United
States, and to furnish the same with jjroper
furniture, instruments, and medicine, at Yoko-
hama, in Japan. This sum of money, or SO'
much thereof as shall be necessary for the pur-
