1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2865
Hogan, Hooper, Chester D. Huftbard, Edwin IN. Hub-
bell, James R. Ilubbell. James Humphrey, James M.
Humphrey, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Latham,
GeorgcV. Lawrence, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Mc-
Cullough, Melluer, Niblack, Nicholson, Patterson,
Phelps, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander
II. Rice, Ritter, Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding* Stilwell,
Sfrouse. Taylor, Thayer, Trimble. Burt Yan Horn,
Henry D.Washburn, William B. Washburn, Whaley,
and Wrisht—66.
N OT Y otijs (5—Messrs, Alley, Anderson, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin,Barker, Benjamin, Bingham, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, 23undy, Oof-
froth, Culver, Doming. Demson, Driggs, Ferry, Finck,
Glossbrenner. Grinneil, Gri&wold, Harris, Hayes, Hig-
by,Hill, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Laf-
lin, Le Blond, Mclndoe, Miller, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Noel!, Plants, Pomeroy, Raymond,
Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau, Shanklin, Smith, Starr,
Taber, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas. Thornton,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. "Washburne,
Wentworth, Stephen F.Wilson, and Winfield—60.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The remaining amendments of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were then concurred in en masse.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded llie^ yeas and
nays.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
thirteen ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldridge
and g-arfield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-five.
So (more than one fifth of those present hav-
ing voted in the affirmative) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 11, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Baker.
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beainan, Bidweil, Blaine,
Bromwell, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Da-
vis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano. Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Goodyear, Hale, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Henderson, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James.R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Kuykendall,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan,Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg,
McCullough, McKee, McRuer, Mcrcur, Moorbead,
Momll. Morris, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Phelps,Pike, Price, Radford, Samuel
J.Randall, WilliamII. Randall, Alexander H. llice,
John H. Riee, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck", Seofield,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding. Stevens, Stilwell,
Strouse, Taylor, Thayer, Trowbridge. Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welkor. Williams, James F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Bergen, Chanler, Eldridge, Gri-
dcr, Aaron Harding, Marshall, Niblack, Ritter, Ross,
Trimble, and Wright—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, J arnes M. Ashley, Barker, Benj amin, Bing-
ham, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall,
Bundy, Coffroth, Culver, Deming, Denison, Driggs,
Eliot Finck, Glossbrenner, Grinneil, Griswold, Har-
ris, Hayes,Rigby, Hill, JamesM. Humphrey, Jenekes,
Johnson, Jones,Kasson.Kelso, Kerr,Lallin. Le Blond,
Mclndoe, Miller, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Noell.
Plants, Pomeroy,Raymond,Rogers,Rousseau,Shank-
lin, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Taber,FraneisTliomns, John
L. Thomas/Thornton, RobertT. Van Horn, Warner,
Elihu 13. Washburne, Wentworth, Whaley, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Winfield—62.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. G-ARFIELD. I move to amend the
title by inserting after the word ''bill'' the
words "to reduce internal taxation and;" so
tkat it will read:
A bill to reduce internal taxation and to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes," approved June 30,
186-4, and acts amendatory thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOP-RILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed and the title
amended; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post road in delaware.
Mr. NICHOLSON, by unanimous consent,
39th Cong-. 1st Sess.—No. 180.
introduced a bill to establish a post road in the
State of Delaware; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
ma job- brewster.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the House
the petition and accompanying papers of Ma-
jor Brewster, asking for relief.
abelard gutiikie.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the papers
in the case of Abelard Guthrie were withdrawn
from the files of the House and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
tax bill again.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desired to present
some remarks before the passage of the tax
bill. I ask leave to print them.
No objection being made, leave was accord-
ingly granted.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix. ]
disbursing and accounting officers.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill concerning the powers
and duties of disbursing and accounting officers
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
mary c. hamilton.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. An
adverse report was made by mistake on Senate
bill No. 56, granting a pension to Mary C.
Hamilton. I ask unanimous consent to have
it recommitted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
circuit court of the district.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask unanimous
consent to report back, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, Senate bill No. 184, to define
more clearly the jurisdiction and powers of the
circuit court of the District of Columbia.
No objection was made.
Mr. THAYER. I move that J-he House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule a.nd referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Wiley Jones, a
colored citizen of Winton, North Carolina, asking
compensation for a horse, ox, bull, hogs, chickens,
and turkeys, carried off by the Union Army during
the war.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of J. W. Osgood,
and B0 others, mechanics and working men, in ap-
proval of a former Administration of the Government
reducing the hours of labor, and asking the passage
of a law fixing a day's work at eight hours.
By Mr. BLAINE: The petition of temporary clerks
employed in the office of the Quartermaster General,
asking an appropriation to make their salaries equal
to those of clerks of the first class.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of 54 wool-growers
of Columbiana county, Ohio, asking an additional
duty on wool.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: A memorial from
the'Hannibal and St. Joseph, Toledo and Wabash,
and the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy Railroad
Companies relative to bridges across the Mississippi
river.
By Mr. HTJLBTJRD: Four petitions of sundry citi-
zens of Rensselaer county, New York, asking an
increase of duty on imported flax.
By Mr. J. HUMPHREY: The petition of Captain
James E. Palmer, jr., for indemnity for property
lost in the war.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of Captains Reamer
and King, owners of tlie steamer Jennie Hubbs. for
permission to change the nome thereof.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: A petition of citizens of
Lebaaion and Magnolia, Delaware, for the establish-
ment of a certain post office and post road.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of letter carriers
of Baltimore, tor increase of compensation.
By Mr. RADFORD: The petition of Captain E.
^ByMnSCHENCK: The memorial of William A.
Howard, late lieutenant colonel marine artillery and
colonel thirteenth New York heavy artillery, pray-
ing for allowance of arrears of pay stopped on ac-
count of informal muster.
Also, the petition of colored soldiers of Tennessee,
for same bounties as were paid to white troops.
Bv Mr. WELKER: The petition of William P.
Ford, and 22 others, pensioners of Medina, Ohio, ask-
ing for an increase in their pensions.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 29, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President,' no
man of my age has suffered more than I have
from newspaper assaults and from reporters
from this city. Prom 1855 till now I have been
the subject of constant assault from the Dem-
ocratic papers throughout the country from
one extreme to the other. For the last month
I have been the subject of assault from the
papers of my own party; and in their assaults
they have out-Heroded Herod ; they have gone
beyond their illustrious predecessors. On Sab-
bath morning my attention was called to an
imputation, conveyed by innuendo and indi-
rection, in the Boston Commonwealth, purport-
ing to come from some writer in this city. I
immediately telegraphed to the editor of that
paper for the name of the author, and yester-
day wrote to him on the same subject. As yet I
have not learned the name of the author. When
I obtain his name I may again trouble the Sen-
ate, and will adopt such a course" as, in my
judgment, the dignity of the Senate, the fair
fame of my State, and my own self-respect
demand. For the present, I content myself
by saying to my fellow-Senators and to the
country that the imputation contained in that
paper is without the slightest foundation ; it is
a baseless calumny.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of J.
Thorn Smith, of Washington, in which he asks
Congress to present to the States for their ap-
proval amendments to the Constitution- of the
United States, namely, paragraph first, section
two, article one, after the word '• Legislature,"
insert, "provided, that no citizen of the United
States shall be disqualified as such elector on
account of race or color;" secondly, paragraph
one, section four, article four, after the word
"Government," insert "to every inhabitant
thereof between the ages of five and twenty-
one years, the privilege of a free, common Eng-
lish education;" and third, s'o to amend article
twelve of the amendments to the Constitution
as to elect the President and Vice President by
a direct vote of the people without distinction
of race or color. As this subject is now pend-
ing before the Senate, T mqve that the petition
lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
Edward Jenkins, of Hagerstown. Maryland, in
which he sets forth 'that he was a soldier in the
Army of the Union, having volunteered in Au-
gust, 1803, and served in the Army until he
was wounded and discharged for disability;
that the Government, gave all the soldiers in
his regiment $100 bounty, but they withheld it
from him because he was at one time a slave,
and he asks for a remedy on account of the
withholding of that bounty. I ask the refer-
ence of this' petition to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Mary E. Walker, M. D., praying lor compen-
sation for services rendered by her to the Gov-
ernment during the late rebellion ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of mem-
bers of the engineer corps of the Navy of the
United States, praying that all engineer offi-
cers now ranking or who may hereafter rank
with commissioned officers of the line, may be
commissioned, and that first assistant engi-
neers may rank with lieutenants and second
assistant engineers with masters; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. J OHNSON. I present a memorial from
F. P. Saias, who represents himself to be a
j subject of Spain, in which he states that many
] years ago, upon a shipment consigned to him
