1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfiOR®.
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution authorizing the Presi-
dent to divert certain Funds heretofore ap-
propriated, and cause the same to be used
for immediate Subsistence and Clothing,
&c., for destitute Indians and Indian Tribes.
Resolved hi/ the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United Stales be and he hereby is authorized
to cause to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, for the imme-
diate subsistence and clothing of destitute In-
dians and Indian tribes within the southern
superintendeney, and for agricultural imple-
ments and seeds for the same, a sum not ex-
ceeding five hundred thousand dollars of the
unexpended balance in the Treasury of appro-
priations heretofore made '' to enable the Pres-
ident of the United States to carry into effect
the act of third of March, eighteen hundred
and nineteen, and any other acts now in force
for the suppression of the slave tradePro-
vided, That the accounts of such expenditure
shall be laid before Congress during its present
session: And provided also, That all articles
to be furnished to said destitute Indians and
Indian tribes shall be delivered to them on or
before the first day of July next.
Approved, December 21, 1805.
No. 2.—A Resolution for increasing the Bond
of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
Whereas the amount of money which can
be advanced to the Superintendent of Public
Printing under existing law is not sufficient to
enable him to meet tha current expenditures
of his office: Therefore,
He-Solved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said Superintend-
ent be requested to furnish a new bond, in the
penal sum of eighty thousand dollars.
Appuoved, January 12, 1806.
No. 3.—Joint Resolution in Relation to the
Industrial Exposition at Paris, France.
Whereas the United States have been invited
by the Government of France to take part in
a universal exposition of the productions of
agriculture, manufactures, and the fine arts, to
be held in Paris. France, in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That said invitation is
accepted.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
proceedings heretofore adopted by the Secre-
tary of State in relation to the said exposition,
n« set forth in his report and accompanying
documents concerning that subject, transmit-
ted to both Houses of Congress with the Presi-
dents message of the eleventh instant, are
approved.
Skc. And be it further resolved, Tbatthe
general agent for the said exposition at New
York he authorized to employ such clerks as
may be neeessarv to enable him to fulfill the
requirements) of the regulations of the impe-
rial commission, not to exceed four in number,
one of whom shall receive compensation at the
rate of eighteen hundred dollars per annum,
one at .sixteen hundred dollars, and two at
fourteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of Suite be, and is hereby, author-
i/.ed and requested to prescribe such general
regulations concerning the conduct of the busi-
ness relating to the part to be taken by the
Lniteil .States in the exposition as may be
proper.
Ai'i-Kin i.n, Jnnuary IS, 1866.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution granting certainjpub-
lic Property to the Soldiers' Orphans' Home
of Iowa.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the buildings, sheds,
furniture, and other property, now at camp
Kinsman, near Davenport, Scott county, Iowa,
be, and the same are hereby, donated to the
Soldiers' Orphans' Home of Iowa.
Approved, January 22, 1866.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to grant the Use of a Portion
of Military Reserve on St. Clair River, in
the State of Michigan, for Railroad Pur-
poses.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to grant to
Guerdon 0. Williams, of the city of Detroit,
in the State of Michigan, and his associates,
the use of so much of the military reserve on
the St. Clair river, in the State of Michigan,
known as the site of Fort Gratiot, as is neces-
sary for extending a horse railroad from Port
Huron city to the depot of the Port Huron and
Detroit railroad, at such rental and upon such
terms and conditions as to him may seem
proper, reserving to the United States, how-
ever, the right of removing the rails, ties, and
other parts of said road whenever the Secre-
tary of War shall direct, without any claim or
right for damages on the part of the said Wil-
liams and associates, or their legal representa-
tives.
Approved, January 31, 1866.
No. 6.—A Resolution directing the Distribu-
tion of the Writings of James Madison.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Joint Committee
on the Library be, and they are hereby, directed
to distribute, by mail or otherwise, the five
hundred copies of the-Writings of James Mad-
ison, published by authority of Congress un-
der direction of said committee, in the man-
ner following, to wit: to the President of the
United States, one copy; to the libraries of
the different Departments, of the Postmaster
General and Attorney General, one copy each:
to each member of the present Senate and
House of Representatives, one copy; to the
Library of Congress, ten copies ; to the libra-
ries of the several States ana Territories of the
Union, one copy each; to such public and col-
lege libraries as may be designated by the
present Joint Committee on the Library, one
hundred copies ; the residue to be retained in
the Department of the Interior for future dis-
tribution.
Approved, February 7,1866.
No. 7.—A Resolution extending the Time for
the Completion of the Burlington and Mis-
souri River Railroad.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That in case the Burling-
ton and Missouri River Railroad Company shall
complete the section of twenty miles from the
present terminus of its road by the first day of
December, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and the certificate of the Governor
shall be filed with the Secretary of the Interior,
of such completion, then the said company
shall be entitled to its lauds, due by reason of
the completion of said section of twenty miles,
as provided in section eight of the act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act mak-
ing a grant of land to the State of Iowa, m
alfernate sections, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State," and its
rights shall be in all respects the same as if the
same section ghould have "been'completed on
the first day of July next.
Approved, February 10, 1860.
No. 8.—A Resolution tendering the Thanks
of Congress to Vice Admiral David G. Far-
ragat, and to the Officers, petty Officers, Sea-
men, and Marines under his Command, for
their Gallantry and good Conduct in the Ac-
tion in Mobile Bay, on the 5th August, 1864.
Resolved by the Senate-arid House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the thanks of Con-
gress are eminently due and are hereby tend-
ered to Vice Admiral David G. Fttrragut, of
the United States Navy, and to the officers,
petty officers, seamen, and marines under his
command, for the unsurpassed gallantry and
skill exhibited by them in the engagement in
Mobile bay, on the fifth day of August, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, and for their long and
faithful services and unwavering-devotion to the
cause of the country in the midst of the great-
est difficulties and dangers.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
President of the United States be requested to
communicate this resolution to Vice Admiral
Farragut, and that the Secretary of the Navy
be requested to communicate the same to the
officers, seamen, and marines of the Navy by
general order of his Department.
Approved, February 10, 1866.
No. 9.—A Resolution for the Payment of Ex-
peases incurred by the Joint Committee to
inquire into the Condition of the States which
formed the so-called.Confederate States of
America.
Resolved by the Senate and Home, of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of ten thou-
sand dollars, or so much thereof as maj be
necessary, be, and the same is hereby Appro-
priated to pay the expenses of the joint com-
mittee of Congress appointed to inquire into
the condition of the States which formed the
so-called confederate States of America; and
that the said sum shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury upon the order of the Secretary of the
Senate, as the same shall be required from time
to time by the committee having such investi-
gation in charge; and any portion of the sum
hereby appropriated that shall be allowed by
the said joint committee to witnesses attending
before it, or to persons employed in its service,
for per diem, traveling, or other necessary ex-
penses, and paid by the Secretary of the Sen-
ate in pursuance of the order of the said joint
committee, shall be accordingly credited and
allowed by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department.
Approved, February 10,1866.
No. 10.—Joint Resolution to encourage and
facilitate Telegraphic Communication be-
tween the Western and Eastern Continents.
Whereas by an act entitled "An act to en-
courage and facilitate telegraphic communica-
tion between the eastern and "western conti-
nents" approved July first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, it was provided, among other
things, that the Secretary of the Navy be au-
thorized to detail a vessel to assist in surveys
and soundings, laying down submarine cable,
1 transporting materials connected therewith,
! and generally afford such assistance as might
| be deemed best calculated to secure a success-
I fui promotion of the enterprise; and whereas
| the Emperor of Russia, for the purpose of eo-
! operating with the Government of the united .
! States, under the act aforesaid, has ordered
; a steam corvette, the " Variag,'" of two thou-
| sand one hundred and fifty-six tons burthen,
; seventeen guns, three hundred and six tneaj to
' assist in the achievement of said telegraph, and
