842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
this House to make of the case before it. The
court decided a case arising under the State
constitution in regard to an officer created by
that constitution, whose duties were all imposed
by and whose responsibilities were to that'
constitution, and the majority of the court de-
cided the case according to^ their views of the
requirements of that constitution. I ask this
House to decide a ease arising under the Con-
stitution of the United States in regard to an
office created by that Constitution, whose duties
and responsibilities are all imposed by that
Constitution; and it seems to me that it can
be decided only in view of the requirements
of that Constitution; and it was under one^ of
those express requirements that the law which
alone gives rise to controversy in this case was
enacted.
Mr. Speaker, I have also attempted to show
that there is really no collision between these
two constitutions. Each has acted in its own
sphere, and has made such requirements upon
the Legislature as the judgment of those who-
formed them pronounced necessary for the
safety of the State.
But, sir, if there is a collision between these
two constitutions, can it be questioned for a
moment which is to give way ? The Constitu-
tion of the United States is declared by itself
to be "the supreme law of the land, anything
in State constitutions or laws to the contrary"
notwithstanding.'' Why were these men not
at home to vote at the places where the major-
ity of the court decided they must cast their
vote for State officers? Simply because Mr.
Jefferson Davis and his accomplices, after pro-
claiming for years that State constitutions aijd
State laws were superior to the Constitution of
the United States, had finally taken up arms to
maintain that heresy, and thus overthrow the
Government of the United States. And you
and I, Mr. Speaker, and many others who now
surround me, voted here for the passage of a
law under which these men might be called
out—conscripted, if need be—to maintain the
integrity and supremacy of that Government.
We can justify the passage of that law in no
other way but upon the ground that that Gov-
ernment. is supremo and had a right to main-
tain its integrity. Under that call these men
went forth, voluntary conscripts, to do battle
for that great principle ; and for four long years
this question has been argued by the booming
of cannon, the rattle of musketry, and the fierce
bayonet charge upon the battle-field ; and, sir,
it has been decided. I shall not disparage that
great argument by attempting, with any feeble
logic of mine, to reargue here a question which
has been thus decided there.
But I may appeal to this House, in the name
of the thousands and tens of thousands of wid-
ows, to whom it is some consolation to believe
that their husbands and protectors laid down
their lives in a holy and justifiable cause while
battling to maintain the integrity of their Gov-
ernment and the protection of that flag over
those whom they loved more than life, not to
take away that consolation by now declaring
that after all these brave men were battling to
maintain afalsehood, that the Government which
they died to maintain is not a Government; in
the name of the tens and hundreds of thousands
of orphans scattered all over this broad land,
whom we have taught to believe that the proud-
est memento in all their future lives will be
_ the thought, "My father died at Gettysburg
or Antietam or Vicksburg or in the Wilderness,
to maintain the supremacy of that flag which
I so much the more love," not to blot out that
bright memento and cast disgrace upon the
honored dead. And finally, in the name of
the two million brave men whose living bodies
for four long years formed the ramparts which
protected our homes from the desolation of war,
not to take away from them their only justifica-
tion by declaring here that, after all, State con-
stitutions are superior to the Constitution of
the United States—the very heresy which they
were exposing and sacrificing their lives to over-
throw. I do not believe that such can be the
decision of this House. I will not believe it
till I am compelled by your vote to go out from
here to proclaim it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise now to call the
previous question, as I think this debate has
gone far enough.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] yield to me a
few minutes?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. .Rogers,] the
leader of the Opposition, for five minutes,
though I desire to retain the floor so that I
may call the previous question when the gen-
tleman gets through.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] can move the previous
question now, and if it shall be seconded and
the main question ordered, the gentleman will
then be entitled to one hour for the purpose of
closing the debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I will move the
previous question now, and yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] after
it shall have been seconded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey for ten minutes.
Mr. ROGERS. I thank the gentleman for
the courtesy which he has extended to me in
allowing me an opportunity to make a few re-
marks upon this question. But at the same
time I do not exactly like the insinuation he
has thrown out that I claim to be the leader of
this side of the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know the gentleman is
too modest to make the claim; I merely assigned
the position to him. If he likes it better I will
say "the misleader of the House."
Mr. ROGERS. I do not presume that there
is any leader on this side of the House, but each
man acts for himself. And even upon the other
side of the House I notice that the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
himself sometimes fails to lead; and it would
not be strange if members on this side of the
House should even disagree with me.
This question, Mr. Speaker, is one about
which I have never had any doubt before; but
after looking into the different reports presented
here, I must say that there is some question in
my mind about the true construction of the law
upon this subject. I have never heard it con-
tended that the organic law of the State had
not the right to control the qualifications of the
voters in the State, or the times, places, and
manner of holding elections. In my own State,
Senators of the United States are elected in joint
meeting of the two Houses of the Legislature as-
sembled together for that purpose, in accordance
with the requirements of the organic law of the
State. If the theory of the report of the major-
ity of the committee be true, then the Legisla-
ture might annul the action of the organic law
of the State of New Jersey in regard to electing
United States Senators for that State. They
might by a simple act of legislation, in contraven-
tion of the organic law of the State ot New Jer-
sey, decide that a Senator should not be elected
in the manner laid down by the organic law.
And it has always been understood ; it was
sounderstood in Pennsylvania- it was so under-
stood in New York: and it has been understood
by lawyers and attorney generals in all the
States where this question has come up about
soldiers voting in the field, that it required a
change in the organic law of the State before
soldiers could vote outside of the domain of
the State. I have never heard that understand-
ing questioned. It was so admitted in my own
State ; it was so admitted in the State of New
York; it was so admitted in the State of Penn-
sylvania. It, was so decided in the State of
Pennsylvania by the supreme court of that
State; and it has been clearly and expressly
so decided, I take it to be granted, by the su-
preme*court of the State of Michigan, which
has passed upon this point.
By the organic law of the State of Michigan
it appears that the rules laid down in that law
apply to elections of every character, us well of
Federal officers as of State officers, and when
the supreme court of Michigan passed upon this
subject by its decision, it took into considera-
tion the terms of the organic law, as they had
the organic law before them, and they there
decided that it prescribed the qualifications of
voters, and that a part of those qualifications
to entitle a person to vote was one which re-
quired him to have a residence in the township
or ward a certain number of days before the
election was held.
Now, I take it that when the Constitution of
the United States gave the Legislature of a State
the right to prescribe the times, places, and
manner of holding elections, those rights were
given subiect to the organic laws of the differ-
ent States, as they existed in the States at the
time the Constitution of the United States was
made. And every one of the States at the
time the Constitution of the United States was
formed had an organic law ; and the Legisla-
ture of the State was the creature of that or-
ganic law, made by it to carry into operation
certain powers within the limits of the grant
given by its creator. And when the Constitu-
tion of the United States was made, our fathers
had reference to the Legislatures as they ex-
isted in the States at that time, and they in-
tended to confine the operation of the Legis-
latures to the powers conferred upon them by
their creators—that is to say, the organic law
of the different States as they existed at the
time of the formation of the Constitution of the
United States. In my own State the constitu-
tion was made before the Constitution of the
United States was framed, and wo remained
under that constitution up to 1844. Then we
had a new State constitution, and it was the
first that we adopted after the adoption of the
Federal Constitution.
Now, it does appear tome that we must look
at the situation of affairs at the time when the
Constitution of the United States was made.^
The States then existing under the power of
their organic laws, had no power to enact any
law except such as was given to their Legislatures
by virtue of the organic law of the States, and
the people that confirmed and ordained the Con-
stitution of the United States did it with a view
to the situation of the Legislatures as they ex-
isted at that time, and intended to give them
no more power than they already had a right
to exercise under their own organic law. And
when they said that the Legislatures should pre-
scribe the times and places of holding elections
they meant that the State Legislatures were to
be controlled by the organic law of the State.
They did not mean by the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States to override that
organic law, and to allow the people of the
States, in opposition to the express provisions
of their own State constitutions, to regulate this
matter in a different way from that which the
organic law prescribed.
Therefore, if' this be a correct view of the
case, the only relation which ''time, place, and
manner" hold, is as to the time, place, and
manner in which the elections shall be held,
and it was never contemplated, intended, or
dreamed of, that persons should have the
right to vote at elections by proxy, or in any
other manner except by coming up to the
polls and voting in person, by ballot, each
man for himself, so that the qualifications of
the voter might he judged of, his demeanor
when he came lo offer his vote exhibited, and
if any suspicion should be created by his ac-
tions or appearance, it might be an inducement
for some one to challenge his right to vote.
Now, 1 presume it is not denied by the learned
gentleman who is to close this debate, that the
place of residence is a qualification of electors
as much as the provision that the voter shall
; be twenty-one years of age.
| The constitution of the State of Michigan
; lays down as a qualification that a man shall be
! twenty-one years of age before he can \ote. I
1 ask the gentleman whether the Legislature of
| Michigan, in contravention of that oiganic law,
can say that a person of tea yeais of age may
i vote for Representatives?
