2866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
from Havana, a general cargo, he paid the
duties then exacted to the amount of $2,924,
and that he was afterward called upon, after
the lapse of seven or eight years, to pay the
further sura of $02-4 24, and he asks to be
relieved from the payment of that sum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator state the petitioner to be a subject of
the kingdom of Spain ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule and practice of the Senate, a petition from
a foreigner cannot be received.
Mr. JOHNSON. The petitioner does state
that he is a subject of Spain, but he was told
by the Secretary of the Treasury that there
was no relief for him unless an actof Congress
should be passed. I suppose that although he
is a subject of Spain, as the duties exacted
•were exacted upon an importation under the
revenue laws of the United States, his memo-
rial praying for relief may properly be pre-
sented. If the rule is otherwise, I will send it
to the State Department and have it presented
in that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
believes the uniform practice of the Senate to
be as he has stated.
Mr. SUMNER. May I call the attention of
the Chair to a very important case that occurred,
now many years ago, on the presentation of a
petition from the authors of England in favor
of an international copyright?
Mr. JOHNSON. That was received.
Mr. SUMNER. It was presented by Mr.
Clay, and explained and maintained by him,
I think, in a speech of some length. It. was
signed by nearly all the authors of England,
and, according to my recollection, at the time
there was no objection to it on the ground that
they ware foreigners. I merely call attention
to it as a precedent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should suppose such a
petition could be presented as a matter of
course, unless there be some positive 'rule on
the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have the Journal of two years since read
in a moment. It has been sent for.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not ask that busi-
ness be delayed by this matter. It can be
passed over for the present, until other busi-
ness is acted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside for a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore subsequently
said: With the permission of the Senate the
Chair will read, in connection with the peti-
tion introduced by the Senator from Maryland,
from the Journal of Monday. January 20. 1863:
"Mr. Fosteb presented a letter signed by certain
British subjects, citizens and residents of England,
requesting the aid of the people and the Government
of the United State? for the purpose of facilitating
emigration to the United States, and moved that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
" Iho Vice President decided that the communi-
cation being signed by the subject* of a foreign Gov-
ernment, it was not in order to present it to the Sen-
ate.' '
Mr, JOHNSON. I am not sure whether that
would apply to the case which I propose to pre-
sent. This gentleman was the consignee, as
lie states in his memorial, of a cargo shipped
at Havana, for which he paid the duties, as
consignee, that were then exacted. After an
interval of some six or seven years the reve-
nue officers discovered, as they supposed, and
no doubt correctly, that they had not charged
him the amount ol the duties that the cargo
was liable for, and made him pay the difference
between what he had paid and what he ought to
have been charged with, 5024. He states that
he was the consignee of a mixed cargo, which is
now scattered. He has applied to the Treas-
ury Department, having paid the additional
duty, and the Secretary tells him that he can
grant him no relief without an actof Congress.
It is a claim, therefore, rather on the Treasury
than on the Government, lor the fund-
-money
which he says the Government has illegally
received. The Chair will, however, decide
whether it falls within the principle of that
decision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair, it does. It would cer-
tainly be the desire of the Chair to entertain
the largest liberty in regard to the reception
of petitions, both from natives and foreigners,
but the Chair feels bound by that decision.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was that before or after
the ease referred to by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It.is since,
three years ago. There are many other cases,
in the opinion of the Chair. The ^ice Presi-
dent, at that time, suggested that it was the
uniform practice, and that the rule had often
been enforced.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the consent of the
Senate to introduce a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Previous
to passing from this subject, the Chair would
certainly prefer that it should be decided by
the Senate, if there be any question about it.
The Chair is very desirous that no petition to
the body should be ruled out in consequence
of any opinion of his that is not perfectly well
established by former precedents. No motion
being made on the subject, the Chair will receive
the bill of the Senator from California.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state in connection
with the bill which I am about to present, in
order that it may be read a first and second
time and then laid upon the table and printed,
that it is a bill relating to the quieting of titles
to lands in California, a subject of great im-
portance to us and upon which there have been
several bills already presented. This one, I
wish to observe, has been prepared by the sur-
veyor general of California, and therefore I am
not prepared to indorse it, but I wish it intro-
duced and printed.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce the bill (S. No. 343) to quiet land
titles in California; which was read twice by
its title, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. By request, I ash
leave to introdueea bill without previous notice.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 344) donating public
lands to the several States which may provide
agricultural colleges for the education of per-
sons of African descent; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
346) to amend section seven of the naval ap-
propriation bill, approved March 3,184o; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPEHS WITIIDKAWX.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, it was
Ordered, That Mary K. Smith have leave to with-
draw her petition and other papers praying for a
pension from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered. That the petition and other papers in
relation to the claim of Philip Lrmsdale, surgeon
United State* Navy, be taken from the tiles of the
rienate and rcterred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr, RAMSEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom were referred the
petition and other papers of the heirs of John
Den man and George 'i'ownley. praying for com-
pensation for cattle furnished to the Amesican
Army dining the revolutionary war, submitted
an adverse report thereon, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration: which
w as agreed to.
ira is. cui'.tis.
Mr. DAVIS. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of citizens of Decatur, Illinois, pray-
ing that a pension he granted to Ira B. Curtis,
to report a bill for his relief. As this report
has been postponed to the present time, when
it should have been made before, I ask for the
present consideration of the bill, as the matter
is a very plain one.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 342)
for the benefit of Ira B. Curtis, was read three
times and passed. _ It is a direction to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place Ira B. Curtis on
the pension-roll as a surgeon wholly disabled in
the service, at the rate of seventeen dollars per
month, commencing February 28, 1806.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have been requested by
a citizen of the District to ask that the bill (H.
R. No. 601) to grade East Capitol street and
establish Lincoln square, which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, be taken from that committee and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, to which it properly belongs. The
chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds [Mr. Brown] is absent, and
I make the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE AT Wr\ONA.
Mr. NORTON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 263.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
263) to authorize the Winona and St. Peter's
Railroad Company to construct abridge across
the Mississippi river and to establish a post
route.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has been reported to the Senate, and the ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole. The Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Hexdersox] moved an
amendment to the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole to the second section
of the bill, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was after the word "act" in the twenty-first
line of the second section to strike out the fol-
lowing words: "may, at the option of the com-
pany building the same, be built as a draw-
bridge, with a pivot or other form of draw, or
with unbroken or continuous spans; provided,
that if the said bridge;" inline twenty-five to
strike out the word "it" and insert the word
"and;" and also to strike out the proviso
beginning at the thirty-second line in the fol-
lowing words:
And provided also, That if any bridge built under
this act shall be constructed as a draw-bridge, the
same shall be constructed as a pivot draw-bridgo with
j a draw over the main channel of the river at an ac-
cessible and navigable point, and with spans of not
| less than one hundred and sixty feet in length in the
j clearbetween pierson eaehside of fheeential or pivot
I pier of the draw, and the next adjoining spans to the
j drawsball not beless than two hundred and fifty feet;
; and said spans shall not be i ess than thirty feet above
low-water mark, and notlessthan ten aboveextreme
i high-water mark, nearing to the bottom chord of the
! bridge, and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel
I with the current of the river: And provided aho,Tha.t
said draw shall bo opened promptly uponreasonable
| signal for the passage of boats whose construction
j shall not be such as to admit of their passage under
ij the permanent spans of said bridge, except when
,1 trains arepassing 0"v er the same: but in noeaseshall
ji unnecessary delay occur in opening the said draw?
after the passage of trains.
So that the section will read :
That any bridge built under the provisions nf this
act shall be made with unbioken and continuous
spans, and shall not be of less elevation in any ea=o
than fifty feet above extreme high-water niaik, as
understood at the point of location, to the Loiemt
cboid of the bridge, norshall thespan- of .-aid bridge
be less than two hundred andfiity leet in length, and
thespan over fheuiain channel ofthe river shall be
three hundred feet in length, ami the piet- of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the lhcr.
Mr NORTON. I do not dosire to openthe
discus-ion upon this suhjw.! again, as flu' mat-
ter was thoroughly discussed on tin', bill (or
the construction nf hndgof it I f^nincy eiid ai
iianuib.il: and utiles-', the Senator irom Mis-
souri can gne -nine reason to the Senate why
a (li'oriiniiiation should be uueh* again-! this
bridge. 1 eau m-o no good rea-oti why the
auKndmtnl should be adopted l'he provis-
ion piupo-ed to be s.ii u lien out is identical «ith
tiie pio-.i-iou in tin; bill autliomiiig the con-
struction of biidges at Quiuey and at Hanni-
bal. I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
