426
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
has placed the said steamer subject to the or-
ders of said telegraph company; and whereas
said telegraph company intend, the ensuing
summer, to lay the submarine cable required
at Behring's strait, said cable and the material
for the entire line being now in transit, and the
vessels of the company, seven in number, being
ready at San Francisco and Vancouver for the
expedition, and require immediate cooperation
on the part of the United States, in conformity
■with said act: Therefore,
Be itresolvedinthe Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and is hereby, authorized and required
to detail one steam vessel from the squadron
of the Pacific station, or elsewhere, to assist in
making surveys and soundings in that part of
the Pacific coast, both of America and Asia,
where it is proposed to establish said telegraph,
in laying the submerged cable, and generally
to afford such assistance as may be best calcu-
lated to secure the success of the enterprise and
to carry out the purposes of the act approved
July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
entitled "An act to encourage and facilitate
telegraphic communication between the east-
ern and western continents," so far as the same
can be afforded without dismantling her, or de-
stroying or impairing her efficiency as a vessel
of war.
Approved, February 26, 1860.
No. 11.—A Resolution providing for Expenses
incurred in searching for missing Soldiers of
the Army of the United States, and for the
further Prosecution of the same.
Whereas Miss Clara Barton has, during the
late war of the rebellion, expended from her
own resources large sums of money in endeav-
oring to discover missing soldiers of the armies
of the United States, and in communicating
intelligence to their relatives: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of fifteen
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to reimburse
Miss Clara Barton for the amount so expended
by her, and to aid in the further prosecution of
the search for missing soldiers; and the printing
necessary in the furtherance of the said object
shall hereafter be done by the Public Printer.
Approved, March 10, 1806.
No. 12.—Joint Resolution giving the Consent
of Congress to the Transfer of the Counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson to the State of West
Virginia.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Congress hereby rec-
ognizes the transfer of the counties of Berkeley
and Jefferson from the State of Virginia to West
Virginia ; and consents thereto.
Approved, March 10, 1866.
N o. 13. Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to transfer to the National
Home for Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans, of
Washington City, certain Stores not needed
for the Use of the Government.
Be it resolvedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to deliver to
the lady directors of the National Home for
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans, of Washington
city, for the use and aid ot that society in its
benevolent objects, such blankets, bedding,
and other furniture and articles as may be
proper for their purposes, and as are now on
hand in the stores of the Surgeon General's
department, and no longer needed for Gov-
ernment account; the Secretary to determine,
at his discretion, the specific amount and char-
acter of stores thus to be appropriated, and of
which due account shall be taken.
Approved, March 10, 1866.
No. 14.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of the
Sufferers by the late Explosion atthe United
States Arsenal, in the District of Columbia.
Whereas by the'late explosion at the United
States arsenal, in the District of Columbia,
ten persons were killed, who were not enlisted
men, but were employ6s of the Government
in said arsenal; and whereas those who were
so killed left wives and children dependent
upon them for support, most of whom are now
in a destitute condition: Therefore,
Beitresolvedbythe Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of twenty-
five hundred dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, and placed by
the Secretary of the Treasury in the hands
of Col. Benton, commandant of said arsenal,
to be distributed by him among the sufferers
by the said explosion, according to the equity
and necessities of their several cases ; and that
the said commandant report the details of said
distribution to Congress, with the vouchers
therefor.
Approved, March 17,1866.
No. 15.—Joint Resolution to change the Name
of the Ship "Art Union" to the Name
" George M. Barnard."
Resolved by the Senateand House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized to
change the name of the ship "Art Union,"
owned by the State of Massachusetts, and
used as quarters for the nautical branch of
the Reform School of said State, to the name
"George M. Barnard," and to grant said ship
a register in the latter name.
Approved, March 22, 1866.
No. 16.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retaries of War and Navy to place Hulks and
\ essels at the Disposal of Commissioners of
Quarantine, or other proper Authorities, at
Ports of the United States, for one year.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy be, and
they are hereby, respectively authorized, in
their discretion, to place gratuitously at the
disposal of the commissioners of quarantine,
or the proper authorities of any of the ports
of the United States, to be used by them tem-
porarily for quarantine purposes, such vessels
or hulks belonging to the United States as are
not required for other uses of the national
Government, subject to such restrictions and
regulations as the said Secretaries may re-
spectively deem necessary to impose for the
preservation thereof: Provided, That this res-
olution shall continue in force one year from
its passage.
Approved, March 24, 1866.
No. 17.—A Resolution in Relation to the Pub-
lication of the Laws of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of State
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to renew the contract of October thirty-first,
eighteen hundred and fifty, between the Depart-
ment of State, and Little, Brown, and Com-
pany, of Boston, Massachusetts, for the annual
publication of the Statutes-at-Large of the
United States, until otherwise ordered by Con-
gress, in conformity with tho joint resolutions
approved respectively March third, eighteen
hundred and forty-five, and September thirti-
eth [twenty-sixth,] eighteen hundred and fifty:
Provided, That the time within which the
annual edition of the Laws is to be delivered
at the Department of State be extended to
seventy days after the adjournment of each
session of Congress: And provided further,
That the price shall not exceed the actual
expenditures by Little, Brown, and Company,
for composition, press-work, paper, binding,
editing, and transportation, all of which shall
be done at the lowest market prices, the paper
to be furnished at as low a price as is paid by
the Government for paper of the same quality,
and five per cent commission thereon.
Approved, March 81, 1866.
No. 18.—Joint Resolution in Relation to the
Public Lands appertaining to the Armory
at Springfield.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the first section of a
joint resolution approved June seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-four, entitled "A
resolution relating to the public lands apper-
taining to the armories at Springfield and Har-
per's Ferry," is hereby revived, reenaeted,
and continued in force.
Approved, April 4, 1866.
No. 19.—A Resolution for the Restoration of
Commanders William Reynolds and Melane-
ton B. Woolsey, United States Navy, to the
Active List from the Reserved List.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States of America be authorized to
nominate and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate to appoint Commanders
William Reynolds and Melancton B. Woolsey
to the active list of the Navy.
Approved, April 5, 1866.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution giving Construction
to the Law in relation to Bounties payable
to Soldiers discharged for Wounds.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the true intent and
meaning of the words "or in the line of duty,"
used in the fourth section of the act approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixly-five,
entitled "An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for the enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes," requires that the benefit of
the provision of said section shall be extended
to any enlisted man or other person entitled
by law to bounty who has been or may be dis-
charged by reason of a wound received while
actually .in service under military orders, not
at the time on furlough or leave of absence,
nor engaged in any unlawful or unauthorized
act or pursuit.
Approved, April 12, 1866.
No. 21.—A Resolution respecting the Burial of
Soldiers who died in the military Service of
the United States during the Rebellion.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the hnited States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and lie is hereby, authorized and required
to take immediate measures to preserve from
desecration the graves of the soldiers of the
United States who fell in battle or died of dis-
ease in the field and in hospital during the war
of the rebellion: to secure suitable burial-places
in which they may be properly interred; and
to have the grounds inclosed, so that the rest-
mg-places of the honored dead may be kept
sacred forever.
Approved, April 13, 1866.
