1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
substitute three commissioners for one. I pre-
sume there will be no objection to it. I move
that the Senate concur in the amendment.
The amendment, was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the first section the following words:
And the said commissioners shall bo authorized, njid
Slt I1 fr°ard at some place in the State
oi Missouri, and shall be authorized to call witnesses
before them, and 10 examine them under oath; and
said commissioners shall be authorized to employ a
clerk at a rate ot compensation not to exceed $1,500
per annum.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in line one of sec-
tion two, to strike out "commissioner" and
insert "commissioners," and after the word
"proceed'' in line two to insert "subject to
regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary
of Warso as to make the clause read:
That the commissioners so appointed shall pro-
ceed, subject to the regulations to be prescribed by
the Seeietary of War. at once to examine all the
items of expenditure made by said State for the pur-
poses herein named.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment was in section two, after
the word "State," in line eleven, to insert
"under the authority and command of Federal
officers;" so as to make the clause read:
Such troops as were called into service by the
Governor at the request of the United States depart-
ment commander commanding the district in which
Missouri may ot the time have been included, or by
the express order, consent, or concurrence of said
commander, or which may be employed in suppress-
ing rebellion in said State under the authority and
command of Federal officers.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section three,
line three, to strike out "commissioner" and
insert "commissioners," and in line six to
Strike out "he" and insert "they."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following words at the close of section three:
Or the act entitled "An act to allow and pay to
the State of Missoui i the amount of money expended
by said State in the arming and paying of troops
employed in the suppression of insurrection against
the laws of the United States," approved July 17,1S62.
Mr. BROWN. That recital is mere surplus-
age and has been stricken out accordingly. I
move that the Senate concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line two, to strike out "commissioner" and
insert "commissioners;'' and in line five,after
the words "United States," to insert "and the
regulations prescribed by the Secretary of War;"
so that the section will read:
That in the adjustment of accounts under this act
the commisy.oneis shall not allow tor any expendi-
tm e or compensation lor service at arate greater than
was at the tune authorized by tnelaws of the United
States and the regulations prescribed by the Secretary
of War in similar cases.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section five,
line two, to strike out "commissioner" and
insert "commissioners;" and in line three to
strike out "he" and insert "they."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out all
of section live after the word "Treasury" in
line live, as follows :
And if fiom said report it shall appear that any
sum lcmains due to the said State, lie shall draw his
wan ant lor 1 he same, payable to tho Governor of
said State, and deliver it to him.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Shall transmit all tho testimony taken by said
connin^'inners to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
if upon examination by the projicr accounting oili-
eers ot the Treasury the account shall be lound to
bejust and correct, the same thai! bo paid.
Mr. BROWN. 1 move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
one, to strike out "commissioner" and insert
"commissioners;" in line three to strike out
"his" and insert "their;" and after "be"
and before "sworn" in the same line to insert
"severally;" in line five to strike out "he"
and insert "they,;' and to strike out "his"
and insert "their;" in line seven to strike out
"he" and insert "they;" and in line eight to
strikeout "his" and insert " their;" so that
the section will read :
That the commissioners to be appointed as afore-
said shall, belore proceeding to the discharge ol their
duties, be severally sworn that they will carefully
examine the accounts existing between the United
States and the State of Missouri, and that they will,
to the best of their ability, make a just, true, and
impartial statement thereof, as required by this act.
They shall receive such compensation for their ser-
vices as may be determined by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to add to the end
of section six "not execeding ten dollars per
day for each day of actual service."
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
line two, to strike out "$6,775,000," and
insert " §6,715,089 G5."
Mr. BROWN. That is a clerical mistake
which,has been corrected in the House, redu-
cing the amount that much. I move the con-
currence of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENTproiempore. Thatcom-
pletes the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. CHxVNDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 199) to establish the collection district
of Port Huron, and the collection district of
Michigan, and to extend the district of Puget
Sound, have directed me to report them back
with a recommendation that the Senate concur
in the amendments. As they are very short,
1 ask for immediate action upon them.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives. The
first amendment was to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the second section and in
lieu thereof to insert the following:
That the Teiritorics of Montana and Idaho be, and
the same are hereby, made a new collection district,
to be called the district ot ^Montana and Idaho, and
that a collector, withthe same salary as is above pro-
vided for each of the eollectois of Port Huron and
Michigan, shall be appointed to reside at, tho port of
entry in said distiict, which shall be designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as an additional section :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the collection
district oi Penobscot, in the State of Alaine, shall
hereafter be called the district of Uastme.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to amend the title
of the bill so as to read:
An act to establish the collection district of Port
Huron, the oolleelioii district of Michigan, the col-
lection district of Montana and Idaho, and to change
the name of the collection district of Penobscot.
The amendment was concurred in.
REMISSION or DUTIES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
2oo) to remit and refund certain duties, have
directed ine to report it back without amend-
ment and with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that bill is very short
and I think will not be objected to bv any Sen-
ator when he hears it read, 1 ask for its present
consideration. It ought to be acted upon at
once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to remit, or, if paid, to refund, any
duties levied on produce shipped from any part
of the United States to a port of the United
States via Canada, if the produce was actually
in transitu and detained by ice when the recent
reciprocity treaty with Canada expired.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
USE OF HALL I'Oil LECTUUES.
Mr. CLARK. Last evening I made a motion
to reconsider the vote adopting the resolution
granting to Mrs. Wallmg the use of this Hall
on Tuesday next. I nowaalc for action on that
motion.
The PRESIDENT proiempore. It is moved
that the Senate reconsider its vote granting the
use of this Chamber to Mrs. Walling on Tues-
day _ evening next. The question is on the
motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
JOIIN T. .JONES.
_Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
relet red a bill (S. No. 122) for the relief of
John T. Jones, an Ottawa Indian, for depre-
dations committed by white persons on his prop-
erty in Kansas Territory, to report it back with
a recommendation that it pass. 1 f there be no
objection, I should like to have the bill consid-
ered at the present time. A similar bill has
been heretofore considered by the Senate, and
has once passed the Senate.
Mr. POiJEROY. It passed the Senate twice.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i am corrected by the
Senator from Kansas; it passed the Senate
twice. I ask that that bill be taken up for
consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bi 1, which directs payment to John T. Jones
of S6,700, in full for depredations committed
upon his property by white persons, that being
the amount adjudged by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to be the value of the property
destroyed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will explain, the bill
in a single moment. As the Senator from
Kansa? has stated, it has twice passed the Sen-
ate. This John T. Jones was a member of an
Indian tribe in Kansas, and as long ago as
the troubles in Kansas, in 1853, his house was
burned and its contents consumed. Under
the non-intercourse law, as it then stood, the
Government of the United States was liable to
pay damages committed upon Indians at peace
with the United States: but the law technically
required, before the damages could be paid,
that he should make proof that he had endeav-
ored to pursue the party who was guilty of the
crime and to prove the identity of the person
who committed the offense. Technically, there-
fore, the claim could not be paid by the Indian
department, and it was so decided by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. Bat on investigation
into the affair, tinder the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, it was found that the
transactions in Kansas were in the nature of a
civil commotion or civil war, during the diffi-
culties there in lS.jG, and that it was unjust to
insist that he should strictly comply with the
terms of the law in order to prove the damage
done by the particular individual. It jias
therefore been recommended from that time
to the present by the Department that this
relief should be granted. Tho petitioner, in
setting up his claim for damages, sets up not
only the actual damage but a claim for large
consequential damages—loss of business, and
things of that sort; but that has been rejected
both by the Department and by the committee.
The amount proposed to be appropriated is the
amount of the actual damages sustained by
him by the burning of his house and his fur-
niture. The amount is §(3,700.
The bill was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALMON Vi. BABBITT.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
