1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S4:3
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Constitution of the
United States gives to each State the right to
prescribe the places of holding elections, and it
gives to the peopleof the State the right to pre-
scribe the qualifications of voters; and age is
one of the qualifications.
Mr. ROGERS. Is not residence one of the
qualifications, too?
Mr.^ SCOFIELD. Well, if that is to be called
a qualification, it is also filing the place of hold-
ing the election, and that must govern. You
cannot say that because the Constitution gives
them the right of fixing the qualification of
voters, therefore they have not a right to fix
the place of holding the election. It is just
equal to the stale anecdote of the doctor who
converted all diseases into fits because his med-
icines were applicable only to that disease.
The gentleman claims that because the State
convention of Michigan could fix the qualifi-
cations of voters, they could, therefore, fix the
place of holding the election as a qualification.
Mr. EOG-ERS. The gentleman does not an-
swer my point at all. I will put it in a stronger
light. Suppose the organic law of the State
should say that no man should vote unless he
has resided personally for ten days in 1 he town-
ship where the election is to be held, and comes
personally to the ballot-box on the day of elec-
tion and puts his vote in the ballot-box, could
the Legislature of the State, in defiance of that
organic provision, pass a law that a citizen
should not be required at all to come to the
ballot-box and vote, but might vote by proxy, or
in some other State, or Territory, or in some
foreign country, wherever he might please?
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes allowed
to the gentleman from New Jersey have ex-
pired.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man's question out of my time. It is just the
question I answered before, and the gentleman
irom New Jersey has not understood my an-
swer. The Legislature, by the Constitution of
the United States, fixes the place where the
ballot-box shall be kept; that is, where the
election shall be held. The State fixes the
qualification of voters, and among those qualifi-
cations requires a ten days' residence in the
township and three months' residence in the
State, and that the voter shall be twenty-one
years of age. Now, the voter having these
qualifications deposits his ballot at the place
fixed by the Legislature.
Mr. ROGERS. Still the gentleman does
not answer my question. Suppose the organic
law of the State of Michigan prescribed as a
qualification that an elector should reside ten
days in the township before the election, and
that when the day of election comes, the elector
shall go in person to the ballot-box and deposit
his ballot, would that be a qualification ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The depositing the ballot
would not be a qualification ; the residence of
ten days would.
Mr. ROGERS. Suppose the State provided
in its organic law as a qualification that the
elector should not vote unless he went person-
ally to the ballot-box and put his ballot into
the box, would not that be a qualification?
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is just what they
did do in this case, only the ballot-box was to
be in the camp where the soldiers were.
Mr. ROGERS. Allow me a moment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 cannot give the gentle-
man all mv time.
Mr. ROGERS. _ The gentleman has not
answered mv question.
Mr. SCOF1KLD. Well, if the gentleman
thinks so, it is because he does not know the
question lie put.
I did not wish to give the gentleman an oppor-
tunity to make a speech, for I knew that, as he
is a leader of the Opposition, '' one blast upon
his bugle-horn'' is good for forty votes. I be-
lieve that is at present the number of the votes
on the other side. They are diminishing so
rapidly that it is difficult for one to keep him-
self rightly informed in reference to the matter.
Mr. ROGERS. Will not the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield for the present to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to mo for ft question?
Mr. COOK. I must decline to yield, as I
hold the floor by consent of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to propound a ques-
tion to my colleague, [Mr. Marshall.] I list-
ened to his argument yesterday with great atten-
tion. I wish now to ask him whether at the elec-
tion at which he was first chosen a member of
this House every vote polled for him was not
void by the constitution of Illinois ?
Mr. MARSHALL. No. sir. The constitu-
tion of Illinois of 1848 attempted to add to the
qualifications prescribed in the Constitution of
the United States for Representatives and Sen-
ators of the United States. In 1854, Mr. Trum-
bull and myself, who had both been upon the
bench as judges, were elected to seats in this
House. Before taking his seat, Mr. Trumbull
was elected to the United States Senate. Both
Houses of Congress held that the provision of
the constitution of Illinois, which attempted
to add to the qualifications of Senators and
Iiepresentath es in Congress, was entirely in
conflict with the Federal Constitution, and con-
sequently void.
That is my answer to the question of my col-
league. If he sees any analogy whatever be-
tween that case and this, he can see much fur-
ther than I can. I was very unfortunate in my
argument yesterday, i f my colleague understood
me as maintaining that a State constitution
could override the Federal Constitution. I
certainly took no such position, and I do not
now.
Mr. COOK. Let me ask my colleague one
other question. Whether the Legislature of the
State of Michigan, which met'two years ago,
was not empowered by the Constitution of the
United States to fix the place of holding elec-
tions for members of Congress.
Mr. MARSHALL. I endeavored yesterday
to answer that question. I sought to prove that
that Legislature had no such power if their act
was in conflict with the constitution of the State.
I do not think it nccessary to repeat my argu-
ment on that point, for 1 imagine that, the House
would not hear it with much patience.
Mr. COOK. Then, as I understand, Mr.
Speaker, the position is assumed that the con-
stitution of the State may limit the Legislature in
its power to fix the place for holding elections,
but may not limit the people by saying for whom
they shall vole. It seems to me that the cases
are exactly parallel. If the people of the State
of Illinois, in their constitutional convention,
transcended their power when they enacted the
provision which, it valid, would have rendered
void all the votes cast for my colleague, then
the people of Michigan, in their constitutional
convention, transcended their power when they
provided that the Legislature, which met two
yours after, should not fix the place of holding
elections. The principle is precisely the same
in both eases.
1 desire to add a single word more. _ 1 have
here an authority which may be entitled to
some weight upon this question. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in the Senate have
had before them a question in reference to the
election of a Senator from New Jersey. _ In
reporting upon that question the committee
' use this language:
"The constitution of New Jerseydocsnot prescribe
the manner of choosing United States Senators; as>,
indeed, it could not, the Constitution of theCmtrd
States having: vested that power, in the abscnce or
any law of Congress, exclusively in the Legislature.
The power of the Legislature to provide_the
places tor holding elections for Representatives
rests on precisely the same authority as the
power to elect Senators. If the constitution of
New Jersey could not prescribe the manner of
choosing Senators, it could not prescribe the
manner of electing Representatives. So tar as
the authority goes, it is precisely in point. _
Mr. ROGERS. With reference to the choice
of Senators, the Federal Censtitution itself de-
clares that Senators shall be elected by the State
Legislatures.
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir; and the Constitution
itself declares that the Legislature shall pro-
scribe the places of holding elections. The lan-
guage of the Constitution with reference to the
two cases is precisely similar.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I now want
five minutes myself.
The Constitution of the United States says
that the Legislature of a State shall prescribe
the place of holding an election. 'In Michigan
the Legislature of that State did prescribe the
place where the soldiers should vote; they pre-
scribed the camp where they happened to be
in the field as the place. Now, why is not that
constitutional? The Constitution gives this duty
as clear as language can give it to the Legis-
lature, and the Legislature clearly performs that
duty.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
told us yesterday that the reason why the Legis-
lature of Michigan could not perform that duty
was because it was the creature of the consti-
tution of Michigan. Suppose the Constitution
of the United States had used the word '1 creat-
ure," if he wants it so, could they not have
prescribed the place of holding elections just
as well as if they were called by the more dig-
unified word of Legislature?
Again, he tolls us that the Constitution of the
United States did not mean the Legislature,
but meant the people of the United States.
Mr. ROGERS. Let me ask a question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not now. I am talking to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
The Constitution of the United States says,
in one place, that the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
Take the gentleman's reading, and it will be,
shall have the qualifications of the most nu-
merous branch of the people, not of the Legis-
lature of a State. Which is the most numerous
branch of the people? I suppose they should
be divided into sexes. If so, in New England
the ladies would be the most numerous branch,
and in the gentleman's State the gentlemen.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman will allow
me a word. He does not intend to misrepre-
sent me, I know, although in fact he is doing
so. I said that the term Legislature, in its
broadest sense, meant the people, who, in the
first place, held the legislative power which
they delegated to the conventions assembled to
form the State constitutions; and those con-
ventions, in the organic laws, delegated it to
the ordinary Legislatures.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will give the gentle-
man another example if he thinks his definition
is accurate. Last session we passed a law sub-
mitting an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States to the different States, and
the Legislatures of three fourths of them have
adopted it. The language of the Constitution
is that when the Legislatures of three fourths
of the States shall adopt it, it shall be a part of
the Constitution. Now, according to the logic
of the gentleman from Illinois, the Legislature
means the people, and it must be submitted to
three fourths of the people of the States. Mr.
Seward has announced that the amendment has
been adopted, but according to his theory, as it
has been only sanctioned by three fourths of
the Legislatures of the Slates, and not of the
people, it is not part of the Constitution of the
United States.
The Constitution of the United States m an-
other place says that Congress may submit these
amendments either to the Legislatures of the
States or to conventions. Under the Consti-
tution the State of Michigan might say they
should not have any convention and the Legis-
lature should not act upon it, and the Consti-
tution of the United States would be nullified.
That, sir, is evidence that the framers of the
Constitution knew what tliey were about when
they used the word Legislature. They used it
in the same sense that we do. It is enough to
say there were thirteen States then in existence,
and each one had a Legislature at the same
