1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3827
country; but then no prudent man would go
there and lay out a large sum of money for a
furnaco unless he could assure himself that he
would have wood enough to make coal to run
it, and it will take a good deal.
Now, I ask, is there any possible objection
to their having that? It was objected that the
other bill gave them the right to take certain
lands that had coal if they could find it. This
is an entirely diiferent thing. There is not a
mineral land grant in this amendment; they
are no t even permitted to cut wood except from
one section until the thing is entirely complied
with. Is there any objection to that?
We have given away and granted, since I
introduced that other bill, I do not know but a
hundred million acres of land for railroads and
other purposes; and if you look at your North-
ern Pacific railroad bill that passed here last,
I think you will find it is subject to every ob-
jection that was made by the President to the
little bill that I introduced. There the com-
pany take all the land ; they are not restricted to
coal land or anything else ; and you are grant-
ing away millions upon millions of land by bills
to which all the objections made to the little
bill to enable these people to go in there and
try the experiment of setting up a furnace ap-
ply. It is the smallest thing that I ever knew
so strongly objected to, for I ask every candid
man in this 'Senate, is there a sane man that
can fail to see that in that remote country,
where every pound of iron has got to be dragged
a thousand miles at a cost of some thirty cents
a pound before you can get it there, nothing
would develop it more than to have a furnace
on the spot that could make iron, and thereby
enable the people to set up their mining estab-
lishments, their crushing-works, and everything
else ?
It seems to me that, so far from being any
favoritism to a company, it would tend more
to develop the country than anything else. It
is a small affair, to bo sure ; but it is not indif-
ferent to the people that are there and are
going there. They all want it to be done as a
matter of prime necessity in that remote coun-
try. I hope, sir, there will be no objection to
it. The objections the President made to the
other bill are* entirely avoided by this. It seeks
no advantage, and the other bill did not seek
any advantage. It had things iu it that might
bo objected 10, but they were not sought, i am
sure, to gain any advantage, tor the features
objected to were put ou that bill .by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands in putting it into such
a shape that it ought to pass. All I ask is tor
such a measure as will accomplish the purpose
of encouraging the production of iron m tins
remote Territory. , .
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think there is no anal-
ogy between grants of land to a railroad cor-
poration and particular grants of land to a pri-
vate party or to a private business corporation.
A railroad is a public highway, and there are
public objects connected with the making ot
improvements of that description which do not
applv in other cases. I make this observation
in answer to the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio that our grants to railroad companies ot
lands in the West will justify our grants, as i
understand him. to individuals or to corpora-
tions wherever there are legitimate objects con-
nected with the bill. But, sir, under the ex-
planations which he has submitted, althougli i
have not critically compared the present amend-
ment with the bill which was recently vetoed
by the President, I withdra^the call lor a
^ The ".PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
for a division being withdrawn the amendment
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amanded, and tlio amendments were con-
fu~r°d in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the bill be read a
S time. It was read the third time and
passed.
CODIFICATION or CUSTOM* LAWS.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move that tho Senate
take up for consideration Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 82.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to
provide for codifying the laws relating to the
customs. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be prepared and submitted to
Congress at its next session a general customs
revenue law, designed to supersede all other
laws on that subject, and embracing all neces-
sary provisions for regulating the foreign and
coasting trades, the assessment and collection
of duties on goods, wares, and merchandise
imported from foreign countries, and other
subject-matters immediately pertaining thereto;
the expenses necessarily incurred in the prep-
aration thereof to be paid from the appropri-
ation for the expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
joint resolution with two amendments. The
first amendment was to insert after the word
" session," in line five, the words "under the
direction of one member of the Senate and one
member of the House of Representatives, each
to be appointed by the Presiding Officer of the
body to .which he belongs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the resolution the following proviso :
Provided, That the said expenses shall not exceed
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Maryland whether this whole
subject is not embraced within an act that has
already been passed for the general codifica-
tion of the acts of Congress. It seems to me
it has been already provided for.
Mr. CRESWELL. My impression is that
that bill has not passed the House.
Mr. HARRIS. It has passed the House and
is a law; and candidates are already applying
to the .President for nomination to engage in
that work of codifying the laws of Congress,
embracing, of course, these laws as well as
others.
Mr. CRESWELL. I can only say in regard
to that, that the Secretary of the Treasury
seems to feel the deepest interest in the pas-
sage of this resolution ; and if it be passed and
these laws be codified, they will be completed
as that they will not only be of service to the
Department, but of service to those gentlemen
who may be appointed to codify all the laws.
It is proposed that the laws applicable to the
collection of duties and to the management of
the revenues generally shall be prepared by
certain officers of the Department, under the
direction of one memberofthe Senate and one
member of the House of Representatives, be
fore the meeting of the next session of Con-
gress, that a report shall then be had, and
action finally taken upon it. If the gentlemen
hereafter to be designated by the President
shall undertake to codify all the laws ot the
United States, it is more than probable that it
will be two or three years before they will be
able to present such a report as will be ac-
cepted by Congress, and then it may be that a
lon<r delay will follow. This work seems to be
absolutely necessary for the successful work-
ing of the Treasury Department, and 1 will
read to the Senate what the Secretary ot the
Treasury himself says on this subject. Speak-
ing of the complication of laws which has re-
sulted, he says that in regard to the assess-
ment and collection of duties alone based
upon the act of March 2, 1799, up to the year
1845, there had been passed at least one hun-
dred and twenty-five different laws, and since
that time almost as many more. Besides that,
there are other classes of laws which are ne-
cessary for the public convenience, one relat-
ing to the foreign and coasting trade and an-
other relating to special provisions necessary
to meet the necessities of commerce on the
lakes and rivers for the northeastern, north-
ern, and northwestern frontiers, and in regard
to them the Secretary of the Treasury says:
" The result is an immense complication in the de-
tails of the various provisions relating to the col-
lection of tho revenue and the carrying on of the
coasting and foreign trades; and an intricate sys-
tem of legislation on this entire subject has grown
up, in which statute refers to statute and amend-
ment to amendment on so many points, that the law
governing a specific case is in many instances with
difficulty discovered. This is a source of grave em-
barrassment to officers of the customs whose posi-
tion requires prompt action and a clear application
of the law to facts as they arise. This Department
endeavors to render the laws intelligible by the issue
of circulars and regulations; these are, however, but
a partial remedy for the evil, and g:o but a short way
toward supplying the want of a uniform and consist-
ent code, with its subjects so arranged and classified
that the lawupon anygivenpoint may be summarily
ascertained."
My impression is that this is a work that is
absolutely necessary and should be done at
once, and that it should not be delayed until
all the laws of the United States have been
codified in the manner proposed by the gen-
eral proposition. No harm, certainly, can re-
sult from it; and I think this work being done
in the Treasury alone, by officers who have a
perfect knowledge of the difficulties arising out
of the complication of these laws, it will, per-
haps, forward the work of the gentlemen who
are to bo appointed to codify all the laws.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not at all opposed to
this measure. I can seo very well the necessity
for a codification of the laws relating to the
revenue. The difficulty I have is that we have
already provided for it. Commissioners are to
be appointed; we may expect their nomination
any day; and tho duty of those commissioners
will be to codify all our laws. I have supposed
that to one of those commissioners would be
assigned the duty of codifying the revenue laws.
Are we not likely, if wo pass this resolution, to
have two sets of commissioners at work on the
same subject ? It will be the duty of these com-
missioners, by law, to codify all the laws. It
seems to me the Senator from Maryland must
modify his proposition in some way so as to re-
lieve the commissioners to be appointed under
the law already passed from this portion of the
duty now assigned to them; otherwise we shall
have two set's of men engaged in the same work.
Mr. CRESWELL. The difficulty arising out
of that is-preeisely the one that I have stated;
that, owing to the immense deal of work that
will devolve upon the codifiers appointed gen-
erally over the wdiole system of laws, it will
necessarily be a long time before any definite
result can be reached, perhaps live years.
Mr. SUMNER. No, not so long as that.
Mr. CRESWELL. It is very difficult to tell
how long it will be. It is a very extensive
work; it will require a great many correc-
tions ; and the entire operations of the com-
mission will have to be carefully revised by
certain gentlemen of both Houses ot Congress,
and they being called upon to act anew on the
subject, it will necessarily lead to other long
delays. I have had some experience on this
subject myself in the State of Maryland, where
we attempted to codify the act* oi our Legisla-
ture, and it resulted in very great delays. It
was some three or four years, or perhaps five
years, before wo had completed that system,
and it was fhen full of defects; and the Legis-
lature ever since has been endeavoring to cor-
rect it What we want here is, to placc at the
disposition of the Treasury Department a cer-
tain correct system of the laws, presenting them,
as it wero. at one view; so that the Department
may submit a uniform system of instructions and
laws to all the officers of the General Govern-
ment throughout the country. That seems to
be a desideratum, for the want of which the
Department has been suffering the greatest m-
convcnience ; and the anxiety of the Secretary
of tho Treasury is so great on that subject, that
I am disposed to call for the vole of the Senate
upon this proposition, believing, as I do, that
it will only facilitate the general work to which
, the honorable Senator from Isew \ ork has
! referred.
Mr. SUMNER. The object of the Senator
