1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2867
Mr. HENDERSON. Lest the Senate may
have forgotten the purport of this amendment,
] will restate that it is simply an amendment
which will compel the bridges, if built over the
Mississippi river at all, to be built with contin-
uous span's fifty feet above the surface of the
water. If the amendment is not adopted,
bridges may be built on the river with pivots
and draws. My object in offering this amend-
ment to this bill is to have a test vote in the
Senate on the subject. I desire that a commis-
sion shall be sent out to examine into this mat-
ter of bridging the river; and if they report
that the river cannot be bridged with these
high bridges I shall be wil'.ing at the next ses-
sion of Congress to let the low bridges be
built; but I think we ought to examine more
critically and more carefully into this matter.
As I stated the other day, a proposition is now
pending in the Senate, authorized by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to be attached to one of
the appropriation bills, as I understand, to ap-
point a board of engineers to go and examine
the river and report as to the proper kind of
bridges to be constructed.
It is perfectly certain that between this time
and the beginning of our next session no
bridges can be built on the Mississippi river.
The water is now very high; the Mississippi
river is remarkably high for this season of the
year, and the June rise is yet to come; so that
I apprehend nothing can be done toward the
construction of bridges on that river during
the summer or at any time previous to our
meeting next fall. Hence I should like to
have a test vote on the subject to determine
whether the Senate will take the whole judg-
ment of this matter upon themselves or whether
they will leave it to a board of engineers to
determine.
Of course, if we bridge at one point we have
got to bridge at another, and in the course of
a few years you will find a bridge at almost
every town on the Mississippi river. How far
this will be an obstruction to commerce is a
matter that ought to be considered by this body.
It is a matter of very great consequence, in my
opinion, and one to which we have not given
the consideration to which it is entitled. That
is true, and as no harm can be done by the
adoption of this amendment at present, as it
will not obstruct the building of any bridge that
can be built and within the time within which
it can be built, I should like very much that it
should be adopted. I do not desire to detain
the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate will remember
that the bills for the other two bridges which
have been authorized by previous legislation
here, the one at Hannibal and the one at
Quincy, were in the alternative, authorizing a
bridge either with a draw or with a continuous
span. Now, while I agree very much with
what the Senator from Missouri has said in
regard to the bridging of the Mississippi river,
I see no reason why there should be any dis-
crimination against this- bridge at Winona. It
has been hinted that the legislation already
passed here will not meet with success in the
other House. Theu let this bill go into the
same basket and fail with them, and the whole
legislation on the subject of bridges depend 011
the report of the commission of engineers that
may be authorized; but I can see no reason
why the Senate should discriminate against
this bridge and change the alternative allowed
in the other cases to positive legislation com-
pelling the company to build a bridge of a con-
tinuous span.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state that I do
not wish to discriminate against this measure;
but I failed to have a vote on the yeas and nays
in the Senate upon the proposition of building
draw-bridges on the other bill; it was over-
looked when the bill was reported to the Sen-
ate. I will state to the Senator from Minne-
sota that the bill as we passed it in this body I ■
am satisfied will not pass the House of Repre-
sentatives. I am pretty well satisfied of that.
It will come back to be acted upon in this body.
There is but little doubt about that. The
probability is that it will not be passed at all;
that nothing more than the proposition made
by the Senator from Minnesota himself to have
a survey of the Mississippi river and a report
to us at the next session will be agreed to at
this session—nothing better or nothing worse
than that. I am perfectly sure that he need
have no fears about the bill in its present shape
going through the House of Representatives.
I do not believe that it will. If it is passed at
all, it will be passed with jtmendments which
will bring it back ; and then I desire to have
the very same vote upon that proposition that
I have offered here. That is all I desire.
Mr. GRIMES. If this was a question solely
as to the construction of a bridge across the
Mississippi river where it bounds the States of
Wisconsin and Minnesota I should have noth-
ing to say on the subject, but I understand the
Senator from Missouri to say that he desires
this to be a test vote on this question as to
whether the Mississippi shall be bridged at all
or not.
Mr. HENDERSON. No.
Mr. GRIMES. It virtually amounts to that.
The Senator insists that these bridges shall be
erected fifty feet above high water-mark, as I
understand his proposition. It is very proba-
ble that such bridges can be well built across
the Ohio river and across many streams where
the bluffs approach near to the river, but 011
the Mississippi river, where there are six or
eight miles in extent of low bottom lands, and
the rise and fall of the river does not exceed
twelve feet, the water then spreading all over
these bottoms, the construction of such bridges
as the Senator from Missouri proposes will be
attended with immense expense ; much more
money than many railroad companies can af-
ford to expend, even if they can be constructed
at all.
Then, again, nearly all of these bridges are
proposed to be thrown across the Mississippi
river where there are towns already built, or
partially built, upon the low bottom lands ; and
the construction of such a bridge with embank-
ments of that height in these towns, or in most
of them, all except in the town of Quincy—1
do not know where the bridge is proposed to be
built there—would be ruinous to the towns, and
the commerce of the country would receive no
corresponding advantage. I cannot conceive
why it is not possible to build draw-bridges on
the Mississippi river that shall not obstruct
navigation as well as you can build them upon
other streams. Gentlemen say that in a short
time bridges will be thrown across the Missis-
sippi liver every few miles. They never will
be thrown across the river except where the
railroads terminate. We know that capitalists
are not in the habit of building railroads very
close together. Perhaps in time there may be
bridges across the Mississippi river once in fifty
miles. The obstruction that they will afford
to the navigation of steamboats up and down
the river will be merely a detention of fifteen
minutes when they approach a bridge. Will
that furnish any such obstruction as would jus-
tify us in refusing to all the commerce of those
States that desire to pass eastward or west-
ward an opportunity to cross the river?
I do not know anything in regard to the par-
ticular location where it is proposed to build
this bridge, nor do I know whether it is pro-
posed by these companies to go 011 at present
and construct their bridge; but I desire to say
to the Senator from Missouri that he is alto-
gether mistaken as to some of the other rail-
road companies and bridges that are proposed
to be constructed if he includes them in the
same category with the one now under con-
sideration. I know that it is proposed to build
some of these bridges this summer. I know
that the water has fallen and is low. and that j
they now can go on upon the upper Mississippi |
river and construct the bridges. I
Mr. HENDERSON. Oh, no ; the water has ;
risen. 1
Mr. GRIMES. Then it has risen in tht-ee j
days. I know it has been high. The June ;
freshet of which the Senator speaks is a June '
freshet on the lower Mississippi, but we have
our rise in the month of May, which has al-
ready gone by, and I suppose it has gone by
in Minnesota some two or three weeks already,
and the water is low. I do not know whether
this company is prepared to go on and build
this bridge, but I know that they are prepared
to go on and build the bridges across the Mis-
sissippi river below, and the postponement of
this subject for twelve months will be of very
considerable detriment.
Mr. POMEROY. I know of no reason why
a river should not be bridged any more than
why a mountain should not be cut down to
make room for a railroad. The currents of
commerce and emigration are as thorough by
way of railroads as by way of rivers. It is the
river that is the obstruction to tlie railroad,
just as much as the mountain is. When the
Pacific railroad bill was before the Senate it
was thought that the Missouri river should be
bridged, and I have in my hand the provision
of law for bridging the Missouri river, which
is by far a more difficult river to bridge than
the Mississippi. It is a more rapid stream ;
it is a longer and larger stream above its junc-
tion with the Mississippi. I will read the pro-
vision of the law in regard to bridging the Mis-
souri river contained in the ninth section of
the act of July 2, 1864:
" That to enable any one of said corporations to
rnnke convenient anrl necessary connections with
other roads, it is hereby authorized to establish and
maintain all necessary ferries upon and across tho
Missouri river and other i ivers whi<">h its road may
pass in its course; and authority is heicby priven said
corporation to constiuct bridges over said Missouri
river and all other livers for the convenience of said
rond: Provided, That any bridge or bridges it may
construct over the Missouri river or any other navi-
gable river on the line of said road shall be con-
stiucted with suitable and proper draws for the pas-
sage of steamboats, and shall be built, kept, and
maintained, at the expense of said company, in such
manner as not to impair the usefulness of s$id rivers
fornavigahon to any greater extent than such struct-
ures of the most approved character necessarily do."
That is the kind of charter to give a railroad
company—not tie them up to draws of any spe-
cific character, but simply require them in the
law to put in a draw of such a character that
it shall not obstruct the navigation any more
than such draws necessarily do. It is admitted
that they obstruct navigation to some extent,
but it is the public interest that is promoted
by it. That is the reason why we allow these
draw-bridges. The Mississippi river affords no
such obstacles to bridging as the Missouri does,
and we have already a provision of this kind,
for bridging the Missouri, and I know not why
we should not be as liberal on tho Mississippi.
I am for bridging it at every point where the
public interest requires, wherever a railroad
crosses it, and to have bridges of such a char-
acter that the companies can build them and
maintain them. To require tho building of
bridges of four hundred feet span, embarrass-
ing the companies, making them forever unsafe,
is neither for the public interest nor for the
interest of the companies. A brjdge of suita-
ble character should never be more than two
hundred feet span, and the draw that turns, if
it is constructed afjer that pattern, should never
be over three hundred feet, that is, one hundred
and fifty feet between the points. You cannot
turn one over three hundred feet long. There
is not one in existence that turns over three
hundred feet, and yet we have undertaken to
legislate, intwodistinctive billsbefore Congress,
to make the draw itself three hundred feet, so
that the bridge would have to be six hundred
feet, if it turned round.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, one hundred and
sixty feet 011 each side of the pivot.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not talking about
this bill, but I am talking of the bill we passed
for bridging the Ohio river at Steubenville.
But a space of one hundred and sixty feet on
each- side of the pivot makes the draw three
hundred and twenty feet. That is altogether
too long. The time is coming, and I think has
already come, when the commerce of the rivers
must give way to some extent and be discom-
moded by the commerce" of railroads. They
take the great bulk of the travel aud business
