B828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
from Maryland would naturally form a chap-
ter in the labors of the commissioners that
are about to be appointed for the revision a,nd
consolidation of all the statutes of the United
States. Of course, in that revision a very im-
portant chapter would be all the statutes re-
lating to the revenue service of our country.
Now, as I understand the Senator, he proposes
that another commission, in advance of the
commission which has already been authorized
by Congress, shall- take this special subject of
the revenue statutes. I have no evidence be-
fore me that the case is sufficiently urgent to
justify this double effort, if I may so express
myself; that is, if the motion of the Senator
from Maryland shall prevail, we shall have two
sets of commissioners at work on that same
subject. Does the occasion require it? Are
we justified in setting these two machines in
motion? Is not one enough? I have no evi-
dence before me to show that one is not enough.
Mr. GUTHRIE. This resolution, which was
introduced by me and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, provides for an object
which is thought to be necessary, of having a
codification by Congress of the laws relating to
the customs. I will state to the Senate that
under a resolution of Congress during the time
I Was Secretary of the Treasury I caused to be
compiled a code of the revenue laws, which was
reported to Congress, but not acted on during
the period that I remained in the Treasury.
At the instance of the present Secretary of
the Treasury I introduced this resolution. The
compilation as made then is printed and still
exists in the Treasury. It, will be a very light
work to bring down that codification of these
laws to the present time. I hope the Senator
from New York and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will withdraw their opposition to this
measure. The codification can be returned at
the next session, and if adopted by Congress
it can be printed as a portion of the general
codification, for it will come in and be acted
upon long before that general codification. I
deem it absolutely and essentially necessary to
a systematic and faithful performance of their
duties by the officers engaged in the revenue
service to have the revenue laws reduced into
one body, so that all the collectors and other
revenue officers and every merchant in the
United States can understand the law. I think
it is right enough to have a general codification
of all the laws ; but we cannot have that for
five years, and I do not believe it will be finally
passed by Congress in ten years. This codifi-
cation is ready prepared, only needing some
amendments to make it suit the present time
and some modifications which the experience
of the experts in the Department may have
suggested. I trust gentlemen will withdraw
their opposition to the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. In what I said a moment
ago I intimated a doubt as to the expediency
of this second commission. I confess, how-
ever, that I have been very much impressed by
what has fallen from the Senator from Ken-
tucky. His argument in favor of this work
seems to me to be very strong. It is quite
patent that the main work cannot be completed
for some time ; but, as I understand from the
Senator, the proposed codification of the stat-
utes relating to the revenue ought to be done
as soon as possible. I am told it is needed
now, and if that is the case I shall certainly
make no opposition.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third
time.
Mr. SPRxVGUE. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Finance, with
instructions to report on the second Tuesday
in December next. It is well known that an
important bill from the other House has been
referred to that committee, which, if passed at
the next session, will alter the revenue laws
*ery materially. It would seem to me very
appropriate to refer this resolution to that com-
mittee, that they may see whether it is neces-
sary that these laws should be codified and
arranged.
Mr. CRESWELL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. HOWARD. If we are likely soon to
come to a vote on the measure now before us,
I shall not call for the order of the day. Other-
wise, I must insist upon it.
Several Senators. Let us have the vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that this joint
resolution is not to pass. It seems to me a
very singular species of legislation. We have
at this session already passed through both
Houses of Congress a law which has received
the approval of the Executive, appointing three
persons to codify and revise the laws of the
United States ; and now you are proceeding to
do it by piecemeal in this way. The very
object of our commission, which will cost the
Government probably $50,000, is thwarted by
a proposition now to have the laws revised by
some of the clerks in the Revenue Bureau, for
I suppose they are to make this revision. I
trust such a proposition as this is not to pass.
This work ought to be done under the super-
vision of the commissioners aj^pointed by the
President, bj' and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to revise and codify the laws
generally. If this portion can begot into shape
at an earlier day so much the better. If labor
has already been bestowed upon it, these com-
missioners will have the benefit of that labor.
They will have authority to go on and make a
report upon this branch of the laws before
reporting the general revision of all the laws.
It seems to me that this provision is incongru-
ous with what we have already done, and such
a proposition ought not to pass, and I trust it
will not pass. If Senators had considered it,
and what we have already done, it strikes me
i they would not now consent to a proposition
of this kind becoming a law. To-morrow some
one else will propose that the military laws be
revised—they have been published in a sepa-
rate volume under the supervision of some
person already—and the next day the naval
laws, and the next those relating to the courts.
Thus we shall have no harmony, no simplicity,
in the laws which are to be revised and consol-
idated, as we trust, so that everybody can un-
derstand them. These laws will have more or
less bearing on other statutes. Has the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, as I understand he is
ill favor of this measure, reflected that many
of these laws relating to customs are mixed
up with other statutes and have an important
bearing on them?
Mr. CRESWELL. They must be codified,
nevertheless.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the general codifica-
tion of the laws to be made subservient to a
revision got up probably by some clerks? I
do not know who is to get out this revision.
Does the Senator know?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I do not. I know
nothing about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me 'this is
all immature and inconsiderate. I do not
know what, committee it comes from.
Mr. GUTHRIE. The Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the motion of
the Senator from Rhode Island will prevail,
and that this matter will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, to be considered and re-
ported on at the next session, or that we may
make some other disposition of it than to .pass
it at the present time.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Rhode Island will not prevail.
He might as well offer a resolution that until
we are done legislating upon the subject of the
customs we shall have no modification of the
customs laws. He says wo are to have the
tariff bill reported from the Senate committee
next December. They may not report that
bill at all, or they may make it a very different
bill from what it now is. That will be part of
the customs laws when passed, and so of any
other bill passed at the next session. It is ab-
solutely necessary and essential to the proper
understanding of the revenue laws to have this
| codification. I have no question that we are
I losing money every year and every day for the
want of it. There are over one hundred and
twenty acts of Congress to be considered in
assessing the revenues under the existing laws,
and a great many of them conflicting and of
difficult construction. Then we have the opin-
ions of the Secretaries, and wo shall have them
again. They make a new explanation of the
laws every once in awhile.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to inquire of him who is
making this revision ?
Mr. GUTHRIE. When I was Secretary of
the Treasury Congress passed a resolution
providing for codifying these laws, and I had
it done by experts in the office and a gentleman
from Pennsylvania whom we employed under
the resolution. The codification was reported
to Congress, but they did not act upon it. I
found the codification here printed this winter,
just as it was reported to Congress, and in a
conversation with the experts in the office they
desired very much to have this codification
completed and they prepared a resolution for
that purpose which I introduced here, and
which the Senator from Maryland has reported
from the Committee on Commerce. The codi-
fication is already prepared, and it only wants
the modification that different legislation since
that time and the additional experience that
has been acquired in the office renders neces-
sary. It was introduced into this body before
the measure to codify the general laws. That
was not objected to because this was pending
and should not have been, because if this codi-
fication should be reported to us and we should
pass it next session, or the session afterward,
it will-be a long while before the general meas-
ure will come before Congress, and you will
not get Congress to pass on that until some
years after it has been reported and printed.
I trust we shall vote down the proposition to
refer the resolution to the Committee on Fi-
nance. I would rather see it rejected at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island to refer the resolution to the Committee
on Finance with instructions to report upon the
same on the second Tuesday in December next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it the purpose of the
resolution that the commission, to be appointed
under its authority, is to report to us a tariff
bill, to revise the duties now imposed? ["Oh,
no."] It seems to be very comprehensive in
its terms.
Mr. GUTHRIE. It includes all the navi-
gation laws.
Mr. CRESW ELL. It is to be a revision of
the existing laws affecting the customs and all
kindred subjects.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that the expense
ought not to excced $5,000; §10,000 i? too
much. I think the Senate had better let the
resolution be amended by substituting So.000
for $10,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is not now amendable, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CRESWETjL. It only gives the Secre-
tary of the Treasury a discretion up to §10.000;
he.thinks it will require that much to do the
work properly.
Mr. SUMNER. That is too much. I do
not want to give that much.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt in my mind
that this resolution ought to pass and that the
public interest will be subserved by its passage.
As to the amonnt, that is involved in the reso-
lution, that, I suppose, will not be expended
if the purposes can be accomplished in any
other way.
