2868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
of tie country now, and it is as much our duty
to provide for this classof commerce that goes
across tlie country as it is to keep the river
clear. The river, to be sure, is a natural chan-
nel, but it has no more claims on Congress or
the country or mankind than these artificial
channels have; and to embarrass a company
with such a kind of bridge that they cannot
"build it, and that is not good for anything when
it is built, is such unfriendly legislation that
we ought not to encourage it. We should ex-
tend the greatest possible facilities for bridging
these streams everywhere; and the only pro-
vision of law I want on the subject is precisely
that contained in the Pacific railroad act. Let
the companies themselves judge of the character
of the structure. Let them be allowed to build
it where they have to cross a stream, |tnd only
require them not to obstruct the navigation
of the river more than such structures neces-
sarily do. That is the language of the law in
regard to bridging the Missouri river.
Mi-. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, my impres-
sion is that all these bridges on the Missis-.^
sippi and Ohio rivers should be built without a
draw. When we wanted to build a bridge at
Louisville, Congress required it to be ninety
feet above low-water mark. We applied to Con-
gress for liberty to build it with draws, and that
privilege was granted at the last session. I put
the matter immediately into the hands of an
engineer to ascertain the difference between
the cost of a bridge with and a bridge without
draws, and the advantages of the two methods.
My engineer reported to me that it would be
cheaper and better to build it without draws.
I have great confidence in his judgment; I have
built several bridges of his drafting.
Mr. POMEROY. -What was the length of
draw required in the law? That was the
obstacle.
Mr. EfENDERSON. One hundred and fifty
feet in the Ohio bridges.
Mr. POMEROY. But the bridge would have
to be twice that length and that would make it
three hundred feet.
_ Mr. HENDERSON. But there is a pivot
pier in the center of it. The .passage way is
only one hundred and fifty feet. The pivot
rests on a small pier.
Mr. GrUTHRIE. I became convinced that
it was not best for the Jeffersonville railroad
and the Louisville and Nashville railroad to
build a bridge at Louisville at present. Con-
gress required it to be ninety feet above low-
water mark. At the falls the highest rise of
the water is forty-four feet. It rose to that
extreme height only three times in the memory
of the oldest citizens there, in 1792, in 1831,
and in 1847. Of course, if you build bridges
sixty feet above high-water mark, they must
be some height above the bank of the river,
and yon must have an embankment on each
side for nearly half a mile in order to get the
proper elevation of the bank and then carry
the bridge ofihe proper height to the center
of the river.
My conclusion is that a proper continuous-
span bridge can be built as cheaply as a safe
bridge with draws, and that it is much better
for the company because vessels descending
the river will get on to a draw-bridge in some
way or other and the companies will have suits
continually with the owners of boats and the
owners of cargoes. If you build a continuous-
span bridge of such a height that vessels can
pass under it from above and from below you
get clear of nearly all difficulties of litigation
arid all difficulties from negligence, some watch-
man not being in his place—and it is almost
impossible to keep them in place at all times—
and as the boats run through the night there
is great difficulty from this cause.
1 think the suggestion of the Senator from
Missouri as to an investigation by engineers to
ascertain whether the bridges across the Mis-
sissippi river should be draw-bridges or con-
tinuous-span bridges is very proper. I think
every bridge engineer will tell you that he can
make the one bridge just as well as he can make
the other. It is in the power of a good builder
to make a good job of either kind of bridge ;
but draw-bridges do not keep up like eont.inu-
ous-span bridges, and even if a continuous-span
bridge should cost a little more than the other,
in my judgment that expense is compensated
by saving after-troubles which the draw-bridge
would entail upon the company. If we had
had a charter allowing us to build the Louis-
ville bridge fifty feet above high-water mark I
think it is likely we should be at work now, or
if the law had allowed us to build it seventy
feet above low-water mark we should certainly
be at work this summer building the bridge.
I have not asked Congress to modify that law
because I left instructions for the prosecution
of the investigation and the obtaining of esti-
mates of the cost of the two kinds of bridges
and an examination of the ground, so that we
should know certainly what expense would be
required whichever mode we took. We have
a bridge with a draw at Nashville, and wehave
had multitudes of suits growing out of it, and
are having them every year. In high stages of
the water vessels are frequently no longer under
the power of steam; and they run against the
piers, and the owners of the boats seek to hold
the company liable.
I rather think that experience and investiga-
tion are in favor of continuous-span bridges.
My own 'opinion has changed since I had the
estimates made in relation to the bridge at
Louisville, and changed very materially, and I
am satisfied that a skillful engineer who takes
the whole subject into consideration, as well
cost now as trouble, vexation, and cost in the
future, will decide in favor of continuous-span
bridges.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 11, to
facilitate commercial, postal, and military com-
munication among the several States, upon
which the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
is entitled to the floor.
order 05 business.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will
postpone the consideration of the order of the
day and take up House joint resolution No.
127, proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the LTnited States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator make that motion?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the present and all prior orders be post-
poned, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the House resolution to amend
the Constitution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask that, the un-
finished business, which comes up at this hour,
be postponed to and made the special order
for to-morrow at one o'clock. Of course, I
do not wish to antagonize it with the motion
of my colleague.
The PRESIDENT 2 'o tempore. Does the
Senator move that as an amendment to the
motion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair,
then, will put the whole question as one motion.
It is moved thatthe presentandall priororders
be postponed, and that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the House resolu-
tion indicated by the Senator from Michigan,
and that the present order be postponed until
to-morrow at one o'clock and made thespecial
order at that time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe there was a
special order for to-day at one o'clock, made
sometime last week—the Colorado bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is true.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know that
the bill of which the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Chaxdler] has charge was the unfinished
business upon the adjournment of the Senate
yesterday afternoon. 1 thought it was laid
asiJe and the Senate proceeded to other busi-
ness, and .therefore it was not the business
before *the Senate at its adjournment, and
that the special order naturally came up this
morning.
The PRESIDENT protempore. AstheChaij
understands, the Senator from Maine was broken
off in his speech by a motion to go into exec-
utive session. Some other and informal busi-
ness was received by the unanimous conseni
of the Senate, but that bill was the unfinished
business of yesterday, and that, by the rule of
the Senate, takes precedence of a special order
assigned for the same hour; so that the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, House bill No. 11,
is in order at the present time. The Senator
from Michigan moves to postpone that bill until
to-morrow at one o'clock, and to make it the
special order for that time, and to proceed with
the House resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The special order, I
believe, was fixed by a two-thirds vote; can it
be overridden by a majority vote?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is not presented in that form precisely.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the effect of the
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the rule
of the Senate, the unfinished business takes
precedence of a special order fixed for the
same time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am aware of that fact.
I have no objection to taking the vote on post-
poning the bill which is the unfinished business;
but the motion to postpone the special order
ought to be a separate vote by itself, because
that special order for one o'clock to-day was
made by a two-thirds vote of the body. The
effect of this motion is to reverse the action
agreed upon by a two-thirds vote by a ma-
jority vote. Therefore I ask that the question
shall be divided, and the vote first taken on the
motion to postpone the present order.
Mr. TRtJMBULL. The Senator from In-
diana, I apprehend, is discussing a question not
before the Senate. The special order is not
before the Senate at all, and cannot eome up
except by unanimous consent. We have under
consideration the unfinished business of yes-
terday. The Senator from Michigan makes a
| motion to postpone that and all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up a particular sub-
ject. There can be but one subject before the
Senate at a time, and that is now the question.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the consent of my
colleague, I will ask that the bill which is the
unfinished business be laid over informally, so
that he may call up his joint resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then if the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Michigan is agreed to,
that is, that the unfinished business be post-
poned by unanimous consent for the present,
I presume thespecial order is before the body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is so.
Does the Senator from Michigan withdraw his
motion to postpone ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, he does; and
I ask that the unfinished business be laid aside
informally for the purpose of allowing my col-
league to take up the joint resolution he has
indicated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Michigan withdraws the motion, I renew it. I
move that the unfinished business of yesterday
and all other business be postponed for the
purpose of proceeding with the joint resolution
indicated by the Senator from Michigan who
made the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not intend to be un-
derstood as withdrawing my motion to post-
pone all other business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is still before the body, made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I ask for a divis-
ion of the question, that a vote be taken upon
the proposition to postpone and then a sepa-
rate vote on the business that shall occupy the
attention of the Senate after that postpone-
ment. I make the point that the special order
being established by a two-thirds vote, it can-
not be postponed by a majority vote to giv^
place to another piece of business.
