THE COJSTGrRESSIQNAL GLOBE.
February 14,
time this Convention was in session, and all
those States either had a constitution or a char-
ter in existence at that time, and if they had
meant something besides a Legislature eo nom-
ine, would they not have been likely to have said
so? You may go through the Constitution of
the United States and you will find the word
Legislature used some dozen or fifteen times,
and every time indicating it meant the same as
we mean in the history of this country, the
Legislature that originates under the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. ROGERS. Suppose the Legislature of
the State of Michigan should refuse to elect
Senators, how can we compel it to do so?
ME SCOFIELD. I do not know. My friend
from New Jersey might issue a mandamus on
them. It has nothing to do with this question.
Mr. SPALDINGr. I want to ask a question.
J desire to know if there be any objection to
the votes cast for the sitting member other than
those which appertain to their being soldiers in
camp away from home.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is all.
Mr. SPALDING. Would they have been
legal voters if at home ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, sir, every one of
them.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to ask a single
question. I wish to know whether, if the prop-,
osition the gentleman maintains be true, it docs
not involve the question that the constitution
of Michigan is itself unconstitutional so far as
the Constitution of the United States is con-
cerned ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It involves the question,
then, whether the Constitution of the United
States says that the Legislature shall fix the
places of holding elections. Now, if the con-
stitution of Michigan says it shall not do it, then
these two constitutions are in conflict. And I
suppose nobody, since the war, will say that the
State constitution is so sovereign that it over-
rides the Constitution of the United States. As
to the question to be settled, whether it is in
conflict or not, I refer the gentleman to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Dawes,] who
said yesterday that they were not in conflict. I
think they are, and, of course, I think the Con-
stitution of the United States is supreme, and
that that of Michigan must yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me one further question on this subject? Sup-
posing tlie State constitution had existed at the
time when this provision of the Constitution of
the United States was adopted, would that pro-
vision of the Federal Constitution annul the
provision of the Michigan constitution? Take
the case, for instance, of NewJcrsey, referred
to by our friend from that State, [Mr. Rogers,]
which had a constitution in existence prior to
the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States. Now, does it follow that the Constitu-
tion ofthe United States, subsequently adopted,
abdicates or annuls the constitution of the State
of New Jersey?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I take it that all State
constitutions are subordinate to the Constitu-
tion ofthe United States without regard to age.
Mi-. UPSON. Will the gentleman from Wis-
consin j'Mr. Eldridge] answer me this ques-
tion ? The constitution of Michigan prohibits
the Legislature from electing a Governor to the
United States Senate, and declares any such
vote void? Does the gentleman consider that
as one of the qualifications that the Constitu-
tion of the United States was intended to reg-
ulate ?
_ Mr. ELD RIDGE. I do not think that ques-
tion is involved in this discussion. The ques-
tion which I put to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofielh] I think he has not
undertaken to answer. But I wish to inquire I
further, whether the gentleman from Pennsyl- '
vania does hold that the adoption of the Con-
stitution ofthe United States may, by iu pro-
visions, annul a prion existing constitution of a
State.
Mi'. SCOFIELD. I believe I have already
answered thai it does not make any difference
how old the State constitution is.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania to yield to me five minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will.
Mr. DAVIS. The question seems to have
arisen" here as to the intention ofthe people of
this country in adopting the Federal Constitu-
tion, which is the organic law of the 'land,
whether they intended, in adopting the Consti-
tution of the United States, to detract from the
power of any State constitution. I am surprised
that in this day that question should be addressed
to any member upon this floor. What was the
very purpose of the adoption of our Federal
Constitution? The Confederation had been
tried, and it had failed. It was found that there
was not power enough in the Confederacy to
carry on the operations of the Government;
that the Legislatures of all the States held all
powers except those that had been delegated
through the Articles of Confederation to the
Government created by those articles; and when
they came to adopt the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the people of all the States, every-
where throughout the whole country, made that
the supreme law, and tookawayfromeveryState
constitution any power which conflicted in any
wise with the provisions of the Federal Con-
stitution. Therefore, when they said that the
Legislatures of each State should prescribe the
times, places, and manner of holding elections
of Senators and Representatives, thoy meant
that that power should be exercised by the State
Legislature. It was a power given to them by
the Constitution of the country, a power con-
ferred upon the State, to prescribe the manner,
the time, and the place in which those elections
should be held.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rog-
ers] asks whether it would be possible to com-
pel a State to cause this election ? Perhaps
not. The soutlfern States have already assumed
the ground that thej' ought not to be compelled
to do this. If they fail to do it they must suf-
fer the consequence. But their failure docs
not alter the operation ofthe law.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
for a single statement ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise simply to express
my surprise at the intimation which has been
thrown out here, that if the Legislature of any
State should fail to make provision for the elec-
tion of Representatives to this House Congress
has no power to remedy the default. Such an
idea utterly ignores a vitally important provis-
ion of the fourth section of the first article of
the Constitution, which declares that—
>" The timed, placcs, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time by law make or alter
Fueh regulations, oxoept as to the places of choosing
Senators."
Now, sir, the proceedings of the Convention
that framed the Constitution, the discussions
in the various State conventions which ratified
that instrument, and the action of the First
Congress of the United States, in 1789, when
an effort was made to restrict and practically
destroy, by constitutional amendment, this
supervisory power of Congress, combine to
show that the ultimate control of the Congress
of the United States over the elections for Rep-
resentatives in the various States was deemed
by the great men who framed the Constitu-
tion as of vital consequence, in order to enable
Congress to protect the people's right of suf-
frage and representation, and in an extreme
contingency to prevent the dissolution of the
Government. The proceedings to which I
have referred show clearly that the great ob-
ject in authorizing Congress to "make or alter
the regulations" in regard to the election of
Representatives was that, if any State or States,
by improper action or by refusal to act, should
attempt to deprive the people of their rightful
representation in tliis House, the Congress of
the United States, acting in this respect as the
ultimate guardian of the citizen, should inter-
pose with-controlling power to secure to the
people the right of suffrage and a just and
equal representation in the national councils.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not my purpose to bring
up that point for discussion to-day. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania the other day made
an argument on that subject, and I am content
with that. I pass it by. All I have to say is,
that the Legislature of each State has a duty
to perform under the Constitution, and that is,
to. prescribe the time, places, and manner in
which elections shall h.e held for Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
Now, I hold that if any conflict arises between
the Federal Constitution and any State consti-
tution, the State constitution is null and void,
for, if we have a nation in this country, the Con-
stitution of the Federal Government is supreme.
What has been done in this case? The con-
stitution of the State of Michigan, as I under-
stand, has not prescribed the time and places
and manner of holding elections in that State,
but it allows the Legislature to do it, and the
Legislature has done it. There is no conflict.
The Legislature of the State, in entire subordi-
nation to their own constitution, and without
conflict with it, prescribed the mode, time, and
places in which the election for Senators and
Representatives of the United States should
take place. They fixed the place of election
in the field, where I think they had the consti-
tutional power to do it. I think it is right to
exercise liberality in our judgment in eases of
this nature. By whom was this right of fran-
chise to be exercised? By the soldier who had
left his home and fireside to fight the battles of
the Union, and he had left behind him too many
men who were opposed to the interests and su-
premacy of "this Union. I will not consent,
unless I am compelled to it by convictions of
duty, to withhold from any soldier in the field
the right to protect his Government by his
ballot as well as his bayonet.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will now yield to my
colleague on the committee from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] for five minutes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, as
a member of the Committee of Elections I
thought, perhaps, it would not be amiss, even
after all the discussion that has occurred, for
me to allude to one or two propositions made
by my excellent colleague on the Committee of
Elections, [Mr. Marshall.]
One was this: he holds that where an act of
the Legislature fixes the camp as the placc of
holding the election that it is not a fixation of
the place within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Now, I suggest to
my friend that if he is right in that, then all the
laws of the several States—and there have been
quite a number of them doing this same thing
—are worthless, are void. My own State, the
great State of Pennsylvania, I believe the State
of New York, and quite a number of other
States, have done precisely that thing, to wit,
fixed the camp as the place of voting, anil that
was the only thing that could bo done from
the very nature of the case. If, therefore, this
House should give significance and force to
the suggestion of my learned friend, they would
be simply deciding that all these laws fixing
the places of soldiers voting are unconstitu-
tional, and that not only now, but in all the
future, we can never make it constitutional for
a soldier to vote, because we cannot fix the
place of voting. That is one point.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will tlie gentleman al-
low me one moment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If it is not an
intrusion on the House, I certainly will.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, I ask the gentle-
man to state, if a law providing that any citizen
of a State might vote at any place where he
might happen to be on the day of election,
would be a law prescribing a placc at all?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No, no: oh, no.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, then, let me ask
the gentleman another question: if any num-
ber of men, say a dozen or a hundred, in a regi-
ment shall vote at one place where they may
happen to be on the day of election, is that
fixing the place of election at all?
