1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will answer that
question in away peifeetly satisfactory. I think,
even !" my friend. Suppose that. the lav.- should
provide that the place of election in a given
county should be the court-house, of course the
court-house may be moved, here to-day, there
to-morrow, and in another place the next day.
It is an old axiom in law that that is certain
which can be made certain. The fixing of the
court-house is a fixation of the place, because
it can be made certain: and so here, when you
fix the camp of a given regiment as a place of
voting, it is a fixed place.
Mr. MARSHALL. Another question, then.
If an act was passed providing for taking the
vote of an elector at any place in the world,
where he might happen to be on the day of
election, is not that a fixing of the place just
as much as the other?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. We might get our-
selves into a maze of difficulties by supposing
unimaginable cases.
Mr. MARSHALL. Does not the gentleman
get himself into just such a trouble?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a correction of his statement in
regard to the laws of the State of Pennsylvania?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I shall deprive
myself of the opportunity of stating what frose
to state, if I am not permitted to finish my
statement.
Mr. J OHNSON. Very well, go on and make
misstatements.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. There is no im-
portance anyhow in what I said about Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the gentleman ought
not to have said it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is said, in addi-
tion, as an objection to the majority report of
this committee, that by the position we take we
override the constitutions of the several States,
and we thereby nullify the constitutions of the
States. Now, I submit, in reply to that sugges-
tion. that any position we can possibly take
■upon this subject will result in precisely the
same thing, because the Constitution of the
United States itself prescribes, in this same
clause, that the place that is fixed, whether it
be fixed by the State Legislature or the State
constitutional convention, may be altered by
act of Congress; so that a worse dilemma may
arise on the other side. They might rise here
and ask me, can you override the constitutions
of the States by" an act of Congress ? Why,
certainly you can.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me, it is not a question of overriding the con-
stitution of a State by act of Congress, but of
overriding the constitution of the State by the
Legislature of the State.
Mr. SCOFIELI). The legislation of the
Stale was in pursuance of the Constituiion of
the United States, and therefore it is an effort to
override the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. That is begging the whole
question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Now, I do not
know, nor is it necessary that I should know,
that I fully comprehend the suggestion made by
the chairman of the committee. [Mr. Dawes ;]
but I will answer any suggestion upon that
point by saying this: suppose the constitution
of my State should fix the^ county seat of my
county as the place of holding elections within
that county in ail coming time. Is it not obvi-
ous to ever\- one that although that provision
was in the constitution cf Ohio, yet it could be
altered by act of Congress, under the last part
of the clause in the Constitution of the United
States providing that Congress may alter the
times, places, and manner ot holding elections ?
Y\ ho will get up here and say that that cannot
be done? And yet the argument made on the
other side, that we are undertaking to ovenide
the constitution of the State, is exactly as de-
fective in the view I have now put as it is in the
other view; indeed, more so, because it might
be said with much more force that you shall
not be permitted by act of Congress to over-
ride the terms of the State constitution when
it might be overcome by the higher, the su-
preme provisions of the Constitution of the
United States.
Then these are the only two points that I
rose to notice: first, that the place of voting
is fixed wheiryou fix the camp where the regi-
ment or the soldier may be, as much as it can
be fixed in the nature of the case. And if you
hold that a more definite fixation of the place
is requisite, then you can never have a valid
soldiers' voting law under the Constitution of
the United States.
The other point is, that you do not override
the constitution of any State by providing that
the Legislature may change the places of voting
fixed by fhat constitutional law of the State;
because the provision of the Federal Constitu-
tion names the Legislatures of the States sim-
ply as the mere instrumentality for fixing the
places for elections of Federal officers.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think we have had de-
bate enough on this subject, and I now call for
a vote upon it.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Marshall to strike out all after the word
"resolved," in the following resolution, re-
ported by the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Rowland E. Trowbridgo is entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the fifth congressional
district in jUiokisan.
And to insert the following:
That Hon. Rowland E. Trowbridge is not entitled
to holdthe seat now occupied byhiminthis House as
a Representative from the State of Michigan.
R?t,olvcd, That Augustus C.Baldwin has been duly
elected as a Reprei-entative from the State of Michi-
gan to the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and is entitled to
a seat in this House.
Mr. MARSHALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 108, not voting
•±4 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bergen, Beyer, Chanlcr, Eldridge,
Finek, Olossbrenner, Uoodyear, Grider. Aaron liar-
dill^, llogan, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
LeBtond, Marshall, MeCullough.iNi black, Nicholson,
ltadford, Hitter. Rogeis. I to.--, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Strouse, Taber,Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, and Voor-
hees—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baker, Banks,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Bromwell, Broomali, Buekland, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Oonkiing. Cook, Barling, Davis, Bawes,
Defiees, Delano. Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
EL-kley, Eggle^ton, Ehot, Farqtthar, Ferry, Garfield,
fi rinnell, Hal e. Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby,
Hill. Holmes, Hooper, ilotehkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Dcmas Hubba-td, John H. Hubbard, James R.
Ilubbeli. Ifulbiu'd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kel-
ley. Kelso, Kereham, Kuykcndall, Latiin, George V.
Lawrence, Willinm Lawienee, Loan, Long} ear.
Lynch, Mar-ton, Marvin, McClnrg, MeKee, Mi tor,
Morrill, Munis, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine. l'help?. Pike. Plants, William II. Ran-
dall. Raymond, John H. Rice, Rollins, Roussoau,
Sawyer. Sehenek. Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Smith, Spalding. Stevens, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn. Ward, Warner, Etihti B. Washburne, Wil-
liam li. Washburn, Welker. Wentworth, Wlialey,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—IIS.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, .Tames M.Asliley, Baldwin, Barker, Blow,
Bontwetl, Rrandegee, Riooks, Dundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Cullom, Culver, Dawson, Jtenison, Dumont,
Earnsworth, Griswold, Harris, Henderson, Cliester
]). Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James Humphrey,
Jones, Kas-on, Latham, Melndoe, McRuer. Mercur,
Moorhe.id. ,\ oetl.Patterson. Peril tin.Pomeroy. Price,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Starr, Trow-
bndire, Robert T. Van Horn, Winiiuld, Woodbridge,
and Wright—-II.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the cull of the roll,
Mr. DAWSON stated that he had paired with
Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, and that Mr. Ax cox A
had paired with Mr. Mookiieah.
Mr. RADFORD stated that Mr. Wixnw.n
was absent on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. McInuou was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. BOYER stated that Mr. Axooxa was
absent on account of his continued illness.
The result wasthenanounced as above stated.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the re-solution reported by the committee.
Tho resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Elections the
following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of this House to Hon. A. C. Baldwin, contestant
of the right of Hon. "R. E. Trowbridge to a seat in tills
liousft the sum of SI,500, in full, for time expended
and expenses incurred in said contest.
There was no objection.
- Mr. SCOFIELD. I will only say that the
sum named in this resolution was unanimously
agreed upon by the committee as the amount
that should be properly paid to this contestant.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to know
whether this sum is the amount of the regular •
per diem and mileage.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The mileage and monthly
pay would be $1,500. We have fixed an even
sum.
Mr. STEVENS. I see no objection to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does this amount include
the monthly pay from the commencement of
the congressional term, or only for the session
of Congress ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Only for the session. It
includes three months' pay and mileage. I now
call the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask tho gentleman to
yield to me for a moment, that I may offer an
amendment. I desire to move to add after the
words " ftl,5O0" the words "and mileage."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will_yield to allow the
amendment to be offered, if it will be under-
stood, by unanimous consent, that the yeas and
navs shall not be called upon it.
Mr. SPALDING. I will call tho yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I cannot yield. I
am confident that the amendment would not
prevail
Mr. WARD. I give notice that I shall de-
mand the yeas and nays on the adoption of tho
resolution. I am opposed to tlie whole prin-
ciple of paying contestants.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist on the call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WARD. I call for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted : and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM SAWYER AND OTIIEKS, OF OHIO.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint resolu-
tion that it may be taken up and acted on at the
present time. Itpro\ides that the Secretary of
the Interior shall be authorized to appoint a
commissioner to reappraise the lands described
in an act entitled " An act for the relief of Wil-
liam Sawyer and others, of Ohio," approved
July 2, 18t3i, provided, however, that the occu-
pants of said lands shall pay the expenses of
reappraisement.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his objection, inasmuch as this is a matter
peculiar to our own State. If it is desirable to
him 1 will have it referred to tho Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask that tho resolution
be put on its passage.
Objection was made.
The joint resolution was then read a firstand
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
CHOLERA.
The SPEAKER laid before th« House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States
