430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
be authorized to hire a suitable building or
buildings for the temporary accommodation of
the Department of State, and that such sum
of money, not exceeding twenty-five thousand
dollars, as may be necessary towards defraying
the expense of such hiring, the transfer of the
public archives, and the fitting up of the build-
ing or buildings, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 3, 1866.
No. 66.—Joint Resolution to enable the Peo-
ple of the United States to participate in the
Advantages of the Universal Exhibition at
Paris, in eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Beitresolved bythe Senate and Mouse ofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, in order to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the universal exhibition
of the productions of agriculture, manufac-
tures, and the fine arts, to be held at Paris, in
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, the
following sums, or so much thereof as may be
necessary for the purposes severally specified,
are hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated :
First. To provide necessary furniture and
fixtures for the proper exhibition of the pro-
ductions of the United States, according to the
plan of the Imperial Commissioners, in that
part of the building exclusively assigned to the
use of the United States, forty-eight thousand
dollars.
Secondly. To provide additional accommo-
dations in the park, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
Thirdly. For the compensation of the prin-
cipal agent of the Exhibition in the United
States, at the rate of two thousand dollars a
year: Provided, That the period of such ser-
vice shall not extend beyond sixty days after
the close of the Exhibition, four thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be found
necessary.
Fourthly. For office rent at New York, for
fixtures, stationery, and advertising; for rent
of store-house for reception of articles and
products j for expenses of shipping, including
cartages, &c.; for freights on the articles to be
exhibited from New York to Fiance, and
for compensation of four clerks, in conformity
■with the joint resolution approved on the fif-
teenth of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, and for contingent expenses, the sura of
thirty-three thousand seven hundred dollars,
or so much thereof as may be found necessary.
Fifthly. For expenses in receiving, bond-
ing, storage, cartage, labor, and so forth, at
Havre ; for railway transportation from Havre
to Paris; for labor in the palace; for sweep-
ing and sprinkling compartments for seven
months; for guards, and keepers for seven
months; for linguists (eight men) for seven '
months; for storing, packing-boxes, carting, j
and for material for paeking ; for elerk hire, sta- |
tionery, rent, and contingent expenses, the sum !
of thirty-five thousand seven hundred and three
dollars, or so much thereof as may be found
necessary.
Sixthly. For the traveling expenses of ten
professional and scientific commissioners, to be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, at the rate
of one thousand dollars each, ten thousand
dollars, it being understood that the President
may appoint additional commissioners, not ex-
ceeding twenty in number, whose expenses
shall not be paid ; but no person interested,
directly or indirectly, in any article exhibited
shall be a commissioner; nor shall any mem-
ber of Congress, or any person holding an ap-
pointment or office of honor or trust under the !
United States be appointed a commissioner,
agent, or officer under this resolution.
Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved, That the
Governors of the. several States be, and they
are hereby, requested to invite the patriotic
people of their respective States to assist in
the proper representation of the handiwork of
our artisans, and the prolific sources of mate-
rial wealth with which our land is blessed, and
to take such further measures as may be neces-
sary to diffuse a knowledge of the proposed
exhibition, and to secure to their respective
States the advantages which it promises.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That it
shall be the duty of the said general agent at
New York, and the said commissioner general
at Paris, to transmit to Congress, through the
Department of State, a detailed statement of
the manner in which such expenditures as are
hereinbefore provide[d] for are made by them
respectively.
Approved, July 5, 1806.
No. 69.—A Resolution to authorize the Presi-
dent to place at the Disposal of the Author-
ities of Portland, Maine, Tents, Camp, and
Hospital Furniture and Clothing, for the
Use of Families rendered houseless by the
late Fire.
Resolved bythe Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States is hereby authorized to place at
the disposal, without charge, of the city au-
thorities of Portland, Maine, such clothing,
condemned or ordered sold, and such surplus
camp and garrison equipage, bedding, and hos-
pital furniture, on hand, as can be spared by
the Army, for the use of families rendered
houseless and destitute by the recent confla-
gration; and that it shall be the duty of the
quartermaster's department to deliver these
articles at Portland, and to take a receipt for
the same of the mayor of the said city, and to
receive and properly dispose of the same when
no longer needed.
Approved, July 14, 1866.
No. 73.—Joint Resolution restoring Tennessee
to her Relations to the Union.
Whereas, in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, the government of the State of Ten-
nessee was seized upon and taken possession
of by persons in hostility to the United States,
and the inhabitants of said State in pursuance
of an act of Congress were declared to be in
a state of insurrection against.the United States;
and whereas said State government can only
be restored to its former political relations in
the Union by the consent of the law-making
power of the United States; and whereas the
people of said State did, on the twenty-second
day of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, by a large popular vote, adopt and ratify
a constitution of government whereby slavery
was abolished, and all ordinances and laws of
secession and debts contracted under the same
were declared void; and whereas a State gov-
ernment has. been organized under said con-
stitution which has ratified the amendment to
the Constitution of the United States abolish-
ing slavery, jilso the amendment proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and has done other
acts proclaiming and denoting loyalty: There-
fore,
Be it resolved bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the State of Tennes-
see is hereby restored to her former proper,
practical relations to the Union, and is again
entitled to be represented by Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
Approved, Julv 24, 1800.
No. 67.—Joint Resolution declaratory of the
Law of Bounty.
Be it resolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That where any enlisted
man has been or may be detailed for duty as a
elerk or for any other duty in any executive bu -
reau, at headquarters or elsewhere, he shall not
by such detail be deprived of any rights to boun-
ties now due or hereafter t.o become due, but
shall be as fully entitled thereto as though no
such detail had been made.
Approved, July 13,1866.
No. 74.—Joint Resolution in regard to Ra-
tions of Union Soldiers held as Prisoners
of War.
"Whereas, by general order of the War De-
i partment of February fourteenth, eighteen
' hundred and sixty-two, rations to Union sol-
diers held as prisoners of war in the rebel
States, were_commuted at a cost price during
the period of their imprisonment; and whereas
a large number of the said prisoners have been
paid under said order, but many equally worthy
with them and who have suffered in rebel pris-
ons, have not been so paid: Therefore,
Be itresolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
,! resentatives of the United States of America in
| j Congress assembled, That all United States
j soldiers, sailors, and marines who were held
" as prisoners of war in the rebel States, shall
be paid commutation of rations at cost prices
during the period of their imprisonment: Pro-
vided, That no person who has sold or trans-
ferred any interest in the claim for said com-
mutation, nor any purchaser or assignee of
such claim or interest, shall be benefited by
this resolution; and the amount of such com-
mutation shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 2o, 1866.
j No. 75.—Joint Resolution in reference to the
| Dismal Swamp Canal Company.
I _ Whereas the United States are interested
! in the Dismal Swamp canal, connecting the in-
land^ waters of the Chesapeake with the sounds
of North Carolina, by holding eight hundred
shares of the stock of the Dismal Swamp Canal
Company; and whereas the canal should be
kept open as a navigable highway without fur-
ther outlay on the part of the United States:
Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in.
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be. and hereby is, authorized to sell
said stock at auction, or otherwise, in such
manner as will best protect the interest of the
United States in said canal, and will insure that
the same will be kept open as such navigable
highway, without further expense to the Gov-
ernment: Provided, That the instruments and
papers effecting such sale, in the manner afore-
said, shall bo approved by the Attorney Gen-
eral before the delivery thereof.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
No. 76.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings to employ three
additional Watchmen in the Smithsonian
Grounds.
Beitresolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds be, and the same
is hereby, authorized to employ three additional
watchmen for the Smithsonian grounds.
Approved, July 2o, 1866.
No. 77.—A Resolution to authorize the Pur-
chase for the Library of Congress of the Law
Library of James L. Petigru, of South Caro-
lina.
Resolved bythe Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Joint Committee
on the Library be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized to purchase the law library belonging
to the estate of the late James Louis Petigru,
for the use of the Library of Congress; and the
sum of five thousand dollars is hereby appro-
