846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
transmitting, for the consideration of Congress,
correspondence between the Secretary of State
and the minister of France accredited to this
Government, and also other papers, relative to
an international conference at Constantinople
on the subject of cholera; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER also appointed the following
as the select committee ori a Bureau of Educa-
tion ordered by the House:
Messrs. Garfield of Ohio, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Botttwelloi Massachusetts,.
Randall of Pennsylvania, Donnelly of Min-
nesota, Motjlton of Illinois, and Goodyear
of New York.
tax on distilled spirits.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That, in the judgment of this House, the
internal duty or tax on distilled spirits ought not to
be reduced.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object.
bankrupt bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 7) to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States.
The eleventh section was pending when the
House passed from the consideration of the bill
on Friday last.
The pending amendment, moved by Mr.
Hotchkiss, was as follows:
Strike out in lines thirty-six and thirty-seven of
section eleven the words "marshal of said district:"
in line thirty-seven the words "as messenger;" in
lines forty and forty-one the words " until the ap-
pointment of an assignee;" and insert at the end of
line thirty-six the following:
General assignee in bankruptcy residing in the
county where such bankrupt resided at the time of
filing his petition: and thereupon the estate of such
bankrupt shall vest absolutely in such assignee for
thepurposesof this act; and tlie district judge of each
district shall appoint a general assignee in bank-
ruptcy for each county within his district, who shall
be a resident ofthe county forwhichheisappointed,
and shall give such bond as shall be required by such
judge, and shallbe an officer of the court, andsubjeet
to its rules and orders.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conklino] is entitled to the floor
on a pro forma amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, the object
of the amendment pending is to improve one
of the sections of this bill. If I could get some
of the lawyers around me to attend to it I would
like to inform them what the section is. It
provides in every case of voluntary bankruptcy
an assignee shall be appointed to administer
the bankrupt's estate; and it provides also that
in every one of these cases a deputy marshal
shall intervene for a mere preliminary purpose.
My point is, that the interposition of a marshal
is quite unnecessary, that it necessitates an
expense which is useless, and the creation of
a largo number of officers entirely useless.
I say, in answer to a suggestion made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Allby,]
that my argument is not at all in favor of offi-
cial assignees, but my point is, that the as-
signee which, under the section as it stands, is
to be appointed in every case should, from the
outset, be present and take charge of the es-
tate, thus dispensing with the necessity for a
deputy marshal. Now, there is but one objec-
tion to this which any one has struck, and that
is, that the creditors will not be able, in the first
instance, to select the assignee; that the trus-
tees will not be nominated by the cestui/ que,
trust. In my judgment, that is no objection
whatever to the matter. Under the section as
it stands, a friendly and managing creditor will
be quite apt to manage and control the pro-
ceedings in nine cases out of ten. So, if the
section as amended gives to the court the power
to appoint an assignee at once, and then to
change it upon cause shown, two objects will
be accomplished; first, the marshal and this
cloud of deffuties will be dispersed; and sec-
ond, the creditors will be assured of an assignee
proper, active and acceptable to them, because,
if the court makes a mistake, a change will be
made on their suggestion.
Now, to my mind it is entirely clear that the
whole purpose may be accomplished by allow-
ing the assignee to be appointed, to begin with,
to act as messenger and as assignee, and the
glaring objection to this section at the same
time can be avoided. I make this suggestion
in friendship to this bill, for I would like to
vote for a good bankrupt law—not an insolvent
law, not a law which will sponge out debts and
last till that is done and then be repealed ; but
a law which will take its place as part of the per-
manent commercial system of the country. If
we can have that, I shall be very glad for one
to give it my vote. And I suggest, with great
respect to the committee, that they may make
a mistake in adhering too strongly to all the
technical parts of this bill.
The objection which I now seek to enforce
comes to me from judges and from lawyers who
understand this subject thoroughly, and from
one lawyer especially—I might say it without
disrespect to this committee—who knows as
much about this subject as any gentleman who
will take part in this discussion. He thinks,
and others think, that this section is exceed-
ingly objectionable. I agree that it is, and I
suggest to the committee whether, without
adopting necessarily the idea of an official as-
signee, they had not better dispense with a pro-
vision which, for the reason I have indicated,
and which I would indicate more at length if
I had time, is, I submit, unnecessarily objec-
tionable.
The SPEAKER. Debate is now exhausted
on the amendment to strike out the last lino,
and that amendment, the Chair understands, is
withdrawn.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to strike out the last
two lines, for the purpose of replying to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxkling.]
It seems to me, and I think it will to every
one who reflects upon this subject, that the
objection of the gentleman from New York is
based upon a misapprehension of the duties of
this person called a messenger. There must
be an intermediate time between the filing of a
petition in bankruptcy, whether a voluntary
petition or a petition in invitem, by the credit-
ors before adjudication, by consent, by a regis-
ter, or by the court upon hearing, and the  
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman yield
while I correct a statement he is making? The
section under consideration provides that the
filing of the petition shall be an act of bank-
ruptcy in and of itself, and that, therefore, the
party shall be declared bankrupt. "When that
petition is filed the judge is obliged to decree
him a bankrupt.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield no further. The
gentleman convinces me more and more that
he is mistaken. The person who files the pe-
tition may be adjudicated a bankrupt, it is true;
but what is to become of his property between
that time and the time of the appointment of
the assignee?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The assignee is ap-
pointed in advance.
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. If the gentleman will
read my amendment and say that it is not so,
I will withdraw it.
Mr. JENCKES. I understand that. The
principal merit of this bill, in the opinion of the
committee, if there is any merit in it, is this:
that the debtor and creditors may act together,
and that the creditors appoint the assignee and
not the debtor, subject to the approval of the
court: and the business of these messengers is
simply to perform the preliminary business re-
quired—to take custody of the property, give
the notices, and see that the meeting of the
creditors is held.
Mr. CONKLING. "Why should not the court
appoint the assignee?
Mr. JENCKES. Because insolvency is a
matter between debtor and creditor, and if they
can arrange it, the court should simply indorse
what they agree to. If they cannot, then it is
for the court to interfere. Now, the duties of
messengers are to take possession of the books,
papers, and property of the bankrupt. The
next step is to call the creditors together, and as
soon as they meet the duties of the messenger
are at an end; because the first duty of the
creditors^when they assemble is to nominate an
assignee who will be confirmed by the court, if
a proper person, if not, the court will appoint
an assignee.
Now, the gentleman says that this appoints
new officers. Not a single one. Supposing
there is an official assignee; he would have to
send the clerk or messenger or some one in his
employment to take possession of the property.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman allow
me to state what I am talking about? I am not
advocating an official assignee.
Mr. JENCKES. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the gentleman
mean by telling this House that this does not
provide for the creation of new officers?
Mr. JENCKES. Not one. There mustbo
some person to do this duty, must there not? I
ask the gentleman the question as a lawyer.
Mr. CONKLING. If the assignee is to do
it no one else is required to do it.
Mr. JENCKES. But the assignee cannot
be appointed till nominated by the creditors.
Mr. CONKLING. That is begging the whole
question. He can be, and should be.
Mr. JENCKES. That is another question.
If the gentleman wishes the court to appoint
an official assignee, let him say so. That is
the precise objection to all previous systems of
bankruptcy.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the gentleman mean
to say, as a lawyer, that if the court designates
an assignee, that of itself makes him the official
assignee ?
Mr. JENCKES. No; but if, when the cred-
itors meet, they remove that assignee, if the
creditors have the power to do that, the person
the gentleman calls an assignee is but a tem-
porary assignee, and performs simply the duties
of a messenger.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, that obviates the
necessity of all these public officers.
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Surely it does.
Mr. JENCKES. The reason for calling him
a deputy marshal is to get the advantage of the
marshal's bond and not to intrust the property
of the debtor to a person who is not responsi-
ble for it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Rhode Island. I
do not want anything stricken out or putin, or
anything to pass. I think the most unpopu-
lar law the Congress of the United States ever
passed was the last bankrupt bill. It killed a
party, and I do not want a party, a good, re-
spectable party, to be killed by another such law.
[Laughter.] I do not think you could find any
law ever passed or that could be passed so
unpopular in an agricultural community a"s a
bankrupt law. I should not have much objec-
tion to one applyingto the cities, although, gen-
erally speaking, an honest insolvent there can
always geta liberal arrangement and compound
with his creditors.
Mr. JENCKES. Never.
Mr. STEVENS. But this is not the time,
when all rebeldom is in debt to us, to pass a
law to free them from their debts. It is the
last dav 011 earth 
Mr. JENCKES. I call the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order. He is not speaking
to my amendment or to the subject before the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought the gentleman
had moved to strike out the last three lines and
I was opposing that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is taking
an opportunity to make remarks to which no
reply can be made.
