1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (J.B5KE.
431
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
priated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to carry into effect the
purpose of this resolution, to be paid only to
the use of the widow of the said Petigru.
Approved July 25, 1866.
No. 79.—A Resolution manifesting the Sense
of Congress towards the Officers and Seamen
of the Vessels, and others, engaged in the
Rescue of the Officers and Soldiers of the
Army, the Passengers, and the Officers and
Crew of the Steamship San Francisco, from
perishing with the Wreck of that Vessel.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Presideut of the
United States be requested to procure three
valuable gold medals, with suitable devices,
one to be presented to Captain Creighton, of
the ship Three Bells, of Glasgow; one to Cap-
tain Low, of the bark Kilby, of Boston; and
one to Captain Stouffer, of the ship Antarc-
tic, as testimonials of national gratitude for their
gallant conduct in rescuing about five hundred
Americans from the "wreck of the steamship
San Francisco; and that the cost of the same
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further resolved, That the
sum of seven thousand five hundred dollars
each is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the above-named captains respectively, as a
reward of their humanity and heroism in the
rescue of the survivors of said wreck, and in
case either of the said captains may have died,
then the amount hereby appropriated shall be
paid to the widow of said deceased captain re-
spectively ; if no widow surviving then to the
respective child or children of such deceased
captain ; and in the event of their being no
child or children of such deceased captain sur-
viving, then the amount hereby appropriated
shall be paid first to the father, or, if the father
be not living, then to the mother of such de-
ceased captain respectively.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That
there shall be paid to each mate of the three
above-named vessels the sum of five hundred
dollars, and to each man and boy the sum of
one hundred dollars, and in case of the death
of the respective mate or mates, or men and
boys, that the said respective sums shall be
paid in the same way and under the same con-
ditions as the payment is to be made in case of
the death of the respective captains.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
No. 80.—A Resolution to authorize the Use of
certain Plates of the United States Explor-
ing Expedition by the Navy Department.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Joint Committee
on the Library be authorized and instructed to
gram to t.he Navy Department the use of such
of the engraved plates of the United States
exploring expedition under Captain Wilkes,
now in charge of said committee, as may he
desired for the purpose of printing a supply of
charts for the use of said Department.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
No. 81.—A Resolution for the Benefit of the
Illinois Soldiers' College and Military Acad-
emy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized to transfer to the Illinois Sol-
diers' College and Military Academy, from the
surplus on hand and not needed for the public
service, cots and bedding necessary to accom-
modate five hundred persons for the use of free
students in said institution disabled by the war.
Approved, July 26, 1860.
No. 82.—A Resolution authorizing the Pay-
ment of certain Claims against the late Ter-
ritory of Nevada.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle and pay outstand-
ing claims duly examined and allowed, and
properly chargeable to the contingent expenses
of the executive department of the Territory
of N evada, so much of the unexpended balance
of the appropriation for "compensation and
mileage of members of the Legislative Assem-
bly, &c., of the Territory of Nevada," as may
be found necessary for that purpose, be, and
the same is hereby, transferred to the credit
of the fund for paying the contingent expenses
of the executive department of that Territory,
and that the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury are hereby authorized and directed,
out of the said balance, hereby directed to be
transferred, to pay the claims so adjusted and
allowed.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
No. 83.—A Resolution to provide for codifying
the Laws relating to the Customs.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the !
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and ;
directed to cause to be prepared and submitted |
to Congress at its next session, under the di-
rection of one member of the Senate and one
member of the House of Representatives, each
to be appointed by the Presiding Officer of the
body to which he belongs, a general customs
revenue law, designed to supersede all other
laws on that subject, and embracing all neces-
sary provisions for regulating the foreign and
coasting trades, the assessment and collection
of duties on goods, wares, and merchandise j
imported from foreign countries, and other
subject-matters immediately pertaining thereto;
the expenses necessarily incurred in the prep-
aration thereof to be paid from the appropria-
tion for the expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs: Provided, That the said ex-
penses shall not exce[e]d ten thousand dollars.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
No. 84.—A Resolution providing for the Ex-
amination of the Accounts of the State of
Massachusetts for Monqys expended during
the War for Coast Defense.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
and requested to appoint, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, two commis-
sioners who shall examine into the claim of
the State of Massachusetts for moneys expended
for coast defense during the war, and shall make
a full and complete report thereon to Congress
at its next session.
Approved, July 26,^1866.
No. 85.—A Resolution granting the Right of
Way through Military Reserves to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company and its Branches.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, subject to approval
by the President, the right of way, one hundred
feet, in width, is hereby granted to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company and the companies
constructing the branch roads connecting there-
with, forthe construction and operation of their
roads over and upon all military reserves
through which the same may pass ; and the
President is hereby authorized to set apart to
the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division, twenty acres of the Fort Riley military
reservation, for depot and other purposes, in
the bottom opposite "Riley City;'1 also frac-
tional section "one" on the west side of said
reservation, near Junction City, for the same
purposes; and also to restore, from time to time,
to the public domain, any portion of said mil-
itary reserve over which the Union Pacific rail-
road, or any of its branches, may pass, and
which shall not be required for military par-
poses : Provided, That the President shall not
permit the location of any such railroad' or the
diminution of any such reserve in any manner
so as to impair its usefulness for military pur-
poses, so long as it shall be required therefor.'
Approved, July 26, 1866.
No. 86.—Joint Resolution amendatory of a
Joint Resolution entitled "A Resolution re-
specting Bounties to Colored Soldiers, and
the Pensions, Bounties, and Allowances to
their Heirs," approved June 15, 1866.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the words "at the
time of his enlistment," at the end of section
one of the "resolution respecting bounties to
colored soldiers, and the pensions, bounties,
and allowances to their heirs," approved June
fifteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be, and
the same are hereby, stricken out.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further resolved, That when-
ever application shall be made by any claimant
for bounty under the provisions of the joint res-
olution aforesaid, by or through any agent or
attorney, such agent or attorney shall hereafter
be required to file with each claim his oath or
affirmation that he has no interest whatever in
said bounty beyond the fees for collection of
the same, which are hereby fixed and estab-
lished as follows, viz: for the preparation and
prosecution of claims for, and the collection
and remittance of, all sums not exceeding fifty
dollars, the sum of five dollars; for all sums
exceeding fifty and less than one hundred dol-
lars, the sum of seven dollars and fifty cents;
and for all sums exceeding one hundred dol-
lars, the sum of ten dollars; and said fees shall
include all expenses incident to the collection
of said claims, except the expense of the ne-
cessary affidavits and notarial or other acknowl-
edgments, which shall be defrayed by the claim-
ant ; and any agent or attorney who shall charge,
directly or indirectly, in any case, a greater sum
for his services in preparing and prosecuting
said claims and collecting and remitting the
amount due, shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and shall, upon conviction, be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding three thousand nor
less than one thousand dollars, and shall be
forever excluded from prosecuting military or
naval claims against the Government.
Sec. 8. And be it further resolved, That in
case the payments shall be made in the form
of a check, order, or draft upon any paymas-
ter, national bank, or Government depository,
it shall be necessary for the claimant to estab-
lish, by the affidavits of two credible witnesses,
that he is the identical person named therein;
but in no case shall such checks, orders, or
drafts be made negotiable until after such
identification.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That it
shall not be lawful for any soldier to transfer,
assign, barter, or sell his discharge, for the
purpose of transferring, assigning, bartering,~
or selling any interest in any hounty under the
provisions of said resolution; and all such trans-
fers, assignments, barters, or sales heretofore
made are hereby declared null and void as to
any rights intended so to be conveyed by any
such soldier.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
No. 87.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
certain Officers of the Army.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That in every case in which
a commissioned officer actually entered on duty
