1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2871
Mr. JOHNSON. That is certainly not my
purpose. If I had designed to defeat the bill,
I should have tried it by ail open warfare and
not by a guerrilla warfare. The honorable
member might as well apply that suspicion to
the member from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. Oh! don't bring tne in.
Mr. JOHNSON. " Misery likes company."
[Laughter.] All I want to do is to guard
against giving to these companies the right to
charge whatever they may think proper, and
to limit them to a charge in the nature of a
quantum meruit. They are all now limited in
their tolls, and the whole effect of the amend-
ment is to say that for the duties they are to
perform under this act they shall not exceed
the rates of compensation fixed by the State
law—that is all; not to say that they shall
not be compensated. To apply it to the case
which the honorable member seems to suppose
is the only case to which the bill applies—but
that is a great mistake, for it applies to all the
roads in the country—the Amboy railroad in
New Jerscy is authorized to charge a certain rate
of tolls for carrying passengers and for carry-
ing freight; any other company there who may
be authorized, if it connects with the Amboy
road, to carry freight or carry passengers
through, are to be limited to the same rate, or
if the Amboy road is to take the freight and
the passengers from the termination of the
connecting road, they shall not be at liberty to
charge more than their charters authorize. I
assure the honorable member I have not the
slightest desire to defeat the bill by any such
movement as this.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 15.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Maryland thatl presume no objec-
tion will be made to his amendment if he will
add the words "in all cases where the State
laws prescribe the rates."
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see the object of
the amendment. Of course we do not say in
this law that these companies may charge higher
than the rates allowed by their charters; and
those laws of course would control in this mat-
ter. We have not undertaken to abrogate those
laws by any language I can see in this bill.
There is nothing in this bill to be so construed.
Mr. JOHNSON. If that is so the honorable
member ought to vote for the amendment so as
to make it clear and certain.
Mr. STEWART. I think it is clear now.
Mr. JOHNSON". It may be contended, and
has been contended, that Congress has the au-
thority of itself to construct roads or to author-
ize roads already constructed to carry on com-
merce between the States; and it may therefore
be said that when Congress attempts to do that,
and authorizes the charging of compensation
without saying how the compensation may be
regulated, they may charge whatever compen-
sation they may think proper to ask and the
public may be willing to submit to. The whole
effect of the amendment is to limit them in their
charges of compensation to the charges to which
they are restricted by their respective charters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would like to ask the
honorable Senator from Maryland whether the
charter of the Delaware andRaritan Bay Rail-
road Company—I believe that is the name—
provides rates of toll which it is authorized by
law to take.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know. I never
saw the charter.
Mr. CRESWELL. I judge it does for the
purposes of the several roads of which that
road is composed — certainly for local pur-
poses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This hill provides, of
course, for through transportation. It has no
effect to operate upon internal commerce, and
ought not to have any, because that beiongs to
the State; but for through transportation across
one State, between two others, it does provide.
Now,then, unless the charterof anyroad which
may come within the provisions of this bill does
provide rates of compensation, if the amend-
ment which is proposed by the Senator from
Maryland is adopted the company will be re-
stricted to taking in effect no compensation at
all, because it is limited to what is authorized
by that particular State, and that particular
State does not happen to authorize any. If I
understand the regulations in New Jersey, this
particular line of road which it is sought to
open to inter-State commerce has no lawful
authority at all for any price to carry through
passengers and through freight, and it is de-
sired to give that lawful authority and to allow
it to receive a reasonable compensation. I am
very much afraid, indeed—I dare say it is not
the object of it—that the adoption of this amend-
ment would be the substantial defeat of the
object which it is desirable to accomplish.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Creswell, Da-
vis, Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson.
Hendricks, Johnson, Morrill, Norton, Kiddle, Sauls-
bury, Van Winkle, and Wiiley—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Edmunds, Grimes, Howard, Howe, Lane of
Indiana, Morgan, Nye, Poland, Pumeroy, Itamsey,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cragin, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Kirkwood, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nes-
mith, Sprague, Trumbull, Williams, Wright, and
Yates—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. CRESWELL. I renew the motion which
I made, and which was acted on yesterday in
committee, when the Senate was not at all full,
which I deem important to this bill. It is to
insert as a new section:
Sec. 2. Ami be it further enacted, That Congress
may at any time alter, amend, or repeal this act.
The only object of this amendment is to
retain in the future the entire control over this
system of legislation. We are about entering
on a now field ; we are not apprised as to what
may be the precise results of this kind of legis-
lation, how it may affect commerce, how it
may affect the great railroad and transporting
interest of the country, and this amendment
simply proposes to retain in the hands of Con-
gress as against any interest, vested or other-
wise, which may be created by this bill, the
right hereafter to control it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not the slightest
objection to the Senator's amendment. 1 do
not think it has any effect one way or the other;
but I have no objection to it. Congress has
the power which this amendment calls for, any
way.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the amendments be engrossed
and the bill be read the third time?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill read as it now stands amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States con-
fers upon Congress in express terms the power to reg-
ulate commerce among the several States, to estab-
lish post roads, and to raise and support armies:
Therefore,
Be it enacted, &c„ That £very railroad company m
the United States, whose road is operated by steam, its
successors and assigns, be, and is hereby, authorized
to carry upon and over its road, boats, bridges, and
ferries, all passengers, troops, Government supplies,
mails, freight, and property on their way from any
State to another State, and to receive compensation
therefor, and to connect with roads of other States so
as to form continuous lines for the transportation of
the same to the place of destination: Provided, That
this act shall not affect any stipulation between the
Government of the United States and any railroad
company for transportation or fares without com-
pensation, nor impair or change the conditions im-
posed by the terms of any act granting lands to any
such company to aid in the construction of its road:
nor shall it be construed to authorize any railroad
company to build any new road or connection with
toy other road without authority from the State m
which such railroad or connection may be proposed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That Congress may
at any time alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
see any object whatever in passing this bill as
it now stands. I have been disposed to vote
for the bill, and will do so yet, but I cannot for
the life of me see now what power it would
confer upon any railroad company. As I un-
derstand it now, the companies will have such
power as the States give them, and no more.
really do not see any object in passing the
bill in that shape. If Senators can show me
that this bill confers upon any existing cor-
poration any right that it does not have under
the State charter, I should like to know what
it is. I am familiar with railroad chartersand
railroad laws, and I want additional powers, if
possible, conferred on certain railroad compa-
nies, so as to expedite the transportation of
supplies and goods from one part of the coun-
try to another. I am very much in favor of
tire object of the bill, but it seems to me that
it has been so garbled and destroyed that it is
now of no account.
Mr. MORRILL. The bill is undoubtedly
shorn of one of its features, which was the
objectionable feature to me. A company can-
not do what was undertaken to be done by the
bill originally without the consent of the State
authorities. That was the chief objection to
the bill in my mind. It can do now all that it
could have done before with the consent of
the States. That is all thgre is of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Could they not do this
at any rate without this bill?
Mr. MORRILL. Without the consent of
the States, of course there was no authority in
the General Government by which the tiling
could be done at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has exam-
ined the bill, and I ask him what power it gives
to any railroad corporation not conferred by
the charter of the State.
Mr. MORRILL. As against the State?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, and against any-
body.
Mr. MORRILL. As against the State, none
at all.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot say what was de-
signed by the framers of the bill; but it seems
to me that the bill now secures all that its
friends say that it was intended to secure, that
is, the right to carry freight, passengers, troops,
Government supplies, mails, &c., over the
road. That it does now. The amendment
which was adopted on my motion simply pro-
vides that you shall not enter into a State and
build a new road or a new connection without
the consent of the State. I understood the
object of the bill outside to be to authorize
some railroad in New Jersey to carry freight,
mails, and supplies which now was prohibited
from carrying them. If there is any force in
such legislation, this bill now authorizes them
to do that just as much as before the amend-
ment was put there. The amendment has not
touched the main features of the bin; it has
simply put on it a guard that you shali not
build a new road in any State without getting
the consent of the State. It seems to me it
has power enough, though some of its friends
seem to think it has not.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I desire, what the
people of the country desire, is some power in
the General Government to prevent a State
from lying in the path of a great public im-
provement demanded by the United States. I
can state a case. Ohio is an agricultural State ;
the chief value of its products depends upon
getting a market on the sea-board in the New
England and middle States. By the policy of
the State of Pennsylvania all the railroad power
of that State is concentrated in one great cor-
poration, with an annual income now of from
fifteen to seventeen million dollars. The State
of Ohio has thrown open its territory, and all
the western States have thrown open their ter-
ritory, to the building of vast nets of railway,
intended to benefit the West and the East also.
The great State of Pennsylvania, stretching from
Lake Erie almostto the southern border of Ohio,
lies there in the way. controlling and preventing
the commerce of this great country from going
