186(5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
Mr. STEVENS. I am speaking against strik-
ing anything out.
Mr. JEXCKES. Well, I call the gentleman
to onler.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, but at the same time the Chair
must state that the gentleman from Rhode
Island did not confine his remarks very closely
to his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not understand what
he was talking about. [Laughter.]
Mr. JENCKES. I know you did not.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman did not talk
about his amendment, I am sure ; however, if
the Chair thinks I am out of order, of course I
will not persist.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the amendment, which is to strike
out the last three lines,
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, I do not think
the House ought to strike out these lines, be-
cause the gentleman from Rhode Island thinks
that would improve the bill, and I do not think
the bill ought to be improved. [Laughter.]
Mr. JEN CKES. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Hotcixkirs's
amendment, and being put, there were—ayes
31, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Hotcii-
kiss and Jexckeh were appointed.
The House divided; andtlietellers reported—
ayes 32, noes GO.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. [ move further to amend this
eleventh section, by inserting after the close of
the forty-ninth line the words, "and stating the
names and residences of the creditors, and the
amounts of their respective debts, so far as the
same arc stated in the petition or schedule of
the debtor; " so that that portion of the section
will read, as follows:
Pend written or printed notice, by mail or other-
wise, to all creditors upon the schedule filed with the
debtor's petition, or whose names may be given to
him. iu addition, by the debtor, and to give such per-
gonal or other notice to any persons concerned as the
warrant specifies; which notice shall state:
First. That a warrantm bankruptcy has been issued
against the estate of the debtoi: and stating the names
and residences of Hie cieditors, nnd the amounts of
their respective debts, so far as the same are stated in
the petition or schedule of the debtor.
Mr. Speaker. I think the purpose of this
amendment will at once be manifest to any
gentleman who is acquainted %|ith this bill. It
is in effect requiring that when the notices in
bankruptcy are served, each creditor shall be
informed of the names and residences of those
who stand in the same relation with himself to
the estate of the debtor. It was, 1 think, a ma-
terial defect in the former bankrupt bill that it
omitted to give such information. It seems to
me that it is in the highest degree proper and
desirable that whenever a bankrupt issues no-
tices, or whenever notices are issued upon the
finding of the commissioner of bankruptcy, each
creditor should be informed of the parties who
are situated as he himself is, and of the amount
due each. These creditors occupy a common
position in regard to the estate of the bankrupt,
and they should have some means of informa-
tion as to who are the parties interested, in order
that they may have an opportunity of consul-
tation.
Is the amendment I have offered accepta-
ble 1o the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
JKNCKGS?]
Mr. .IEXCKES. lTpon a voluntary petition
that might be so. But the gentleman will see,
by turning back, that that is a portion of the
proceeding to be regulated by the commissioner
upon an involuntary petition.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand that to be
so. 'This is the first step to bring the parties
together.
Mr. JENCKES. If (he gentleman will al-
low me, I will show that it is unnecessary ;
because the duty of the messenger is to send
notice to every creditor, and nothing is ^done
until the creditors meet. When the petition is
a voluntary one, the schedule must be filed, and
it shows who the creditors are. And as soon
as the creditors meet they know each other.
Mr. HALE. I think the gentleman fails to
understand my point.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not. But I think it
ought not to_ be in the law, but left to the code
to be prescribed.
Mr. HALE. I think it should be in the law.
The law prescribes the contents of the notices
to be issued by the messenger. And I say that
the notice, the thing that gives the creditors in-
formation, ought to advise him who are the par-
ties interested in the matter in like manner with
himself, so that he may have an opportunity for
consultation and comparison of views with
them, before he decides that he will ever ap-
pear or take any steps whatever.
Take, for instance, the city of New York,
which is perhaps the great creditor city of the
country. A merchant of New York receives
notice of the filing of a petition of his debtor.
By this bill, as it stands, he is to have no other
information. Now, if in that same notice he
can lie told, what can be told very briefly and
readily, and with very little additional expense,
who the other creditors are, and what are the
amounts due them, he will have information
which will be of great importance to him.
Mr. JENCKES. With the permission of the
gentleman I will suggest an amendment to an-
other portion of the section, which I think will
accomplish the purpose he lias in view: to in-
sert after the words " creditors of the debtor"
the words "their names and the amounts of
their debts so far as the same may be known/'
That poiliou of the section will then read:
Send wril ten or prm ted notice, by mail or otherwise,
to all creditors upon the schedule filed with the debt-
or's petition, or whose names may be given to him,
in addition, by the debtor, and to give such persona!
or other notice to any persons concerned as tile war-
rant specifies; which notice shall state:
1. That a warrant in bankruptcy has been issued
against the estate of the debtor.
2. That the payment of any debts and the delivery
of any propei ty belonging to such debtor to him or
for his use, and the transfer of any property by him,
are forbidden by law.
S,. That araeetingof the creditors of the debtor, their
names, an4 the amounts of their debts, so far as the
same may be known, to prove their debts and choose
one or more assignees of his estate, will be lieid at a
court of bankruptcy, to lie holden at a. time and place
designated in the warrant, not less than ten nor moro
than ninety days atter the issuing ot the same.
Mr. HALE. That is my proposition.
Mr. .JENCKES. I will accept the one I have
indicated, if the gentleman will move it.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied with that, and will
accept it.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I desire to offer two other
but merely verbal amendments, in lines forty-
two and forty-three. It now roads, ''send
written or printed notice, by mail or otherwise,
to all creditors," &c. I move to amend by
striking out the word "send" and insert the
word "serve;" also to strikeout the words
" or otherwise to" and insert the words "or
personally on;" so that it will read, "serve
written or printed notice, by mail or personally
on all creditors upon the schedule," &c.
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to that.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
eleventh section by striking out after the word
"bankrupt," in the thirty-first line,the follow-
ing words:
And thejudge of tho district court, or if there be
no opposing party, any register of said court, to be
designated by the judge, shall forthwith, if ho bo sat-
isfied that the debts due from the petitioner exceed
8500, issue a warrant, to be signed by such judge or
register.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And the clerk of the district court shall forthwith,
! if lie be satisfied from such petition that the debts
| due from tho petitioner exceed $500, issue a warrant
signed by him. under the seal of the court, and tested
in the name of the district judge; and.
Mr. Speaker, I think that the chairman of
the committee will consent, to this amendment
when ho understands its effect. In all eases in
the district court, when the proper paper giving
the court jurisdiction is placed on file, the war-
rant or attachment, whatever the process may
be, is issued by the clerk as a matter of course;
and it is issued here as a matter of course,
whenever a petition is filed showing more than
$500 worth of property on the partof the bank-
rupt.
Now, in order to make the proceeding under
this bill harmonize with other proceedings of a
like character in the district court, this warrant
should be issued by the clerk under seal, and
tested, as every other process is tested, in the
name of the district judge. I do not see why
a distinction should be made here, and the
power given to a judge or to a register, such
register being, perhaps, five hundred miles away
from the clerk's office, to issue a warrant, when
the seal is of necessity in the clerk's office.
Mr. JENCKES. If the proceedings were
voluntary only, the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Pomeroy] would
be proper; but h% will see at once that the sub-
ject which he wishes to cover by his amend-
ment is one that must be embraced within the
code of practice. In all cases of voluntary ap-
plication, the course indicated by him would
be pursued; but in cases of involuntary pro-
ceedings, there must be the act of a judge or
a register.
Mr. POMEROY. This section relates to
voluntary proceedings only.
Mr. JENCKES. But the gentleman, if he
looks further, will see that the section relating
to involuntary bankruptcy adopts all the pro-
ceedings prescribed for voluntary bankruptcy,
so as to avoid having two codes in the same act.
But the rules to be prescribed will meet the-
case which the gentleman desires to cover. The
method of proceeding which he proposes could
not be adopted and ought not to be adopted in
proceedings against a debtor.
Mr. POMEROY. Then the section should
provide that in cases of involuntary assignment
the warrant shall issue only upon the direction
of the judge or the register, while it should
also provide.(hat. in all other cases the warrant
shall he issued by the clerk.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman will readily
see that in the cases for which he proposes to
provide the warrant could be issued under a
standing order of the court, without making a
spccial provision in the law. The judge may
delegate his authority to that extent, if there
be no opposing party. But, in involuntary pro-
ceedings, there is necessarily an opposing party
whose case requires the consideration and action
of the judge. The phraseology of the bill in
reference to this niatterwas adoptedforthe sake
of simplicity, in order to cover both classes of
proceedings, leaving it to the discretion of the
judge to make a standing order with reference
to voluntary proceed ings. I think that the gen-
tleman will see the propriety of withdrawing
his amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
doing so if the gentleman will consent to a
provision in the bill that the warrant shall be
issued under tho rules and regulations to be
established by the court.
Mr. JENCKES. The bill already contains
such a provision. The tenth section provides
that a judge of the Supreme Court, with the
assistance of five commissioners, shall frame
general orders for the regulation of the prac-
tice and procedure in all cases.
Mr. POMEROY. Exactly. But they can-
not regulate proceedings which are specifically
provided for in the act. They cannot dispense
with anything that the act requires to be done.
Mr. JENCKES. The provisions of this bill
correspond with the provisions of our present
statutes with reference to other proceedings in
the district court. In a case in admiralty the
clerk issues his warrant by virtue of the rules
established by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. The law requires tho judge to is-
sue the warrant. The law also authorizes the
judges of tho Supreme Court to establish the
rules of practice. Under the rules which will
doubtless be adopted in these cases of bank-
ruptcy the clerk will issue the warrant, as a
