1866.
of land. But, sir, it has turned out to be an
impossibility. The bonds of the United States
winch are issued to this Union Pacific Railroad
Company and its brandies are iu the market,
and are coming monthly into the market, and
are there oheied to capitalists, who lend their
money upon them at a rate at which no other
party can borrow thai does not possess equal
facilities. _ It is utterly impossible, for this rea-
son, for the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany to go into the market and borrow money,
bo stringent was the charter which was passed
in 1804 that it actually prohibits that company
irom mortgaging a single foot of its line from
beginning to end for the purpose of raising
money or any other purpose; while, at the
same ti^nc that the Government makes this
large cash subsidy to the Union Pacific rail-
road of BIG,000 and $48,000 per mile, it allows
ihat company to mortgage its road, section
after section, as the sections shall be com-
pleted, and actually postpones the claims of
the L nited States as a creditor lending money,
to the claims of private persons who become
lenders upon 1 he bonds of the Union Pacific
iiauroad Company and its branches. Under
this state of things it is palpable to every man
who will reflect that it is totally impossible that
the orthern Pacific can borrow money to such
an amount and upon such terms as will enable
it to proceed with its work. 4
Now, sir, let it be clearly understood that
the guarantee demanded of the Government
by this bill is solely for the payment of the
interest upon the stock of the company at six
per cent, a year as the various sections of
twenty-five miles of road shall be completed.
With the payment of the stock itself we have
nothing to do. The bill requires no further
liability from the Government than the pay-
ment of the interest of six per cent, upon the
stock as the various sections shall be com-
pleted from time to time, and it is not to be
supposed that a road such as this will be when
it shall be constructed, or when part of it shall
be constructed, will be without revenue. Per-
sons who are acquainted with the character of-
northern men, persons who see the vigor and
rapidity with which settlements are pressed
forward into the far West, cannot doubt for a
moment that this road will be productive of
revenue ; I think, in the end, it will turn out
to be as productive of revenue to the company
as will be the Union Pacific railroad. I have
before mo a table containing estimates, made
with as much accuracy as is attainable at the
present time, as to the amount of the liabil-
ity of the United States on account of this in-
terest ; and with the indulgence of the Senate
I will read a single passage. It is a pamphlet
prepared under the direction of the company,
which has been examined by its engineer and
indorsed by him as being correct and as cer-
tainly not exceeding the reality.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3881
44 What, Doir, is the extent of this liability, and
how f\ut will it he incurred V'
Which is ccrtainlya very pregnant question,
and deserving of our consideration.
" To a certain extent, this "will depend upon the
rapidity with which tho road shall be constructed.
Supposing that one hundred and fifty miles upon the
eastern end be finished at the clo&c of the year 1868,
one hundred more on the eastern and fifty on the
western end in 1369. and the same in 1S70, making
five hundred miles before the 1st of January, 1871;
and after that time one hundred and fifty miles upon
the eastern and fifty mile? on the western end annu-
ally until the last year, when three hundred miles
will remain to be built, the road may bo constructed
in ten years, tho time prescribed by the charter.
Taking- this estimate as a basis, the following figures
will show the amount of stock upon which the guar-
antee of the Government for interest will attach, and
the amount of interest for which liability will be
incurred until tho expiration of the period of thirty
years; Fifty miles eastern end, 1867, at $24,900. equal
to $1,2-15,000; interest, $7-1,700. One hundred miles
eastern end, 1868, at $24,900, equal to $2,490,000, Total,
$3,735,000? interest, $224,100."
And so the table proceeds from year to year
through ti^ the year 1877, showing that the
whole amount of stock, the interest upon which
is to be guarantied, according to this bill, will
not exceed the sum of $95,710,000 ; and that
the whole amount of interest accruing during
that period, and for which the Government will
be liable, is paly the sum of $19,886,300. From
and after that time, that is the end of the ten
years, of course it will be impossible for this in-
terest to increase. On tho other hand, it would
necessarily be diminished from year to year by
the payment into the Treasury of the proceeds
ot tne lands lying upon the south side of their
route and by the twenty-five per cent, of the
net earnings of the road, which, by the bill, are
to be appropriated to the repayment of this in-
terest on the completion of the road. Of course,
it is not possible to make out an accurate and
precise statement of the entire amount of Gov-
ernment liability under this bill, for the loca-
tion ot the road has not yet been fixed. We
do not know exactly what is to be its length;
and it is impossible, from the nature of the
case, to come at a perfectly correct conclusion
as to the amount which we shall be compelled
to pay in the end ; but, in my humble judgment,
it is not at all probable that at any time the
Government will be called upon to pay more
tlian four or five or six million dollars in any
year during the existence of this loan; and I
think, on a careful examination of the data
which have come within my reach, there is
really no risk in^ the Government assuming the
payment of this interest •* but that, on the other
hand, the Government will in the end be a great
gainer, as will the people of the United States,
because it will have the effect to press forward
settlement and enterprise into those remote
regions. It will have an immediate effect to
develop and bring to light the rich mineral
treasures which arc now resting concealed be-
neath the soil of the Territories of Idaho, Mon-
tana, and Washington, through which this road
will pass. In .every point of view in which I
am able to view, I think it a very necessary
measure, and am quite sure that 'in the end
Congress will find _ itself constrained to pass
the bill, or some bill of this kind, to aid this
company in the construction of this great work.
As matters.as  -now situated, as 1 remarked
before,-iffs totally impossible for the company
to raise money by loan in the markets and
equally impracticable, forthem to sell their lands
to such an extent as to enable them to go on
with the work. I hope, sir, the Senate will
take an intelligent, reasonable view of this
matter and pass this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
wish to prolong this discussion ; but a further
examination of this bill and some statements
made by the Senator from Michigan induce me
to reply very briefly to him. I find in the
statutes of two years ago two railroad laws;
one of them for the building of the Union
Pacific railroad, which was an amendment to
the law passed two years before that, and in-
tended to give to the Union Pacific railroad
increased facilities. Those facilities were
granted, not by an additional guarantee by the
Government, but by a provision in the law
which authorized the company to issue their
bonds to bear date prior to and of a higher lien
than the liability to the United States. The
second bill was a bill to incorporate the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company. These two
bills are framed upon an entirely different the-
ory. One bill provides for a direct grant of
money or bonds by the United States to the
Union Pacific Railroad Company in addition
to tho ordinary land grants, and to the con-
struction of this road the credit of the United
States was pledged to tho amount of about,
ninety million dollars, all told, including all
the various branches; so that the utmost lia-
bility of the United States for tho Union Pacific
railroad, according to the estimated distance
then before as, and all its branches, including
three in the Bast and onein the West, was about
ninety-eight million dollars. At the same time,
and the two laws are here together, passing
together at the same time—the bill to organize
and incorporate the Northern Pacific railroad,
inst ead of granting 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator cannot have
forgotten that the Union Pacific railroad bill
was passed in 1862.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already stated that.
M. wnw AWclfin ™hatJ am not mistaken.
i ARB. The Senator is speaking
ot the two measures as being contemporaneous,
in that he is certainly mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already stated that
the original Union Pacific railroad act was
passed in 1862. The second one, which gave
further relief, was passed in 1864.
Mr- amendatory act.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendatory act upon
which wo are now acting. *
Mr. HOWARD. But the amendatory act
dl<J not grant any additional subsidy.
T,^r' SHERMAN, ^ I have already stated that.
It the Senator will listen, he will find that I am
correct in my statement. The first road, tho
Union Pacific railroad, was to be built by a
grant of bonds to the road directly, amounting
in the aggregate to $98,000,000, while the other
railroad was to be built by a grant of lands. .
I here is an entirely different frame-work for
the two bills. One is an ordinary railroad
grant; but the grant was giv.en forty miles
wide, running through the whole country along
our northern border. The grant to the North-
ern Pacific railroad is larger than the States
of Ohio and Indiana combined. Itis as large
as New England. If I have figured it up cor-
rectly, and I believe I have the precise quan-
tity, it is forty-seven million acres of the pub-
lic lands—a larger grant of land than has ever
been given to any corporation in this country,
or that was ever conceived to be given to any
corporation, lying along a region that is fer-
tile; according to the gentlemen who are en-
gaged in the construction of this road, a region
of land that is immensely valuable, and wh&n
they reach the Pacific coast in a climate that is
very agreeable indeed. At the time the bill
was passed, the gentlemen who wore engaged
in it said that they would build ap this road as
they went along with this increased grant of
land, that they asked no money from the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and that stipu-
lation was put in the body of the act in the
nature of a condition-precedent, upon which
the grant was given. I will read that provis-
ion :
"Provided farther. That no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury of tho United States to aid in the
construction of tho said Northern Pacific railroad."
Here were the two laws ; here were the two
railroads, one with a large grant of land, with-
out any Government directors, to bo managed
by private enterprise, framed upon the ordinary
basis of a land-grant road; and the other a
Government road, to be aided by Government
bonds, with Government directors, with Gov-
ernment agents, with Government commission-
ers, and the whole managod and controlled
by the Government, and within the power ot
the Government at any moment; the one with
an express stipulation that no money should
be granted; the other with an express grant of
money, and postponing the payment of the
grant to a prior mortgage by the railroad com-
pany. These are the two laws; the map shows
very clcarly that the one railroad must creep
along the northern boundary of this coun-
try. It must be, according to the terms of the
bill, north of the forty-fifth degree of latitude;
and if Senators will look at the map they will
see from the course of the streams, from the
course of the surveys, without any engineer-
ing at all, that it must go up as high as the
forty-eighth degree of latitude; and, according
to the surveys in the book which my friend
from Michigan has before him, it is admit-
ted that this road will lie between the forty-
seventh and forty-eighth latitude, and occa-
sionally probably crossing the Canada line.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let me ask the Sena-
tor a single question: whether it would not be
well to improve our frontiers?
Mr. SHERMAN. Itis proposed to run along
our northern frontier until the western ter-
minus is reached on British Puget sound.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is not British,
but American.
Mr. SHERMAN. Itis British in one sense,
